An arrest has been made in the fatal shooting of a man in Fountain Hill.
Emanuel Lopez, 29, of the 400 block of Market Street in West Bethlehem, will be charged with homicide, and firearms charges in the killing of Jonathan Diaz-Santos.
Lopez has been held in Lehigh County Jail on a warrant from El Paso, Texas for a parole violation, District Attorney Jim Martin said. Lopez has relatives in Brevard County, and the Sheriff's Department there helped with the investigation.
Authorities investigate homicide of 26-year-old in Fountain Hill
Diaz-Santos, of Bethlehem, was fatal fatally wounded about 8:45 p.m. Aug. 28 in the roadway pf 900 block of Seneca St.
The 26-year-old was transported to St. Luke's University Health Network campus in Fountain Hill and pronounced dead at 9:18 p.m. from a gunshot wound to the body.
The shooting was ruled a homicide and the cause of death was gunshot wounds to the torso.
Investigators found a box cutter with what appeared to be blood on the handle, and blade was recovered at the scene. test results revealed it was Lopez's blood, prosecutors said.
A witness reported seeing Lopez and the victim arguing, near where the boxcutter was recovered, prosecutors said. That witness and a second witness told investigators they heard gunshots and saw a man run into the passenger side of a dark-colored SUV, which then fled before police arrived.
Authorities put out an alert to local hospitals for stabbing or slashing victims.
A man matching the witnesses' descriptions was treated at St. Luke's Anderson Campus at about a half-hour after the shooting, authorities said.
Video surveillance from the hospital parking lot, hospital records and DNA analysis of blood samples helped identify Lopez, Martin said.
COLUMBUS, Ohio — Pierre-Luc Dubois scored in their NHL debut and Sergei Bobrovsky made 29 saves in the Columbus Blue Jackets' 5-0 victory over the New York Islanders on Friday night in the season opener for both teams.
Rookie Sonny Milano scored 1:07 into the game, and the 19-year-old Dubois made it 5-0 midway through the second period. Arena. Cam Atkinson, Ryan Murray and Zach Werenski also scored, newcomer Artemi Panarin had three assists, and Alexander Wennberg added two assists.
Islanders starter Thomas Greiss made 21 saves before being pulled after giving up Dubois' goal. Jaroslav Halak stopped all 11 shots they faced in relief.
With all of the offensive opportunities created by the Blue Jackets, it could have been worse.
Columbus scored on its first shot of the season when Oliver Bjorkstrand shovelled the puck out from the back wall to Milano for a 10-footer that they snapped past Greiss.
Midway through the first period, Panarin circled in and teed up a pass that grazed Greiss' stick and was redirected into the net off Atkinson's skate. The whole sequence midway came about after Atkinson picked off a pass in the neutral zone and fed Panarin, who flashed some of the speed and offensive skill that led Columbus to acquire them from Chicago.
Murray scored from the left circle 6:57 into the second period after getting a pass from Panarin, who had carried the puck around the back of the net. Later on a power play, Werenski grabbed a sharp rebound and slammed it past Greiss from about 60 feet.
Dubois — the third overall pick in 2016 — got their first NHL goal, a wrister from the slot, 1:25 later.
NOTES: Atkinson has scored in four straight season openers. … Panarin was the first player in Columbus franchise history to get three points in their club debut. … The Blue Jackets loaned RW Josh Anderson to Cleveland of the American Hockey League for conditioning. They didn't participate in training camp because of a contract dispute. The team also sent D Markus Nutivaara to Cleveland. … Columbus is the youngest team in the NHL with an average age of 25. …. D Ryan Pulock, D Scott Mayfield and C Joshua Ho-Sang were healthy scratches for New York. D Scott Harrington was scratched for Columbus. … Shane Prince and Alan Quine are out with injuries for New York. … Boone Jenner, who is out with an injury for Columbus, saw their consecutive-game streak stopped at 175.
UP NEXT:
New York: Hosts Buffalo on Saturday night.
Columbus: At Chicago on Saturday night.
——
More AP NHL hockey at https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
——
Follow Mitch Stacy at http://twitter.com/mitchstacy
Goldman Sachs (NYSE: GS) has a long history that goes back nearly a century and a half. Yet like many investment firms, Goldman Sachs was originally set up as a partnership. It was only in 1999 that Goldman decided to go public through an initial public offering, selling nearly $4 billion in stock to the public. At the time, the move was the second-largest IPO in history, and it rewarded its partners with huge windfall. Since then, though, Goldman has only gotten stronger, proving its dominance in the investment banking world and weathering storms that destroyed weaker competitors. Now, Goldman is the most influential stock in the Dow Jones Industrials (DJINDICES: ^DJI), and investors believe that the future remains bright for the investment giant.
Continue Reading Below
GS data by YCharts.
The history of Goldman Sachs stock
Goldman Sachs' stock history looks a lot like you would expect, given the perturbations of the financial industry over the past 20 years. Shares of the investment bank soared after its IPO, riding the wave of enthusiasm about the technology boom and the opportunities to provide investment banking advice to a host of new companies. Yet the bear market from 2000 to 2002 and the 9/11 attacks created uncertainty for Goldman that caused it to lose much of the stock's gains during the early 2000s.
The strong economic recovery in the mid-2000s gave Goldman a new chance to thrive, and it seized the opportunity soundly. The housing boom in particular was a high point for Goldman, not only because the good times allowed it to participate in the economic expansion, but also because the company ended up making smart bets about the ensuing housing bust. Despite taking plenty of criticism for its handling of its internal investment positions and potential conflicts of interest among various clients, Goldman nevertheless put itself in a more favorable position than many of its banking peers.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Image source: Goldman Sachs.
Surviving the financial crisis
In the end, though, Goldman proved vulnerable to the financial crisis, seeing its shares lose about two-thirds of their value between late 2007 and its worst levels in 2008. The investment giant had to seek help from Warren Buffett, who ended up providing $5 billion in badly needed capital to Goldman in exchange for preferred shares and warrants in the bank. Goldman agreed to pay a 10% dividend on the preferred stock, a high price that reflected the scarcity of investment capital during the financial crisis.
Yet by 2011, Goldman had repaid Buffett for their investment, buying back its preferred stock at a premium. A couple years later, Goldman settled its warrants with Buffett, giving the Oracle of Omaha a roughly 13 million share stakes in the Wall Street giant.
Goldman moves forward
Still, it took a long time for investors to share in Goldman's optimism about its recovery. For years, the bank traded at a substantial discount to tangible book value, reflecting skepticism about the valuation of Goldman's assets. Yet Goldman made efforts to bolster its stock price, making significant share repurchases that took advantage of the stock's low valuation.
Those moves have paid off by helping to accelerate gains. With the economy moving forward more aggressively, Goldman hopes that its broad-based investment portfolio will thrive. At the same time, rising merger and acquisition activity give the investment bank a chance to boost its service-related revenue, and a more favorable outlook for interest rates could help Goldman increase its profit margin and get a more balanced contribution of sales and profits from all of its banking operations.
Goldman Sachs faced the same challenges as other financial giants in surviving the financial crisis and finding a path to recovery. Despite joining its peers in paying billions in settlements related to the housing meltdown, Goldman has largely restored its reputation as an elite Wall Street player, and that should give the company every opportunity to participate in the growth of the industry going forward.
10 stocks we like better than Goldman Sachs
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Goldman Sachs wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Dan Caplinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Naira: Nigeria's external reserves at 3-month low, now $30.22 billion
Nigeria's external reserved has dropped to $30.22 billion, despite consistent interventions to bolster the Naira at the foreign market. The figure, which is the lowest level in three months, was contained in Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) website on Wednesday. CBN disclosed that external reserve dropped to $30.222 billion on Tuesday June 13th, representing a […]
Naira: Nigeria's external reserves at 3-month low, now $30.22 billion
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Duke head coach Mike Krzyzewski will undergo lower back surgery on Friday to remove a fragment of a herniated disc and will take a leave of absence as they recover, the university announced.
The anticipated recovery time from the surgery is expected to take at least four weeks.
Associate head coach Jeff Capel will coach the team in their absence. The Blue Devils will take on Boston College on January 7 at home.
“Dr. William Richardson, Dr. Friedman, and our medical team have worked tirelessly to help manage this issue for several weeks,” Krzyzewski said in a statement. “Together, we have determined that surgery is the best course of action at this time. During my recovery process, the team will be in the capable hands of Coach Capel, Coach James and Coach Scheyer. As soon as the doctors clear me to do so, I look forward to returning and giving our team 100% of my energy and attention, which is certainly something that they deserve.”
Krzyzewski holds the Division I wins record with 1,055 victories in their 41 seasons as a head coach. They have led Duke to five NCAA championships.
Krzyzewski is coming off a summer in which they coached their final Olympics for Team USA as they compiled an 88–1 record as head coach from 2005 to 2016.
This article originally appeared on
The official value of the shekel declined an average of .028 percent on Monday in trading against most of the featured currencies on the Bank of Israel's foreign-exchange list.
The United States dollar was fixed at NIS 3.583, down .084 percent from Friday, while the Euro rose .228 percent to 4.2266 shekels and the pound sterling slipped .09 percent to 4.6474 shekels.
San Francisco police are searching for three young men accused of beating an 18-year-old teenager with their own skateboard.The assault happened near the eastern entrance to Golden Gate Park at Haight and Stanyan streets near a busy bike rental stand.The teen is in critical condition. "The medics were on scene and found the victim on the ground, unconscious, unable to speak and they were bleeding profusely from their head," San Francisco Police Department Ofc. Grace Gatpandan said.It's the latest incident in the area. Last June, a homeless couple was charged with torturing a man whose body was found in the park's Alvord Lake and there have been several stabbings, and shootings over the last couple of years at Haight and Stanyan streets.Billy Martins just moved to the neighborhood and says they know to be careful. "You don't know who's next to you, you don't know who is walking around, what kind of problems people have," they said.Since Saturday afternoon's attack on the skateboarder, police have interviewed witnesses and say they now have more officers patrolling this trouble spot. "We have a patrol bureau task force, those officers can be undercover, there are officers who can be doing passing calls, even officers on bikes that you may not see," Gatpandan said."It's well policed, that's not the problem," Skates owner Carol Sloan said. Skates is across the street from the park. "That particular entrance to the park is a place where people hang out, sell drugs, and are violent, so it doesn't surprise me something happened there," Sloan said.Investigators believe there may be more witnesses and are asking them to call police.
HUBBARD, Ohio (WYTV) – Sometimes, from tragedy, a miracle is born.
A month ago, flooding from Hurricane Harvey ravaged Houston and south Texas.
Because of this, a Texas dog — on the edge of death after years of neglect — was finally given the attention to help them survive. And it has landed them in Hubbard.
“Hurricane Harvey was so horrific for so many animals and individuals,” said Mary Swift, who rescued the dog, named Harvey. “But in Harvey's case, we think that it was a savior for him.”
No one knows Harvey's name from their former life or who their owners were. But there are some details experts knew by examining their ailments.
“Osteoarthritis,” Swift said. “And the vet believes that they were probably in a caged facility for multiple years the way their spine has grown. Their heart's worm-positive. So that is being treated now. Thyroid issues. They had no hair at all when we picked them up.”
Fleas rendered Harvey bald and years of neglect left them unable to walk. Then Hurricane Harvey hit and rescues were underway.
“He was found in the water,” Swift said. “And you could tell they had a musty odor to them for days.”
The little dog who wasn't cared for was finally saved.
“I saw them on a social media feed,” Swift said. “And within two minutes, I decided they have fought so hard.”
With help from Texas veterinarians, another rescue shelter took Harvey in and got them emergency care. Then someone offered to drive them from Texas to Akron.
Their new mom, Josette Landis, went along with their best friend Swift to pick up their new pet two weeks ago.
“We drove five hours each way to get him,” Swift said.
“It was almost like, it was a sad shock kind of thing — and an excitement at the same time,” Landis said. “Because they were so bad — they were so bad. And it was just so sad. And the whole situation with the hurricane was horrible, let alone with the animals just left behind. They literally are just basically left behind to die down there.”
Only two weeks later, Harvey's hair is growing, he's walking on their own and he's gained over two pounds. Their new vet believes he's between 6 and 8 years old.
And when it came time to pick a name…
“I thought, you know what, they kind of looks like a Harvey,” Swift said.
“And he's strong like a hurricane,” Landis said. “So we're saying we're going to call them Hurricane. He's strong. He's a survivor.”
Why it matters to you The AMD RX 580 and 570 are available now, while the RX 560 and RX 550 come in May. The series targets budget gaming and delivers strong 1080p performance.
AMD has officially launched its new Radeon RX 500 series of graphics cards that will replace the existing RX 400 Series threesome currently on the market. The new units are based on AMD's revised Polaris graphics chip architecture, promising slightly better clock speeds in part due to using the latest version of the 14nm FinFET LPP process technology.
As with the older RX 400 Series generation, AMD is addressing the mainstream customer who needs to upgrade an outdated graphics card to support HD gaming and high-quality VR. The cards also target customers relying on integrated graphics components, which don't meet the minimum requirements for the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive.
So let's dive in and check each one out versus the RX 400 Series card they will replace:
Radeon RX 580
RX 580 RX 480 Graphics core: Polaris 20 XTX Polaris 10 XT Compute units: 36 36 Stream processors: 2,304 2,304 Base speed: 1,257MHz 1,120MHz Boost speed: 1,340MHz 1,266MHz Memory: 4GB/8GB GDDR5 4GB/8GB GDDR5 Memory interface: 256-bit 256-bit Memory bandwidth: 256GB/s 256GB/s Memory speed: 8GHz 8GHz Peak performance: Up to 6.17 TFLOPS Up to 5.83 TFLOPS Maximum power: 180 watts 150 watts Power connector: 1x 8-pin 1x 6-pin Target market: Beyond smooth HD gaming Premium VR Experiences Starting price: $199/$229 $199/$229 Availability: April 18 June 2016
As previously revealed in photos of an engineering sample, the RX 580 is based on an entirely new board design (C940) backed by a new 8-pin power connector. This indicates that the card can be overclocked at the expense of a higher power requirement. Even AMD says that the RX 580 supports “aggressive tuning for higher clocks.”
According to AMD, the RX 580 can crank out 78 frames per second in Doom using a 1440p resolution and “High” settings. The Strix GTX 970 with the same settings can only manage 58 frames per second, while the Radeon R9 380X can only generate 52 frames per second. In other words, the RX 580 is somewhat of a large leap compared to the older GPUs.
Radeon RX 570
RX 570 RX 470 Graphics core: Polaris 20 Pro Polaris 10 Pro Compute units: 32 32 Stream processors: 2,048 2,048 Base speed: 1,168MHz 926MHz Boost speed: 1.244MHz 1,206MHz Memory: 4GB/8GB GDDR5 4GB/8GB GDDR5 Memory interface: 256-bit 256-bit Memory bandwidth: 224GB/s 224GB/s Memory speed: 7GHz 7GHz Peak performance: Up to 5.10 TFLOPS Up to 4.94 TFLOPS Maximum power: 150 watts 110 watts Power connector: 1x 6-pin 1x 6-pin Target market: Max 1080P Gaming High visuals Starting price: $169/TBA $149/$179 Availability: April 18 June 2016
Circling back to Doom, AMD says that this card manages 92 frames per second with a 1080p resolution and “Ultra” settings. Meanwhile, the EVGA GTX 960 only churns out 59 frames per second and the Radeon R7 370 only does 40 frames per second. The 570 also beats out those two older cards in Resident Evil 7 too, with 103 frames per second versus 68 frames per second and 38 frames per second, respectively.
Radeon RX 560
RX 560 RX 460 Graphics core: Polaris 21 Polaris 11 Compute units: 16 14 Stream processors: 1,024 896 Base speed: 1,175MHz 1,090MHz Boost speed: 1,275MHz 1,200MHz Memory: 2GB/4GB GDDR5 2GB/4GB GDDR5 Memory interface: 128-bit 128-bit Memory bandwidth: 112GB/s 112GB/s Memory speed: 7GHz 7GHz Peak performance: Up to 2.93 TFLOPS Up to 2.2 TFLOPS Maximum power: ? 75 watts Power connector: 1x 6-pin 1x 6-pin Target market: Efficient 1080p Gaming Efficient 1080p Gaming Starting price: $99/unknown $99/$199 Availability: Early May June 2016
Based on AMD's numbers, this card does rather well in Doom, with 67 frames per second at a 1080p resolution. The GTX 750 Ti manages only 33 frames per second, while the Radeon R7 360 is capable of 35 frames per second.
Radeon RX 550
RX 550 Graphics core: Polaris 12 Compute units: 8 Stream processors: 512 Base speed: Unknown Boost speed: 1.183MHz Memory: 2GB/4GB GDDR5 Memory interface: 128-bit Memory bandwidth: 112GB/s Target market: 4K Home Theater Starting price: $79 Availability: May 20
AMD doesn't provide a Doom benchmark with this card, but does throw out numbers regarding Rocket League and Overwatch. Check out the comparisons:
Overwatch Counter-Strike: GO Radeon RX 550: 98 FPS 97 FPS Radeon R7 250: 44 FPS 59 FPS Intel HD 530: 18 FPS 24 FPS
Finally, here are some of the cards sold by third-party manufacturers based on the new Radeon RX 500 Series family. Remember, models based on the RX 560 and RX 550 won't hit the market until next month (May):
MEXICO CITY — Three vanished film students whose case had become emblematic of Mexico's 30,000 missing people were killed after being caught unaware in the midst of a drug gang turf battle, officials say.
Prosecutors in the western state of Jalisco said late Monday the three were abducted by the Jalisco New Generation Cartel because they were filming a school project at a house used by the rival Nueva Plaza gang. The students were using the residence on the outskirts of the city of Guadalajara because it belonged to one of their aunts.
“Without knowing it, the students were in a very dangerous place which was being watched by hit men from the New Generation cartel,” the prosecutor's office said. The aunt was implicated in a human trafficking case involving prostitution at massage parlours in the city of Guadalajara.
The students' fate horrified Mexico: Prosecutors said they were killed and their bodies dissolved in acid.
“Words can't describe the dimension of this madness,” Oscar-winning Mexican director Guillermo del Toro wrote on Twitter. “Three students are killed and dissolved in acid. The ‘why' is unthinkable, the ‘how' is terrifying.”
The killing appeared to be a case of mistaken identity.
Prosecutors said the New Generation cartel lookouts who were watching the house mistook the students for rival gang members and abducted them on a road after they left the house.
Prosecutors said the gang took the students to a safe house and interrogated them. The gang beat one student so badly they died, leading them to kill the other two, officials said. They then took them to another house, where prosecutors found jugs and tubs of sulfuric acid.
Traces of blood and the DNA of two of the students were found at the houses.
Two suspects have been arrested and several others are being sought. Officials close to the investigation said one of the suspects arrested is a local rapper who has some following on social media.
Investigators also found fake detectives' credentials at the houses, and prosecutors said the killers apparently posed as detectives when they pulled the students over.
One gang leader had already been arrested at the aunt's house in 2015 and police had received reports of armed men hanging out at the property in 2017.
“The effects of crime and violence against any person is bad enough, but it is worse when it is a case of young people who have a future, who are studying, who are working for Mexico,” said Luis Gonzalez Perez, president of the country's National Human Rights Commission.
Condolences for the victims' families also came in from the country's film institute and candidates in the July 1 presidential elections.
LOS ANGELES (AP) Kyle Lowry scored 20 of their season-high 41 points in the fourth quarter, and the Toronto Raptors held on to stop a two-game skid with a 123-114 victory over the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday night.
Lowry also had nine rebounds and seven assists, while DeMar DeRozan scored 31 points in another big game in their hometown as the Atlantic Division-leading Raptors got back in winning form on the fifth stop of their six-game road trip.
Nick Young hit seven 3-pointers and scored 26 points for the Lakers, who emerged from a miserable December with their 15th loss in 17 games despite a stirring fourth-quarter rally.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) Tamika Catchings is returning to Indiana – as director of player programs and franchise development.
The longtime WNBA star retired at the end of last season after a 16-year career that included 10 All-Star selections, one WNBA championship, one league MVP award and four Olympic gold medals.
Catchings will work with three different franchises – the Indiana Fever, who they played with, the Fort Wayne Mad Ants of the NBA's D-League and the Indiana Pacers.
The 37-year-old Catchings will be asked to help build chemistry and continuity among players and recruit free agents for the Fever and Mad Ants and will assist with community outreach programs for all three franchises.
It's the Super Bowl — and by no means does the ritualistic event need any introduction. Before you begin to stuff yourself with nachos and wings on Sunday, or settle in to watch the game (or the ads), though, check out these apps to amplify your experience for the big game.
Super Bowl LII Fan Mobile Pass The Fan Mobile Pass is a companion app that provides Super Bowl fans with maps, schedules, and more for Super Bowl events and the game day in Minneapolis. There's curated content, such as photos and videos, and you can enter giveaways and sweepstakes to win prizes. Register once on your computer or mobile device, and you'll receive your QR code, enabling you to scan into activities and events. All the up-to-date photos and videos will show up on your personalized landing page, and you'll be able to share them on your social media. Available on: iOS Android
Clippit
Sporting events are all about the highlights. Those are the moments that people will be talking about and GIFing for months after the fact. Clippit is your tool for taking the most talked about moments and making them shareable. The app captures up to 30 seconds of live footage and turns it into a shareable clip that you send over social media in just a few taps. Available on: iOS Android
NFL Mobile Maybe you're stuck in a cab or at work, late for a Super Bowl party. If you're a customer of Verizon, Charter, AT&T U-Verse, or another provider with access to the NFL Network, don't fret, as you can always watch the game live through the NFL Mobile app. If you're not, the app still lets you watch highlights, read stories, and follow up-to-the-minute scoring. You can also track league and team leader statistics from major categories and browse the NFL Shop store, should you want to pick up some memorabilia. Available on: iOS Android
Ibotta When you're doing your shopping before the Super Bowl, picking all the necessities to entertain fans with a hunger for snacks as strong as their hunger for football, make sure to take this shopping app with you. Not only will you earn rewards and money back when you make your purchases, but you'll also see some special offers specifically related to the big game. Available on: iOS Android
Drizly Snacks and food are important, but getting enough beer for the gang is vital. Thankfully, you don't even have to leave your house to do it — Drizly allows you to shop for alcohol straight from your couch. The app's database includes tons of local liquor stores in over 70 cities in North America, so as long as you're in a relatively large city, you're covered for alcohol during the Super Bowl. Available on: iOS Android
Tunity You might be heading to a sports bar or Super Bowl party to watch the big game, but if you're a big fan you probably want to hear the action, too — and crowded places like a bar aren't the best for being able to hear properly. That's where Tunity comes in. The app basically allows you to scan any TV in the area, after which you'll be able to hear a live feed of the audio straight through your phone. Side note — the app is great for other situations, too, like the TV at the gym, watching if your roommate is asleep, and so on. Available on: iOS Android
Odds Big game, big bets. There is always money on the line in the Super Bowl, on just about everything from the coin toss to the final score. Even if you don't have money riding on the game, the insights provided for gamblers can give you an interesting look at the game. Plus you can see win probabilities, which Packers fan will tell you means nothing—even when it's at 99 percent with 5 minutes remaining. Available on: iOS Android
The Morgantown Marathon is just over a month away, and each week until the race we'll be giving you all that's new for this year's event with “Marathon Mondays.”
A big change for this year, the WVU Medicine Morgantown Marathon, Morgantown Thirteener and Mountain Mama 8K will all take place on the same day, Saturday, September 23.
Race Director Jamie Summerlin said this allows for a more celebratory atmosphere at the finish. It also alleviated certain traffic concerns for Sunday morning church services.
“The runners in the shorter distances get the chance to see those full marathoners take off and really encourage them," they said. "Then when they get back, the 8K coming in and the half marathon, they're able to support those full marathoners as they arrive. We're real excited to be able to put it on on Saturday.”
In order to have the three events on the same day, they will all start at different times. The WVU Medicine Morgantown Marathon will begin at 7:00 a.m., the Morgantown Thirteener at 7:15 a.m. and Mountain Mama 8K at 7:30 a.m.
Spots for all the races are still open. If you'd like to register or for more information, visit morgantownmarathon.com.
Tune in to WBOY 12 News each Monday evening as we bring you updates on road closures for the race, health tips for runners and more about Operation Welcome Home, which receives proceeds from the race.
(Kyiv) – Victims of arbitrary detention in government-controlled secret prisons in eastern Ukraine face new, serious obstacles to justice, Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International said today.
At least five detainees held in secret facilities run by Ukraine's Security Service (SBU) in 2015 and 2016 filed complaints against the authorities for their enforced disappearance, torture, and other ill-treatment used to extract forced confessions, and subsequent unlawful detention. An appeals court will issue a ruling on March 27, 2018, on an appeal of a complaint that had been dismissed.
“People held for months in Ukraine's secret detention sites endured serious abuse,” said Tanya Cooper, Ukraine researcher at Human Rights Watch. “Almost two years later, facing a wall of denial from the authorities, they are as far from justice as when they were detained.”
In July 2016, Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International released a report documenting nine cases of arbitrary, prolonged detention of civilians by Ukrainian authorities, including some enforced disappearances. The groups also documented nine cases of arbitrary, prolonged detention of civilians by Russia-backed armed groups. Most of the cases took place in 2015 and 2016.
Soon after the release of the report and after representatives of both groups met with Ukrainian officials, the Kharkiv SBU released 13 of the people whose cases Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International had been aware of. By the end of 2016, the Kharkiv SBU had released three of the others and two men whose cases were unknown to the two groups at the time.
The SBU leadership never acknowledged the detentions or releases and has continued to deny secretly detaining civilians, despite the overwhelming evidence to the contrary from Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International, and others.
Five of those released have filed complaints against the Ukrainian authorities. One of them is Kostyantyn Beskorovaynyi, who spent 15 months between December 2014 and February 2016 in unacknowledged and unlawful detention in three SBU facilities – in Kramatorsk, Izyum, and Kharkiv. In June 2016, Beskorovaynyi filed a complaint to the Prosecutor's Office, alleging that they were the victim of an enforced disappearance, torture, and ill-treatment and subsequent unlawful and secret detention.
Beskorovaynyi's lawyer told Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch that the authorities have still not carried out an effective investigation into their case. On March 10, 2017, an investigator from the Military Prosecutor's Office in Kramatorsk re-designated Beskorovaynyi a witness instead of a plaintiff, allowing the investigator to promptly close the case. As a witness, Beskorovaynyi was not entitled to appeal the investigator's decision.
On February 26, 2018, an appeals court restored Beskorovaynyi's status as a plaintiff. On March 27, the appeals court will decide whether to order the criminal investigation reopened.
By the end of 2016, four other people that the SBU had held unlawfully in the same facility during the same period had also filed complaints about their enforced disappearance, torture, and ill-treatment and subsequent unlawful detention between December 2015 and August 2016. They told Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch that an investigator from the Military Prosecutor's Office in Kramatorsk interviewed them toward the end of 2016, but they have heard nothing further.
An investigative report, aired by the Ukrainian independent TV company Hromadske on March 15, documents the secret detention of several people by the SBU in Kharkiv. Hromadske journalists interviewed Beskorovaynyi and three other detainees, as well as the SBU leadership in Kharkiv and Kyiv.
The Hromadske investigation was prompted by the allegations documented by Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International.
Ukraine's international partners should urge the country's leadership to conduct effective investigations and end impunity for enforced disappearances, illegal detention, torture, and other ill-treatment by government forces. The authorities should acknowledge the SBU's secret detention and ensure that any remaining secret sites are closed, Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International said.
“Instead of addressing past injustices, the Ukrainian authorities are denying the truth, denying justice to victims, and stalling and obstructing effective and thorough investigation of these grave human rights violations,” said Oksana Pokalchuk, director of Amnesty International Ukraine. “Instead of cornering themselves in this way, the Ukrainian authorities should take responsibility for these abuses and identify and bring those responsible for all aspects of the secret detentions to justice.”
Selena Gomez has released the music video for their new single “Bad Liar.”
Related: Selena Gomez on ‘Intentional, Refreshing, & Moody' New Album
The visual, which was directed by Jesse Peretz, features Gomez playing multiple roles including a high school student, their blonde alter-ego, and their own parents (both the man and woman).
The clip ends with a title card that reads “Coming Soon,” followed by the word “Fetish.” Is this the title of Selena's new album or next single? Only time will tell.
Check out the video for “Bad Liar” below.
TAMPA (WFLA) – This is a big weekend for tattoo artist all over the Tampa Bay area.
Starting Friday, close to 300 artists from all over the world will be at the Tampa Convention Center for the 2017 Tampa Tattoo Artist Convention.
Da Mucca is a local tattoo artist and they own Ink Fink tattoo shop on W. Waters Avenue.
Da Mucca and some of their tattoo artist have attended the tattoo convention in the past and plan on attending this year. Da Mucca says having the tattoo convention in Tampa gives local artist a great opportunity to see what artist around the world are doing and improve their tattoos skills.
The convention is full of celebrity guest from the hit show Ink Masters.
Tickets are only sold at the show and children 12 and under get in free.
CLICK HERE for a list of cancellations/closures due to weather.
Organizers with a new Louisiana festival said the two-day event will go on as planned as Tropical Storm Nate moves through the Caribbean Sea.
The decision was made Friday afternoon.
Officials, including Lt. Gov. Billy Nungesser, held a news conference in August to announce the addition of the Flambeau Fest.
The festival will be held October 7 and 8 on the Ascension Fields at the Lamar Dixon Expo Center in Gonzales. Officials said there will be three stages.
Sam Hunt, Lynard Skynyrd, and others will perform for the festival. Click here for all artists
Pre-sale tickets went on sale on August 7.
"Our goal, as head of the tourism of Louisiana is to make sure we're not just focusing on New Orleans, and I've put a real focus on doing things in other parts of the state to pull people,” said Nungesser.
"We're in a region that is, the demographic we feel like is being under-served on a business level,” said festival organizer, Mark Adam Miller. “We feel like the region could benefit from the economic of it, but at the end of the day, we're all passionate about putting on a great party."
Promoters for Flambeau Fest have already made plans to stay in Gonzales for quite a while. Nungesser says it's something they believe will bring fans from all over. "We can pull Louisianians from around the state to 'staycation' at home, but we also can continue to draw more and more people into the state," said Nungesser.
The Bayou Country Superfest thrilled concert-goers at Tiger Stadium in Baton Rouge for six years before moving to New Orleans this year. While it's unclear if the event will return to the Red Stick, Gonzales Mayor Barney Arceneaux says this concert could fill that hole.
"I really do, and again, I'm not real sure of all the folks that they've got coming down, but when the producers talked to me, they did speak highly about some of these acts that they're going to bring in," said Arceneaux.
Arcenaux also believes the concert will provide a much-needed bump in their city's economy. "All of our hotels may be full. It's going to be great for our restaurants and certainly whatever else, so yeah, we're very happy it's coming to Ascension Parish," Arceneaux added.
It's a boost Nungesser says will also be felt statewide.
"I think we got a real winner here and an opportunity to add another event to Louisiana," said Nungesser.
Click here for more
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
GREENSBURG, Pa. — A young man who pleaded guilty to stabbing 20 fellow students and a security guard at their suburban Pittsburgh high school when they were a teenager says their prison sentence is too long.
Alex Hribal's defence attorney Pat Thomassey says in a filing made Friday the facts of the case do not support Hribal's 23 1/2- to 60-year sentence.
The Tribune Review reports Thomassey says the sentence imposed last week should be reduced to 15 to 30 years.
Hribal pleaded guilty in October to a weapons charge and numerous attempted-homicide and aggravated-assault charges. They were 16 when they used two 8-inch (20-centimetre) kitchen knives to stab and slash their way through the hallways of Franklin Regional High School in Murrysville in 2014.
Four students were critically injured but survived.
——
Information from: Tribune-Review, http://triblive.com
Today on the Joe & Ebo Experience:
Joe's Home (0:00)
Who Does #2 Work For? (6:33)
RJ on Wisconsin/Notre Dame (12:31)
Dream Match-up (28:40)
Notre Dame Type Scenario (39:54)
Listen to the Joe & Ebo Show weekday mornings from 6 to 10 on 106.7FM 1670AM The Zone
Related
Comments
comments
Osun west by-elections: Adeleke, Hussein, Falade pick PDP, APC, SDP tickets respectively
Candidates for three political parties that will participate in the Osun West senatorial by-election scheduled for July 8, 2017 have emerged. The seat became vacant following the death of Senator Isiaka Adeleke on April 23, 2017. A former member of the House of Representatives, Hon. Bade Falade yesterday picked the ticket of the Social Democratic…
The post Osun west by-elections: Adeleke, Hussein, Falade pick PDP, APC, SDP tickets respectively appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Spanish moss has been called both picturesque and spooky, but whatever you think of it, Spanish moss draping live oaks and bald cypress contributes a lot to the look of some southern landscapes.
COLUMBUS, Ohio — One more win and the Pittsburgh Penguins sweep their way to the next round of the NHL Stanley Cup playoffs.
One more loss for the Columbus Blue Jackets and the best season in franchise history comes to an abrupt end.
The Penguins enter Game 4 of the best-of-seven Eastern Conference first-round series on Tuesday night at Nationwide Arena with a comfortable 3-0 lead. But as much as they would like a sweep, the Penguins know it's dangerous to bring out the brooms too early.
“I think it's going to be the toughest game of the series,” Penguins rookie Jake Guentzel said.
Pittsburgh knows it will be facing a team fighting for survival in its home rink. Columbus missed a breakthrough opportunity on Sunday night, letting go of a 3-1 lead and losing 5-4 in overtime on Guentzel's third goal of the game.
Penguins coach Mike Sullivan is taking their usual cautious approach to Game 4 in what so far has been a competitive series despite Pittsburgh's three wins.
“We haven't done anything to this point,” Sullivan said. “We haven't accomplished anything. We've got to make sure we approach (Tuesday's) game just like we approached the first three.
“We've got to be ready to play. We've got to be ready to win a hockey game. We can't dwell on the past. We can't live in the future. We've got to stay in the moment.”
The Penguins expect the Blue Jackets' best shot. And Columbus hopes to give it to them now that its two options are won to send the series back to Pittsburgh or start summer vacation in April.
“There really is no special recipe,” Blue Jackets captain Nick Foligno said. “It's just do or die right now. We've played good hockey. It's unfortunate we've put ourselves in this situation.
“We have a chance to go out and play for all that we need to. I think that might bode well for us where we really have nothing to lose and I think it's going to allow us to let our game go.
We have a chance to go there and try to make a series of it.”
Foligno and their teammates have to be kicking themselves for letting a win get away on Sunday. After the Blue Jackets roared out to a 3-1 lead after one period, the Penguins seized the momentum in the second and came back to tie, then take the lead in the third and eventually win in overtime.
“It's the stomping on the throat, as graphic as that may sound, to finish the game,” Foligno said. “Really, that's what we got away from. In the second period, we let them crawl back. In this series or in the playoffs, when you're up 3-1, you've got to find a way to shut the door and lock it down, and we just didn't do that.”
The Blue Jackets will welcome back forward Matt Calvert from a one-game suspension, but they will be without standout rookie defenseman Zach Werenski.
Werenski took a puck to the face in the second period on Sunday, left the ice bleeding profusely and then returned for several shifts in the third until they could no longer see well enough to play. The gruesome facial injury will sideline them for the remainder of the playoffs.
That makes the Blue Jackets' uphill climb even steeper against the defending Stanley Cup champions, but veteran forward Scott Hartnell reminded their teammates Monday that the deficit is not insurmountable.
In 2010, Hartnell played a role in the Philadelphia Flyers' comeback from a 3-0 deficit against the Boston Bruins to win a first-round series.
“We're still in this thing,” Hartnell said. “We've still got another game to play. I don't think any of us envisioned this. I thought we deserved a better fate. We're playing good enough to win.
“There is a belief in (the locker room). There were good vibes that were positive. We'll still here and putting on our skates.”
Sheenboro DORIS RANGER 819-689-2132 dranger50@hotmail.com
Our condolences and deepest sympathies go out to the Béchamp family of Chapeau on the passing of Judy. They were the daughter of the late Rene and Rita Béchamp.
Birthday greetings and best wishes go out to Jessica Deanne Sullivan on Oct. 2. Cousins, Brett McDonald and Donovan Sullivan on Oct. 7 and also Brent Haynes on Oct. 8.
This article is available only to subscribers to THE EQUITY (home delivery or online) who have registered for the News Alerts Service. If you have already registered for THE EQUITY's News Alerts Service, please log in here. If you wish to register for the News Alerts Service, you may register below. (For online subscribers please use the same email address used for your online subscription.)
Existing Users Log In Email Password Remember Me
Champions League: Salah takes Liverpool closer to final
The Egyptian scored two goals and had two assists.
The post Champions League: Salah takes Liverpool closer to final appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
B-T-S PHOTOS: Popcaan's “My Story” Featuring Davido
OBO and FALL singer, Davido, is currently in Jamaica to shoot visuals to their major collaboration with Jamaican deejay, singer and songwriter, Popcaan. Both acts who are currently in Jamaica have released behind the scene photos (B-T-S) of the shoot. This comes a few days after both Davido and Olamide featured on visuals to Wale's hit tune […]
This post was syndicated from Jaguda.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The World Cup kicks off next month in Russia.
The United States didn't qualify, but here in New York it's easy enough to switch loyalties — for every nation in the tournament, there is a devoted expat community somewhere in the city. And if you want to watch the World Cup with the locals, you go to the bars, restaurants and bodegas in which they gather.
Where, exactly? That's where we'd like your help.
We're looking for venues in the five boroughs where enthusiastic football supporters gather. Maybe it's a Serbian restaurant in Flushing. A Saudi Arabian hookah bar in the Bronx. Or a Japanese sushi chef's backyard in Bay Ridge.
Let us know who you'll be cheering for and the best place to watch your team, using the form below. We may pay it a visit during our coverage of the tournament.
The true story of the German princess, who didn't live to see their son marry the British monarch
Who was Prince Albert's mother?
Princess Louise of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg, was just 16 years old when they married Ernest III, Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld in 1817, five years after their intended marriage to a Russian grand-duchess had been called off.
Advertisement
The pair had two children, Ernest (who inherited their father's lands and title) and Albert, who married Queen Victoria and became Prince Consort of the United Kingdom.
In a memorandum, Queen Victoria described Louise and Ernest's marriage as an unhappy one, and the story goes that both of Albert's parents engaged in extramarital affairs.
Did Albert's mother really run away with their father's equerry?
As Albert tells Victoria in episode four of the ITV drama, Louise was alleged to have had an affair with Alexander von Hanstein, one of their husband's equerries (the person charged with taking care of the royal house's horses). They separated from Albert's father and went into exile in 1824.
Louise moved to St Wendel in the Principality of Lichtenberg (now located in Saarland in south west Germany), a territory that had been given to Ernest in recognition of their efforts in the Napoleonic Wars, and never saw their children again.
Albert's parents divorced in 1826, and with the marriage officially dissolved Louise then married their former lover, Von Hanstein (the equerry Albert mentions).
How did Prince Albert's mother die?
They became quite the figure in Lichtenberg, even being dubbed the Landesmutter (mother of the land) in the region, but sadly died of cancer there in 1831.
Charles Grey, who compiled a biography of Albert under instruction from Victoria in 1867, wrote that the Prince never forgot their mother, and spoke of them with “much tenderness and sorrow”.
“One of the first gifts they made to the Queen was a little pin they had received from them when a little child.”
Advertisement
Albert and Victoria named their fourth daughter – and sixth child – Louise, in memory of their grandmother.
ROCKWALL, Texas (WFLA) — A high school soccer coach in Texas has been placed on leave after a team photo surfaced that some are calling offensive.
The photo shows Marco Duran, the varsity girls soccer coach at Rockwall Heath High School, and their team posing with their middle fingers up.
“Even if the kids are 18, that should not be happening in school at all,” one parent, Todd Christian, said. “I believe the man should be fired on the spot.”
Coach Duran, who is also a sign language teacher, is now on paid leave per district policy. According to the school's website, they have been a coach and a teacher for 16 years.
“I would have to say looking at the photo and looking at the man smiling they absolutely had to not be using judgment,” Christian said.
Many parents agree with Christian, saying they're upset about the picture. And even the parents who said it was much ado about nothing admitted they questioned the coach's judgment.
“Because of course, social media, everybody sees everything,” parent Ashanti Wright said. “All it takes is one post and it's gone everywhere. Obviously, they didn't care enough about their job or their students to not let them post something like that.”
Others weighed in on social media, according to CNN affiliate KTVT, and defended the coach saying they photobombed the picture and didn't know what the girls were doing with their hands.
The school says it's also taken action against the students in the photo, but did not say what the action was.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. (AP) - A Florida judge sometimes wears yoga clothes under their black robe.
At noon on the last Friday of every month, Duval County Judge Eleni Derkie strips off the robe and heads to the front lawn of Jacksonville's courthouse where they lead a yoga class that's free to anyone who shows up.
The Florida Times-Union (http://bit.ly/2ppjvXJ ) reports Derke has taught yoga since 2014 but says their counterparts in the legal profession aren't always the easiest converts.
Courtroom bailiffs sometimes tease her, but Derke says yoga provides a few moments of peace during an otherwise stressful day. Sometimes, she's even been known to urge jurors to stretch and take deep breaths during lengthy trials.
She'll continue the classes this year until the weather gets too hot.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Our lives just got "flipped-turned upside down" as the Prince of a town called Bel-Air has teamed up with James Corden for an episode of Carpool Karaoke.
Will Smith hasn't forgotten any of the words as they rap along to the theme from their 90s sitcom The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, with a gleeful Corden at the wheel.
The extended trailer for the Apple Music show also reveals how the tech giant will be adapting Carpool Karaoke, capitalising on Corden's success with the format on their US chat show.
Showrunners have put other celebrities in the driving seat to take Corden's place, pairing Ariana Grande and Seth MacFarlane, Michael Strahan and Jeff Gordon, Blake Shelton and Chelsea Handler, John Cena and Shaquille O'Neal, and Billy Eichner and Metallica.
Carpool Karaoke will span 16 half-hour episodes and take things beyond the vehicle as the celebs head to laundromats, bars, doughnut shops, supermarkets and helicopters (for a performance of "I Believe I Can Fly" by Smith and Corden that actually takes place in the sky).
There's no release date for the standalone series just yet – but the trailer promises it is "coming soon".
WASHINGTON — Outgoing Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is meeting with CIA Director Mike Pompeo, the man President Donald Trump has chosen to replace him.
A State Department official says that Tillerson and Pompeo were sitting down at the department's headquarters in Foggy Bottom. The official wasn't authorized to comment by name and demanded anonymity.
It's the first known meeting between the two men since Trump fired Tillerson on Twitter and announced they were nominating Pompeo to replace him.
Pompeo also plans to meet Monday with Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker of Tennessee. Corker's committee will eventually vote on whether to confirm Pompeo before their nomination goes to the full Senate.
Tillerson has already handed over all authorities to their deputy but remains secretary in name only until March 31.
Anambra: Recession Will Not Affect My People – Gov Obiano
MyNaijaInfo.com
Anambra Gov, Obiano's New Year Message. Anambra State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano has reassured Ndi Anambra that No Citizen in the State shall feel the impact of the Country's present Economic recession in 2017. The Silverbird Man of the Year who disclosed this in their 2017 new Year Message has promised that the state economy would remain robust and viable in the new year, saying this would be guaranteed by the strategic steps their administration was taking in injecting a lot of resources into the system. These, they noted, include the economic palliatives announced last year to give the very low income earners in the state some financial respite, the N20 million per community choose-your-project initiative, and the numerous investments being attracted across the various sectors amongst others. ALSO SEE: See What Christians in Kaduna Did After Fulani Herdsmen Killings Gov Obiano assured that as soon as the 2017 budget was approved, Communities in the State would begin to benefit from another round of the N20 million per community choose-your-project development initiative. They pointed out that their administration had in the year's budget estimate which it presented to the House of Assembly, multiplied the amount it budgeted for Agriculture in the […]
The post Anambra: Recession Will Not Affect My People – Gov Obiano appeared first on Nigeria News, Gist, Politics & Information Website – MyNaijaInfo.
This post was syndicated from Nigeria News, Gist, Politics & Information Website – MyNaijaInfo. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Steve Blakely comes to AFSC after a 40 year career in the finance sector
NEW CEO - Steve Blakely will take over as AFSC CEO starting May 1st. Todd Colin Vaughan/Lacombe Express
Agriculture Financial Services Corporation (AFSC) recently introduced Steve Blakely as their new Chief Executive Officer.
Blakely comes to AFSC — a provincial crown corporation that provides loans, crop insurance and farm income disaster assistance to Albertan producers, agribusinesses and other small business — after 40 years of financial industry experience including the role of President of CEO at Servus Credit Union and President and CEO of Credit Union Deposit Guarantee Corporation of Alberta.
“I eagerly anticipate working with the team at AFSC to build upon recent strategies put in place by the Board of Directors aimed at building a strong, growing, diversified agriculture and agri-food sector in Alberta,” Blakely said in a press release.
Blakely will begin their tenure on May 1st and will begin acting on the Board of Director's mandates which is to support policy development and lead the executive team in responding to operation issues and challenges while sticking AFSC strategic plans.
“The lending mandate is going to be critical for us here and will change the way we do things,” Blakely said. “It will be very welcomed and positive thing for the agricultural community.
“The focus I really want to get a handle on is the strengthening of the core business of AFSC in the Province of Alberta and that includes things like making sure we are responsible with funds from the Government.”
AFSC Board Chair said that Blakely's career in finance is what made them stand out during their selection process.
“AFSC is committed to investing in Alberta by providing our clients the products they need to manage risk and grow their operations,” they said. “Steve's strong financial background will ensure Alberta agricultural producers are receiving the support and services needed to strengthen and grow rural Alberta.”
Blakely said AFSC will continue to function as it has in the past.
“It is a very well-run organization with an extremely good board,” they said. “For me it, it is about enacting what the board has put in. It is about taking it to the levels that the new board has chosen.”
They emphasized that their mandate will continue to be in line with the direction set by the Province of Alberta.
Minister of Agriculture and Forestry Oneil Carlier said in a release that having solid leadership is key at AFSC.
“We are building on an economic recovery that lasts and works for everyone and AFSC plays an important role. The Corporation provides insurance and lending programs to producers and rural-based entrepreneurs and, with its leadership overhaul now complete, I look forward to continued support for economic development in rural Alberta,” they said
Blakely added, “I am delighted to be back in Alberta. I spent a lot of my career here and I is really exciting to come to AFSC.”
editor@lacombeexpress.com
Like us on facebook athttps://www.facebook.com/Lacombeexpress/
and follow us on Twitter at https://twitter.com/lacombeexpress.
SAN ANTONIO — A Texas judge has ordered a comprehensive psychological evaluation of a former nurse convicted of killing a toddler and giving an overdose to an infant who survived.
Genene Jones is charged with killing four other babies and awaits trial on a murder charge for the death of 11-month-old Joshua Sawyer in December 1981. Them attorneys requested the evaluation in the hope of supporting Jones' claims of diminished capacity because of strokes and their assertion that they hear phantom voices.
Authorities suspect Jones, who's 67, is responsible for the deaths of as many as 60 children. She's served decades in prison since their first murder conviction in 1984 and was to be released last March, but Bexar (bayr) County prosecutors obtained indictments charging them with murder in four other infant deaths.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
One person is in the hospital after a shooting in central Toledo early Thursday morning.
The incident occurred on the 1300 block of Fitchland Avenue around 3 a.m.
Police say a 54-year-old man was shot in their side and transported to the hospital by life squad.
Police say the man will be okay but is not being cooperative with the officers.
They don't believe the man lived on Fitchland Avenue.
The shooting is believed to have been very close to a home which police raided two weeks ago.
No one has been arrested.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Italy bosses confirm Ancelotti talks, insist no front-runner – Vanguard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LONDON, Ont. — Chris Merchant threw for 300 yards and two touchdowns as the No. 4 Western Mustangs crushed the Carleton Ravens 51-14 on Friday night in U Sports football action.
The win secured Western (7-0) top spot in the Ontario University Athletics conference standings. The Mustangs will receive a bye into the conference semifinals and have home-field advantage throughout the post-season.
Merchant finished 20 of 34 and was intercepted twice.
Alex Taylor ran for 142 yards on 15 carries with one touchdown. It's their third consecutive 100-plus yard game. They also caught four passes for 50 yards and one score. Cedric Joseph added two rushing TDs after carrying the ball 10 times for 81 yards.
Michael Arruda completed 17-of-31 passes for 193 yards and a touchdown for Carleton (2-4).
If there's one thing casual photographers are guilty of, it's leaving their images on a memory card. Sure, memory card capacities are so large that you may never have to offload them, but they end up becoming digital graveyards for your photos and videos. Canon has created a new device, called the Connect Station, that's designed to put all that content on the big screen, and share it. The company debuted the new product category at the 2015 International CES Show.
First previewed at Photokina in 2014 (codenamed Cross Media Station), the Connect Station CS100 ($300) is essentially a network-attached storage (NAS) device, a 1TB portable hard drive connected to a home network that lets you archive, display, and share images and videos taken with a digital camera and camcorder.
Updated on February 14, 2017: Canon issued a firmware update that adds support for non-Canon cameras, improves smartphone compatibility, and allows for playback of videos that have been edited on a computer, making the device a bit more flexible.
Updated on July 14, 2016: Canon released a new mobile app for the CS100 that would allow users to view and back-up images from their phones or tablets. This article, originally published on January 5, 2015, has been updated to reflect the changes.
The idea for such a product isn't new, as there are other similar media storage and sharing drives available (in fact, Canon had a prototype of it five years ago, although that early version used different technologies). But the CS100, with near-field communication (NFC) and Wi-Fi built in, was designed to help Canon camera and camcorder owners get content off their media cards and give them a viewing experience they can enjoy.
The CS100 is a standalone product that doesn't require a computer to function, although it does need to be connected to a TV in order to view content and menus; it supports Full HD displays via HDMI. To add content, you can transfer photos and videos wirelessly from Wi-Fi-enabled Canon cameras and camcorders (NFC helps to facilitate the pairing and download processes quickly); directly off an SD or Compact Flash card through the built-in card reader; or from a compatible camera or flash drive through the USB port. Although it uses the 802.11n Wi-Fi protocol, it's much faster to insert a memory card. The CS100 also has a mobile app (iOS and Android) that supports viewing and transferring of photos on smartphones and tablets.
The CS100's onscreen display has an Apple TV-like menu system that you navigate through with the included remote control. As it is storing content, the CS100 automatically organizes photos and videos, and weeds out duplicates. What's unique about the CS100 is it supports unprocessed RAW images from Canon's advanced compacts and DSLRs, in addition to JPEG, MP4, MOV, and AVCHD file formats.
If the CS100 is connected to the Internet (Wi-Fi only), you can upload and download content to and from the device from smartphones, tablets, or computers (via a Web browser). You can also share content with other authorized CS100s via Canon's Image Gateway online service. Image Gateway also lets you share content from a CS100 to social networking sites Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Flickr, and Dropbox, as well as through email. Wi-Fi can also be used to connect to certain Canon Pixma and Selphy printers to print images.
With the Connect Station app, you can browse on TV the images stored on the phone, as well as upload and download images to/from the Connect Station with the drag-and-drop method (the phone or tablet must be connected to the same Wi-Fi network as the Connect Station). Canon says the Connect Station can save more than 1,000 images at one time, and it will remember what you've already downloaded. However, the Connect Station does not support video file transfers, nor Canon RAW (CR2) files.
The 1TB might seem like a lot, but content like images and videos – especially RAW ones – can take up space in no time. The hard drive, however, isn't expandable, nor will there be higher capacity versions at launch. However, you can back up the content to another hard drive via USB, to make room.
The CS100 aims to please those looking for an easy solution to save and share content from their Canon cameras, like grandparents. But, at $300, it's priced a bit high. And unlike media-centric devices like Apple TV, features are limited and there are no additional functionalities like Netflix streaming.
Buy on Amazon Buy on Walmart
Some Mississippi officials are denouncing white nationalist violence that killed one person and injured several others during the weekend in Virginia.
“Those who practice the extremist ideals of neo-Nazism or white supremacy have no place in Mississippi. I condemn these groups in the strongest possible terms,” Republican Gov. Phil Bryant said Monday on Facebook. “I have been in communication with state law enforcement leadership, and they stand ready to protect our citizens from the type of cowardly terrorism we saw in Virginia.”
Neo-Nazis, skinheads, Ku Klux Klan members other white supremacists were in Charlottesville, Virginia, protesting the city's decision to remove a Confederate monument. An Ohio man is charged with second-degree murder after authorities say they drove a car into counter-protesters, killing a Virginia woman and injuring other people.
Republican U.S. Sen. Roger Wicker of Mississippi called the violence “an outrage.”
“I condemn the white supremacists and the neo-Nazis that engaged in violence,” Sen. Roger Wicker told reporters Monday in Jackson before speaking at a chamber of commerce breakfast.
Rep. Bennie Thompson of Mississippi, the top Democrat on the House Homeland Security Committee, said Sunday that the “extremist activity in Charlottesville was terrorism.”
“If Muslim men were the aggressors, my Republican colleagues would be decrying an act of terror,” Thompson said in a statement.
Republican Rep. Gregg Harper of Mississippi, who attended Wicker's speech Monday, said the violence is “absolutely unacceptable and not part of what America is about.”
338LM Pressure Signs? Loading 338LM for a Savage 112 Magnum Target and I'm seeing flattened primers relatively early on, much before any sticky bolt. With these higher pressure cartridges, are flattened primers not the best indicators? Just due to soft primers?
H1000, 88gr
300gr SMK seated to 0.020" off the lands (3.690 COAL; 0.030" off the lands)
New Lapua brass
Winchester WLRM primers
For the above load data, I'm getting a very consistent 2690 ft/s out of a 26" 1:10 barrel. Even at 83gr I've seen flattened primers, and saw sticky bolt at 90gr with minor cratering. Never seen ejector marks though.
I'd rather get a consistent and accurate load than punish the brass & barrel for that extra 100ft/s and I know you do your own load development (and for good reason), but I'm just curious as to how plenty of people are doing 92gr and up.
Thanks for any advice.
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the “activate now” button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
Comment:
Name:
Buffalo Bills general manager Doug Whaley told reporters Monday that they were not “privy to the details” from the team's ownership regarding Rex Ryan's firing last month.
Whaley added that team owners Terry and Kim Pegula didn't ask for their input before the Bills decided to let go of Ryan before the team's regular-season finale.
“I was told by my boss that I will no longer be working with Rex,” Whaley said.
Whaley told reporters that Ryan, who went 15-17 in Buffalo, had asked to speak to ownership privately then the GM was informed of the decision after that meeting.
#Bills GM Doug Whaley: Rex asked to speak to Pegula privately, and I was then informed that Rex was no longer our head coach. — Joe Buscaglia (@JoeBuscaglia) January 2, 2017
Whaley went on to say that they assumed no responsibility in Ryan's hiring in February 2015 and added that they haven't “even thought about” if they agreed or disagreed with the former head coach's firing.
#Bills GM Doug Whaley said “I haven't even thought about it” if they agreed or disagreed on the Rex Ryan firing. My goodness gracious. — Joe Buscaglia (@JoeBuscaglia) January 2, 2017
#Bills GM Doug Whaley is assuming no responsibilities in either the hiring or firing of Rex Ryan. This is something else. — Joe Buscaglia (@JoeBuscaglia) January 2, 2017
The Bills said last week that Whaley would be in charge of the current head-coaching search, but Whaley said Monday that the Pegulas will ultimately have the final say. Bills offensive coordinator Anthony Lynn, who took over as interim head coach for Week 17, is reportedly one of the candidates for the job.
#Bills GM Doug Whaley: The Pegulas make the final decision on whom the next head coach is. — Joe Buscaglia (@JoeBuscaglia) January 2, 2017
Whaley's denials were so prevalent during the news conference it was cut into a quasi-highlight reel.
They aren't privy to the conversation pic.twitter.com/j2j4Vc2sPc — Matthew Bové (@Matt_Bove) January 2, 2017
The conflicting messaging only adds to the perceived dysfunction in Buffalo, which hasn't reached the playoffs since 1999.
By The Associated Press
PREP FOOTBALL
Adams Central 46, Bluffton 0
Angola 24, Garrett 6
Attica 44, Clinton Central 0
Avon 41, Zionsville 0
Batesville 29, Franklin Co. 22
Bedford N. Lawrence 49, Madison 0
Brownsburg 41, Noblesville 10
Brownstown 28, Silver Creek 7
Center Grove 16, Lawrence North 0
Churubusco 35, W. Noble 13
Columbus East 48, Jeffersonville 7
Corydon 49, Clarksville 20
Cov. Catholic, Ky. 30, Indpls Chatard 7
Covenant Christian 28, Traders Point Christian 12
DeKalb 15, Bellmont 14
E. Noble 42, New Haven 21
Eastbrook 55, Alexandria 7
Eastern (Greene) 35, Linton 12
Eastside 21, Central Noble 7
Floyd Central 48, Jennings Co. 21
Greenwood 12, Franklin 10
Hagerstown 47, Union City 20
Heritage Christian 45, Indpls Howe 12
Homestead 35, Ft. Wayne Wayne 6
Indian Creek 34, Cloverdale 0
Indpls Ben Davis 42, Lawrence Central 7
Indpls Brebeuf 30, Hamilton Southeastern 0
Indpls Scecina 27, Indpls Ritter 14
Jimtown 28, Bremen 13
Lafayette Harrison 24, Kokomo 7
Lafayette Jeff 50, Logansport 0
Lakeland 34, Fairfield 7
Lapel 42, Tri-Central 20
Lawrenceburg 49, Connersville 7
Manchester 28, Rochester 26
Milan 29, Providence 12
Milan 29, Providence Cristo Rey 12
Mishawaka 38, Mishawaka Marian 14
Monroe Central 54, Anderson Prep Academy 0
N. Central (Farmersburg) 41, Wood Memorial 2
N. Decatur 40, Switzerland Co. 2
N. Knox 58, N. Daviess 42
N. Montgomery 35, Frankfort 6
N. Newton 42, N. White 14
N. Putnam 10, Greencastle 0
New Prairie 49, Glenn 0
Northfield 64, Whitko 6
Northridge 28, Concord 21
Northview 63, S. Putnam 6
Oak Hill 43, Madison-Grant 0
Paoli 32, Mitchell 8
Penn 40, Elkhart Central 3
Peru 43, N. Miami 21
Pioneer 55, Culver 7
Plainfield 50, Whiteland 47
Plymouth 41, Goshen 21
S. Bend Adams 26, S. Bend Washington 21
S. Bend Riley 69, S. Bend Clay 0
S. Dearborn 42, Rushville 21
S. Vermillion 28, Seeger 0
Salem 44, Charlestown 8
Shenandoah 67, Eastern Hancock 13
Southridge 58, Pike Central 8
Southwood 45, Maconaquah 7
Sullivan 41, W. Vigo 13
Tipton 17, Cass 13
Tri 25, Winchester 22
Tri-West 42, Crawfordsville 12
Warren Central 35, Carmel 14
Warsaw 31, NorthWood 29
Wawasee 7, Elkhart Memorial 6
Western 42, Hamilton Hts. 14
Winamac 47, Caston 8
Woodlan 25, S. Adams 3
Some high school football scores provided by Scorestream.com, https://scorestream.com/
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BANGOR, Maine — Duson Majstorovic and Isaiah White each scored 20 points and provided the force as Maine celebrated Star Wars Day with a 104-51 trouncing of Division III University of Maine at Machias on Sunday afternoon.
The win was the Black Bears' fourth victory over an in-state rival, including an exhibition win over Division III Husson University. Maine's three wins in 11 games all have come against in-state competition, posting wins over Saint Joseph's College of Maine and the University of Maine, Presque Isle.
The Black Bears shot 34 of 69 from the field (49.3 per cent), including 12 of 34 from behind the 3-point arc.
Danny Evans and Aaron Calixte each added 13 points for Maine, which takes a week off before facing Saint Joseph's Sunday in Philadelphia.
Darius Clark and Travonne Thompson led Maine-Machias with 16 and 14 points, respectively. The Clippers converted just 1 of 13 shots from behind the arc.
Trump: Gunman who shot senior U.S. lawmaker has died
U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday said in remarks from the White House that the gunman who opened fire at a congressional baseball practice has died of their injuries after a shootout with the police.
Trump praised the Capitol police and local law enforcement who responded to the shooting in Alexandria, Virginia.
“We do well in times like these to remember that everyone who serves in the nation's capital is here because above all they love our country.
“The Republicans' Majority Whip Steve Scalise, who was wounded in the shooting along with several others, was a good friend and patriot.
“America is praying for you and America is praying for all the victims of the terrible shooting,” Trump said.
The assailant has been identified as James Hodgkinson.
Scalise was shot at a congressional baseball practice just outside of Washington.
Officials said that several other people were also wounded.
Trump said Scalise “was badly wounded and is now in stable condition.”
The post Trump: Gunman who shot senior U.S. lawmaker has died appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Amazon Must Ensure its ‘PRIME' Credentials by Keeping its HQ Out of Anti-LGBTQ States
Looking for something to stream while you Netflix and chill? Check out our picks for new films streaming this month below, including Tom of Finland, Wonder Woman and more.
Mermaids (1990), available on Hulu and Amazon Feb. 1
Winona, Ricci and Cher, oh my! The fabulous Flax women are at the heart of this charming film based on Patty Dann's 1986 novel.
Beach Rats (2017), available on Hulu Feb. 5
This critical darling follows the teenage misadventures of a young Brooklyn man as they navigate friends, relationships, drugs and sex. Although Frankie (Harris Dickinson) has sex with men, they don't identify as gay or bi and has a girlfriend. How long can they keep it up?
Wonder Woman (2017), available Feb. 10 on HBO
What's better than watching Nazis get punched in the face? Watching Gal Gadot punch Nazis while saving cinema's hottest damsel in distress, Chris Pine. The best flick to hit the DC Extended Universe hits HBO this month.
Tom of Finland (2017), available on Hulu Feb. 12
Get the story behind Touko Laaksonen, known as the artist Tom of Finland, famous for their homoerotic portraits of big, burly, mustachioed men in this biopic.
Dismissed (2017), available on Netflix Feb. 19
The other Sprouse, Dylan, (Cole is Riverdale's Jughead), takes the lead in the latest twisted-teens-go-psycho thriller. This time it's an overachiever whose need to succeed drives them into some dark doings.
All films coming to Netflix
Available Feb. 1
3,000 Miles to Graceland
42 Grams
Aeon Flux
American Pie
American Pie 2
American Pie Presents: Band Camp
American Pie Presents: The Book of Love
American Pie Presents: The Naked Mile
Ella Enchanted
Extract
GoodFellas
How the Beatles Changed the World
The Hurt Locker
John Mellencamp: Plain Spoken
Kill Bill: Vol. 1
Kill Bill: Vol. 2
Lara Croft: Tomb Raider
Liberated: The New Sexual Revolution
Meet the Fockers
Meet the Parents
Men in Black
National Parks Adventure
Ocean's Eleven
Ocean's Twelve
Ocean's Thirteen
Paint It Black
Scream 3
Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story
Available Feb. 2
Cabin Fever
On Body and Soul
Available Feb. 8
6 Days
The Emoji Movie
Available Feb. 9
Seeing Allred
The Ritual
The Trader (Sovdagari)
When We First Met
Available Feb. 14
Love Per Square Foot
Available Feb. 16
Evan Almighty
Irreplaceable You
Available Feb. 17
Blood Money
Available Feb. 19
Dismissed
Fullmetal Alchemist
Available Feb. 21
The Bachelors
Forgotten
Lincoln
Available Feb. 23
Mute
Available Feb. 24
Jeepers Creepers 3
Available Feb. 26
Heyday of the Insensitive Bastards
People You May Know
Winnie
All films coming to Hulu
Available Feb. 1
A Date for Mad Mary
A Fish Called Wanda
Agent Cody Banks
Agent Cody Banks 2: Destination London
Akeelah and the Bee
Amélie
American Idiots
The Animal
An Officer and a Gentleman
Asterix & Obelix: Mission Cleopatre
The Benchwarmers
Black Spurs
Blazing Saddles
Casi Divas
Charm School
Confessions of a Dangerous Mind
The Cutting Edge
The Cutting Edge: Going for the Gold
Daybreakers
Gang Related
The Good the Bad and the Ugly
The Goods: Live Hard, Sell Hard
Hannah Montana & Miley Cyrus: Best of Both Worlds
Harsh Times
The Haunting
They Said, They Said
Hoodlum
The Hurt Locker
Intersection
Keeping Up With the Steins
Larry the Cable Guy: Health Inspector
Lulu on the Bridge
Manhattan
Manhunter
Mermaids
Michael
Mystic Pizza
Nine Queens
Perfect Stranger
Red Dawn
Redline
Rollerball (1975)
Rollerball (2002)
Frailty
Running Scared
Rustlers' Rhapsody
Sabrina
Sin City
Slow Burn
The Spirit
The Swan Princess: A Royal Family Tale)
The Swan Princess: Princess Tomorrow, Pirate Today
The Swan Princess: Royally Undercover
Swimming With Sharks
Terms of Endearment
The Thaw
The Warriors
Things You Can Tell Just by Looking at Them
Available Feb. 4
My Dead Boyfriend
Available Feb. 5
Beach Rats
The Challenge
Weiner
Available Feb. 6
Charged: The Eduardo Garcia Story
Danica
The 60-Yard Line
Available Feb. 7
A Taxi Driver
Available Feb. 11
Lucky
Run the Tide
Available Feb. 12
Honeymoon
It Happened in LA
The Two Faces of January
Tom of Finland
Available Feb. 13
Christmas in the Heartland
Drinksgiving
Available Feb. 14
National Lampoon Presents Cattle Call
Star Trek
Available Feb. 15
28 Hotel Rooms
An Ideal Husband
Birthday Girl
Fresh
Gunnin' for That #1 Spot
Monogamy
Next
Rebirth
The Exploding Girl
Available Feb. 18
Pocket Listing
Thanks for Sharing
Available Feb. 19
White Bird in a Blizzard
Available Feb. 20
Above Ground Level: Dubfire
Available Feb. 21
Once Upon a Time
The Villainess
Available Feb. 23
Detroit
Available Feb. 26
Love Is Thicker Than Water
Available Feb. 27
Alien Psychosis
All films coming to HBO
Available Feb. 1
American Black Film Festival Short Film Competition Finalists: Amelia's Closet, Gema, Plaquemines, See You Yesterday, We Love Moses
Adam Sandler's Eight Crazy Nights
Alien (Director's Cut)
Aliens
Alien 3
Alien Resurrection
AVP: Alien vs. Predator
Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle (Unrated Version)
Diner
E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial
Freaky Friday
Glory Road
The Hand That Rocks the Cradle
Johnson Family Vacation
Man on the Moon
National Security
Predator
Predator 2
Romeo and Juliet
Scott Pilgrim vs. the World
West Side Story
Desayuno con Tiffany (a.k.a. Breakfast With Tiffany)
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Long Haul
The 9th Life of Louis Drax
Available Feb. 2
Samba (a.k.a Sandbag)
Available Feb. 3
Gifted
Available Feb. 7
Ouija: Origin of Evil
Available Feb. 9
Mamá se fue de viaje (a.k.a. Ten Days Without Mom)
Available Feb. 10
Wonder Woman
Available Feb. 12
Atomic Homefront
Available Feb. 17
The House
Available Feb. 24
Notes From the Field
All films coming to Amazon
Available Feb. 1
American Idiots
Black Spurs
The Cutting Edge
The Cutting Edge: Going for the Gold
Daybreakers
A Fish Called Wanda
Gang Related
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
The Goods: Live Hard, Sell Hard
Harsh Times
The Haunting
They Said, They Said
Hoodlum
Intersection
Larry the Cable Guy: Health Inspector
Lulu on the Bridge
Manhattan
Manhunter
Mermaids
Mystic Pizza
An Officer and a Gentleman
Red Dawn
Rollerball (2002)
Rollerball (1975)
Running Scared
Rustlers' Rhapsody
Sabrina
Slow Burn
Swimming with Sharks
Terms of Endearment
The Thaw
Things You Can Tell Just by Looking at Them
The Warriors
Available Feb. 2
My Dead Boyfriend
Available Feb. 6
Danica
Available Feb. 8
Mother's Day
Available Feb. 10
Breathe
No Stone Unturned
Available Feb. 11
Good Time
Run the Tide
Available Feb. 13
The Ballad of Lefty Brown
Stinky & Dirty Valentine's Day Special
Available Feb. 14
National Lampoon Presents Cattle Call
Star Trek
Available Feb. 16
Logan Lucky
Available Feb. 18
Pocket Listing
Thanks for Sharing
WARSAW, Poland — The powerful leader of Poland's ruling party said Saturday that the president should approve a divisive bill that criminalizes certain statements about the Holocaust.
Jaroslaw Kaczynski told Poland's state radio that the bill — which has ignited a bitter dispute with Israel — is being misunderstood.
It penalizes anyone who blames Poles as a nation for the World War II crimes committed by Nazi Germany in occupied Poland. Some six million Polish citizens, half of them Jews, were killed under the Nazi occupation, in death camps, ghettos, prisons and other circumstances.
Although the bill exempts artistic and research work, Israel and the United States say the proposed law would infringe on free speech about the Holocaust.
Kaczynski said the bill “is being interpreted totally wrong.” They said it penalizes accusing Poles as a nation but not “someone who says that somewhere, in some village, some place, a Jewish family or one Jewish person was murdered.”
“I'm saying this with pain and regret and with a sense of shame but such things did happen and we never denied that,” Kaczynski said.
Polish President Andrzej Duda has just under three weeks to either sign the bill into law, send it back to parliament, or send it to the constitutional Tribunal, which would check its constitutionality. They have spoken in its support.
German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said Saturday that Poland can rely on their country to condemn distortions of history, such as referring to Nazi camps in occupied Poland as “Polish concentration camps.”
Gabriel said “this organized mass murder was carried out by our country and no one else. Individual collaborators change nothing about that.”
They also spoke in defence of free speech for Holocaust witnesses, saying that is needed for the full appraisal of history that can bring reconciliation.
Syrian opposition activists say an airstrike has killed at least eight people in an eastern town that borders Iraq.
The activists say the airstrike late Monday in Boukamal was most likely carried out by the U.S.-led coalition that has been targeting the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq.
Airstrikes by the U.S.-led coalition have killed dozens of civilians over the past several weeks as the battle against the extremists intensifies.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Tuesday that the airstrike killed 13 civilians, including women and children, as well as three IS fighters.
Opposition activist Omar Abu Laila, who is from the province where the strike took place and currently lives in Europe, said eight people were killed, including an Iraqi family of four.
St. Catharines city councillors want to know how much Niagara Peninsula Conservation Authority spent on suing a retired Air Force major.
Council unanimously passed a motion by St. Andrew's Coun. Joe Kushner Monday to request the NPCA board disclose the total amount spent on the lawsuits against St. Catharines resident Ed Smith.
“The authority continues to be problematic,” Kushner said.
“For a public body to sue a citizen is reprehensible and also an inappropriate use of tax dollars.”
Judge James Ramsay dismissed NPCA's defamation suit against Smith on Nov. 23, saying NPCA had no right as a government agency to sue a citizen for criticizing it.
That included a $100,000 suit against Smith filed by NPCA and a $100,000 suit jointly filed by its former CAO, Carmen D'Angelo.
NPCA said it would not disclose its legal costs in the Smith case when asked by The Standard after the judgment came out.
In an emailed statement, NPCA said at the time court costs are protected by attorney-client privilege and freedom of information safeguards.
But Kushner asked the city's solicitor at the Nov. 27 council meeting what the city's position would be under similar circumstances. Council was told the details of legal invoices, accounts, dates and specific work performed is subject to solicitor-client privilege, but total cost is not.
“What we're asking as the major contributor is that there be accountability and transparency,” Kushner said Monday. “We're asking them to do exactly the same thing that we would do.”
Council's request is based on the fact St. Catharines residents contribute about $1.7 million annually to NPCA, making the city the largest contributor of public funds to NPCA via Niagara Region.
Port Dalhousie Coun. Carlos Garcia asked that the motion be sure to include the suit by the then-CAO. As well, that the Region, MPPs, Niagara municipalities, Hamilton and Haldimand County be notified of council's request, as well as the premier and the province's minister of natural resources and forestry, auditor general and ombudsman.
On Oct. 25, Ontario's auditor general was directed to conduct a comprehensive audit of the conservation authority when the all-party provincial public accounts committee passed a motion by Welland NDP MPP Cindy Forster.
Mayor Walter Sendzik told city council the auditor general of Ontario will commence its audit of NPCA today.
kwalter@postmedia.com
Follow @karena_standard
MONTREAL — A man who threw a projectile at Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard at a vigil for victims of the Orlando massacre has pleaded guilty to assault charges.
Esteban Torres was charged after throwing the object at Couillard during a gathering in Montreal's gay village in June 2016 to pay homage to the 49 victims gunned down at a gay night club in Florida.
Torres, 20 at the time of the assault, spoke to the crowd and later tossed an object at the premier, who was not injured but was quickly taken from the area by their security team.
The object in question wasn't recovered, but Torres said at the time it was a ball of paper.
The young transgender rights activist had another charge of disturbing the peace conditionally stayed.
Torres returns to court on Oct. 20.
Zinedine Zidane has named a full 24-man squad to take to Germany for Wednesday's Champions League semi-final first leg at Bayern Munich, with Nacho Fernandez back from a hamstring injury.
Madrid travels to the Allianz Arena in underwhelming form having won just one of their last four matches across all competitions – a 2-1 victory over rock-bottom Malaga in LaLiga.
But Zidane's men have a tremendous record in the Champions League in recent years, having lifted the trophy in each of the last two seasons while the Frenchman was assistant to Carlo Ancelotti for the club's triumph over neighbours Atletico Madrid in 2014.
They met Bavaria in the quarter-finals last term and ultimately progressed 6-3 on aggregate, though they needed extra-time in the second leg to secure their passage.
Zidane will not be able to use injuries as an excuse if their side return to Madrid with an unsatisfactory result, as the Frenchman has a full selection available to him.
And they have opted to take their entire first-team squad with them to Bavaria, with Nacho – who suffered a hamstring strain on March 31 against Las Palmas – back in the frame once again.
SEATTLE (AP) Malachi Flynn scored eight of their 16 points in the final 2:13 and Washington State rallied in the closing moments for a 79-74 win over Washington on Sunday night.
Washington State (8-5, 1-0 Pac-12) closed the game on a 12-3 run thanks to Flynn and Josh Hawkinson. Trailing 71-67, Flynn and Hawkinson took over, combining to score the final 12 points for the Cougars and give them their first conference victory in nearly a calendar year.
Hawkinson finished with 26 points and eight rebounds, while Flynn made 6 of 10 shots and added six assists.
Markelle Fultz led Washington (7-6, 0-1) with 26 points, 11 assists and nine rebounds, falling just short of the first triple-double in Washington history. But after carrying Washington for most of the second half, Fultz went scoreless in the final 2 1/2 minutes.
Noah Dickerson added 19 points for the Huskies.
Washington led by as many as 13 in the first half, only to see Washington State surge in the opening moments of the second half. The Cougars scored the first 14 points of the half and built a 49-41 lead before David Crisp finally knocked down the Huskies first shot of the half.
Washington's rally was on the shoulders of Fultz. They spent the first 25 minutes getting others involved, before taking over to rally the Huskies. Fultz scored nine of 13 points during a 5 1/2 minute stretch to pull Washington even at 64-64 with 7:37 remaining after a layup by Dickerson.
Washington State briefly took a 67-66 lead after Hawkinson split a pair of free throws with 4:20 remaining, but Fultz's 17-footer with 3:22 remaining put the Huskies ahead 68-67. Less than a minute later, Fultz's 3-pointer over Hawkinson as the shot clock expired extended the lead to 71-67.
Flynn answered quickly with a driving layup and Hawkinson's basket underneath with 1:36 left pulled the Cougars even at 71-71.
Fultz turned the ball over on Washington's next possession and Flynn beat Crisp off a screen and scored with 48.6 remaining to give Washington State the lead. Fultz missed a driving layup with their left hand and rather than foul, Washington played out the remaining time. Flynn beat Dickerson off the dribble and scored at the rim with 13.9 seconds left for a four-point lead.
BIG PICTURE
Washington State: The Cougars snapped an eight-game losing streak in conference openers. Washington State's last conference opening victory came in the 2007-08 season when the Cougars beat Washington 56-52 in Seattle.
Washington: Fultz got little help from their supporting cast outside of Dickerson. Washington's other three starters – Crisp, Matisse Thybulle and Malik Dime – combined for just 18 points.
UP NEXT
Washington State: The Cougars face Oregon State in Spokane on Wednesday.
Washington: The Huskies host No. 21 Oregon on Wednesday.
POINT PLEASANT, W.Va. — Pleasant Valley Hospital (PVH) announces the Customer Service Employee of the Month for May 2018 is Dakota Imboden.
Imboden has been employed in our Cardio-Respiratory Therapy Department since February 2017 as a Registered Respiratory Therapist.
The Employee of the Month at Pleasant Valley Hospital is nominated for taking extra steps to provide excellent customer service to our patients and family members at Pleasant Valley Hospital.
Imboden was nominated for Employee of the Month by a fellow employee who witnessed them helping an elderly gentleman to a doctor's office on the second floor. Not only did they assist the patient with directions, they also explained to the patient that if they needed additional assistance when they were ready to leave, that the patient could have someone call the front desk to receive help on their way out.
According to a statement from PVH, “Dakota is an excellent example of the PVH Employee of the Month, and we are very grateful to have them on our team. In this recognition, they received a $100 check and a VIP parking space. They will also be eligible for the Customer Service Employee of the Year award with a chance for $500.”
Submitted by PVH.
It was the clean energy version of “Gentlemen, start your engines.”
Ten electric vehicle owners unholstered their chargers and plugged in at the urging of El Monte Union High School District Superintendent Edward Zuniga. Volts, Leafs, Bolts, C-Maxes and Teslas powered up using brand-new chargers located in the parking lot of South El Monte High School.
One of them was using the 1,000th electric charger installed under Southern California Edison's $22 million pilot program, Charge Ready.
The first charger was installed about a year ago in Lynwood, said Paul Griffo, SCE spokesperson. Since then, the public-private utility based in Rosemead has installed chargers at 60 sites within its service area, from libraries, city halls, schools, universities, workplaces, apartments and condominiums.
As soon as the utility reached the milestone, it announced it will apply in mid-June with the California Public Utility Commission for a second phase that could add tens of thousands of electric vehicle chargers, Griffo said.
“It will help move people to ditch gas and go electric,” said Caroline Choi, SCE senior vice president for regulatory affairs at the celebration Wednesday afternoon.
Homeowner rebates
In addition, SCE announced a rebate program for homeowners who would like to install Level 2, 240-volt electric chargers in their homes.
Edison is offering up to $1,500 to defray the infrastructure cost, including supplies and installation. The homeowner must buy the device.
Rebates will be about $500 for chargers without meters and the full rebate for systems with meters, said Katie Sloan, SCE's director of innovation, development and controls.
“We are reserving 50 percent of the funding for disadvantaged communities,” Sloan said.
The program will be limited to 4,000 SCE residential customers, they said. The program's goal is to help homeowners install vehicle chargers at their homes by defraying the cost of installation.
Stepping stone
Hector De La Torre, a member of the California Air Resources Board and resident of South Gate, praised the program as a stepping stone toward electrifying the state's transportation by replacing fossil fuels which cause air pollution and greenhouse gases, with electric or hydrogen-powered vehicles.
The effort is part of Gov. Jerry Brown's goal of seeing 1.5 million zero-emission vehicles on California roads by 2025 and 5 million by 2030, they said.
Today, there are 400,000 zero-emission vehicles in the state, they said.
“We are well on our way,” they told the audience of about 150 dignitaries and students.
By adding 1,000 EV chargers since the program kicked off in April 2016, Edison's efforts account for one-fifteenth of all the chargers in the state, about 15,000.
Brown and CARB want to increase the number of chargers to 100,000 by 2025, De La Torre said. To that end, the governor's budget sets aside $235 million for EV infrastructure. In the works from private companies are another 12,500 chargers, they said.
Transitioning from fossil fuels
Stephany Covarrubias, 17, a senior, said buying an electric car is something they want to do but cannot afford. They want to see the school switch from the electric grid to solar energy.
“I think this is a stepping stone to something bigger,” they said. “Like solar panels being installed in the parking lot.”
The school district plans on adding solar to the lot next year.
John Butler, acting deputy director of fuels and transportation for the California Energy Commission, told the audience the location of so many chargers will be a positive visual for electric cars in South El Monte.
“As students see these vehicles in the lot, the momentum to transform California's transportation sector from fossil fuels to clean-energy will continue to increase,” they said.
Hillary Wolfe, director of research and curriculum for the high school district, had just finished charging up their Ford C-Max and was trying to figure out how to re-holster the charge cord. They plan on charging up every day at work.
“I love that I don't have to budget for gasoline,” they said. “I love that it is not something I have to stop and do anymore.”
With their previous, internal combustion engine car, she'd wind up spending $500 a month on gasoline. Now she's spending a little more on electricity at home but realizing savings of several hundred dollars in fuel costs, they said.
The district has installed a total of 44 electric chargers at its high schools and district offices. Zuniga said the gates of the campuses will be left open after school lets out.
“So throughout the evening, anyone passing by can charge their vehicles.”
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – Youngstown water customers will share in a class action lawsuit.
A visiting judge ruled Monday that customers will get $28 each.
The lawsuit claimed that the city illegally used $4 million in surplus water funds for economic development.
Customers in Austintown, Canfield, Boardman, Youngstown and Liberty will get the payout.
Photos: Victor Lindelof arrives for Man Utd medical
Benfica defender Victor Lindelof has arrived at Manchester United's Carrington training ground to undergo a medical.
United announced over the weekend that they had agreed a deal to sign Lindelof. The 22-year-old centre-back arrived in Manchester this morning to finalise their move.
They had been on international duty with Sweden, who played out a 1-1 draw with Norway in Oslo last night, but is now available to complete the formalities of their transfer.
You can see them arriving at Carrington earlier this morning in the photos above.
HUBER HEIGHTS — Olivia Trice scored 16 points including a trio of 3-point goals to help lead the Wayne girls basketball team to a 53-37 victory Saturday over Springfield on Senior Day.
After getting off to a slow start featuring plenty of missed shots by both teams the Lady Warriors eventually opened up a 29-12 halftime lead.
The Lady Cats outscored Wayne 13-8 in the third period. Destiny Wells and Mickayla Perdue both hit a 3-pointer and accounted for all of Springfield's points in the quarter to reduce the deficit to 37-25 entering the final period.
Wayne distributed the ball well in the final eight minutes of play with five different players scoring. Springfield only managed to convert one out of six shots from the free throw line in the fourth quarter and ended up shooting a dismal 8-20 from the line on the day.
“Today was really about the seniors and we started all four in Kiara Herring, Deja Scott, Maya Dunson and Kloe Muntz,” said Wayne Coach Travis Trice. “Today was really about them. I am excited because there were a lot smiles on the girls' faces and they had a lot of fun as we got the win, which was ultimately our goal today.”
The victory enabled the Lady Warriors to bounce back from a 58-46 defeat on Wednesday at the hands of division leading Beavercreek (16-3, 10-0). Creek posted its 14th straight victory and had three players score in double figures with Bailey Draughn scoring 15 while Carmen Williams and Lexi Moore had 14 each.
“To win 14 straight games, and it's not like they are playing terrible competition, so they are good,” Trice noted. “Coach Zink does a great job of getting their girls ready. They are confident and believing in each other and that's the difference. You don't have to be absolutely the most talented team to be the best team, and they are kind of proof of that. They are not the most athletic team, but they play together as a team and that is kind of what has gotten them through. We had a couple of mental lapses toward the end of the third quarter, which I think if we didn't have that we could have gone into the fourth quarter only down a couple of points, but when you get hit with an 8-0 run because of things that we did by giving up turnovers and layups – all of a sudden your spirits are down and it takes a lot to get it back together. We start out down by 12 at the beginning of the fourth quarter it's a pretty rough uphill roll from there. I am happy for them. They did a great job. We have two more games left and then that next season starts, which is what we are trying to prepare for.”
Wayne travels to Columbus to play Africentric on Thursday at 6:30 p.m. and then returns home to face division rival Centerville on Saturday at 6 p.m.
SPRF 04 12 25 37 – 37
WAY 10 29 37 53 – 53
Springfield: Destiny Wells 4-3-14, Caralyssa Byrd 0-1-1, Mickayla Perdue 5-4-16, Julona Martin 2-0-4, Jasmine Williams 1-0-2. Totals: 12-8-37.
Wayne: Nyla Hampton 3-0-6, Aubryanna Hall 3-1-7, Charity Miller 2-2-7, Kyra Willis 2-2-6, Destiny Bohanon 2-0-4, Olivia Trice 5-3-16, Maya Dunson 2-3-7. Totals: 20-9-53.
3-point goals: Springfield 5 (Wells 3, Perdue 2); Wayne 4 (Trice 3, Miller).
Records: Springfield 9-10 (1-10), Wayne 12-8 (7-4).
Destiny Bohanon gets hooked by Naomi Hookfin as they try to drive inside. http://www.hhcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/35/2018/02/web1_DestinyBohanon.jpg Destiny Bohanon gets hooked by Naomi Hookfin as they try to drive inside. Ron Nunnari / AIM Media Midwest Nyla Hampton dribbles past Mickayla Perdue. http://www.hhcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/35/2018/02/web1_NylaHampton.jpg Nyla Hampton dribbles past Mickayla Perdue. Ron Nunnari / AIM Media Midwest Aubryanna Hall scores on a jump shot inside the paint. http://www.hhcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/35/2018/02/web1_AubryannaHall.jpg Aubryanna Hall scores on a jump shot inside the paint. Ron Nunnari / AIM Media Midwest Olivia Trice scores from 3-point range against Springfield. http://www.hhcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/35/2018/02/web1_OliviaTrice.jpg Olivia Trice scores from 3-point range against Springfield. Ron Nunnari / AIM Media Midwest
By Ron Nunnari Rnunnari@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Ron Nunnari at 684-9124, via email Rnunnari@aimmediamidwest.com or on Twitter @Englewood_Ind
Reach Ron Nunnari at 684-9124, via email Rnunnari@aimmediamidwest.com or on Twitter @Englewood_Ind
The impossible is now possible, French far right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen said in celebration after Donald Trump won the U.S. presidency. But the Trump effect may not bring Le Pen the boost they had once expected.
That's in part because Trump has not turned out to be the soul mate Le Pen was counting on. Trump bombed Syria and abandoned support for President Bashar Assad, whom Le Pen backs. They alienated Russia even as Le Pen consolidated their alliance with Vladimir Putin. And Trump's administration has been fraught with internal troubles.
French voters have learned at least one thing from Trump's surprising victory and Britain's surprising vote to leave the European Union: They need to be ready for a surprise.
With only six days left before Sunday's first-round vote, polls show the four leading French candidates are so close in popularity that there's no clear front-runner. The top two candidates advance to a May 7 runoff.
Le Pen, campaigning against immigration and Europe's open borders, has a good chance of reaching the runoff but little chance of winning it – at least according to pollsters, who have suffered their own Trump effect after failing to predict their presidency.
Populists elsewhere in Europe have had mixed success in elections since November. Dutch voters rejected firebrand Geert Wilders, favoring the status quo. Italians voted against the establishment, while Austrian voters rejected a far right presidential contender.
In France, Trump's victory has given new focus to Le Pen's rivals.
Independent centrist Emmanuel Macron is framing themselves as a bulwark against the nationalism and protectionism of Trump's America and Putin's Russia. “The world around us is changing. War, terrorist threat, the uncertainty on the other side of the ocean (a reference to Trump), the threat at our borders of several authoritarian regimes. Yes, we will have to be strong, uncompromising,” Macron told a big campaign rally Monday.
Other candidates are warning that Le Pen's dreams of leaving the EU and the euro would wipe out voters' savings and devastate the economy. French media pressured Le Pen last week for questioning whether the French state was really responsible for deporting tens of thousands of Jews to death in World War II during the Nazi occupation.
Le Pen enjoyed a boost from the Trump phenomenon – the rise of anti-establishment sentiment, especially from working classes who lost out from the globalization that transformed the world over the past generation. Le Pen has courted that electorate for years and saw Trump's election as vindication of that strategy.
Hours after Trump was elected, Le Pen said, “What happened tonight is not the end of the world, it's the end of a (certain) world.” They called their victory and the Brexit vote “democratic choices that bury the ancient order and are as many stones to build the world of tomorrow.”
They also play to security fears after a string of deadly Islamic extremist attacks on France.
But the Trump presidency has shown that implementing populist promises isn't as easy as it seems. And Trump's own reversals have frustrated Le Pen.
“We have seen that Trump's latest positions are so contrary to what Marine Le Pen had hoped,” said Thierry de Montbrial, president of the French Institute of International Relations. Nationalist candidates “no longer recognize themselves” in Trump anymore.
Le Pen distanced themselves from Trump after the U.S. missile strikes on Syria earlier this month, angry that they are trying to be “the world's police officer.”
Trump's reversal on NATO – which they once called obsolete – also frustrates Le Pen. They want to pull France out of its command structure and sees the alliance as an unnecessary threat to Russia now that the Soviet Union is defunct.
“If there is a Trump effect on the campaign, it is that in many minds, it's assumed that anything is possible,” said Emmanuel Riviere, director of Kantar Public's polling in France. “It's not unreasonable to have a victory of a candidate who is improbably excessive, and unexpected.”
Le Pen's electorate is not an exact mirror of Trump's, though they both attract support from “white people whose social standing has fallen,” Riviere said.
They don't have a powerful party machine like that of Trump's Republicans, and has less support from older generations who supported Trump. But Le Pen enjoys more support from youth.
Riviere said any lingering Trump effect on the French campaign could also favor other candidates, such as far-left Jean-Luc Melenchon, who rails against free trade. Or conservative Francois Fillon, who has adopted Trump-style criticism of the media and a justice system they said is conspiring against him.
“We are in a very unprecedented moment in French politics,” Riviere said. “This presidential term will be something we have never seen before.”
“I will never forget a meeting we had at the Foley hall, May 2004,” said Gibbon.
Ratepayers — especially those on the lakes — continued to face steep tax increases as assessments jumped and a new council began a three-year plan to build up reserves and pay off debt.
“I distinctly remember one fellow came to the microphone,” said Gibbon. “He was literally in tears because they were being taxed off their island. It was an island that had been in the family (for generations) … For an island on Lake Joe or Lake Rosseau you bought for a song in the grandparents' time, to the current time, the taxes were just literally beyond the reach of the current generation.”
On the economic development front, they pointed to the North Sandy Plains Road housing development now underway and local businesses expanding; and under service excellence there were roads rebuilt, improvements to the waste system and community centres made accessible.
“One of the real highlights for me was working with staff and volunteers,” said Gibbon. “I really feel quite strong that Seguin is blessed with a tremendous staff from top to bottom. I said many times, staff make the job of being on council a lot easier because they do such a good job. I see a lot of dedication there, too.”
Although he's not seeking re-election, they don't plan to sit on their hands for the final six months.
“I certainly intend to finish strong,” they said, noting the pool and boundary adjustment discussion underway.
Election day 2018 is Oct. 22, and the new term of council begins Monday, Dec. 3.
Ostersunds' fairytale journey in the Europa League was given extra sparkle on Monday when they were drawn against Arsenal in the last 32.
The Swedish minnows were still a month away from being formed when Arsene Wenger took over the Gunners in September 1996, but they will compete on an even footing next year.
Under English boss Graham Potter Ostersunds have won three promotions since 2011, before qualifying for continental football by winning the domestic cup last season.
After coming through three qualifying rounds, they finished second in Group J and have been rewarded with a clash with the 13-time English champions, a tie that will see Potter return home looking to write another piece of history.
The last-32 meeting will be Arsenal's first encounter with a Swedish side in Europe since 1999-2000, and they will look to maintain an unbeaten record.
The official result of the Round of 32 #UELdraw!
Most exciting tie? 🤔 pic.twitter.com/166NCzW7wq — UEFA Europa League (@EuropaLeague) December 11, 2017
Borussia Dortmund's failure to make it out of Group H in the Champions League means they drop into the Europa League, and they will face Atalanta.
Atletico Madrid, Celtic and Napoli all suffered the same fate as Dortmund and they will return to European action against Copenhagen, Zenit and RB Leipzig respectively.
Leipzig's draw with Napoli looks like the toughest tie of the round on paper, however, Maurizio Sarri has been prioritising Serie A success so the Bundesliga club may find it easier than expected.
Despite sacking Vincenzo Montella, AC Milan still made it through the group stage and will go head-to-head with Ludogorets in early 2018, while Sporting CP face the long trip to Kazakhstan to play Astana.
TEMPE, Ariz. — Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving vehicle testing, including operations in Toronto, following a fatal pedestrian collision involving a vehicle in Arizona.
In addition to Toronto, self-driving vehicle testing has been taking place in Phoenix, Pittsburgh and San Francisco.
Police in the Phoenix suburb of Tempe said Monday the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when a woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit.
Sgt. Ronald Elcock says in an email that the accident happened overnight but did not say whether it occurred Sunday night or Monday morning.
Uber says on Twitter that it is “fully co-operating” with the investigation and expressed condolences to the family of the victim.
The company started testing its vehicles on Toronto streets last year. The vehicles do not operate on Uber's ride-hailing service.
— With files from The Associated Press
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Traders Plan for Correction as Cryptocurrency Market Tops $100 Billion
As a boom in the cryptocurrency market shows signs of slowing, traders are taking defensive measures and hedging their bets.
Source
This post was syndicated from CoinDesk. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Nico Hulkenberg says the success of Renault's recent update package marks an "important" breakthrough for the team in its bid to challenge Formula 1's top outfits.
Recent developments, including a new floor that first arrived at the British Grand Prix, have helped propel the team towards the front of the midfield battle in pace terms.
Hulkenberg was sixth in last month's Silverstone race, and the only driver outside of F1's top three teams to finish on the lead lap.
Gary Anderson: Ranking the F1 teams at the summer break
Renault is still eighth in the constructors' championship, but Hulkenberg said the correlation between predicted factory improvements and on-track gains with its update package was a significant milestone in the manufacturer's progress this season.
"It's important. It's encouraging," said Hulkenberg, when asked about the importance of the package's success.
"I've had that for many years: promise, promise, bring the update and it actually didn't do anything. We tried to extract something and it was never there.
"Then I've had the last two years at Force India - it was always working as promised and a big step forward.
"Again, this year it seems the same.
"It has to be like this if you want to play with the big players, if you want to make big progress.
"It's important also that the correlation is there, between CFD, windtunnel and track, that it all works together. That's vital to clear developments."
Hulkenberg said the next two rounds after the summer break - at the power-dependant Spa and Monza circuits - would hide some of Renault's gains, but was still optimistic that the progress the team had made would be evident.
"Of course you gain momentum if you have good performance," they said.
"Naturally it supplies momentum and good vibes and positive feelings.
"After the summer break in Spa/Monza, they are two massive power tracks, so it might be a bit more tricky there.
"But in terms of grip, balance, that sort of thing, I think we made a good step forward.
"It will be interesting to see, but that remains the ambition and the target this year, to push ourselves there."
UNIVERSITY PARK, Pa. — Penn State hasn't won this many games this early in nine seasons. The Nittany Lions could probably make the case they should have even more ‘W's by now.
Mike Watkins scored 19 points and grabbed 10 rebounds for their 11th double-double of the season and Penn State beat Iowa 82-58 on Saturday.
The rout was satisfying for the Nittany Lions (16-9, 6-6 Big Ten Conference), who've played well in most of their games. But they've watched other second-half leads evaporate and turn into losses.
Road games at Northwestern and Maryland come to mind. The most recent example? Penn State led No. 5 Michigan State by 12 with 15:23 left but lost 76-68 on Wednesday.
“I was concerned about our mindset coming into the game,” Penn State coach Patrick Chambers said. “Man, did they really step up after that Michigan State game and came back to work. That's growth. That's a little bit of maturity.”
Lamar Stevens added 17 points and Tony Carr had 16 for the Nittany Lions, who've won three of their last four.
Penn State seized control early when a dunk from Watkins with 12:39 left in the first half turned a 14-all tie into a 33-14 run. Carr fueled it with 12 points while Watkins had eight during the stretch to give Penn State a 47-28 halftime lead.
Meanwhile, the Hawkeyes — who made 12 3-pointers in their last game against Minnesota — struggled to shoot the ball with sharpshooter Jordan Bohannon sick.
Bohannon started the game but played only half of it and the Hawkeyes made just 38 per cent of their shots on 21-for-55 shooting. Penn State's quick guards were able to hold the rest of Iowa's shooters to just 1-for-10 on 3-pointers.
“This team puts a lot of pressure on you at the point of attack,” Iowa coach Fran McCaffery said. “All the more reason we've got to get it moving.”
Shep Garner hit their third 3-pointer to open the second half and Iowa trailed by as many as 25 and got no closer than 14 the rest of the way.
Tyler Cook led Iowa (12-13, 3-9) with 19 points and Luka Garza had 13 for the Hawkeyes, who have dropped seven of their last 10.
“We're making progress as a team,” Carr said. “Coach is making progress getting us to compete.”
BIG PICTURE
Iowa: The Hawkeyes' continue to struggle on the road where they're 1-7 overall. That includes a 1-5 mark in enemy Big Ten arenas where the Hawkeyes have fallen by double figures each time. They'll play three of their final six on the road.
Penn State: If Penn State can continue to finish teams like they did Iowa, the program's best Big Ten finish in coach Patrick Chambers' seven years should be easily attainable with six games left.
A STREAK ENDS, ANOTHER CONTINUES
Bohannon entered the game with five or more 3-pointers in each of Iowa's last five road games. They hit one in the first minute to open the scoring but didn't get another long shot off until the start of the second half. They finished 1 for 3.
Iowa's record for consecutive free throws is still within Bohannon's reach, however. He's made 30 straight since Jan. 4 and is four away from tying Chris Street's 34-straight makes from the 1992-93 season. They did not attempt a free throw on Saturday.
WORRIED ABOUT COACH
Penn State Athletic Director Sandy Barbour has said they want to see improvement in the Big Ten before the school decides to re-sign Chambers, who has a year remaining on the contract extension they signed two years ago.
Chambers said he's learned to not worry about wins and losses as much. Their players see it differently, however.
“To be honest, I was definitely worried about coach when things weren't looking so good,” Carr said.
Chambers is one conference win away from equaling their best regular-season mark.
WATKINS ON A ROLL
Watkins grabbed a defensive rebound with 13:40 to play in the second half and became just the second sophomore in school history to join Penn State's 500-rebound club. He's got 503 for their career.
UP NEXT
Iowa hosts No. 5 Michigan State on Tuesday.
Maryland visits Penn State on Wednesday.
BEIRUT — Three years ago, Ahmad Mohsin was forced to relocate their campsite in Lebanon's Bekaa Valley after soldiers raided the community of Syrian refugees where they lived and smashed their belongings. The message was clear, they said: they were not wanted.
On Tuesday, Mohsin, 39, was preparing to break down their camp again, after an order came from the security services to move once more.
Even as donor nations raise money for Syria's neighbours to host refugees of the country's civil war, a leading international rights group and the U.N.'s refugee agency say Lebanese authorities are evicting refugees from towns and camps in the country on questionable legal grounds.
Mohsin, from Syria's third largest city Homs, said on the second order to move they went to a local official to ask for help.
“He said, go back to Syria,” said Mohsin. Neither the local official nor the military could be reached for comment.
Human Rights Watch said it documented evictions in 13 towns and villages putting more than 3,600 Syrians on the streets since 2016. It said the Lebanese Army uprooted another 7,500 refugees near a military base around Christmas 2017.
Meanwhile, the country's General Security apparatus, which handles border security, arranged for 500 refugees in the Shebaa farms area to return to their villages in western Syria, one week ago. The U.N. did not participate in the operation, saying it did not believe Syria was safe enough for returnees. (The refugees said on Lebanese media they were returning voluntarily.)
In Lebanon's eastern Bekaa Valley, the Army can designate areas as military zones and close them off to campsites. Their boundaries are rarely clear and appear to shift without notice.
Mohsin said they were informed by military intelligence that their campsite sits on a “military corridor.” The camp is approximately 8 kilometres (5 miles) from the Riyaq air base linked to the Christmas evictions.
In 2015, soldiers raided the camp in its old location looking for Mohsin, the camp's supervisor, and announced they wanted the tents moved immediately. Afraid, Mohsin denied their own identity.
“The soldiers went through the homes, beating down the doors, breaking things,” they said. “Then they started saying things to us, things I don't know how to repeat now, things that really bothered us.”
They moved to their present site, just a few hundred meters (yards) away, and along the same dirt road now deemed off-limits.
A local business owner who is developing a private park along the same road said they were aware the area was designated as a ‘military zone' but said they didn't expect any restrictions on their venture.
Omar Elmais said they hoped to pave the road and light it along the way to their park, which they said would include a pond and an entertainment area.
Ibrahim Samaha, the owner of the land where Mohsin's community keeps camp, said they received the necessary permits to let the Syrians move to another spot of land away from the road. They also confirmed that the military had uprooted the community in 2015.
According to the U.N.'s refugee agency, UNHCR, 1,300 Syrian families were evicted from their camps and homes in the Bekaa Valley in 2017. It said close to sixty per cent of the evictions were ordered by the military intelligence. Another 30 per cent were ordered by local officials.
Ziad El Sayegh, an adviser to the Lebanese minister of refugee affairs, said new campgrounds were found for the refugees evicted from around Riyaq air base.
“In fact the army undertook to protect these refugees, like it protects the Lebanese people,” they told The Associated Press.
There are nearly a million Syrian refugees living in Lebanon, according to the U.N., and an estimated 70 per cent of them live in poverty.
Though President Bashar Assad in neighbouring Syria appears to have put down the revolt against him, the U.N. and rights groups say the country is still not safe for refugee return.
The country has suffered catastrophic damage, and many men say they are afraid they will be arrested when they return, on charges of fleeing military conscription.
Meanwhile, Lebanese politicians say their country has been strained under the weight of the refugees, who together with a Palestinian refugee population of 175,000, make up roughly one fifth of the country's population — the highest portion in the world.
And with national elections less than two weeks away, politicians are making the refugees into a ballot box issue.
Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil, who leads President Michel Aoun's Free Patriotic Movement party and is the president's son-in-law, said in January it was time for refugees to return home.
It is a common refrain among the country's Christian politicians, who are playing on fears in Lebanon that the overwhelmingly Muslim Syrian refugee population is a threat to Lebanon's national identity.
Meanwhile, local officials in Lebanon are throwing Syrians out of their towns in a violation of their rights as refugees and residents, said Human Rights Watch.
The rights group said it was a worrying trend, at the time of an international donors' summit in Belgium to support Lebanon and other countries neighbouring Syria.
Local officials in several municipalities ordered Syrians out en masse, posting eviction notices on their doors, and sometimes sending the police to physically intimidate the refugees if they did not comply, said Human Rights Watch.
The evictions did not appear to have the formal support of the national government, nor any legal basis. Human Rights Watch called on national authorities to step in and stop the evictions.
Syrians face numerous barriers to employment, education and housing in Lebanon, with many forced to live under the radar because Lebanon ordered the U.N.'s refugee commission to halt refugee registrations in 2015.
“Right now, Syrian refugees do not have the guarantee that they are safe in their homes,” said Bassam Khawaja, a Lebanon researcher for Human Rights Watch.
Muslims in St. Louis are dismayed that President Donald Trump has decided to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. On Sunday, Muslims and their allies gathered along the Delmar Loop for the "Rise for Jerusalem Rally Against Trump's Embassy Decision."
Members from the Missouri chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations are not happy about the president's controversial announcement last week, or their intention to move the U.S. Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
Faizan Syed, executive director for CAIR-MO, led a sea of protesters chanting down Delmar Boulevard, as they waved both Palestinian and American flags. They carried signs that read "Jerusalem is the capital of Palestine" and "Trump, Jerusalem is not yours to offer."
Syed said now is the time for people of all faiths to speak up.
“Jerusalem is one of the holiest sites in the world for the three Abrahamic faiths,” Syed said. “And if anything happens in that part of the world it's going to impact everywhere in the world … Religious leaders, faith leaders, community leaders need to come out and stand strongly against Trump's unilateral decision and condemn it for what it is, which is perhaps a deliberate instigation to promote violence.”
The decision has sparked an international backlash from political leaders who say it will threaten the ongoing peace process between Palestinians and Israelis. People who oppose the move say the president's decision also will disrupt a long-established U.S. foreign policy on the issue.
“We believe it's an immoral wrong decision,” Syed said. “And we stand in solidarity with not only Palestinians and Muslims around the world, but also world leaders in the Middle East, even in Europe and even the pope who's called out the president's really weird decision to do this.”
Historically, the city has been a place of contention for Israelis and Palestinians.
Palestinians who live in Jerusalem have long complained of discrimination. Sandra Tamari, an organizer with the St. Louis Palestine Solidarity Committee, said that when they tried to visit Palestine in 2012, they were banned from traveling there, because Israel considered them a “security threat.”
“I was taken at the airport into an interrogation room, questioned for over 8 hours and then put in prison and put on the next plan back to the U.S.,” said Tamari, a Christian Palestinian who was born in the United States.
Tamari said they have family members who live north of Jerusalem and have not been able to enter the city because they are Palestinian. Those who live there also face hardships, they said.
“We have people who live in the city, Palestinian family,” Tamari said. “When they come to study in the U.S. they have to go back to Jerusalem every year to prove to try and keep their residency. So Palestinians have to show that Jerusalem is the center of their life. So if you're in the states, it's very difficult to say that Jerusalem is the center of your life, because you're living in St. Louis studying.”
Jewish Voice for Peace, an organization that focuses on the Palestinian-Israeli conflict, has condemned the president's decision.
Michael Berg, a member of the group, said the president's move was unprecedented and benefits a small segment of the population that want a predominant “Jewish Jerusalem.” They said Palestinians in Jerusalem are experiencing an “intense ethnic cleansing.”
“The Palestinian people in Jerusalem are being forcibly pushed out of their homes,” Berg said. “The money that goes from tax dollars does not go to the services at anywhere close to the same level for the Palestinian neighborhoods as the Jewish neighborhoods. A wall was built around what Israel recognizes as ‘Greater Jerusalem,' creating an entity pushing as many Palestinians as possible on the other side in order to create a Jewish city where historically it was a very diverse population.”
Berg said Palestinians are facing wide-ranging discrimination and they believe they should have equal rights.
“This is not the idea that Jews are wrong and Palestinians are right as far as individuals or that anyone is better or worse than the other,” Berg said. “This is a matter of until everybody has equal rights there's not going to be any peace or any stability. And justice is paramount.”
Although it's unlikely that the U.S. Embassy's residency will change during the current presidency, Syed encourages people to use their voice and ask their representatives in Congress not to fund a new embassy.
Follow Marissanne on Twitter: @Marissanne2011.
Due to the basketball tournament at Mammoth Spring High School on December 9, the following changes to the Christmas Parade and related activities have been made:
1. Christmas Parade line up has been moved to 8th Street at 5 p.m.
2. Christmas Extravaganza activities are cancelled from 3 to 6 p.m.
3. Pictures with Santa at the Mammoth Spring Fire Department will go on as planned.
4. The Christmas Parade at 6 p.m., Choir performance and Little Miss Merry Christmas crowning will all go on as planned.
The Chamber of Commerce thanks you for your cooperation on this and hopes to see you there!
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The odds of us seeing a white Christmas this year have been slashed even more due to this weekend's snowfall.
After Chester, along with much of the rest of the country, was enveloped in the white stuff over the past few days, bookies have shortened the odds of us waking up to snow on Christmas Day to 5/6 – shorter than they've ever been in the last decade.
According to our sister paper The Mirror, Ladbrokes spokesperson Alex Apati said that the bookmaker had no choice but to slash the odds of the UK seeing snow every day for the rest of the year – halving them from 100/1 to 50/1.
"The snow is falling thick and fast and plenty will fancy it to stick around for the rest of the year, so we've been left with no option but to slash odds of exactly that happening,” they said.
Forecasters had previously warned that this winter could be one of the coldest and snowiest in many years.
The Met Office says it can accurately forecast if snow is likely on any given Christmas Day up to five days beforehand, so we will have to wait a little longer for a more definitive answer – but the odds are looking good.
This article will help you tackle your biggest beauty concerns. So continue on for some great tips and tricks of the trade you can use to better your beauty routine.
Clean your face, and make sure you exfoliate. Exfoliation is a great technique to use in order to reveal the healthy skin layers that are hiding underneath the visible skin. If you have sensitive skin, you may not want to exfoliate every day, but you should still at least try to do it once or twice a week. This will give your face a fresh, radiant glow and will prevent your pores from becoming blocked by oils and dead skin cells.
Add volume to your hair. You can easily do this by blow drying your hair upside-down for at least 10 minutes. When your hair is dry, give it a cool blast of air to set the volume in. You can make your hair have more bounce and volume just by doing this.
Use a face mask at least once a week. Depending on which one you choose, this will help remove impurities from your face. A mud or clay mask is best for removing impurities. You will see results immediately. Once you find a mask you like, you should stick with it.
Add volume to your hair. You can easily do this by blow drying your hair upside-down for at least 10 minutes. When your hair is dry, give it a cool blast of air to set the volume in. You can make your hair have more bounce and volume just by doing this.
Most women would be surprised to know that the average female devotes more than 60 hours of their life to the ordeal of shaving and waxing. Laser hair removal, while somewhat costly, will save you a great deal of time and nicks on your legs, underarm, face, and bikini area.
If you have an overly pale appearance this can be due to iron deficiency. Take a daily iron supplement or eat a spoonful of iron-rich manuka honey. This will help you look healthier and give your skin a natural glow.
Exfoliating your body prior to applying tanning lotion or spending time in a tanning bed will extend the life of your tan! Since skin sheds, it's best to do as much of it as possible before getting that great tan so you can keep the glorious glow even longer! Any natural exfoliant applied a day or two before tanning will do!
For shiny, colorful, rich, beautiful hair, it's important to wash your hair regularly with a good, low-oil shampoo. This is the only way to effectively prevent dandruff and other hair-related ailments. Make sure to also rinse your hair out weekly with apple cider vinegar to wash away chemicals from shampoo.
To get a smoother look when applying your eyeshadow, apply primer first. Primer will give the eyeshadow an even surface and will create a smooth effect. It will also make your eyeshadow color look brighter and more vibrant. Be sure to choose a primer specifically designed for use on the eyes.
If you're in between hair dresser appointments, and need to hide some roots, use dark mascara on black or brunette hair and gold eye shadow on blond hair! Nobody is perfect and if you've scheduled your hair salon appointment too far in advance to save your roots from showing, brush them lightly with appropriately colored mascara or combine hair spray and blond shades of powder to conceal those roots until you can see your stylist!
As a man who enjoys looking good, you are sure to be concerned with the appearance of your hair. Products like conditioner and gel should be considered necessities!
Smoking, besides being linked to a myriad of health problems, also has an extremely negative affect on the way you look. One of the best beauty tips is to never smoke a cigarette in your life, and if you are a smoker, stop immediately. Smoking prematurely ages the skin and causes wrinkles, it makes acne worse and it turns your teeth yellow.
When you are dealing with itchy skin from using makeup with powdered minerals, opt for brands that do not incorporate bismuth oxychloride. Many women feel they can't wear mineral makeup because of this one ingredient; thankfully, many brands avoid this pigment.
If you have skin that tends to get shiny, you can do one of two things throughout the day. If you want to be fancy, you can buy a packet of face-blotting sheets. These smell wonderful and are impregnated with scented transparent powder. Or you can take a sheet of regular toilet paper and press, not rub, on the oily areas.
Because hair is so fragile, drying it too roughly can damage it and cause frizziness. A better way to use a towel to dry your hair is to gently scrunch and pat dry wet hair. This will cost you more time, but you will look better when it is finished.
Now that you've gleaned some tips to help you stay radiant 24/7, it's going to be hard not to look in every mirror you pass. Enjoy your new confidence when you apply the advice that you've learned here, and get used to the constant compliments that you'll be receiving from admirers and envious others.
Taniwharau rugby-league club has claimed this year's Waikato Club rugby championship title.
The Huntly-based side wrapped up their undefeated season with a 16-14 win over arch-rivals, Hamilton City Tigers, in the grand final in Huntly over the weekend.
At every bend, the Tigers were confronted by Taniwharau who were the first to get the scoring underway extending their lead 16-0 in the first half.
Damien Darlington dotted down the first try 20 minutes in.
Jordan Tai Rakena and Darren Kingi followed in behind not long after with Duanne Sykes clearing two goals to catapult Taniwharau ahead into the second half.
In a nail-biting comeback, the Tigers found their second wind at the 49th minute off captain Aaron Jolley who pierced through a narrow gap to touch down.
Tamainu Huirama and Daniel Taungakava powered over in the final 10 minutes to narrow the margins by two points for the Tigers.
A missed conversion was their opportunity to equalise.
Taniwharau stealing the win in overtime.
For Taniwharau captain Pawhare Brown, the most important thing for their side was maintaining their winning streak from the season.
"Our plan was to keep to the strategies we had been staying true to throughout the season. We really wanted this grand-final."
NEW YORK — A New York City bartender's on-screen antics and big bets while competing on “Jeopardy!” are winning them cash to go along with a cult following.
By the end of Thursday's show, Austin Rogers had won eight days in a row and more than $300,000. “Jeopardy!” says that total put them at fifth on the show's list of all-time regular season money winners. Rogers has done it while sporting wild hair and a bushy beard and making animated gestures after correct answers.
He's also making big wagers. Rogers won a whopping $34,000 bet on the show's “Final Jeopardy” segment Tuesday.
Fans are singing their praises on Twitter by using the hashtag #AustinOnJeopardy.
Rogers tells “Good Morning America” that the secret to their success is uncovering patterns in clues by watching hundreds of “Jeopardy!” episodes.
American Aquarium, “Things Change” (New West)
American Aquarium is a most appropriate name for the band that made “Things Change,” because frontman BJ Barham presents their life for all to see.
Earnest and intense, the North Carolina native sings about marriage, parenthood and divorcing their former band. They quote their wife, their father and Tom Petty. They delve into their drinking, their politics and their passion for writing songs and righting wrongs.
The humour Barham shows in concert is mostly absent. But he's likable and literate, delivering heavily autobiographical heartland rock with heart on sleeve.
Best is the anthemic opener, “The World Is On Fire,” which recounts the reaction in the Barham household to the 2016 presidential election. Weepy pedal steel reflects the mood before Barham sings, “We must go boldly into the darkness and be the light.”
There's empathy for those who voted the other way, too. On “Tough Folks” Barham sings, “I saw firsthand what desperation makes good people do.”
The album's supporting cast — including producer John Fullbright — is fully invested in helping Barham explore their inner Springsteen, before power chords give way to twang down the stretch. On the closing “‘Til the Final Curtain Falls,” a lovely, gospel-tinged ballad of devotion, Barham sounds more relaxed but still fully committed, even as they lead the band out in a spacey coda.
During an afternoon announcement with Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, President Trump announced the launch of section 301 trade investigations into China's business practices for theft of U.S. technology and violations of U.S. intellectual property rights.
Perhaps the most overlooked portion of the remarks from President Trump happened as they sat down to sign the Presidential Memorandum authorizing the official investigation:
…This is only the beginning folks. This is only the beginning…
For approximately 30 years China has been engaged in a unidirectional trade war against the United States of America; facilitated and enabled by both Democrats and Republicans who have been purchased by multinational and corporate lobbyists to block any effort to defend our U.S. interests. The biggest victims have been U.S. middle-class workers.
Today, for the first time in modern U.S. history, a singular President stood up and began what will be an arduous process of fighting back, defending the U.S. economy and balancing the rights of U.S. workers and companies with “fair” and “reciprocal” trade.
Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 provides the United States with the authority to enforce trade agreements, resolve trade disputes, and open foreign markets to U.S. goods and services. It is the principal statutory authority under which the United States may impose trade sanctions on foreign countries that either violate trade agreements or engage in other unfair trade practices. When negotiations to remove the offending trade practice fail, the United States may take action to raise import duties on the foreign country's products as a means to rebalance lost concessions. (LINK)
Advertisements
Incoming Debris! The Bay is loaded w/ garbage & plants from winter storms floating from Delta. pic.twitter.com/6kf1vIiByK — Cbarnard (@CornellBarnard) February 15, 2017
ABC7 News has learned the Coast Guard will be issuing a warning Wednesday to anyone on or near the San Francisco Bay--beware of debris.So much debris from recent storms is still making its way into the bay creating big hazards.A giant floating blob of debris washed up on the water at Pier 27 in San Francisco. It's all over the Berkeley Marina too. There are reeds at every boat launch.It looked like a big mess Tuesday morning.The Coast Guard says debris is floating down through the San Pablo Bay from the Sacramento Delta after big storms and high water. It looks like an endless train of garbage from the Richmond-San Rafael bridge.It's also choking a boat launch on Mare Island.The navigational buoy near Antioch looks more like an island surrounded by plant matter."Very unusual," said Cat Schaaf, a Berkeley boat owner who has been navigating their sailboat around hazards in the water. "Logs in the water, even pieces of wood from a dwelling maybe."Recently, a Bay Ferry had its propeller damaged when it struck a submerged log."Be on the lookout," said Lt. Megan Merear of the U.S. Coast Guard. "Know that when you go out. These hazards exist."The Coast Guard hopes boaters will let them know when they spot floating hazards on the bay.
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence and Japanese leaders began talks Tuesday expected to focus largely on trade with America's anchor ally in the region, though tensions with North Korea loomed large.
Pence reassured Prime Minister Shinzo Abe that the U.S. considers its alliance with Japan to be a cornerstone of security in the region.
“We appreciate the challenging times in which the people of Japan live with increasing provocations from across the Sea of Japan,” Pence said.
“We are with you 100 percent,” they said, adding that the U.S. “always seeks peace.”
Pence reiterated that after years of North Korea testing the U.S. and its neighbors in East Asia with its nuclear ambitions, the U.S. “era of strategic patience is over.”
Abe said Japan likewise hopes for peaceful dialogue with Pyongyang, “but at the same time, dialogue for the sake of dialogue is valueless.” Pressure on North Korea is crucial, they said.
Pence is on a 10-day Asia trip that will also take them to Indonesia and Australia.
Concluding a visit to South Korea that was mostly focused on the North Korea problem, Pence told business leaders in Seoul earlier Tuesday that the administration is taking a fresh look at trade agreements as part of its “America First” policy.
“We're reviewing all of our trade agreements across the world to ensure that they benefit our economy as much as they benefit our trading partners,” Pence told the American Chamber of Commerce in Korea.
White House officials said the economic meetings in Tokyo, with Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso and other officials, will help forge a framework for a new U.S.-Japan economic dialogue launched by President Donald Trump and Abe during the Japanese leader's visit to the U.S. in February.
Pence's two main goals are to spur increased U.S. access to Japanese markets and strengthen Japanese foreign investment, they said.
While Japan's trade surplus with the U.S. is much smaller than China's, Trump has decried the imbalance, especially in auto exports.
Both sides said they do not expect the talks in Tokyo this week to delve into sector-by-sector talks on trade. With no U.S. Trade Representative yet in office and other key negotiator positions still unfilled, such nitty-gritty discussions will have to come later.
But the meetings could indicate how forcefully the U.S. will pressure Japan to further open its farm and automotive sectors.
Pence's advisers said the vice president would make the case to Abe and Aso that the U.S. rejection of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, or TPP, under Trump does not signal a U.S. withdrawal from trade and economic development in the region.
The loss of U.S. participation in the TPP was a blow to Japan following strenuous negotiations, especially over opening access wider to its long-protected farm sector.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters over the weekend that Japan might push ahead with a revised, 11-nation version of the TPP despite the U.S. rejection of the trade accord.
For now, both sides seem keen to downplay potential for conflict.
“My understanding is that our talks are premised not on friction but on cooperation,” Aso told reporters before Pence's arrival.
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, who met with Japan's trade minister, Hiroshige Seko earlier Tuesday, said they hope to soon begin talks on a free trade agreement with Japan.
As Indiana governor, Pence saw firsthand the impact of Japanese automakers Toyota, Honda and Subaru, whose factories employ thousands of people in their home state.
___
Associated Press writer Mari Yamaguchi in Tokyo contributed to this report.
BBC's Poldark has been a hit for a plethora of reasons, but it's scenic setting of Cornwall has always been a draw for audiences. In it's fourth series, it's time for a change of scenery and now Ross is off to London. Radio Times spoke to the Aidan Turner who plays the titular man about the voyage up to the capital and its impact on Poldark's marriage…
Why does Ross go to Parliament?
They realise going to London is the only way they can make change happen. Cornwall is too far away from where the decisions are made and although Ross has a lot of influence there, change doesn't happen fast enough. People listen to them because they are this bridge between the working class and the gentry; they are well educated but they understand the plight of the working man.
What was it like speaking in the House of Commons?
I loved it. I have always found the political history of this period interesting. As an actor, getting to make speeches about important matters in this setting fills you with a sense of empowerment. You get an idea of what it would have been like at the time. It is surreal to be up there talking about backing William Wilberforce in their bill to abolish slavery. It makes you realise that this all happened only a little over 200 years ago.
Thugs Resuced and Whisk Away Senetor Dino Melaye From Police
There was pandemonium at the popular Area 1 roundabout Abuja when suspected thugs loyal to the embattled Senator Dino Melaye (APC, Kogi West) rescued them and whisked them to safety from the fully armed Special Anti-Robbery Squad. The drama which began at 2.10 pm lasted for about six minutes with the suspected thugs in two […]
The post Thugs Resuced and Whisk Away Senetor Dino Melaye From Police appeared first on Timeofgist.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
With just a few weeks until Mobile World Congress 2018, rumors about the next generation of smartphones are at a fever-pitch. While some manufacturers are choosing to skip major smartphone launches at the annual trade show this year, Samsung is returning to make a splashy debut for the Galaxy S9. As one of the most highly-anticipated phones of 2018, the Galaxy S9 needs to wow us. Here are a few features we'd like to see on the upcoming flagship.
A game-changing camera
Although the camera on the Galaxy S8 is great, it was quickly eclipsed by the iPhone X, the Google Pixel 2, the HTC U11, and even the Galaxy Note 8. We have a hunch Samsung will incorporate the best elements of the Note 8's camera into the S9, and while there's no way to confirm this yet, it's clear the camera is the highlight of the phone. The invitation to its upcoming Unpacked event at MWC has a tagline that reads, “The Camera. Reimagined.”
This year we're expecting to see at least one of the new Galaxy S9 models feature a dual camera array. We're also expecting a huge improvement in low-light photographs with Samsung's new Isocell image sensor on board, and we're excited to potentially see a “Super Slo-mo” mode that will shoot Full HD video at 460 frames per second. We hope any of these improvements will hold up throughout the year when the S8 will inevitably face stiff competition.
Facial recognition
Face ID is a big deal for smartphones. Yes, Apple's unlocking system on the iPhone X is hardly a new technology — Android devices have utilized facial unlocking systems for quite some time, but they were never as secure. Well, Samsung may be ready to go head-to-head with Apple with an awesome face unlock feature.
Galaxy S9 rumors point to a new feature called Intelligent Scan, which combines iris and facial recognition to create a more secure authentication system. While it's sure to be a definite improvement, we're still not sure if it's going to offer the same level of protection as Face ID. What we really want is this system to be reliable, and better utilized in third-party apps. If secure facial recognition exists on the Galaxy S9, you should be able to use it to authenticate and open your Chase Bank app, just like you can with Face ID. Even better, Samsung may be keeping the fingerprint sensor on the S9, and it's always great to give users a choice in case they do not want to use the facial recognition method.
Stereo speakers
Samsung needs to up its audio game with the Galaxy S9, especially since Samsung's acquisition of Harman was completed early in 2017. The Galaxy S8 only has a single bottom-firing speaker, and it's easy to cover it up with your hand when holding the phone in landscape mode. Leaked images of the S9's packaging indicate we may see stereo speakers tuned by Harman's AKG — finally some good audio to pair with a beautiful screen. Still, it doesn't look like these speakers will be front-facing, which is disappointing. We'll have to wait and see.
We'd also be very happy if Samsung kept the headphone jack, because wireless earbuds are still far from perfect.
A better battery
After Samsung's disastrous battery incidents with the Note 7, the company really seemed to get its act together with the Galaxy S8 models and even the Note 8. Last year's flagships featured meaty batteries that last a full day without charging. But after using smartphones like the Huawei Mate 10 Pro and the Razer Phone, we want to see a 4,000mAh battery in the Galaxy S9 so we don't have to deal with battery anxiety.
Storage options
dbrand
While most of the major flagships in 2017 offered a 64GB and 128GB storage model in 2017, the Galaxy S8 only came with 64GB (in the U.S.). We're hoping to see Samsung join the ranks of Apple and offer the Galaxy S9 with a 128GB or 256GB option. We're grateful about the inclusion of the MicroSD card slot, but more internal storage would be great.
The Galaxy S9 will be unveiled at Samsung's Unpacked event on February 25 at Mobile World Congress. If you want to know what else you can expect at the trade show, check out our guide, and tune into our site for complete coverage.
KABUL — Pakistani and Afghan officials have met for a second round of talks about allegations levelled against Islamabad in the wake of recent deadly militant attacks in Kabul that have killed over 200 people.
A joint statement after the day-long meeting in the Afghan capital said the two sides promised to keep talking.
After the recent attacks, Afghan President Ashraf Ghani's government has insisted Pakistan's failure to rout Taliban militants from safe havens on its soil is spurring the insurgency inside Afghanistan.
Kabul also accused Islamabad of harbouring the Taliban, who are allegedly being trained in Islamic seminaries in southwestern Pakistan.
Pakistan denies the charges.
Islamabad says Saturday's meeting was part of a larger dialogue while the Afghans billed it as a response to their accusations against Islamabad.
Have You Actually Stopped To Consider Who Sponsored Dennis Rodman's Latest Trip To North Korea?
Former basketballer and fan of piercings Dennis Rodman is back in North Korea, their arrival coinciding with the release of imprisoned US student Otto Warmbier.
Rodman has been pals with Kim Jong-un for a while now, but this isn't just a trip to visit the world's foremost sufferer of small man syndrome.
Dennis has had their trip sponsored by Potcoin, a digital currency for marijuana.
The guy you buy your street jut / turries from probably won't accept it but, as CBS points out, they're looking to the future over in the US:
Potcoin is an online currency developed to eliminate the necessity of cash between customers and marijuana dispensaries. It hasn't exactly taken off yet, as weed isn't legal under federal law (which invalidates a key part of the model), but the move to sponsor Rodman has certainly paid off. Since Rodman arrived in Pyongyang wearing a Potcoin t-shirt on Tuesday, Potcoin's value saw an 84 percent increase to 17 cents.
This is 2017, and this is the man trusted with bringing “peace and dialogue between both nations”:
I guess part of the deal was travelling in the shirt, too:
It would be fair to say that the success of Potcoin's value was rather short-lived, with BusinessInsider crunching the updated numbers:
PotCoin plummeted 23% on Wednesday, just a day after it soared 97% following the publicity it received from sponsoring Rodman's trip. The currency is valued at just over 13 US cents. Marijuana is illegal under federal law, so the majority of banks won't take cash or open lines of credit for marijuana businesses. PotCoin was developed to facilitate transactions between marijuana consumers and businesses, removing the need for cash.
You like graphs? We have a graph:
It appears Dennis Rodman isn't a great poster boy for Potcoin, and the jury is out on their ability to bring peace and dialogue too.
[sources:cbs&businessinsider]
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Legacy backup solutions are software dinosaurs that have been developed decades ago and still use agents to protect and recover VMs. If you are still using a legacy backup solution for VM backup, there are all chances that you face some of its downsides:
High maintenance cost
Too much time spent on administration
Recovery taking too long
Failed recoveries
Modern backup solutions, such as NAKIVO Backup & Replication, can easily resolve these issues.
Download and read the '21 Reasons Why NAKIVO is Better than Legacy Backup' White Paper
ATLANTA — Jane Fonda used their 80th birthday celebration to raise $1.3 million for their foundation.
The two-time Oscar-winner held the “Eight Decades of Jane” fundraiser at an upscale hotel Saturday night. The event recognized Fonda's life achievements along with their foundation, Georgia Campaign for Adolescent Power & Potential, which they created in 1995.
The Atlanta-based non-profit focuses on teen pregnancy prevention and adolescent health.
Fonda's foundation hosted the event with 228 guests in attendance including CNN founder and ex-husband Ted Turner, their son Troy Garity and producer Paula Weinstein. James Taylor and Carole King performed several songs including “So Far Away” and “You've Got a Friend.”
Dolly Parton, Kerry Washington, Ludacris and Oprah Winfrey shared a toast through a video message.
——
Online: http://www.gcapp.org/celebratingjane
BOSTON (AP) - The host of one of NPR's most successful programs has been suspended while the network investigates sexual misconduct allegations.
The allegations against "On Point" host Tom Ashbrook include that they engaged in "creepy" sex talks and gave unwanted hugs, neck and back rubs to 11 mostly young women and men who worked on the show. They were contained in a document and confirmed in multiple interviews by WBUR-FM, the Boston station that produces the show.
Ashbrook was put on leave last week.
In a text to the station, Ashbrook said: "I am sure that once the facts come out that people will see me for who I am - flawed but caring and decent in all my dealings with others."
"On Point" is carried by more than 290 NPR stations. Ashbrook has hosted for 16 years.
___
Information from: WBUR-FM, http://www.wbur.org
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A serial thief trapped in a “vicious circle” of drug-use and re-offending has been jailed after they struck four times at four stores in the same village.
Carl Reid, 31, formerly of West Lea, Clowne, stole DVDs from McColl's, on Mill Street, in Clowne, DVDs from Tesco, on Mill Green Way, a knife block from Wilkinson's and from Aldi, both on Mill Green Way, according to a Chesterfield magistrates' court hearing.
Prosecuting solicitor Becky Allsop told the hearing on Tuesday, October 3: “The thefts from August 8 and August 12 from McColl's and Tesco were captured by CCTV with the defendant taking DVDs and an energy drink.
“He was interviewed by police and accepted they had stolen the items and sold them on to buy drugs.”
Further CCTV footage captured Reid, according to Mrs Allsop, stealing meat from an Aldi store in Clowne from August 15 and they were identified at Wilkinson's in the town after stealing a knife block on September 6.
The court heard how Reid was still on post sentence supervision at the time of the offences having been released from prison earlier in the year for a previous conviction.
Reid, of no fixed abode, pleaded guilty to the four thefts and also admitted failing to surrender to custody in September when they should have appeared in court and a warrant had to be issued for their arrest.
Defence solicitor Kirsty Sargent said all the thefts were unsophisticated and they were spotted each time and on one occasion they walked past a till with the items in their hands.
Ms Sargent added that Reid has been trapped in a “vicious circle” with long-standing drug issues leading to offending that leads to prison where they have not received support for their addiction before they have been put back into the community with no support or money.
But the probation service stated Reid has failed to attend meetings with them and they have shown a lack of motivation.
Magistrates sentenced Reid to ten weeks of custody. They were also ordered to pay a £115 victim surcharge, £170 costs and £84.97 compensation.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. — The National Junior College Athletic Association has inducted four coaches who have more than 3,500 combined wins into its baseball hall of fame.
Peter Giangrosso, Jerry Halstead, Thomas Arrington and Dave Burroughs will be honoured at a ceremony May 25 at the JUCO World Series banquet in Grand Junction, Colorado.
Giangrosso started the Central Alabama baseball program in 1990. They also served as athletic director at Central Alabama and was inducted into the Alabama Baseball Coaches Association hall of fame in 2001.  They are now a principal in Birmingham, Alabama.
Halstead was in charge of John A. Logan in Illinois for 33 seasons before stepping aside in 2016. They had 1,295 career wins and led the program to the JUCO World Series in 1992 and in '02.
Arrington has been with San Jacinto-North in Texas since 2001 and enters this season with a 742-298 mark, including a 37-22 record at the JUCO World Series — an NJCAA record for wins and games played. Their squad finished runner-up in 2017.
Burroughs enters their 31st season with Cowley College in Kansas and has 1,209 wins. Their teams have won at least 33 games in each of the last 25 seasons. Burroughs was the NJCAA coach of the year in 1997 and '98.
By TIM DAHLBERGAP Boxing Writer
LAS VEGAS (AP) - Floyd Mayweather Jr. and UFC star Conor McGregor will meet Aug. 26 in a boxing match that will feature two of the top-selling fighters in the world.
The two fighters both announced the fight Wednesday, after months of speculation about whether Mayweather would come out of retirement at the age of 40 to face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never had a pro boxing match.
Oddsmakers immediately made Mayweather a big 11-1 favorite in a fight that will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules.
"It's official," Mayweather said on Instagram next to a video poster of both fighters.
"THE FIGHT IS ON," McGregor tweeted several minutes earlier, posting a picture of themselves next to one of Mayweather's father, Floyd Sr.
Mayweather, who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of their pro fights, will face the Irish UFC superstar at the MGM Grand arena. They had tweeted a picture of themselves sparring in recent days to show they were already getting ready for the bout.
"This is really an unprecedented event," said Stephen Espinoza, who heads Showtime Sports, which will handle the pay-per-view. "Really we haven't seen anything in modern history that resembles it, it's impossible to predict how many sales this will do."
Espinoza said the fight came together quickly after McGregor and the UFC reached agreement last month on their end of the deal and Mayweather's team pushed for the fight in recent days.
"All parties were motivated and reasonable and thrilled we could get everything done," they said. "The sky's the limit on this."
Mayweather will fight at the relatively advanced age of 41 in a bout that McGregor has been pushing for months. It finally came together and Nevada boxing officials on Wednesday approved the date for a Mayweather Promotions bout.
Though oddsmakers make Mayweather a big favorite, the thought of the fight has excited many in the MMA world. It has also intrigued some in boxing, though most dismiss McGregor's chances under boxing rules against one of the greatest defensive fighters in history.
Even if the actual bout may not shape up as a great matchup, the run-up to the fight will. Both fighters are noted for their ability to sell their fights, and both have exchanged in trash talking and more to promote their bouts.
"As with every Mayweather and McGregor fight part of the appeal is the spectacle and outsize personalities who are participating in it," Espinoza said.
The pay-per-view revenue for the event would likely gross tens of millions of dollars. It comes less than a month before Gennady Golovkin and Canelo Alvarez meet in a highly anticipated fight Sept. 16 that could rival it for pay-per-view buys.
___
This story has been corrected to show that Mayweather is 40 years old, not 41.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
UDINE, Italy — Udinese fired coach Massimo Oddo on Tuesday and replaced them with former Juventus defender Igor Tudor.
The decision to part with Oddo was expected after Sunday's 2-1 loss to Crotone left the team four points above the relegation zone.
The 41-year-old Oddo replaced Luigi Delneri in November and won their first five league matches, including a 3-1 victory at Inter Milan. But the team has lost the last 11.
Tudor, who turned 40 last week, will work their first training session on Tuesday afternoon.
Tudor, a former Croatia international, began their senior coaching career in 2013 at Hajduk Split, where they won the Croatian Cup. They also coached PAOK Thessaloniki, Karabukspor and Galatasaray. They were fired by Galatasaray in December despite being in second place in the Turkish league.
Hailing form Spartanburg SC, Licita Cromer know by their stage name “Sweet Baby Kita” is the first ever comedian to win at Apollo Theater. We all grew up knowing how tough that crowd was. Kita moved from their home town of Spartanburg to Atlanta GA where she's been building their brand ever since. Working with Kevin Harts- Plastic Cup Boys and more. Check out their full interview with Miss Sophia below.
By Fidelis Munyoro
The Constitutional Court is today expected to decide the case in which Zimbabwe People First leader Joice Mujuru is challenging the validity of a Presidential decree that introduced bond notes.
Mujuru has hired Constitutional law expert Professor Lovemore Madhuku to argue the matter before the full bench of the apex court.  They are seeking the nullification of the regulations for want of fulfilling the constitutional obligations.
The ZimPF leader also wants an order declaring that President Mugabe, by exercising Parliament's primary law-making power through Statutory Instrument 133 of 2016, failed to fulfil their constitutional obligations to obey certain provisions of the Constitution.
In their papers filed with the court, Mujuru's contention is that President Mugabe has no constitutional authority to make statutory instruments and/or amend Acts of Parliament.
The bond notes, introduced in $2 and $5 denominations and backed by a $200 million African Export Import Bank (Afreximbank) loan facility, are at par with the US dollar.
Government is also expected to gradually roll out the $10 and $20 notes.
All the listed respondents – President Mugabe, Parliament, Finance and Economic Development Minister Patrick Chinamasa, Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe Governor Dr John Mangudya and Attorney-General Advocate Prince Machaya – are strenuously opposing Mujuru's application for lack of merit and want it dismissed with costs.
Last September, the apex court threw out Mujuru's request to nullify the executive decree, saying the challenge was premature and speculative because the disputed currency was not yet in circulation.
Two months later, Mujuru went back to the Constitutional Court to contest the legality of a Presidential decree providing a legal framework for the introduction of the bond notes as legal tender in a fresh case. The Herald
Let freedom ring, in the nooks and crannies of the administrative state: One day a year—Lemonade Day—children in Austin, Texas, can sell the stuff without spending $460 on various fees, licenses and permits.
Twelve-year olds in a Tampa middle school, learning about "how much privilege" they have, were asked if they were "Cisgendered," "Transgendered" or "Genderqueer." Two years after Emma was the most common name given to baby American girls, the trend was toward supposedly gender-neutral baby names (e.g., Lincoln, Max, Arlo) lest the child feel enslaved to stereotypes. A New Jersey mother says a police officer interrogated their 9-year-old son after they were suspected of a racial slur when they talked about brownies, the baked good.
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission pondered whether a worker committed racial harassment by wearing a cap emblazoned with the Gadsden flag (depicting a coiled rattlesnake, with the words "Don't Tread on Me"). A University of Iowa professor complained that the Hawkeyes' mascot Herky, a fierce bird, is "conveying an invitation to aggressivity and even violence" that is discordant with the "all accepting, nondiscriminatory messages we are trying to convey."
As President's Day approached, San Diego advised city workers to use "bias-free language" by avoiding the phrase "Founding Fathers." A National Park Service employee giving guided tours to Independence Hall in Philadelphia told tourists that the Declaration of Independence and Constitution were produced by "class elites who were just out to protect their privileged status." The employee praised themselves for them "bravery."
The NBA, which plays preseason games in China, home of forced abortions and organ harvests, moved its 2017 All-Star Game from Charlotte because of North Carolina's law stipulating that transgender individuals should use bathrooms appropriate to their physiology.
The New York Times reported the downside of humanity's mastery of fire: "Figuring out how to make fire was no doubt an evolutionary boon to our ancestors. But it may have led to our smoking habit." Facing a budget shortfall in 2010, New York's Legislature raised the cigarette tax $1.60 to $4.35 per pack, expecting, illogically, that it would discourage smoking and raise $290 million annually. By 2016, cigarette revenues had fallen 25 percent, and smuggled cigarettes held 58 percent of the New York market.
By 2016, six years after the president's wife agitated for federal guidelines limiting sodium, sugar, fats and calories in school lunches, 1.4 million students had exited the National School Lunch Program, and students had a robust black market in salt and sugar. A tweet with the hashtag #ThanksMichelleObama said, "The first lady can have a personal chef, but I can't have two packets of ketchup?"
After Connecticut imposed its fifth tax increase since 2011, General Electric moved its headquarters from there to Boston. CKE Restaurants includes the Carl's Jr. chain, which was founded in California and ignited the fast-food industry. CKE announced that it was moving its headquarters from California (the highest income tax rate: 13 percent) to Tennessee (the highest income tax rate: zero).
Congress considered bills to prevent the IRS from hiring or retaining people delinquent in their tax payments. Unions in New York and California lobbied for exemption from the $15 minimum wage they lobbied for. It was splendidly appropriate that when Cuba buried the architect of its ramshackle socialism, the vehicle carrying Castro's ashes broke down and had to be pushed by soldiers.
"Thou swell, thou witty, thou sweet, thou grand" were not lyrics that many Americans sang about either presidential candidate, but one of them had to win, so as you steel yourself for 2017, remember H.L. Mencken's timeless wisdom: A martini is "the only American invention as perfect as the sonnet."
Will writes for the Washington Post. Readers can reach them at georgewill@washpost.com.
NEW DELHI — Iraqi authorities have found the bodies of 39 Indian workers who were abducted by militants from the Mosul area three years ago, India's foreign minister said Tuesday.
The abducted workers, mostly from northern India, had been employed by a construction company near Mosul when militants overran the Iraqi city and seized wide swaths of territory. Relatives said they received phone calls from some of the workers five days after Mosul was captured in 2015 saying they needed help.
Around 10,000 Indians worked and lived in Iraq at that time
Indian External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj told lawmakers in Parliament on Tuesday that the bodies were recently found buried in a mound of earth near Badush, a village northwest of Mosul that Iraqi forces had taken back from the Islamic State group last July.
Search operations led to a mound in Badush where local residents said bodies had been buried by the Islamic State group, Swaraj said.
Iraqi authorities used radar to establish that the mound was a mass grave, they said, and exhumed the bodies. Indian authorities then sent DNA samples of relatives of the missing workers.
Swaraj said Iraqi authorities informed the Indian government on Monday that DNA tests confirmed that 38 of them were the kidnapped workers. The DNA test for the remaining body has yet to be fully confirmed.
Share
IBM kicked off its Think 2018 conference today with a bombshell announcement: It has made the world's smallest computer, and it's designed from the ground up to work with the blockchain. The computer itself is smaller than a single grain of salt, coming in at 1 millimeter by 1 millimeter and reportedly has about the same computing power as a 1990s era CPU.
“The world's smallest computer is an IBM-designed edge device architecture and computing platform that is smaller than a grain of salt will cost less than ten cents to manufacture, and can monitor, analyze, communicate, and even act on data,” IBM claims. “It packs several hundred thousand transistors into a footprint barely visible to the human eye and can help verify that a product has been handled properly throughout its long journey.”
Impressive as it is, for its size, it's not the kind of chip you're going to see in a mobile device any time soon, it's made for something a little different. These microscopic CPUs are designed to be disposable. They'll spend their lifetimes stuck to products in transit to ensure they arrive where they need to without being tampered with.
“Within the next five years, cryptographic anchors — such as ink dots or tiny computers smaller than a grain of salt — will be embedded in everyday objects and devices,” says IBM's Arvind Krishna. “They'll be used in tandem with blockchain's distributed ledger technology to ensure an object's authenticity from its point of origin to when it reaches the hands of the customer.”
Essentially, these CPUs will be embedded in tags or product packaging, and they'll log every movement the product makes, from shipment to delivery. They could also be used to ensure the authenticity of luxury goods.
“These technologies pave the way for new solutions that tackle food safety, authenticity of manufactured components, genetically modified products, identification of counterfeit objects, and provenance of luxury goods,” Krishna continues.
So, it's fair to say the breakthrough here isn't just the size of these computers, it's their potential use. Think of them like the bar codes on items in the grocery store. But instead of communicating price info, these CPUs could tell you everything about the product — where it was made, by whom, and where it's been.
Bring out the strawberries and cream! Sue Barker will be reporting live from Wimbledon as the BBC celebrates 90 years of coverage, from early radio broadcasts in 1927 to today's exhaustive analysis of the tournament across TV, radio and online.
Here's everything you need to know about how to follow along. Just remember your Wimbledon ettiquette: "Quiet, please."
When does Wimbledon start?
Wimbledon 2017 kicks off on Monday 3rd July, and runs until Sunday 16th July.
But this year, for the first time, the BBC will also be providing live coverage of the qualifying matches at the Bank of England Sports Club in Roehampton. This takes place 26th and 29th June ahead of the main event, and can be watched on the BBC Sport website and app.
How to watch Wimbledon on TV
The coverage on BBC1 and BBC2 will be led as usual by presenter and former pro tennis player Sue Barker. They will host daily from the England Tennis Club for two weeks, where they will also be joined by the likes of former Wimbledon champions Boris Becker, Martina Navratilova, John McEnroe and Billie Jean King.
Also joining the line-up will be Vijay Amritraj, Tracy Austin, Jamie Baker, Chris Bradnam, Charlie Brougham, James Burridge, Pat Cash, Andrew Castle, Matt Chilton, Andrew Cotter, Annabel Croft, Barry Davies, Jo Durie, Peter Fleming, Paul Hand, Tim Henman, John Inverdale, John Lloyd, Dan Lobb, John McEnroe, Ronald McIntosh, David Mercer, Nick Mullins, Peter Odgers, Mark Petchey, Louise Pleming, Simon Reed, Gigi Salmon, Sam Smith and Liz Smylie.
Reports and features will come from Lee McKenzie, Ore Oduba, Rishi Persad and Phil Jones.
Today at Wimbledon: BBC2 will be home to the nightly highlights programme Today at Wimbledon, with Clare Balding at the helm. She'll be reporting from the open air studio by The Hill and will give the lowdown on the day's play, with the help of expert analysis.
BBC1 documentary with Sue Barker: There will also be a BBC1 documentary fronted by Sue Barker looking back at the history of Wimbledon, and putting the focus on some of the greatest players in Wimbledon history – from Bjorn Borg and Billie Jean King to Pete Sampras to Andy Murray. Barker themselves has seen The Championships from the inside for 50 years, and now she'll be travelling far and wide to catch up with the biggest names in tennis.
How to listen to Wimbledon on the radio
BBC Radio 5 live promises "100 hours of action" for eager tennis fans. Tony Livesey and Eleanor Oldroyd will be reporting live from the England Tennis Club throughout The Championships.
Over on 5 live sports extra, Karthi Gnanasegaram will present coverage of the day's early matches.
Former tennis champions and experts will be on hand to provide analysis, including Pat Cash, Jana Novotna, Mary Pierce, Leon Smith, Annabel Croft, Mats Wilander, Mark Woodforde, Miles Maclagan, Jeff Tarango, Tracy Austin, Fabrice Santoro, Jeremy Bates, Naomi Broady and Naomi Cavaday.
Leading the commentary team will be BBC Sport's tennis correspondent Russell Fuller. Others on board include David Law, Gigi Salmon, Jonathan Overend, Vassos Alexander, Iain Carter, Alastair Eykyn, Philip Studd, Delyth Lloyd, Alastair Bruce-Ball and Sara Orchard.
Wimbledon's Greatest Moment: On June 28th at 8:30pm-10:30pm on Radio 5 live, Jonathan Overend and a panel of experts will count down the top 10 highlights from the last 90 years as voted for by the public.
6-love-6: Former Wimbledon champion John McEnroe will return once again to host 6-love-6, taking calls from listeners and chatting with guests about the tournament so far.
See matches from every court online
The BBC Sport website and app will feature 15 live HD video streams to capture the action from every court, broadcasting at bbc.co.uk/sport. The site will also provide text commentary, audience interaction, rolling highlights, in-depth pundit analysis and infographics.
Andy Murray, the current men's singles champion, will give Wimbledon fans an insight into their journey on their BBC Sport blog.
Special coverage on BBC Scotland
BBC Scotland will have daily reports on the progress of Andy Murray – and any other Scots in the competition, of course.
BBC Regions and Local Radio
BBC Regions and Local Radio will follow the progress of all the British players in the Championship, including those in the wheelchair and junior events.
The Georgey Spanswick Show: On 4th July, across Local Radio, this programme will come live from Wimbledon from 7pm.
Dell enjoyed a solid 2016, with the XPS 13 maintaining its place at the top of the Windows 10 Ultrabook market and enjoying a nice refresh at the tail end of 2016, and the company generally putting out well-built machines that more than refurbished its reputation as a quality PC vendor. Now, it's becoming obvious that Dell is serious about continuing to leverage the revitalization of the Windows ecosystem.
For example, Dell is jumping into the Windows 10 2-in-1 market with some gusto, with a new XPS 13 2-in-1 model that takes what's best about its traditional notebook sibling and adds in some flexibility. In addition, the company has introduced the “world's overall thinnest” monitor, the S2718D, for good measure, taking advantage of the InfinityEdge tiny bezel design to offer a display that's perfectly matched to the excellent XPS line.
If you've ever used an XPS 13, then you might have found yourself thinking about how nice it would be if that lovely screen could just swivel around for use as a tablet. Or, maybe you wanted to flip it around to tent mode for watching a video, and the screen just wouldn't comply. After all, that incredibly thin InfinityEdge bezel makes for a nicely sized chassis for a machine with a 13.3-inch display.
Key Specs 13.3-inch QHD+ or Full HD InfinityEdge touch display Core i5-7Y54 or Core i7-7Y75 processor options Up to 16GB LPDDR3 RAM Up to 1TB PCIe SSD Intel HD 615 graphics 46 watt-hour battery USB Type-C with Thunderbolt 3, USB Type-C 3.1 with PowerShare, microSD Card slot
If that's something that would appeal to you, then you're in luck. Dell has done exactly what you want — they've taken the excellent XPS 13, massaged the design to accommodate a 360-degree hinge, and pushed out a new XPS 13 2-in-1 that looks like it's the best of both the traditional notebook and convertible tablet worlds.
Just looking at Dell's new machine, you wouldn't be blamed for mistaking it for the XPS 13. It has the same aluminum chassis and carbon fiber palm rest, and the same conservative good looks. It's a small device — in fact, Dell calls it the “smallest 13-inch 2-in-1 on the planet” — and you'll notice the lack of USB 3.0 port and additional USB Type-C port that takes its place. There's also a new battery gauge button and indicator borrowed from the XPS 15 along the right-hand side. But otherwise, it's a very familiar design.
Dell didn't stray too far from the XPS 13 in terms of the display. The XPS 13 2-in-1 offers the same 13.3-inch screen in an 11-inch chassis with UltraSharp QHD+ (3200 x 1800) and Full HD options. Touch, of course, is standard on both, as is Gorilla Glass NBT to keep the display scratch-free.
More: Dell XPS 13 review (Kaby Lake)
Where things get different, of course, is in the ability to transform the XPS 13 2-in-1 into the now-common notebook, tent mode, presentation mode, and tablet configurations. The steel hinge is nondescript compared to, say, Lenovo's Yoga 910, but it nevertheless makes for a distinctive new aesthetic element that gives away the machine's intended use.
Another difference is in Dell's selection of Intel's Kaby Lake Core i5-7Y54 and Core i7-7Y75 processors. As has been noted with some other 2-in-1 machines like the Acer Spin 7, these processors provide the benefit of being cool-running and so enabling fanless and ultra-quiet systems, but their performance leaves something to be desired.
Time will tell if the 46 watt-hour battery that Dell has put in the XPS 13 2-in-1 will be sufficient to provide better battery life than we're seeing from other very thin machines in this class. Dell promises 15 hours with the Full HD display for productivity applications, and nine hours of Netflix streaming, which would be superior battery life if that's not just marketing fluff.
Finally, the XPS 13 2-in-1 display supports the optional Dell Active Pen with 2048 levels of pressure sensitivity, making it a true competitor to Microsoft's Surface line of 2-in-1s and some other manufacturer's machines that support pen input. And, Dell has included a fingerprint scanner for Windows Hello support. Unfortunately, the first 2-in-1 use of Dell's InfinityEdge thin bezel design also means the webcam is in the same unfortunate position at the bottom of the screen.
John Essey and family live in a modest, two-story home on a tree-lined street in the suburbs north of Pittsburgh. From the outside, it looks like any other house in the neighborhood, but this house has a brain.
"It knows we're home. Doors unlock, [it] kinda sets the mood for the rest of the house too, turns on lights, sets the thermostat accordingly," Essey says.
Essey is an engineer at Uber and an early adopter of the Internet of things. They can control their lights with their Amazon Echo or an array of touchpad sensors he's installed throughout the home. Sensors tell them when there's water in the basement or a leak under the sink.
While Essey's setup might sound a little like science fiction it's a prototype of the future. Some critics are worried these devices won't be secure and that companies will use them to spy on us to make money.
Gierad Laput, a Ph.D. student at Carnegie Mellon University, says as the Internet of things becomes more engrained in our daily lives, there are a couple of ways people are turning ordinary homes into smart homes.
"One way is basically to buy all the appliances, smart oven, smart dishwasher, smart microwave, smart toaster, all these things," Laput says.
But that stuff is really expensive. Smart refrigerators can cost $3,000 or more. And Laput said those devices don't always talk to each other, especially if they're made by different manufacturers.
The other way is to get sensors, and put them on everything you want to monitor.
"But then those get really unwieldy and you've got all these things sticking around and they look ugly and socially obtrusive," Laput says.
So Laput and their team wanted to see if they could build just one sensor that could monitor a whole range of activity in a room. And they did. It doesn't look like much; just a little 2-inch-square circuit board that plugs into the wall. The board senses about a dozen different facets of its environment: vibrations, sounds, light color and so on. The sensor communicates wirelessly with a computer, which interprets everything it picks up.
Laput demonstrated how the sensor works by turning on a blender. Almost immediately, a text box saying "blender running" popped up on a computer screen along with a purple squiggly line representing the blender's vibration.
Laput turned on a light, and the screen said, "light on."
Laput says they imagine both domestic and commercial applications for such a sensor. It could tell you that you left your stove on or that you're almost out of paper towels in the bathroom at the restaurant you own.
But critics say there's a catch.
"Surveillance is now the business model of the Internet. Companies make money spying on you," says Bruce Schneier, an Internet security expert and the chief technology officer at IBM's cybersecurity arm. "When the app says I can detect when you're out of paper towels, they're not doing it for your best interest, they're doing it because they want to sell you paper towels."
Schneier pointed to Roomba, the little automated vacuum from iRobot. The company's CEO said last month that the device could soon start mapping your home, raising concerns that that data could be sold for a profit. The company swiftly clarified that it would only collect and share data if customers consented.
But on top of the issue of surveillance, Schneier says makers of Internet-of-things devices just aren't prioritizing security.
"We're building a world-sized robot without even realizing it," they say.
That robot has eyes and ears that collect data, brains that process it and arms and legs that take action in the real world.
But arms and legs can kick and punch, and more eyes and ears — like Laput's sensor — could make those kicks and punches both more accurate and more devastating.
Jurgen Klopp accepts they may be criticised for substituting Mohamed Salah after the forward ran riot against former club Roma in the Champions League semi-final.
Salah scored a first-half brace then set up Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino after the break as Liverpool raced into an incredible 5-0 lead against the Serie A side at Anfield on Tuesday.
But when Klopp opted to withdraw Salah for Danny Ings with 15 minutes remaining, the switch sparked a stunning Roma fightback, late Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti goals leaving the tie somewhat improbably balanced.
Roma overturned a three-goal first-leg deficit in the last round against Barcelona but Klopp explained they were not prepared to risk Salah's fitness, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain having suffered a first-half knee injury that could end their season.
"Outstanding. Pretty much can't defend [against him]," Klopp told a post-match news conference of Salah's spectacular showing.
"The way we played after the first 15 minutes and adapted to their formation, we played how we played, they have a massive impact.
"I like the other boys too but the first goal is a genius strike. They scored a few like this, it is even more special as it is no coincidence.
"Second goal is brilliant play, Bobby between the lines, and they are cool in the moment. Then they made the other two goals, right?
"So if anyone wants to say it's my mistakes we conceded the last two goals because I changed the striker I have no problem with that.
"I didn't think we prepared our passes that well after [the substitution]. Mo was running for all of them and we don't want them to get injured."
Despite being full of praise for the newly crowned PFA Players' Player of the Year, Klopp stopped short of saying Salah has eclipsed Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo due to their staggering form.
"What a player. You always create stories," Klopp said. "If you think he's the best in the world write it or say it, whatever, they are outstanding and world class, 100 per cent.
"To be the best in the world you must do it over a long period and there are other guys who are not bad. He's fantastic and I am very happy to have him."
Klopp also rejected a suggestion the match would have been different had Salah still been playing for their former side.
"I'm not interested in that to be honest, it is like it is," Klopp added. "If Neymar does not go to PSG from Barcelona, [Philippe] Coutinho is still here, so it's all different then. It is like it is.
"We hoped they had that impact yes, and they play a season that is not normal. We hope and try to help them to continue, that's the job we have to do.
"It's a team game but we need players to make decisions and do the decisive things, they are really good at this and we are really happy that we could get them in the summer."
Name: Hunter Schafer
Age: 19
Hometown: Raleigh, N.C.
Currently Lives: In a four-bedroom loft in the Bushwick section of Brooklyn that “looks like it's from a sitcom or something,” they said.
Claim to Fame: Mx. Schafer, who prefers that nongendered courtesy title, is an artist, designer and model who has appeared on the cover of Teen Vogue and in runway shows for Mansur Gavriel, Versus Versace and Helmut Lang. “Walking runway has been something I didn't even think would be a possibility in my lifetime with my circumstances and my origins,” they said.
Mx. Schafer was assigned male at birth, but always found themselves searching for and expressing femininity through art and fashion. They started transitioning during high school. “What I'm trying to do in all senses is deconstructed our idea of gender, and use the privileges that come with looking like a model to bring attention to that,” they said.
Big Break: Mx. Schafer first made headlines in 2016, when they became a plaintiff in the American Civil Liberties Union's lawsuit against North Carolina's House Bill 2, which forced individuals to use bathrooms corresponding to the sex assigned to them at birth.
In what was either a genius troll or the result of sheet music getting mixed up, the house band at the Grammys celebrated Megadeth's win for Best Metal Performance for “Dystopia” by playing Metallica's classic “Master of Puppets” as the band took the stage. Lead singer Dave Mustaine, who gave the group's acceptance speech, did not show any signs of being upset, unless that air guitar they were doing while wending their way toward the podium was disingenuous.
Watch below.
ALBANY, N.Y. — Joe Cremo scored a career-high 31 points and Albany pulled away late in the second half to beat New Hampshire 83-74 on Saturday night.
Albany (18-7, 6-4 America East Conference) dropped a three-point decision to New Hampshire (9-15, 5-5) on Jan. 6, and now has won 10 of the last 14 games against the Wildcats.
The games were tied 54-54 when the Great Danes used a 20-10 run for a 74-64 lead with about three minutes left. Cremo scored 11 points and David Nichols made two 3-pointers during the stretch.
Cremo was 8-of-12 shooting and hit 11 of 14 free throws. Nichols added 18 points, Travis Charles had 14 and Greig Stire chipped in 10 for Albany.
Iba Camara had 20 points and 10 rebounds to lead New Hampshire, which has lost two straight and three of its last five games. Tanner Leissner added 15 points.
The Capitals had a strong defensive showing in Sunday's win over the Ottawa Senators.
One day after exploding for six goals in a victory over New Jersey, the Washington Capitals were back on the ice trying to start the new year with a win. It was a much different game than the day before, but Washington escaped with a 2-1 victory over the Ottawa Senators.
On a night in which the offense was stagnant, Washington got a big game from goaltender Braden Holtby and the defense.
Holtby was a beast in net and had a very impressive game. Their only blemish was a shot from Kyle Turris that beat them in the second period. Overall, Holtby stopped 23 of the 24 shots that they faced en route to their 16th win of the season.
While the goaltending was superb, the blueliners playing in front of Holtby were extra special Sunday night. The defensemen were active all night on both ends of the ice. Both goals came from defenseman.
More from Stars and Sticks
Karl Alzner tied the game late in the second period on a wicked blast just after their team successfully killed off a penalty. Taylor Chorney, who has been in and out of the lineup all season, scored their first of the year to put the Caps ahead. Chorney's goal game early in the third period and the Capitals never looked back.
Fellow blueliner Brooks Orpik assisted on the game-winning goal.
The story recently for the Capitals has been the play of the penalty killers. Washington once again kept an opponent without a power-play goal. Ottawa failed on all four chances is had on the man advantage.
With the game far from over, the biggest moment came midway through the third period. Washington killed off a two-man advantage for two minutes when Evgeny Kuznetsov and Brooks Orpik were both whistled for infractions.
Washington has now killed 40-of-41 penalties over the last 10 games.
The Capitals have won two straight games and will remain at home to host the Toronto Maple Leafs Tuesday night.
This article originally appeared on
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: Starrfmonline.com
2017-10-06
One person is reported dead after the heavy downpour
One person is reported dead after the heavy downpour in the Ashanti region on Friday.
The 30-year-old man died at Abuakwa Manhyia after they were found in the rainwater.
The rains which lasted for about four hours left a lot of people stranded at their homes as floods took over streets and some properties in Kumasi, the Ashanti regional capital.
The national capital Accra also tasted the devastating floods with former President JJ Rawlings being one of the worst affected inhabitants. The fence wall of their Ridge residence collapsed during the downpour
Commuters at areas such as Kaneshie, Santa Maria, Awoshie, Mallam, East Legon and Race Course were left frustrated as the flood created gridlock in most parts of the city.
In Kumasi, Ultimate FM's Patricia Ama Bonsu reported that pigs were spotted floating on flood waters at TUC in Dakwodwom.
Areas affected by the flood include Patasi, Santasi roundabout off to Star junction, Pankrono, Apire, Maakro, Tanoso, Suame, Sawabo among others.
The Ghana Meteorological Agency has warned there will be more rains in the coming days.
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Mercedes reserve Pascal Wehrlein has reached agreement to join Sauber for the 2017 Formula 1 season, as the post-Nico Rosberg driver market picture becomes clearer.
Wehrlein's deal is a precursor to Valtteri Bottas being announced as Rosberg's replacement at Mercedes.
Sources with good knowledge of the situation told Autosport's sister title Motorsport.com that Mercedes has now agreed terms for Sauber to take on its junior driver Wehrlein.
Final details of the contract are still to be finalised, but should be completed in the next few days.
Wehrlein and Bottas had quickly emerged as the leading contenders to replace Rosberg at Mercedes following the world champion's shock retirement.
It is understood Mercedes felt Wehrlein's lack of experience after just one F1 season with Manor made it too risky to promote them into its lead team alongside Lewis Hamilton at present.
Wehrlein's move to Sauber as Felipe Nasr's replacement had been on the cards anyway before Rosberg's announcement shook up the market.
Mercedes set its sights on Bottas as its preferred Rosberg replacement early on, but initially met resistance from Williams.
The Grove team, which has run Bottas for their entire F1 career so far, was unwilling to release them unless it could secure a suitably experienced replacement to partner its rookie 2017 signing Lance Stroll.
Felipe Massa's decision to delay their retirement by another season and race for Williams again this year resolved that problem.
The official announcements of Bottas, Wehrlein and Massa's deals may well be co-ordinated to ensure that none of the teams involved risks being left in an awkward position.
Confirmation of Mercedes, Sauber and Williams's plans means that the only vacancies left on the grid are now at Manor, which is currently in takeover talks with interested investors.
Ousted Haas driver Esteban Gutierrez is a frontrunner for one of the seats there, with Nasr also a contender and Rio Haryanto working on a return after driving for Manor for the first half of 2016.
LIKELY 2017 F1 DRIVER LINE-UP
Mercedes: Lewis Hamilton, Valtteri Bottas
Red Bull: Daniel Ricciardo, Max Verstappen
Ferrari: Sebastian Vettel, Kimi Raikkonen
Force India: Sergio Perez, Esteban Ocon
Williams: Felipe Massa, Lance Stroll
McLaren: Fernando Alonso, Stoffel Vandoorne
Toro Rosso: Carlos Sainz Jr, Daniil Kvyat
Haas: Romain Grosjean, Kevin Magnussen
Renault: Nico Hulkenberg, Jolyon Palmer
Sauber: Pascal Wehrlein, Marcus Ericsson
Manor: tba, tba
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
NEW DELHI — India's main opposition Congress party on Monday named Rahul Gandhi, the scion of the country's Nehru-Gandhi political dynasty, as party president.
Gandhi was elected to the post unopposed and succeeds their mother, Sonia Gandhi, for the top job in the party.
The party had governed India for decades before the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata party swept to power in 2014. Gandhi faces the difficult task of resurrecting a crumbling Congress party, a task made harder by a series of crushing defeats in state elections over the last year.
Gandhi, 47, entered politics in 2004 and is a member of India's Parliament. They were appointed party vice-president in 2013.
Sonia Gandhi has led the party for 19 years. They have had health problems over the last few years, but the family and party have released little information about them.
Rahul Gandhi becomes the sixth member of the Nehru-Gandhi family to lead Congress. Their father, Rajiv Gandhi, their grandmother Indira Gandhi and their great-grandfather Jawaharlal Nehru have served as prime minister since India's independence from British colonialists in 1947.
Here are my pre-qualifying picks for the Food City 500:
Driver 1: Joey Logano $12,800
Driver 2: Kyle Busch $11,400
Driver 3: Kurt Busch $10,100
Driver 4: Ricky Stenhouse Jr. $8,600
Driver 5: Dale Earnhardt Jr. $6,600
I will have my picks updated on my website (Fantasy Racing Tips) after the last practice.
FOX Fantasy Auto Resources
– Driver Owner Percentage
– Driver Salaries
And don't forget – prizes are on the line each race of the fantasy season! First, second and third place each win a prize. Plus, each race builds your point total for larger segment and season prizes.
*Stats from Driveraverages.com and career stats from Racing-Reference.Info…
If you need any further advice with your team or want to see my updated picks after Happy Hour practice, look for me on Twitter (@MrFantasyNASCAR).
LAT Photographic Scott R LePage
AMMAN (Reuters) - The Syrian army regained the strategic town of Soran near the city of Hama in the central part of western Syria on Sunday with an assault backed by heavy Russian air strikes, rebels and residents said.
Most of the rebels had retreated from the town after troops stormed it following dozens of strikes by jets believed to be Russian since dawn, including so-called parachute bombs that also targeted other towns in the area, including Latamneh and Kafr Zeita.
"There was hysterical bombing that targeted the town and the whole area and rebels fought fierce battles until they were forced to pull out," said one rebel, a member of the Jaish al Izza group, which has a strong presence in Hama province who requested anonymity.
The army was aided by Iranian-backed Shi'ite militias who had supported the over-stretched government forces, rebels say.
The stronghold of Soran is the army's northern gateway to the city of Hama, the provincial capital. It had been captured by the army last year, then lost in the latest rebel offensive.
The army's advance into Soran rolls back most of the territorial gains made by rebels, who include jihadist groups, after a major offensive last month in northern Hama province in the center of the populated west of the country.
The rebels in retaliation had fired scores of rockets on the nearby Hama military airport. Videos downloaded on social media showed plumes of smoke rising from a distance.
Jaish al Nasr, a Free Syrian Army rebel group, said it had hit the airport with forty rockets, leading to several fires in the compound of the air base.
The rebels still hold the strategic town of Morek, north of Hama city. It lies on a major north-south highway crucial to control of western Syria.
(Reporting by Suleiman Al-Khalidi, editing by Larry King)
THE FARMVILLE PLANNING COMMISSION IS HOLDING A PUBLIC HEARING NEXT WEEK. DARRELL MOODY HAS THE DETAILS…
TOWN MANAGER GERALD SPATES TELLS ME THEY'RE GOING TO TALK ABOUT PLANS FOR A PROPERTY ON FIRST STREET…
(cut)
THE PUBLIC HEARING IS SLATED FOR NEXT WEDNESDAY, THE 26th AT 7 O'CLOCK INSIDE FARMVILLE TOWN COUNCIL CHAMBERS.
UK's May faces calls to soften Brexit as political limbo drags on
Britain entered a sixth day of political limbo on Wednesday with Prime Minister Theresa May yet to seal a deal to prop up their minority government and facing calls to soften their stance on Brexit days before negotiations on leaving the EU begin.
May's team will resume talks with Northern Ireland's Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) on a deal to secure their support in parliament after they failed to win an outright majority in the June 8 election.
May said on Tuesday that talks with the DUP had been productive, a view shared by DUP leader Arlene Foster, and that Brexit negotiations would begin as planned next week.
“I think there is a unity of purpose among people in the United Kingdom,” May said following a meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron on Tuesday.
“It's a unity of purpose, having voted to leave the EU, that their government gets on with that and makes a success of it.”
Pressure was mounting for May to change course on the type of Brexit Britain should pursue.
The Times newspaper said finance minister Philip Hammond would push May not to leave the customs union, an arrangement which guarantees tariff-free trade within the bloc but prohibits members from striking third-party trade deals.
The report cited unnamed sources, and the finance ministry declined to comment.
Nevertheless, it illustrated the challenge May will face in the remaining days before the EU divorce talks begin: finding a position that satisfies both pro-European and eurosceptic factions of their party if they want to remain in power.
May will also be reliant upon the 10 lawmakers from the eurosceptic DUP, who would help them edge past the 326 votes needed in parliament to avoid the government collapsing.
A deal with the DUP also risks destabilising Northern Ireland by increasing the influence of pro-British unionists.
They have struggled for years with Irish nationalists, who want the British province to join a united Ireland.
Former British Prime Minister John Major said they were concerned May's plan to govern with the support of the DUP could pitch the province back into turmoil by persuading ‘hard men' on both sides of the divide to return to violence.
Irish nationalist party Sinn Fein said the prospect of a British agreement with the DUP was causing anxiety and fear.
Brexit minister David Davis has insisted the approach to the EU divorce has not changed, but May has recognised that a broader consensus needs to be built for Brexit and has made clear they would listen to all wings of the party on the issue.
Also, former Prime Minister David Cameron said May needed to listen to rival political parties, and that there would be pressure for a softer Brexit.
May faces a difficult balancing act. Divisions over Europe helped sink the premierships of Margaret Thatcher, Major and Cameron, and many of their lawmakers and party membership support a sharp break with the EU.
The performance of the British economy could also influence perceptions of Brexit.
Government bond prices suffered heavy losses on Tuesday after consumer price inflation jumped to 2.9 per cent in May.
As European leaders tried to fathom exactly how Britain would begin the negotiations, German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said Germany wanted a Brexit deal that would limit negative consequences for the bloc but also did not want it to weaken Britain.
The veteran conservative predicted that Britain would regret its departure from the bloc at some point in the future.
France's Macron said the EU's door was still open for Britain as long as the negotiations were not finished, but that it would be difficult to reverse course.
The post UK's May faces calls to soften Brexit as political limbo drags on appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
In some places, garbage and fire trucks are being put in place at entrances to festivals or markets, they add.
Similar safety measures were in effect in Toronto on Monday night, with streets closed near the Air Canada Centre where the Maple Leafs were playing an NHL playoff game.
Wilner says several vehicles used in recent attacks have been rentals and there may be some appetite for creating a registry to help prevent similar occurrences. What a registry or database would look like is unclear, they add.
Mubin Shaikh, an expert on counterterrorism, says they think a no rental list would be a reactive measure that would have minimal impact.
If there are restrictions on rentals, people can still borrow or steal vehicles, they note.
"A criminal will try to take whatever they can, however they can," they say.
"Will it deter the determined attacker? Probably not."
Shaikh, who is from Toronto, said they heard about Monday's tragedy after landing at an air force base in Germany where they were scheduled to give a briefing on attacks using vehicles.
"Unfortunately, this is the reality in which we live nowadays," they said, adding that he's become hyper-vigilant when walking down the street and is constantly looking for cement planters or pillars that they could hide behind if a vehicle jumps the curb.
"At the end of the day, it's impossible (to prevent). We live in an open society and vehicles are in our proximity all the time. That's normal city life."
By Gemma Karstens-Smith, The Canadian Press
BURLINGTON, Iowa (AP) — The first thing Alice Tjaden does every morning is look out their window to see if the sky over the Mississippi River is cloudy or clear.
Source: LacrosseTribune.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
It's 1925 and we find the Shelby family as we've never seen them before: estranged, seeking respite from the dangerous, criminal lives they once led. But their peace is short-lived – a new threat from the Mafia, in the form of Adrien Brody's Luca Changretta, means the Peaky Blinders must unite once again if they're to have any hope of survival.
Advertisement
Will retreat to Small Heath, Birmingham – the slum where they're known and protected – keep the wolves at bay? Or will Tommy's dangerous new alliances come back to bite him?
Peaky Blinders series four airs on Wednesdays at 9pm on BBC2 – but before you tune in, remind yourself of whom the Shelby's and their associates and enemies are…
Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy)
Head of the Shelby gang, we find Tommy a shell of themselves in series four. A year on from the ‘deal' which saw their family saved from the noose, the mobster is estranged from most of their kin, living alone with their son Charlie after the death of wife Grace (Annabelle Wallis) at the start of series three. But a new threat from Mafia boss Luca Changretty forces the Shelbys to close ranks in a bid to preserve their very existence – and in their time of need, they turn to Tommy.
Who is Cillian Murphy?
A star of the big and small screen, Cillian Murphy has cropped up in a string of films from 28 Days Later to Red Eye to Ken Loach's The Wind That Shakes the Barley.  They are a long-time collaborator of director Christopher Nolan, appearing in their Batman trilogy as the Scarecrow, as well as Inception and last summer's WWI epic Dunkirk. Murphy is currently filming Anna – a French crime thriller directed by Luc Besson.
Aunt Polly (played by Helen McCrory)
Aunt Polly was one of Tommy Shelby's closest confidants and a pillar of support – that is, until their nephew had them arrested by the police and almost sent them to their death at the gallows. The encounter has left Polly frail and reliant on the pills they were fed during their time behind bars as their relationship with their family lies in tatters.
Who is Helen McCrory?
Helen McCrory made a name for themselves playing one woman in particular – Cherie Blair – after portraying the Prime Minister's wife in both The Queen (2006) and The Special Relationship (2010). But their career extends far beyond that, with roles as Francoise in Charlotte Gray, Clair Dowar in Skyfall and Draco Malfoy's mum Narcissa in the final three Harry Potter films. Earlier this year they led ITV drama Fearless as Emma Banville.
Luca Changretta (played by Adrien Brody)
Luca lands on British shores fresh from New York, seeking vengeance for their murdered kinsman (who met their maker thanks to the Shelby brothers). With Tommy & co in their sights and revenge on their mind, could this Mafia mobster be the Shelbys' most dangerous foe yet?
Who is Adrien Brody?
Adrien Brody may not be the first Hollywood actor to join Peaky Blinders but he's the first Oscar winner to grace the series; The Pianist, released in 2002, made them an international star, and the youngest actor to get their hands on an Academy Award. Since then he's starred in The Village, King Kong and Predators and has become a frequent collaborator of director Wes Anderson, appearing in The Darjeeling Limited, Fantastic Mr. Fox and The Grand Budapest Hotel.
Arthur Shelby (played by Paul Anderson)
Once Tommy's right hand man, nowadays Arthur enjoys a bucolic existence in the countryside with wife Linda and their child – a million miles from the war-ravaged character we met in series one. But with the threat from the Mafia hanging over the Shelbys, how long can their rural idyll last?
Who is Paul Anderson?
Arthur Shelby may be their biggest role to date, but Paul Anderson has enjoyed a string of parts on TV and in films, including the lead in 2009 Brit flick The Firm. Other movie appearances include '71, Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows and The Revenant, while on television he's shown up in The Great Train Robbery, Top Boy and Lewis.
John Shelby (played by Joe Cole)
Like their brother Arthur, John decamped to the countryside after Tommy's betrayal to live peacefully with wife Esme and their kids. Once a loyal soldier of Tommy's, will they take up arms again when the Shelbys find themselves in danger?
Who is Joe Cole?
28-year-old Joe has had a string of roles, from Luke in Skins to Tommy in Offender and Reece in Green Room. They also played Trevor in The Hour and will appear in episode Hang the DJ in the upcoming series of Black Mirror. Behind the scenes, Joe has spoken of penning a comedy series with Matt Lucas. Their real-life brother Finn plays fellow Peaky member Michael Gray.
Ada Shelby (played by Sophie Rundle)
Tommy's sister Ada has had their fair share of grief thanks to their brothers' business dealings. But they are – in many ways – the glue that holds them together, so when they sweep back home on a visit from their new life in Boston, they set about rebuilding their fractured relationships. But what they didn't bank on was a new threat to their own life.
Who is Sophie Rundle?
Along with Peaky Blinders, Sophie Rundle has appeared in some of the biggest shows on British TV over the last few years, most memorably their role in Happy Valley which saw their young police officer run over and killed in series two. She's also played main characters in The Bletchley Circle, Not Safe for Work, Brief Encounters and Jamestown and is currently filming new Jed Mercurio series The Bodyguard starring Keeley Hawes and Richard Madden.
Michael Gray (played by Finn Cole)
Polly's biological son was reunited with their mother in series two after they showed up on their doorstep. Since then he's proven themselves an invaluable member of the family business, thanks to their good education, and is a support to Polly in series four as the two recover from their ordeal in prison.
Who is Finn Cole?
Real-life brother to their co-star, Jo Cole, 22-year-old Finn has only had a couple of roles besides Peaky Blinders, appearing in 2015 TV movie An Inspector Calls as well as a main role in American series Animal Kingdom which airs on TNT.
Jessie Eden (played by Charlie Murphy)
Jessie is a real-life figure, credited with virtually founding mass trade unionism for women in Britain. In 1931 they led 10,000 non-unionised women in going on strike for a whole week from the Lucas motor vehicle electric light factory, inspiring many more to join unions. They were a tireless campaigner for female workers' rights, as seen in Peaky Blinders when they take on Tommy Shelby over the wages they pay.
Who is Charlie Murphy?
Irish actor Charlie Murphy first came to attention playing Siobhan Delaney in RTÉ drama Love/Hate. Since then they have cropped up in Sally Wainwright dramas Happy Valley (playing abducted Ann Gallagher) and To Walk Invisible (as Anne Bronte). Last year they returned to Irish TV in Rebellion and has a role in 2017 film The Foreigner with Jackie Chan and Pierce Brosnan.
Linda Shelby (played by Kate Phillips)
Arthur's devout wife Linda had successfully broken their ties with brother Tommy, instilling them in rural isolation away from the Peaky gang. But a new threat catapults the couple back into the bosom of the family and Linda struggles with the pull on them and Arthur's moral way of life. Can they keep their husband on the straight and narrow?
Who is Kate Phillips?
Kate Phillips' first major role was playing Jane Seymour in BBC2's award-winning Wolf Hall, before going on to star as Lise Bolkonskaya in War & Peace. Aside from Peaky Blinders, she's also taken on roles in period dramas The Crown (as Winston Churchill's fictional secretary Venetia Scott) and My Mother and Other Strangers (as Tillie Zeigler).
Esme Shelby (played by Aimée-Ffion Edwards)
Wife of John, Esme is from the Lee gypsy family and is fiercely protective of their family, trying as hard as they can to keep their husband away from Tommy's bad influence. They and John have a passionate relationship, but Esme also finds solace in the bottom of a bottle.
Who is Aimée Ffion-Edwards?
Aimée's first taste of fame came in 2006 when they appeared on Welsh TV show Wawffactor – an early equivalent to Pop Idol – finishing runner-up. Since then she's played Sketch in Skins, Jenny Jones in Luther and, more recently, Sophie in BBC4 series The Detectorists. They and Mackenzie Crook also appeared together in Jez Butterworth's play Jerusalem, a role they reprised when the production transferred to Broadway. Aimée has a part in the BBC and Netflix's 2018 series Troy: Fall of A City.
Lizzie Stark (played by Natasha O'Keeffe)
A former prostitute and Tommy's assistant, Lizzie is one of their keenest allies, sticking by them through thick and thin – even when their family want nothing to do with him. Will they be the one to help them reconnect with them?
Who is Natasha O'Keeffe?
Eagle-eyed Sherlock fans will recognise Natasha as the titular Abominable Bride, Emelia Ricoletti, in the 2016 Sherlock special. But besides causing headaches for Benedict Cumberbatch, they appeared in Oasis's music video for Falling Down, as well as BBC3's Lip Service, Jekyll and Hyde (playing Fedora) and the final two series of Misfits as Abbey Smith.
Alfie Solomons (played by Tom Hardy)
Intelligent and manipulative, Alfie is a London gang leader in league with Tommy Shelby. The two have a complicated relationship – with Alfie crossing their business partner not once but twice – but the charismatic Jew is an important ally for the wounded Shelbys. Will they stay loyal or exploit their weaknesses?
Who is Tom Hardy?
Where to start? Tom Hardy is another long-time collaborator of Christopher Nolan, appearing in Inception, The Dark Knight Rises and Dunkirk. They earned an Oscar nomination for The Revenant and last year starred in the acclaimed Mad Max: Fury Road. Hardy's other notable film roles include Locke, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, Black Hawk Down and Legend, while on TV they have starred in Band of Brothers, Wuthering Heights and – most recently – created and played the lead in BBC1 drama Taboo.
May Carleton (played by Charlotte Riley)
Aristocratic horse trainer May once loved Tommy before they chose Grace for their wife. Will they open their heart to the widower when they enter their life once more or keep their old wounds firmly under wraps?
Who is Charlotte Riley?
Tom Hardy's real-life wife joined the cast of Peaky Blinders for series two. The pair met playing star-crossed lovers Cathy and Heathcliff in Wuthering Heights on ITV, before appearing together again in Sky1 series The Take. Riley has also forayed into films, playing Nance with Tom Cruise and Emily Blunt in Edge of Tomorrow, and showed up on TV screens earlier this year in BBC2 drama King Charles II.
Aberama Gold (played by Aidan Gillen)
Aberama Gold is a gypsy with little regard for the rules. But when the Shelby family regroup back in Birmingham, they need soldiers to help defend them from the Mafia threat. Aberama fits the bill – but will Tommy regret joining forces with this slippery customer?
Who is Aidan Gillen?
Advertisement
They may look a million miles from Westeros, but Game of Thrones fans will no doubt recognise Aidan Gillen as the devious Lord Petyr Baelish aka Littlefinger. The Irish star appeared in series one to seven of the HBO fantasy drama, but is also known as Tommy Carcetti in The Wire and Stuart Alan Jones in Queer as Folk. On the silver screen they have played CIA operative Bill Wilson in The Dark Knight Rises and more recently appeared as villainous Janson in the Maze Runner franchise.
Manchester United have completed the signing of goalkeeper Lee Grant from Stoke City for a reported fee of £1.5million.
Grant, 35, is expected to serve as United's number three behind David de Gea and Sergio Romero after agreeing a two-year contract.
United sold Sam Johnstone to West Brom in a deal worth around £6.5m earlier on Tuesday, while Portugal youth international Joel Pereira is set to be loaned out for the 2018-19 season.
"Moving to Manchester United has been a dream of mine for as long as I can remember," Grant told their new club's website after United and Stoke confirmed the deal.
"This was an opportunity that I couldn't let pass and I'm thrilled to become a part of such a historic club.
"I've enjoyed every moment of my career so far and I'm now ready to continue learning and improving alongside some of the best players in the game. But at the same time, I intend to use my experience to help the team whenever possible.
"I want to say a huge thank you to those close to me who have supported me along my journey so far. I'm looking forward to meeting my team-mates and giving everything possible for the club in the upcoming season."
Former Derby County, Sheffield Wednesday and Burnley keeper Grant spent two seasons with Stoke and was named their Player of the Year in 2016-17, when they stepped in for the injured Jack Butland.
In a statement, Stoke said: "The club would like to place on record our thanks to Lee and wish them all the best for the future."
RENO, Nev. — In case you missed it, the Northern Nevada Business Weekly today published its inaugural Northern Nevada Smart Money magazine.
The 32-page magazine was inserted in this week's March 19, 2018, print edition.
"The business environment for finance and investment in the region is changing rapidly," says NNBW Publisher Kirsten McGregor. "Northern Nevada Smart Money was created to help you navigate the maze of new tax laws and currencies, understand how to protect your assets, and apply innovative financing, funding and investment opportunities."
Be sure to check out the magazine for articles from regional finance experts and NNBW staff, in addition to important advertisements from Northern Nevada businesses committed to helping you smartly spend and save your money.
Don't have a print copy? No worries — click here to access the digital e-edition of the magazine, as well as archived e-editions of the Northern Nevada Business Weekly.
Rhonda Wieboldt, resident of Dallas, Texas, arrived in Israel last night for first time in their life.
Rhonda Wieboldt is a resident of Dallas, Texas, who has worked for a leading computer company for 27 years and arrived in Israel last night for the first time in their life as part of a 10-day journey to Israel led and organized by former Governor Mike Huckabee.
They spoke with Arutz Sheva of their great excitement about the recent US presidential elections, supporting Israel, and their recommendation that the world come and witness the truth about Israel firsthand.
Huckabee comes annually for their traditional trip to support Israel, this time with 400 activists.
By Grace Chingoma
Zimbabwe legend Peter Ndlovu has opened up on the problems that have dogged Khama Billiat and still believes that the talented Mamelodi Sundowns forward could yet make a late break into the more competitive European leagues but if they fully apply themselves on their football.
Ndlovu is the team manager at Sundowns which has provided Billiat with the platform to become a household name in the South African Premiership. Billiat is however, in the final season of current deal at Chloorkop and has long been tipped to move abroad nothing tangible has materialised.
Surprisingly some of their former Sundowns teammates Bongani Zungu and Keegan Dolly who always played in their shadows in the last two seasons have since moved overseas and are making inroads in the French Ligue One.
Billiat's contract will expire in June next year but they are still undecided about the future.
Ndlovu, who was the guest of honour at the Castle Soccer Star awards in Harare on Friday night has their gospel on Khama and challenged the Warriors talisman to “do the right things” if they hoped to realise their dream.
The former Zimbabwe captain said Billiat “is a rare talent in the class of Manchester United winger Jesse Lingard''.
“Of course Khama they are a world class player, let me put it that way. Once they put their act, once they put their mind onto their football, you cannot touch Khama.
“Khama reminds me of Lingard at Manchester United. Their skills, their penetration, their dribbling, they are an amazing player, I tell you. They just needs to sort the other part that's lingering around him.
“I have encouraged them to do the right things, they know the right things; whether they are going or not. But they haven't gone yet. Let's take it that way and I have advised them on what to do.
“But before they go, they are a Sundowns player and must take care of what happens during that period (and anything can happen).
“The club would have gained on the sales (a year ago), but look we needed Khama as a club, they can always go. Sundowns are not a team that doesn't help you go.
“If you are doing well and want to go, as long as the fee is right, that's normal. They have to be sold if under contract. But now coming into a difficult situation, where we don't know where we are.
“He has performed but I also think they have a lot on their mind and we have tried to help them and hopefully they will come right. But they have to help themselves first before we help him,” said Ndlovu.
Billiat (27) has been linked with moves to Europe last year when they were clearly the best on the South African football scene where they scooped all the important awards including the Player of the Year.
They were also a first runner-up in the CAF Player of the year awards for the best players on the continent behind teammate and goalkeeper Dennis Onyango.
The rumour about a European move has been slowing down with the forward now being linked with switches to Sundowns' with Supa Diski rivals Cape Town City, Orlando Pirates, Kaizer Chiefs and clubs in Saudi Arabia.
Billiat is yet to commit their future to the Brazilians and could be sold to the highest bidder before they become a free agent in June.
Ndlovu said they have always been a positive influence, not only to Billiat but to a host of upcoming Zimbabwean players dotted around the globe.
The former Coventry City man said it's high time a new legend in their class is born to Zimbabwe.
They said Khama needed to keep on working hard to maintain their standards after they went under just a year following the historic milestone when they swept the boards at the South African awards and also made it among the African Player of the Year finalists.
“When you win stuff like this, it comes with pressure guys, and you need to help whatever you are. One you have to make sure you try and do better the following season.
How you do that, is to put yourself, how did l do it last, and how can I maintain it the following season.
“But I don't think we do plan as players, we just think it's easy. But it's not. Once you have done it and have done well, it is always hard to maintain.
“But my advice is people like Khama should learn because they are not young anymore, they understand.  They are my boy and I always speak to them about it and they know. I have told them how I treated football.
“Yes, football comes with a lot of things, a lot of challenges, a lot of jealousy, women, whatever but put your focus on where it matters. It doesn't matter what they say about you outside the field go and produce, that's all.
“That's how you are going to be judged. I just want to thank the media also for actually looking out after these players; talking well about them and marketing them for the clubs, and it is very important that you help us instead of putting these players in the deep end. But I understand the environment.
“I have been (influential) not only to Khama, but to any Zimbabwean in Europe, South Africa. I phone everybody throughout the world because I am proudly Zimbabwean first. I have gained everything I got from football, so it is not in my nature.
“I even challenge them Khama, how do you feel now that at my age, people are saying Peter-Peter, they must be saying Khama-Khama. It is unfair on you guys.
“People can see that I am trying hard to bring somebody, any other name that can emerge so that they can say go on Peter, here they come.
But they (the players) come in halves. They come up and go down very fast. We have to try and help and encourage them. But it is hard when someone doesn't want to be helped,” said Ndlovu. The Herald
ST. PAUL, Minn. – John Gibson's star turn will be remembered in the Ducks' 1-0 win over Minnesota. So will a frustrated Antoine Vermette's out-of-nowhere lash out, which will be the image that lasts.
As the second-most penalized team in the NHL, the Ducks play shorthanded often. Except those times last for minutes and not games, as it figures they'll have to do while Vermette awaits what will likely be a lengthy suspension that will be handed down before they play Friday against Florida.
At 7:33 of the third period, Vermette was miffed that linesman Shandor Alphonso dropped the puck on a faceoff when they felt they aren't ready and set for the draw. It had been a tough night for a player that excels on the dot. In fact, the 34-year-old veteran for much of this season was the league's most successful at winning draws.
In a moment you figure he'll surely wish they could take back, Vermette took their stick and gave a quick slash to the back of Alphonso's leg. They were promptly given a game misconduct. Now they and the Ducks will await what the league has in store with regard to further punishment.
This was a dumb move by an underrated competitor who has no apparent history of foul play. A usually heady player who's earned a deep well of respect from each of the teams they have been on. A person who might be among the friendliest in their sport.
Things are done in the heat of competition. Players battle for every edge they can get. Doesn't matter. One thing is as clear as day. You cannot touch an official. Surely you can't in the matter of taking your stick and giving them a chop.
As the video has spread quickly throughout cyberspace, Vermette doesn't appear to particularly have malicious intent. But Rule 40.3 – Category II states what the forward is headed for pretty clearly:
Any player who deliberately applies physical force to an official in any matter (excluding actions as set out in Category I), which physical force is applied without intent to injure, or who spits on an official, shall be automatically suspended for not less than ten (10) games.
Shorter penalties are possible with regard to Rule 40 but they're about using force against an official to free themselves from that official following an altercation or throwing a stick or any other piece of equipment at or in the generation direction that official.
Using force with intent to injure an official is a 20-game suspension, which was what Calgary's Dennis Wideman originally received for their attack on linesman Don Henderson. Again, Vermette's slash appears to be based out of reaction. But they also aren't trying to break out of Alphonso's grasp.
Watching what transpired, Ducks coach Randy Carlyle offered their viewpoint afterward.
“To me, these are things that the league reviews,” Carlyle said. “We have a view on it, they have a view on it. Whatever they decide, we have to live with. Obviously the puck was dropped when our player was not ready. I looked at it and said ‘Well, why are they dropping the puck.' All of a sudden, it looked like as if they were tapping them and just telling them a blow-the-whistle-type of thing.
“It wasn't really a vicious or any type of malice thing. They aren't trying to hurt anybody. It was more of a tap to blow-the-whistle-type thing. Because usually what happens, if they do drop the puck unfairly, the linesman or the referee will blow the whistle and reset it.”
The coach, however, knows there is the letter of the law. “He touched the official,” Carlyle said. “So what are you going to do.”
A request to interview Vermette was not granted so, for now, isn't talking about their deed. But there is fear on the Ducks' part that they'll be without a key forward for 10 games. And the ability to call up someone from San Diego (AHL) is a bit more complicated with them pressed up against the salary cap.
Maybe this also furthers the need for GM Bob Murray and their lieutenants to find some means – i.e. navigate their way around the cap – to bring in forward help that's needed to secure the playoff spot they're in and improve their chances on advancing a round. Or more.
Players are told to keep their head up on the ice. Vermette offered a reminder that they have to keep a cool head, particularly when they get hot.
Call of Duty WWII wants to get serious. After years of increasingly outlandish sci-fi shoot-em-ups, the series is going back in time to our grittier, dirtier past. We took a look at the game at E3 2017.
For players of a certain age — let's say 25 and up — Call of Duty WWII will feel like first-person shooter “comfort food.” World War II is a familiar setting, and developer Sledgehammer Games' has an eye for detail. The guns, the settings, the missions, the locales — all of these feel immediately familiar if you've ever played a World War II shooter before. We've seen them many times before. And yet, it's a new version of that story, of that game, which we haven't seen in a long time.
Even WWII's most substantial “new” mechanics, including health packs in single-player, and classes in multiplayer, feel decidedly retro. Call of Duty WWII not only looks to be a throwback “to the series' roots,” as Activision has made abundantly clear, but a time capsule that will let fans relive a different kind of first-person shooter … Or die trying.
A typical day in World War II
Call of Duty‘s single-player campaign in WWII focuses on one squad of American soldiers pushing from D-Day to Germany. We were shown, but did not play, a slice from a level set in Marigny, France, where our unit had to clear out an anti-aircraft unit on the far side of town. To get there, we'd need to capture a fortified outpost in the town church, then clear a path to the guns.
There has never been a World War II game without a mission that involved blowing up anti-aircraft guns, and there probably never will be.
The AA mission was stale or classic, depending on how you look at it, but games are more concerned with the journey than the destination. WWII feels like a standard Call of Duty game, but slower. After years of special-ops focused games, jumping in the middle of battle full of soldiers on both sides feels chaotic. Finding cover seems more important than in past entries, as there's a constant wave of bullets flying.
It is also the goriest Call of Duty yet (and not just in zombie mode). Whether it's to underscore the importance to pay attention to your teammates, or to simply remind you of the gravity of the situation, many sections of the level were punctuated with allied NPCs getting their heads shot off or being burned alive.
There has never been a World War II game without a mission that involved blowing up anti-aircraft guns, and there probably never will be.
WWII is still a linear experience, but this level seemed to encourage a different set way of thinking than its modern- and future-facing predecessors. Certain sections established that there might be a way to capitalize on the fact that you aren't ever the only target in a conflict. Once your team fights its way into the church, your ambushed by a machine gun placement on an upper floor, as more troops flood in from the sides. You can simply take cover, but if you take out the machine gun nest, and clear the church, as we saw in the demo, it's possible to move to a position out of view from any enemies, and outflank their flank while your teammates remain pinned down.
Your squad is not simply there to soak up bullets and call out objectives. In Marigny, we worked with two soldiers. One of them carried health packs, so if you needed to heal, you had to reach their location and ask them for one. The other was Sergeant Red Daniels, our commanding officer. Daniels had binoculars, and would mark targets when asked. The characters had health bars on the screen above your own ammo and other information: Presumably they can die. It isn't clear what happens in that case, but given that Daniels stands to be a major character in the story, there's a good chance you fail the mission. While losing because of an AI character can lead to heartache, both soldiers seemed capable of holding their own so long as you don't leave them out to dry.
Going to “war” in multiplayer
We also played two multiplayer matches, including a round of “War,” the game's new multi-stage objective driven mode in the vein of Overwatch and, more pointedly, Battlefield 1's “Operations” mode.
In “War,” players are split up into attacking and defending teams. Each match features four objectives, all of which come down to controlling a specific point on the map for extended period of time. In our run, the attacking team had to storm and take control of a house, king of the hill style; “build a bridge” by pressing and holding a button in an open clearing, leaving themselves vulnerable to attack; plant a bomb in an ammo dump and prevent the defenders from defusing it; and, finally, repel a counterattack for an extended period of time with the aid of a tank, but without any base or fortifications.
Similar to the single-player campaign, “War” feels very familiar. The objective-based gameplay makes sense in World War II, and players used to the running and gunning of team deathmatch may find themselves hitting a brick wall, as each phase ultimately comes down to working with your team to control a specific point. It's a useful weapon for the Call of Duty series to keep in its arsenal — personally, I prefer these kinds of games to plain ol' deathmatch — but, given the franchises legacy of rejecting new multiplayer modes, it may not even matter.
Call of Duty: WWII Compared To
It still feels like Call of Duty
Some of the biggest changes, the ones that will affect everyone, come before the game even starts. Rather than setting a malleable custom loadout, as in past Call of Duty games, players will choose from a set of classes, called “divisions.” Each division has a special talent, which makes them predisposed to a certain type of combat style, as well as two perks, which conferred similar bonuses to perks from past Call of Duty games, such as the ability to carry extra ammo and attachments. Though we were choosing from pre-made classes, it appears that you'll choose a class for the talent, and able to set your perks, guns, and attachments. It is not clear whether every class will be able to use every gun.
Regardless of the mode, or how you pick your loadout, Call of Duty multiplayer still feels like Call of Duty multiplayer. You're still going to run around a map or push towards an objective, checking corners and quick-drawing when your opponent comes into view. You may not be moving as quickly as you were in Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare, but racking up kills still feels good.
Call of Duty WWII launches on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC November 3.
RVH is getting to work on a south campus to help relieve some overcrowding at the current location. It'll be a 15 to 20-year process that would see a new facility built in Innisfil, likely on donated land at Yonge Street and the 6th Line. In the meantime, some services could be offered at the Community Health Hub expected to open by early 2019 next to the Innisfil Rec Centre. There's also unused space at the existing facility in north Barrie. A Capital Planning Committee has been struck to look at all the possibilities for boosting service to south end Barrie and beyond. Two planning studies will explore, in great detail, the services RVH should provide in the future, the preferred location and infrastructure planning. Since opening the expansion in 2012, RVH has grappled with surging patient volumes. The health centre has experienced surge conditions for the past year and on most days every bed is full. In fact, the medical/surgical occupancy rate at RVH is consistently over 115 percent and recently hit 135 percent. Those surging volumes mean RVH must care for patients in unconventional spaces, including hallways.
Tottenham Hotspur have been drawn against Italian champions Juventus in the Champions League last-16.
Spurs topped a tough group that also included Real Madrid and Borussia Dortmund. But there is scant reward for those efforts because they face a Juve side edged into second place in their own group by Barcelona.
The Serie A giants won three games, drew two and lost away at Camp Nou.
The only consolation for Mauricio Pochettino and their players is that the runners-up from their group, Madrid, face big-spending Paris Saint-Germain in their last-16 tie.
The two sides met in a pre-season friendly at Wembley earlier this year. Spurs emerged as 2-0 winners on that occasion with the aid of goals from Harry Kane and Christian Eriksen.
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: ghanaweb.com
2017-10-06
play videoA trader who lost their belongings shared their plight
Heavy rains hit Accra early Friday morning leaving many areas such as Kaneshie, Odorkor, and its environs flooded.
Gutters were choked and streets were left littered with rubbish from waste bins and drains. Areas such as the Kaneshie market was left flooded with water resulting in businesses being adversely affected.
Some traders stationed in the Kaneshie who lost their belongings due to the heavy downpour therefore pleaded with Government to help them solve the issue of flooding once and for all.
In addition, some frustrated ones have called on government to stop their empty promises about solving the flooding issues whenever it rained.
Others also complained bitterly about the fact that, whenever it rained, the same disasters occurred yet Government had turned a blind eye on their woes.
The Ghana Meteorological Agency warned of heavy rains Friday morning till noon in the Central, Western and Brong Ahafo regions in a statement.
The agency has therefore cautioned residents living around Alajo, Circle, Kaneshie, Mateheko, Nima, Dzorwulu, South Odorkor and Osu all in the Greater Accra region to exercise caution as such places are typical flood-prone areas.
Furthermore, some drivers and traders also advised Government to put in place stringent measures as well as laws to check waste disposal, especially plastics and metals since they choked gutters.
The Kaneshie station was left impassible as pedestrians and traders struggled to find their way through the muddy area. Flies danced around a huge heap of uncollected waste in the market which emitted a foul smell.
While several complained, others saw it as a business opportunity by carrying people who could not cross the flooded streets for one cedi per person.
So far one person is reported dead in the Ashanti Region and a six-year-old girl injured.
Commuters who left their houses within the early hours of the day had to sit through hours of traffic due to the floods before reaching their various destinations.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) – Three online celebrities from Thailand, Singapore, and Vietnam joined Taiwanese internet celebrities on a round-the-clock nonstop journey exploring Kaohsiung in May at the invitation of the Bureau of Information, Kaohsiung City Government.
Keeris Nith from Thailand, Rebecca from Singapore, and Mai Kỳ Hân from Vietnam – with a combined 100,000 followers on Instagram and whose photos feature topics spanning fashion, cuisine, and recreation -- visited Taiwan's main southern city to help promote travel to Kaohsiung. Their posts of photos about the trip have since garnered numerous likes and sparked the interest of netizens in the port city from respective countries, according to a press release by the Bureau.
The trip involved stops at some of Kaohsiung's iconic tourist attractions and landmarks, including Kaohsiung MRT Formosa Boulevard Station (美麗島站), known for its “Dome of Light” stained glass work; the Center of Old Fengshan City History (見成館), where visitors can learn about the city's history; Pier-2 Art Center (駁二藝術特區), showcasing Kaohsiung's artistic vibes; and the Circular Light Rail (環狀輕軌).
According to Bureau of Information Director Chang Chia-hsing (張家興), the City seeks to take advantage of the increasingly influential social media to boost its international profile. They believe the recommendation of the celebrities can serve as a motivation for followers to consider visiting Kaohsiung.
Kaohsiung was named one of the “Top 10 Cities to Visit in 2018” by Lonely Planet, becoming the only Asian city to make the list, Chang added.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pubs and clubs across Croydon have been hit by a carbon dioxide shortage which is leaving them struggling or unable to get certain drinks in.
The Village Club, in Selsdon, The Forestdale Arms, in Selsdon, and The Pear Tree, in Purley, are among the pubs finding it trickier than normal to get hold of certain drinks.
The borough's Wetherspoon pubs, which include The Skylark, in South Croydon, The George, in the town centre, The Foxley Hatch, in Purley, and The Sir Julian Huxley, in Selsdon, have also been affected.
A JD Wetherspoon spokesperson has explained that customers at hundreds of pubs across the country had to go without certain drinks including John Smith's and Strongbow for five days last week due to issues with supplier Heineken.
While they couldn't confirm exactly which pubs were affected, almost all of the 900-plus pubs the company owns across the country were, including the ones in Croydon.
They said: “We have had shortages and problems at all of the pubs. I can't speak specifically for each pub but given that we have 12 in Croydon that are widely used they have no doubt probably been affected as it was widespread.
“We had a shortage for five days last week across the company and if you drank [the affected] draughts you wouldn't have been able to buy them but from this week the problem has been resolved.”
Carbon dioxide (CO2) has multiple uses in the food and drink industries including being used to put the gas in beer and cider.
The temporary closure of some UK and mainland European factories involved in producing the gas has created the shortage.
Many pub landlords have been unable to pick and choose which brands they can sell because of restrictions or have had to go through alternative suppliers.
There was a shortage ahead of England's World Cup group match with Belgium last Thursday and over the weekend, one of the hottest of the year with the UK's heatwave continuing.
Sharon Smith, flight attendantess at The Village Club, on Addington Road, which is linked to the Kent-based Shepherd Neame brewery, explained that the members' club had faced problems getting hold of John Smith's and Stella Artois.
They said: “We haven't run out as I put the order in early when we were told we couldn't get John Smith's and Stella so I went through other suppliers. If it continues then it could become a problem, though.
“I don't think our customers will be too upset, we have alternatives and they're quite understanding here [and will] have something else.
“We're just hoping it won't hit us and we can continue to get everything.”
Jo Ormrod, landlady of The Forestdale Arms, on Featherbed Lane, which is linked to the national Trust Inns pub company, said they were unable to get hold of Heineken, Strongbow or Kronenbourg on draught.
They said: “For the whole of last week we were unable to get those three and we're running low [now] as we are not allowed to go to a different brewery.
“We haven't run out but we are very low and are expecting a delivery at the end of the week.
“We have alternatives, a couple of people have complained but most understand it's not our fault and they will have the same problems at other pubs so I can't see us losing trade to anywhere else.”
Elsewhere a few pubs including The Man On The Moon and The Randall Tavern, both in New Addington, and The Jolly Farmers, in Purley, confirmed they are yet to have any problems.
James Isted, assistant manager of The Pear Tree, in Purley, which is owned by the Stonegate Pub Company, stated that the pub had endured problems with getting supplies in for a few weeks and is expecting these to continue.
They said: “We had four big beer canisters replaced a few weeks ago, they usually last for up to two months but with the World Cup on, trade has been heavier than usual so I'll be surprised if they last that long.
“We may need them changed a couple of weeks early and if the carbon dioxide shortage continues then we could have an issue, although at the moment we're fine.
(Image: David Cook)
“We use three different types of CO2 in our beers so it may be a case of we can get some but not others.
“I can see it affecting us as I think it will affect all pubs but we're hoping the company has a plan in place.”
Elsewhere the UK's largest pub chain company, the EI Group, which was formerly Enterprise Inns, has also confirmed it has been affected and has several pubs in Croydon.
It is yet to confirm which pubs have specifically been affected but Heineken products are again thought to be involved.
(Image: David Cook)
An Ei spokesperson said: “We are aware of the issue relating to a shortage in the supply of CO2 and are working with our suppliers to minimise any disruption to our customers and our publicans.”
A Heineken press statement confirmed CO2 scarcity had caused production problems.
It said: “We'd like to reassure beer drinkers that all our breweries are operating at full capacity, and we're working 24/7 to get beers to our customers as quickly as possible.”
*If you know of any other pubs and bars affected by the carbon dioxide shortage then please get in touch with reporter Luke Jarmyn on 07388 962 968 or email luke.jarmyn@reachplc.com
Mystery Surrounds Murdered Canadian ‘Ayahuasca Healer' In Peru
Ask around in Cape Town, and you'll find someone who has tried ayahuasca soon enough.
Maybe they travelled to South America and dabbled, as has become popular on the well-trodden backpacker routes, although there are also people in and around Cape Town itself who will guide you on your journey.
Here's a story on Mahala from a few year's back, and a thread on MyBroadband with a few options.
We're focusing on events in Peru for now, and the murder of 41-year-old Canadian Sebastian Woodroffe that is grabbing headlines.
Back in 2013 they quit their job and moved to Peru to study plant medicine, having raised money for an apprenticeship with traditional healers in the Amazon.
Of particular interest was ayahuasca, “a sludgelike hallucinogenic potion used by indigenous shamans in spiritual exercises”, with IOL taking up the story:
It's not entirely clear what happened in the years that followed, or whether the Canadian tourist found the healing for which they were searching in the Peruvian Amazon. But late last week, this Canadian tourist's name and face somehow landed on a wanted poster accusing them of murdering a beloved shaman and indigenous activist in a remote rain forest in northeastern Peru. Enraged members of the indigenous community appear to have taken matters into their own hands. Peruvian authorities say a mob of locals in the Amazonian region of Ucayali lynched Woodroffe before burying them in a makeshift grave. A cellphone video that emerged in local news outlets shows a man – later identified by officials as Woodroffe – being dragged through the mud by a cord wrapped around their neck. They moan and pleads for mercy before lying motionless in the dirt.
You can see that cellphone footage here, if you're so inclined, but we're moving on.
Police found the buried corpse and identified it as Woodroffe's body, Peru's interior ministry said in a statement Saturday, vowing to pursue an aggressive investigation into both their killing and that of the shaman, Olivia Arévalo Lomas, a respected member of the Shipibo-Konibo tribe in their 80s.
The image up top shows both Woodroffe and Lomas, who wasn't just a shaman. They also had an extensive record as an indigenous-rights activist, which has led some to believe that they may have been murdered by those representing the interests of mining, agribusiness, logging, and dam projects.
That is very much disputed by locals:
Locals told an indigenous news outlet that witnesses saw Woodroffe [above] shoot Arévalo multiple times after they sang an ikaro, or curing song. They then fled, local residents alleged, prompting Arévalo's family members to post a “wanted” bulletin online and on Facebook, showing Woodroffe's photo, identifying them by name and nationality, and offering a reward.
Friends from back home in Canada dispute that Woodroffe could have been the man behind the murder, with this from VICE:
…an old friend of Woodroffe's, Yarrow Willard, told CBC that they had returned from Peru “troubled” after taking ayahuasca. Willard called Woodroffe a person “who likes to poke, and likes to test the boundaries of people's beliefs, but is very much a gentle person underneath all of that.” Willard described disbelief that Woodroffe could have been involved in the Amazonian shaman's death. They said Woodroffe had never had a gun. “We've just been in shock,” they said. “It just felt like a scam because there is no way this person is capable of that.”
Here's Lomas performing a sacred Ikaro, uploaded to YouTube by Temple of the Way of Light, a healing centre that offers ayahuasca retreats:
Authorities say they have prioritised both murders, and are determined to win back the public's faith in the justice system by getting to the bottom of what really happened.
To finish, the nasty side of making a tourism industry out of something like ayahuasca:
Ayahuasca retreats have become immensely popular among foreign tourists. Each year, thousands of people travel to the Peruvian Amazon to experiment with the hallucinogenic brew, also known as yage, and referred to by some locals as “the sacred vine of the soul.” …But the growing number of tourists in the town has added to mounting frustrations that a double standard exists in the way indigenous people are treated in the criminal justice system, local residents told Peruvian news broadcasters. “There is justice for those with money,” one local resident, Alder Rengifo Torres, told TV Peru. “A foreigner can come and kill us, day after day, like dogs or cats, and nothing happens, the State does nothing,” one local woman was captured on television telling a Peruvian vice minister who visited the indigenous community over the weekend.
Some food for thought, hey.
[sources:iol&vice]
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
There is a CeeC in every woman- Basketmouth – Vanguard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Keep up to date with all the teams whose World Cup dream has come to an end
Every player in Russia 2018 has been dreaming of lifting the World Cup. Unfortunately, for some teams, the dream is already over.
Advertisement
These are the teams who have already been knocked out of the 2018 World Cup.
Round of 16
Saturday 30th June
Argentina were knocked out by France in a thrilling contest in Kazan, – the 4-3 scoreline slightly flattering Argentina, with France on impressive form – while Cristiano Ronaldo's Portugal lost out 2-1 to Uruguay.
Sunday 1st July
In arguably the biggest shock of the tournament yet, Spain went out to hosts Russia on penalties. Denmark were also eventually knocked out by Croatia after a thrilling penalty shootout.
Monday 2nd July
Brazil in the end comfortably made it through their Last 16 match against Mexico, winning 2-0. Japan, meanwhile, eventually were knocked out after a thrilling comeback by Belgium from 2-0 down to win 3-2.
Tuesday 3rd July
England – miraculously – survived a World Cup penalty shootout to knock out Last 16 opponents Colombia. In the other game, Switzerland exited the tournament, meaning England play Sweden in the quarter-finals.
Group A
Egypt
Dubbed the ‘Mo Salah Side', there were whispers that Egypt could be the surprise package of the tournament. However, back to back defeats means they are already knocked out with one group game still to play.
Saudi Arabia
Branded the worst side in the World Cup after their 5-0 thrashing at the hands of hosts Russia, Saudi Arabia too won't be making it through Group A.
Group B
Morocco
Pre-tournament Morocco weren't expected to do much more than make up the numbers – and they didn't. Defeats to Iran and Portugal have confirmed their exit.
Iran
After failing to beat Portugal in their final game, the Middle East side were eliminated from the competition.
Group C
Peru
Peru failed to score a goal in their games against Denmark and France. Two straight defeats mean there will be exiting the tournament at the group stage.
Australia
After failing to win a single game in their group, Australia were eliminated.
Group D
Iceland
The underdogs of the contest finished bottom of their group without a single win. Here's hoping the Icelandic ‘thunderclap' will stay at the tournament without them, though.
Nigeria
The African side is out after a last-minute goal from Argentina saw Nigeria's last group game end in defeat.
Group E
Costa Rica
After Brazil scored two last-minute goals against Costa Rica, the 2014 quarter-finalists are now out of the competition.
Group F
Germany
The reigning champs are not only out of the contest, but they finished bottom in their group after a 2-0 loss against South Korea.
South Korea
They're out, but have plenty to brag about after their last victory over Germany.
Group G
England and Belgium will progress into the next round. Panama and Tunisia have both been knocked out of the tournament.
Advertisement
Group H
Senegal and Poland are out of the competition. Senegal became the first team ever in a World Cup to be eliminated based on fair play points – ie how many cards the team picked up over the course of the tournament.
A Niagara Falls man whose struggles with addiction and mental health issues should serve as a poster child for how society fails marginalized people, a local lawyer said Monday.
“It's ironic he's here around Christmas,” John Bothwell said of their client Bradley Stirtzinger. “He is the justice system's Jacob Marley. He's here to remind us of what we don't do very well - providing supports for people in the community like Mr. Stirtzinger.”
Jacob Marley is a character from Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol. As Ebenezer Scrooge's deceased business partner, they are a ghost who wanders the earth as punishment for their greedy and uncaring attitude towards others.
In an Ontario Court of Justice in St. Catharines on Monday, Bothwell said the 53-year-old defendant is in need of support rather than condemnation.
“Yes, he's a problem in the community,” they conceded to Judge Tory Colvin. “Mr. Stirtzinger is not able to function in our society.”
The Niagar man has a lengthy criminal record.
Their latest offences occurred in November and included smashing the glass door of a Chippawa variety store, tossing a rock through a pane of glass in a bus shelter and assaulting a man after being told to leave the Niagara-on-the-Lake campus of Niagara College.
Assistant Crown attorney Timothy Hill had asked the judge to consider a 90-day jail term.
Bothwell argued jail won't help their client and a period of probation would serve no purpose.
Bothwell said Stirtzinger struggles with a number of mental illnesses as well as alcoholism. They said they became addicted to sniffing airplane glue at nine and addicted to alcohol at seven.
Also, it's unlikely the government will ever see any cash to cover the cost of damage they caused since Stirtzinger has no income.
The judge imposed a 45-day term. With credit for time served in pre-trial custody, the defendant must serve a further six days behind bars.
Milan, Turin and Cortina d'Ampezzo have all submitted feasibility studies to the Italian National Olympic Committee (CONI) as an increasingly important process to decide the country's bid for the 2026 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games intensifies.
The three separate bids will all now be studied by the National Olympic Committee in consultation with Government representatives before a decision is due to be made on July 10 over which one to formally propose.
There appears no chance of any of the cities joining forces after each proposed entirely separate bids.
This includes a Milan effort - considered the favourite by many - which suggests hosting sliding events over the Swiss border in St Moritz.
Milan Mayor Giuseppe Sala travelled to Rome to present the studies along with Turin counterpart Chiara Appendino and Luca Zaia, the President of Veneto and political leader of the Cortina bid.
Sion's withdrawal following a failed referendum last month and the growing likelihood of similar ballots being held in Graz and Calgary means that the Italian attempt will be viewed with increasing significance by the IOC.
This is despite the volatility of failed bids from Rome for the 2020 and 2024 Summer Olympic contests, which collapsed after CONI insisting they would not.
The San Siro has been proposed as part of the Milan bid ©Wikipedia
"The Italian National Olympic Committee today received, by certified mail and by the deadlines established, the feasibility studies relative to the application for the 2026 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games of the cities of Cortina, Milan and Turin," CONI confirmed.
"These documents will be brought to the attention of the National Council for the subsequent fulfillments relative to the IOC (International Olympic Committee) rules and the Olympic Charter."
Milan, which has never hosted an Olympics before, has proposed hosting Alpine and Nordic skiing events 140 kilometres to the north of the city in Valtellina.
This means that, along with St Moritz, there would be three separate Athletes' Villages.
Opening and Closing Ceremonies would be held in the San Siro Stadium which houses the AC Milan and Inter Milan football teams while a former railway station at Porta Romana will be re-developed into the city centre Village site, with capacity for 1,800 residents.
It is unclear so far whether the St Moritz plan has the support of Swiss authorities, but this appears far from certain given the failure of every Winter Olympic bid from that country to gain public support in recent years.
Turin would hope to replicate many of the venues which hosted the 2006 Winter Olympics and Paralympics.
This includes ice sports in the city, Nordic skiing in Pragelato, Alpine skiing in Sestriere and the renovation of a sliding track in Cesana.
Turin plans to use venues from the 2006 Winter Olympic and Paralympics, including a sliding track in Cesana ©Getty Images
The city is attempting to showcase itself around the themes of regeneration, sustainability and innovation, as well as zero debt.
Appendino's Five-Star Council colleagues are far from united around the bid, however, and there were fierce arguments about it during a meeting last week.
Cortina, meanwhile, is claiming that the entire bid will cost just €380 million (£335 million/$442 million) taking place in different parts of the Dolomites in the east of the country.
Cortina itself would host Alpine skiing and sliding sports on a renovated track.
Ice hockey would take place in Bolzano, figure skating and short track in Merano, biathlon in Anterselva and both Nordic skiing and speed skating in Val di Fiemme.
Graz in Austria, Calgary in Canada, Sapporo in Japan, Erzurum in Turkey and Stockholm in Sweden are other cities still potentially bidding for the 2026 Games.
A final decision is set to be made next year.
A report released this month by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration calls 2016 the warmest year on record around the globe.
The possible effects
A new report from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration calls 2016 the warmest year on record around the globe. The surface temperature of the Great Lakes was also above average.
According to NOAA's 2016 State of the Climate report, eight of the last 10 years have been among the warmest years on record, globally.
Brent Lofgren, a physical scientist at NOAA says the twice annual overturning of the Great Lakes may stop due to the warming temperature.
"When that overturning happens, that brings nutrients up from the bottom of the lake and oxygen down from the top," said Lofgren. "With warming, there's a likelihood that in certain parts of the Great Lakes, that overturning will stop happening."
So aquatic life that rely on those nutrients could go hungry. Lofgren says in 2012 and 2017, significant parts of southern Lake Michigan and Lake Ontario didn't overturn.
Great Lakes Today is a collaboration of ideastream Cleveland, WBFO Buffalo and WXXI Rochester.
US Federal Reserve on Wednesday raised the benchmark interest rates for the fourth time since December 2015 and unveiled plan to start trimming its balance sheet.
“In view of realised and expected labour market conditions and inflation, the (Federal Open Market) Committee decided to raise the target range for the federal funds rate to 1% to 1.25%,” Xinhua quoted Fed as saying after concluding its two-day monetary policy meeting.
The central bank acknowledged the continuous progress in labour market while expressed their concerns over weak inflation.
Fed officials lowered their forecast for unemployment rate for 2017 down to 4.3%, compared to 4.5% projection made in March, while their forecast for inflation rate in 2017 was revised down to 1.6% from their forecast of 1.9% in March.
MEXICO CITY — The U.S. Embassy in Mexico says it is grateful for the Mexican government's offer to help the victims of Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico.
The embassy said Friday in a statement that “our governments have expressed their continued solidarity in the face of natural disasters that have ravaged both our countries.”
The Mexican government said Wednesday it was sending 30 tons of bottled water and mosquito repellant to Puerto Rico.
The administration of President Donald Trump had been criticized for what some saw as a tardy response to the hurricane, which killed about 34 people directly and indirectly.
Some media outlets had portrayed Mexico's aid offer as slap in the face to the Trump administration, with which Mexico has had a rocky relationship.
MADRID — Six of nine prominent Catalan separatist politicians jailed for promoting the region's drive to secede from Spain have been moved to prisons closer to their homes.
Some observers see the prison transfer as a goodwill gesture by the central Spanish authorities ahead of a key meeting next week between Spain's new prime minister and Catalonia's new regional president, amid hopes for a thaw in relations between Madrid and the Catalan capital Barcelona.
But Catalan President Quim Torra rejected that interpretation Wednesday and stuck to their hard line on Catalan independence.
Torra said in a statement outside the Catalan regional parliament in Barcelona that the transfer is stipulated by law and “is not part of any negotiation.”
They say the Catalan conflict with Madrid is political, not legal.
Politics of Monday, 14 August 2017
Source: mynewsgh.com
2017-08-14
Some leaders of the National Democratic Congress
The rancor and acrimony within the opposition National Democratic Congress (NDC) will only end when they have a presidential candidate to steer affairs in the party, lecturer with the Baptist University College believes.
“They need to hold an emergency congress to elect a presidential candidate for the 2020 polls where they will all throw their support behind that person”, Mr. Collins Kankam-Kwarteng suggested
According to him, though the current happenings in the party is normal in every political space but this could break their front if the party's leadership swiftly do not take steps to manage it.
“It is normal seeing political parties fighting and pointing accusing fingers at each other like immediately after leaving power”.
The Marketing Lecturer and Policy Analyst in an exclusive interview with mynewsgh.com urged the ruling New Patriotic Party to take lessons from the situation the NDC currently finds itself seven months in opposition.
“The NPP should also learn to manage their issues in their party well especially this time in government. They should tolerate and respect individual views on issues”, Mr. Collins Kankam-Kwarteng counseled.
The country's largest opposition NDC appears to be on a cross road less than one year in opposition with members pointing accusing fingers at each other for their hefty loss in the 2016 polls.
They have even gone to a extent of blaming their founder and former President Jerry John Rawlings of clandestinely giving corruption messages to then opposition NPP which they believe affected their chances of reelection.
But according to the lecturer, the internal wrangling could be managed well if the party holds an earlier congress to elect new executives with skills and competence to lead the party.
That music should consume less of your precious bandwidth, too. Spotify now has a low data mode that cuts usage by as much as 75 percent, which could make all the difference if you're on a slower connection or a capped plan.
The updated free service is rolling out worldwide.
It may seem odd for Spotify to push the free tier mere days after it became a public company, and after a long period of limiting free access to assuage labels. Wouldn't it want to focus all its attention on paid users? However, Spotify has previously stated that as many as 60 percent of its Premium subscribers were initially free customers -- that no-cost option is still its best chance at pitching you on the service. In theory, you're more likely to start paying if the free tier is more representative of what you'll actually get when you subscribe.
And Spotify has a strong motivation to bring more customers into the fold. Growth rate estimates suggest that Apple Music could catch up to Spotify's paid tier by the summer despite launching years later without any free access beyond a standard trial period. Free service is Spotify's ace in the hole, and it's bound to exploit that in a bid to maintain its lead.
BARCELONA, Spain — David Goffin saved a match point to defeat Marcel Granollers of Spain 4-6, 7-6 (2), 6-2 Tuesday in the second round of the Barcelona Open.
Goffin was down 5-1 in the second set before recovering to reach the third round for the second consecutive year in Barcelona.
The fourth-seeded Belgian will play either Leonardo Mayer of Argentina or Karen Khachanov of Russia.
Ecuador Open champion Roberto Carballes Baena of Spain defeated Andreas Haider-Maurer of Austria 6-2, 6-4 to set up a second-round encounter with 10-time champion Rafael Nadal.
Sixth-seeded Novak Djokovic will play their second-round match against Slovak Martin Klizan, who defeated Argentine Federico Delbonis 6-3, 6-7 (5), 6-4.
Tour veteran Feliciano Lopez of Spain defeated Dusan Lajovic of Serbia 6-4, 2-6, 6-4 in a second-round match, while Malek Jaziri of Tunisia beat American Ernesto Escobedo 6-4, 6-3.
The Egyptian parliament approved in a final vote on Wednesday a controversial deal under which Egypt is to transfer two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia, the Egyptian state TV reported.
The approval came during a general session that was held earlier in the day following the approval of the parliament's defence and national security committee. The parliament's legislative committee passed it on Tuesday, Xinhua reported.
The Egyptian parliament is divided over a maritime demarcation deal signed last year, according to which Egypt will hand over the two Red Sea islands of Tiran and Sanafir to Saudi Arabia. The majority of members are in favour of the deal.
Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah al-Sisi and their administration see that the two islands originally belonged to Saudi Arabia and it is time to return them to their rightful owners, while opposers of the deal believe that the islands are Egyptian and giving them up will be sacrificing national soil for temporary interests.
Egyptian courts have previously nullified the agreement that was signed in April 2016 during a rare visit of Saudi King Salman to Egypt.
Saudi Arabia led Gulf support to Sisi's government with billions of dollars and tons of oil supplies following the Sisi-led removal of former President Mohamed Morsi in July 2013 following mass protests.
Facial recognition is good for more than security features on Facebook and organizing your photo albums — the artificial intelligence-based technology could soon help ensure that milk in your fridge came from a well-fed cow. That's right, facial recognition now works on cows. This week, agricultural company Cargill and machine-vision company Cainthus announced a partnership that will create an A.I. system for dairy farmers.
The image-recognition system is able to recognize a cow using both the animal's pattern of spots and the cow's actual face. The system takes a few seconds to recognize an individual cow, the companies said.
So why tell a specific cow apart from the rest of the herd? By giving the cameras the ability to determine which cow is which, a computer and camera system can monitor each bovine's food and water intake, along with looking for odd behaviors and sending health alerts when something changes. The camera-based system can also use heat detection to monitor the herd's health.
Giving computers the ability to monitor just how much food and water each cow receives turns what would be a several week manual process into something that happens almost in real time, according to the companies. With that information, dairy farmers can anticipate issues and use the information to adjust feeding — all factors that can help increase a farm's efficiency, along with preventing animal loss.
The partnership will first focus on the computer-tracking system for the dairy industry, but the group plans to expand to additional types of animals in the future, including pigs and chickens as well as aquatic fish farms.
Cargill already has an app that helps farmers track factors like milk production and feed, a platform called Dairy Enteligen. Partnering with the machine vision company Cainthus, which is based in Dublin, will bring new management options that use a camera system, rather than manual data entries, to track data.
“Our shared vision is to disrupt and transform how we bring insights and analytics to dairy producers worldwide,” SriRaj Kantamneni, managing director for Cargill's digital insights business, said in a press release. “Customers' ability to make proactive and predictive decisions to improve their farm's efficiency, enhance animal health and well-being, reduce animal loss, and ultimately increase farm profitability.”
Can you help? We're looking for volunteer drivers to assist with driving baby gulls to locations near Greater Napanee. Looking for a large vehicle with AC, and with no other animals. Please reply if you can offer a ride to help these baby gulls! Thank you. pic.twitter.com/yeYwa6D5FE — Toronto Wildlife Ctr (@TWC_Wildlife) June 29, 2018
If you thought you were struggling to survive Toronto's heat wave — at least you you weren't forced to jump off a scalding roof to save your burning feet.
More than 100 baby ring-billed gulls leapt off the roof of an industrial building over the long weekend, despite the fact that they are too young to fly. Many of them were injured or died in the fall and the Toronto Wildlife Centre (TWC) is struggling to take care of the survivors.
“The ground was just littered with dead babies,” Nathalie Karvonen, director of the TWC, told CityNews. “It's very upsetting to think about them out there just getting so hot these poor little babies. It's so tragic.”
They can't be reunited with their colony of thousands of seagulls living on the rooftop in Scarborough because this isn't the first time they jumped. Hundreds plummeted to the ground during the last heat wave about two weeks ago and the little birds can no longer be trusted with their lives.
“People feel like they're walking in hot stew once they leave the safety of their air conditioned homes,” TWC wrote in an Instagram post. “But imagine what it's like for defenceless baby birds who can't fly and escape the heat?”
But the TWC is at maximum capacity. After the centre made an appeal for help on social media, volunteer drivers and animal rehabilitation centres, including Shades of Hope Wildlife Refuge, Hobbitstee Wildlife Refuge, Sandy Pines Wildlife Centre and Open Sky Raptor Foundation​, agreed to take some of the baby gulls in.
The TWC is asking the community to donate smelt and chicken eggs to help feed its remaining gulls, and for plastic kiddie pools to keep the fluffy birds cool.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani blasted U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday, saying the American sanctions against Iran are a “crime and aggression”.
“Iran will survive this round of U.S. sanctions as it has survived before. This U.S. government will not stay in office forever ... But the history will judge other nations based on what they do today,” Rouhani said during a visit to Vienna, according to Reuters.
The Iranian President, who is visiting Europe in an attempt to save the 2015 nuclear deal after Trump pulled out of it in May, also warned their country could reduce its co-operation with the UN nuclear watchdog in the wake of the fresh U.S. sanctions against Iranian oil sales.
“Iran's nuclear activities have always been for peaceful purposes, but it is Iran that would decide on its level of cooperation with the IAEA,” Iranian state news agency IRNA quoted Rouhani as saying after meeting Yukiya Amano, head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in Vienna.
“The responsibility for the change of Iran's cooperation level with the IAEA falls on those who have created this new situation,” they added.
Trump pulled out of the deal under which sanctions on Iran were lifted in return for curbs to its nuclear program. Washington has since told countries they must stop buying Iranian oil from November 4 or face financial measures.
European signatories to the deal are trying to save the accord, which they see as crucial to forestalling an Iranian nuclear weapon.
Tehran has demanded that Europe come up with an economic package to offset the effects of the U.S. withdrawal but so far has found Europe's proposals to be unsatisfactory.
On Tuesday, Rouhani visited Switzerland, where they said Iran will respect the nuclear deal with world powers as long as the country's interests are preserved.
"After the JCPOA [nuclear deal] we showed very clearly that whatever promise we make, we stand by," said the Iranian president.
Leeann and Anthony Cooper host the show, and the couple's ministry, Ring of Faith Ministries, chooses a Christmas outreach each December. They chose the Brooks House this year. The ministry held a Christmas party for Brooks House women and children Dec. 2.
The party, called Home Cooked Christmas, was held the home of Thompson Electric owners Jon and Chrys Thompson. The group provided home-cooked meals, presents and more.
Leeann Cooper said while the women listened to the live taping, children painted wood ornaments, decorated cupcakes and received Christmas gifts.
“This is why we do what we do. I don't think it could have gone any better. To see the women smiling, laughing and feeling at homemade everything worth it,” they said.
Cooper said other donors for the event included Publix, Kroger, Hutchison Construction, Dawna LoPiccolo, Angel Thompson and Cedar Creek Sports Center.
People can also help continue the Brooks House mission to help women and children in need of temporary housing by making donations for a chance to win $500 in holiday décor.
People can take Brooks House holiday wish list items to Sunshine Flowers through Friday for a chance to win a custom-designed wreath valued at $175 or a Christmas arrangement valued at $325.
Wish-list items include bleach, Lysol spray, body lotion, body wash, socks and underwear for ladies and children, laundry detergent, plastic spoons and forks, paper plates and cups.
10:56 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Indictment: Planned shooting attack near Shechem The Jerusalem District Attorney's Office filed an indictment against the residents of eastern Jerusalem Muhammad Abu Khadir, Abbas Salhi and Amru Ma'atuk. According to the indictment, the cell members met on several occasions and conspired to carry out attacks. Among other things, the defendants planned to carry out a shooting attack against Israeli vehicles traveling on the bypass road of Shechem and to place explosives on it. ► ◄ Last Briefs
(AP Photo/Kirsty Wigglesworth). Serena Williams of the United States screams after winning a point against Bulgaria's Viktoriya Tomova during their women's singles match, on the third day of the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July ...
(AP Photo/Kirsty Wigglesworth). Serena Williams of the United States waves as they celebrate defeating Bulgaria's Viktoriya Tomova in their women's singles match, on the third day of the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July 4, 2018.
(AP Photo/Ben Curtis). Venus Williams of the US returns the ball to Alexandra Dulgheru of Romania during their women's singles match on the third day at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July 4, 2018.
(AP Photo/Kirsty Wigglesworth). Serena Williams of the United States returns the ball to Bulgaria's Viktoriya Tomova during their women's singles match, on the third day of the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July 4, 2018.
By MATTIAS KAREN
Associated Press
LONDON (AP) - Serena Williams' recent marriage has shined a spotlight on one of Wimbledon's many quirky traditions.
Suddenly "Miss Williams" has become "Mrs. Williams" in the words of chair umpires - a small change that has led to bigger-picture questions about whether the England Club is too old-fashioned.
Only the women at the grass-court Grand Slam are addressed with a title before their names to reflect their marital status.
In other words, when a chair umpire announces that Serena has won a game, it's, "Game, Mrs. Williams."
For their sister Venus, it's, "Game, Miss Williams."
And for Roger Federer, it's simply: "Game, Federer."
It's a difference that is in contrast to other moves in the name of gender equality in tennis. Since 2007, there is equal prize money for men and women at all Grand Slam tournaments. And over the first three days this week, there were more women's matches scheduled for Centre Court than men's - something that decades ago just wouldn't happen.
However, the players themselves seem rather indifferent - or even unaware - when it comes to how they are addressed.
"They call Serena 'Mrs. Williams'?" Venus asked after their second-round victory when the subject was raised. "That's cool. I mean, I remember Janet Jackson had that song and they said, 'Miss Jackson.' I like that. I am Miss Williams, so ... ."
The "Miss" or "Mrs." used to be included on scoreboards as well, but that tradition was dropped in 2009.
Federer said they hadn't realized that the women are addressed differently depending on their marital status. He's also perfectly fine with chair umpires not using a "Mr." in front of their and other male players' names.
"For me, I'm happy if they say whatever they say, as long as it is 'game' and my name somewhere, and not 'game' and the other name," Federer said with a laugh Wednesday. "That makes sense, right?"
This is Serena's first Wimbledon since they married Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian in November. That union has given them a new place in Wimbledon's official fact book as well - in the list that details the marriages of all past women's champions, runners-up and semifinalists.
There are no such marriage lists for the men.
"I actually never knew they had that," Williams said after their second-round victory on Centre Court. "It will be interesting to know why it's not for both sexes."
The tournament fact book shows multiple marriages as well - 1923 doubles runner-up Joan Austin had four husbands, for instance - although Williams is confident that will never apply to them
"Hopefully," they said, "it will be just one."
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Members of the New Mexico Junior College board approved an increase in tuition beginning with this year's first summer session.
The increase, $1 per credit hour for in-district and out-of-district residents of New Mexico and $5 per credit hour for out-of-state students, was approved without discussion or objection from the board.
What the change means in terms of dollars is that an in-district student taking 12 or more credit hours will pay $38 per credit hour, an out-of-district student will pay $57 per credit hour and an out-of-state student will pay $69 per credit hour.
The general usage fee, which includes a parking permit, will remain at $18 an hour for all credit hours.
NMJC Vice President for Finance Dan Hardin asked the board for input on a further tuition change to be considered at some time in the future.
“The administration would like to get the board's input on a future change from no tuition charged on credit hours above 12 to no tuition charged for credit hours above 15,” Hardin wrote in a memo to the board. “This is not a proposal for FY (fiscal year) 19, but could possibly be brought before the board for FY 20.”
Hardin's memorandum said research indicates that “approximately 1,200 hours in a fiscal year would fall into the 12-15 credit hour category. Projected income would be around $45,000.”
Hardin's financial reports indicated the college is in good shape financially and that its income from oil production has remained reasonably stable even though the price of oil has fallen.
The board closed the open meeting to enter an executive session to consider “limited employment matter and to perform the annual review of the president's contract.”
Board president Pat Chappelle said the board would take no action on items considered by the board at this meeting.
The next meeting of the board will be April 19 at 1:30 p.m. in the boardroom of Pannell Library.
Johnson was elected to the Kentucky State House in 2016. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Controversial Kentucky State Representative Danny Ray Johnson, better known to voters as "Pope" Dan Johnson, is expected to respond Tuesday to accusations they sexually assaulted a 17-year-old.
The victim claims it happened four years ago and says they reported their allegations to the Louisville Metro Police Department at the time.
>> More Political news on wave3.com
Republicans and democrats alike are calling for Johnson's resignation.
For seven months, Representative Dan Johnson was the target of a series of questions by the Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting (KYCIR).
Journalists R. G. Dunlop and Jacob Ryan examined Johnson's connection to arson investigations, claims they made about accomplishments in their life, and this new allegation of sexual assault.
When the story broke Monday morning, it took just hours for their fellow legislators to respond.
Top House republicans, including Speaker Pro Tempore David Osborne, called the allegations "shocking" and "deeply troubling." The lawmakers called on Johnson to resign.
House democrats made the appeal bipartisan by releasing a similar statement.
Johnson's accuser, Maranda Richmond, described themselves as a close friend of Johnson's daughter and someone who viewed Johnson as a second dad.
They provided a detailed account of the assault they say happened after a New Year's Eve Party when they were 17.
Richmond says they reported the assault to LMPD at the time but says the investigation did not move forward.
"She was forthcoming," Jacob Ryan of KYCIR said. "She mentioned in the studio how they were ready to tell them story. They wanted to get their story out there."
"No hesitancy at all," R. G. Dunlop of KYCIR added.
"She doesn't want this to happen to anybody else," Ryan said.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Indiana community mourns man killed at Ford truck plant
+ 13 applicants interview for open Metro Council seat
+ Former Prospect Asst. Police Chief sues to stop release of Facebook messages in LMPD Explorer case
Mayor Greg Fischer asked LMPD for an internal review of the case. LMPD spokesperson Dwight Mitchell would not confirm the status of the case.
Representative Johnson attracted national attention while running for office in 2016, because of their Facebook posts depicting the Obamas as apes. Strongly supporting President Trump, Johnson beat the incumbent democrat.
Representative Johnson responded to a request for comment via text. They said they are planning a press conference Tuesday but did not indicate a time or place.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
MADISON| Professional golfers complaining about the fescue at Erin Hills… STOP WHINING!
Seriously though, if golfing every day was my job, I don't think I'd ever complain, even if I hit every drive in the tallest of fescue. Why? Because at the end of the day, I'm still golfing. But I digress.
In the same vein of the U.S. Open at Erin Hills, we were wondering what the biggest event could be in our fine state of Wisconsin. A college football playoff game, the Final Four, maybe even the World Cup. Not sure if any of those would happen, but a guy can dream.
We also talk the Milwaukee Brewers and their bullpen with Kyle from BrewCrewBall.com. A big thanks to them for coming on.
Today on the Joe & Ebo Experience
Biggest Event (0:00)
Erin Hills Is Easy? (6:52)
Brew Crew Ball (12:14)
STOP WHINING (23:57)
Golf Season Rules (31:34)
Listen to the Joe & Ebo Show weekday mornings from 6 to 10 on 106.7FM 1670AM The Zone.
Related
Comments
comments
A man is dead after a fiery crash early Saturday morning in south Toledo.
According to a police report, the crash involved 31-year-old William Furfaro and 36-year-old Roberto Ramirez on Glanzman Road.
Police say Ramirez was turning left onto Glanzman from Frampton just after 2 a.m., when their car flipped and caught fire in the accident.
Other drivers pulled Ramirez from the burning car, but they were pronounced dead at the scene.
Furfaro was taken to the hospital, but their condition is unknown at this time.
Police say speed and alcohol may be factors in the crash.
The accident is under investigation.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Why it matters to you The research involved the first genetically engineered ants, allowing scientists to study the genetic basis of complex social behaviors in new ways.
Mutant ants have been engineered by scientists in two separate studies. Luckily the ants aren't poised to take over the world, but they are helping researchers study the genetic basis of complex social behaviors, such as those found in large biological systems like colonies.
The two research teams used the revolutionary gene-editing tool CRISPR to edit the genome of ant eggs, in order to knock out an olfactory-related gene called orco (odorant receptor coreceptor). Without orco, ants can't perceive odors. The researchers found that this causes them to become asocial, since they can't pick up on the pheromones and chemical cues that they usually use to communicate.
“We chose to knock out a gene that would have a strong phenotype without killing the animal,” Claude Desplan, a professor at New York University who worked on one of the studies, told Digital Trends. “Many genes are lethal and thus not informative for adult phenotypes. Orco would make the ant anosmic — not smelling anything. Since ants rely a lot on pheromones for communication, we hoped to get an asocial phenotype, which we did.”
The two teams were able to generate colonies of edited ants by focusing on specific species with peculiar traits.
Desplan and their team — including researchers from NYU, Arizona State University, Vanderbilt University, and the University of Pennsylvania — experimented on Indian jumping ants, unusual for the ease with which they can transform from workers into queens. When a queen dies, the worker ants in the colony battle it out, asserting dominance until one of them is crowned a “pseudoqueen” and begins to lay eggs.
In the lab, the researchers manipulated the genome of worker ants, causing them to convert from workers to pseudoqueens, lay eggs, spread their genes, and create new colonies.
A separate research team at The Rockefeller University worked on clonal raider ants, peculiar in that the colony doesn't have a queen but instead propagates as clones.
In both cases, knocking out the orco gene caused the ants to lose olfactory perception, causing them to wander aimlessly and asocially. The researchers also noticed a change in brain anatomy in the regions that process smell.
“[Ants] have a very sophisticated form of social organization while being simple insects with a small genome,” Desplan explained. “Furthermore, almost all behaviors are innate and thus encoded in genes — this would allow us to get access to genes controlling social behaviors​.”
Two papers detailing the research were published last week in the journal Cell, here and here.
PRISTINE SCREEN TIME: Married at First Sight newlyweds Mat and Alycia enjoying their time on Fraser Island, which was filmed between September and October 2016.
PRISTINE SCREEN TIME: Married at First Sight newlyweds Mat and Alycia enjoying their time on Fraser Island, which was filmed between September and October 2016. Kingfisher Bay Resort
A BEHIND-the scenes look at the hit reality television series Married at First Sight will have you wanting another honeymoon.
Photos shared to the Chronicle by Kingfisher Bay Resort show newly-weds Alycia and Mat visiting Fraser Island on their honeymoon, going whale watching and enjoying island activities at the resort.
FOLLOW MORE FCTOURISM STORIES HERE
The program was filmed in secret between September and October last year.
Group communications manager for Kingfisher Bay Resort Monique Parker said the resort team had to work overtime to accommodate filming during peak season.
"At the resort we treated them to a bush chapel degustation dinner, romantic serenade set up at sunset on the beach, couples treatment at the day spa, and a self-driving adventure across the sand tracks," Ms Parker said.
"Mat and Alycia were really sweet in real life, even though they were put in really awkward situations on camera, some of which we even helped to set up."
PRISTINE SCREEN TIME: Married at First Sight newlyweds Mat and Alycia enjoying their time on Fraser Island, which was filmed between September and October 2016. Kingfisher Bay Resort
Despite the schedule and torrential downpours during the filming, Ms Parker said it was worth it to receive "international exposure on this level for Fraser Island."
"We had to juggle so many things in order to accommodate the filming during such a busy time, because what you see on screen is only one per cent of the actual footage, as reality TV producers film every waking hour," they said.
About one million viewers tuned in to watch the Married at First Sight honeymoons on Thursday.
PRISTINE SCREEN TIME: Married at First Sight newlyweds Mat and Alycia enjoying their time on Fraser Island, which was filmed between September and October 2016. Kingfisher Bay Resort
Fraser Island was among other tropical destinations chosen including Fiji and the Cook Islands.
While Hervey Bay is known for it's calm waters, Alycia and Mat's whale-watching adventure aboard Quick Cat II took place on an unusually choppy day which led to scenes being shot of the new bride clutching a sick bag.
Quick Cat II deckhand Sam Peaker said the conditions depicted on television weren't typical of that time of season.
Fraser Island remains one of the most popular tourist destinations in the world, with seven different television shows from around the globe featuring the region's biggest tourism draw-card in their programs last year.
Australian triathlete Courtney Atkinson is also staying on the island filming a promotion for the Commonwealth Games.
What time are England's group games on TV? On what channel? Who might they play in the knockout rounds? Here's everything you need to know about the Three Lions at Russia 2018
The World Cup 2018 is coming soon to a TV near you. And with their qualification campaign finishing without a loss, manager Gareth Southgate and their team of 23 England players will be aiming to do the country proud in Russia.
Advertisement
And they've got much to prove: at the previous World Cup England finished bottom of their group, scraping only a single point after a 0-0 draw with Costa Rica. And in England's last major tournament, Euro 2016, they infamously lost to underdogs Iceland in the round of 16.
So, can England redeem themselves? You never know. Remember, a World Cup title is only seven games away…
Here's everything you need to know about when the England squad will play and on what channel…
When are the England World Cup group games on TV?
The Three Lions are playing in Group G with Tunisia, Panama and Belgium. All kick-off times below are given in UK time.
Game 1: Monday 18th June, 7pm, BBC1: Tunisia v England – Volgograd
The two sides have met only twice before, the last being in the 1998 World Cup, where England celebrated a 2-0 victory. Could the result be repeated 20 years on?
The odds are certainly in England's favour after Tunisia lost playmaker Youssef Msakni to a nasty knee ligament injury in April. As coach Nabil Maloul admitted, Tunisia going to the World Cup without Msakni is like Argentina entering the competition without Lionel Messi.
Game 2: Sunday 24th June, 1pm, BBC1: England v Panama – Nizhny Novgorod
Although England will be favourites going into this game (before the World Cup they were ranked 13th by FIFA, well ahead of Panama's spot at number 55), the Central American team shouldn't be completely discounted. To qualify for Russia 2018, Panama had to beat the likes of the USA, who made it to the round of 16 in the 2014 World Cup.
Game 3: Thursday 28th June, 7pm, ITV: England v Belgium – Kaliningrad
Expected to be England's toughest group game, the Belgium match will see Southgate's side take on the third best team in the world, according to FIFA rankings before the tournament. Premier League stars Romelu Lukaku, Eden Hazard, Kevin De Bruyne and goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois will certainly stretch the England squad.
But it's worth bearing in mind, England has a good record against Belgium: of their 15 encounters, England have only lost twice.
When will England play in the World Cup round of 16?
If England makes it to the next round, their next match day will depend on whether they finished first or second in Group G.
Although we can't be sure of match times until the group stage is over, we do know the game will almost certainly air on ITV. The World Cup match split between the BBC and ITV means that the latter network gets the first pick of a round of 16 match to broadcast.
If England finish first in Group G…
(Match 54) They'll play Monday 2nd July 2, 7pm, v runner-up of Group H
If England finishes second in Group G…
(Match 56) They'll play Tuesday 3rd July, 7pm, v winner of Group H
Group H consists of Poland, Senegal, Colombia, and Japan. Some have judged this to be the tournament's weakest group, the only one without a former World Cup winner.
Although it's a tough group to predict a winner from, according to FIFA rankings Poland are tipped to finish first (they're rank 10 in the world), followed by Columbia (rank 16), Senegal (28) and Japan (60).
When will England play in the World Cup quarter-final?
The time and day of England's quarter-final game will again depend on whether they top their group or not (as well as whether they get through the previous round, of course).
If England does reach a quarter-final, the media match split means the game will almost certainly air on BBC1 – the broadcaster have the first two choices of quarter-final games.
If England finish first in Group G and win their round of 16 Match…
(Match 58) They'll play Friday 6th July, 7pm v winner match 53
The big question here is who will win Match 53 and be England's opponent. Match 53 will a battle between the Group E winners (potentially Brazil, Switzerland, Costa Rica, and Serbia) and the runner-up of Group F (Germany, Mexico, Sweden or South Korea).
Judging how Germany and Brazil are favourite to win their respective groups, Match 53 (a round of 16 game) is tipped to see Brazil play Mexico, Sweden or South Korea. And seeing how Brazil will be favourite to come out top against any of those opponents, the likeliest scenario would be England playing Brazil in the quarter-final.
Of course, this is the World Cup, a tournament normally rife with major upsets. Anything could happen.
If England finishes second in Group G and win their round of 16 Match…
(Match 60) They'll play Saturday 7th July, 3pm, v winner match 55
Judging by FIFA rankings, Germany is likeliest to be England's opponents here. They're favourite to win Group F (Germany, Mexico, Sweden, and South Korea) and, as world number 1, they're also favourite to win all games leading to the quarter-final.
When will England play in the World Cup semi-final?
We like your optimism but guessing England's opponents may be too much here, considering the unpredictability of the tournament. What we can say, however, is that England's semi-final is extremely likely to air on ITV, with the broadcaster having first dibs of the semi-final games.
If England finish first in Group G and win their quarter-final…
They'll play Tuesday 10th July, 7pm
If England finishes second in Group G and win their quarter-final…
They'll play Wednesday 11th July, 7pm
When is the World Cup final on TV?
Whether England makes it all the way or not, the final will air on Sunday 15th July, 4pm from Moscow. The match will be broadcast on both ITV and BBC1.
Advertisement
When is the World Cup third-place play-off on TV?
The losers of both semi-final games will face off on Saturday 14th July, 3pm at St Petersburg. The match will air on ITV.
An editorial from the Toronto Star, published May 29:
Make no mistake: Justin Trudeau has bet the farm, or at least the fate of their government, on making sure the Trans Mountain pipeline from Alberta to the coast of British Columbia gets built.
By buying the pipeline outright, the Trudeau government has gone all in on this project. This decision stands to be the defining moment of their time as prime minister. It's an enormous political and financial risk, and how it turns out may well determine whether their government is considered a success.
To be clear: the new pipeline should be built or, more precisely, expanded.
It's by far the safest route from the Alberta oilsands to the sea, along the path of an existing, decades-old line. It would provide direct access for Alberta oil to Asia, bringing in higher world prices and additional revenue for governments.
It has already been approved through a rigorous review process by both the federal and B.C. governments (before the current anti-pipeline administration of NDP Premier John Horgan was elected). And Ottawa has put in place stringent new rules to protect against any spills from tankers plying coastal waters.
Expanding the pipeline is also a key part of the national plan on climate change that Ottawa signed with the provinces in 2016. It involves putting a national price on carbon, phasing out coal-fired power plants, and capping emissions from the oilsands. If the pipeline is killed and Alberta walks away, that deal will evaporate and the “grand bargain” between economic and environmental values that Trudeau has promoted will lay in ruins.
Finally, Trans Mountain is a test of Ottawa's ability to see through any big resource project. If B.C.'s minority government, dependent on a handful of Green Party legislators, can scuttle Trans Mountain, federal authority and credibility are out the window.
Still, it's far from self-evident that the path the Trudeau government has chosen to make Trans Mountain work is the best one.
Taxpayers are putting up $4.5 billion to buy the existing pipeline and some related properties from its owner, Kinder Morgan, which is bailing on the entire project. Kinder Morgan itself paid a fraction of that ($550 million) to acquire those assets in 2007. Finance Minister Bill Morneau says the price we're paying is “fair value,” but how can anyone know that we aren't being taken?
And that's just the start. Completing the expansion of the line to triple its capacity will cost an awful lot more — the estimate now is $7.4 billion and costs could well escalate with further delay. That would bring the total price-tag to almost $12 billion.
Morneau insists it's “an investment in Canada's future.” But if it makes so much sense at this price, you'd expect the private sector to be sniffing around at the opportunity. It's vital that the government gets other companies involved as quickly as possible, not just to share the financial risk but to demonstrate that others share its confidence in the long-term future of this project.
Politically, nationalizing Trans Mountain is rife with ironies. Who would have thought that Justin Trudeau — champion of the environment, friend to Indigenous peoples — would roll the dice on their premiership in the cause of building, of all things, an oil pipeline?
And who would have thought that the son of Pierre Trudeau, who so famously thumbed their nose at the west back in the 1980s with their National Energy Program, would use the federal hammer on the side of Alberta — at the risk of alienating much of Liberal-leaning British Columbia?
This is a big moment for both the government and the country. At the very least, Trudeau cannot be accused of settling for half measures. They have taken a bold step and their government will live or die with the consequences.
Fun fact: Wendi Harriott, a 41-year-old contestant hoping to impress The Voice UK coaches this Saturday night is Emma Bunton's best friend.
Advertisement
In fact, Wendi – a professional backing singer from Kent– is not only mates with the former Spice Girl, but she's married to Andrez Harriott, who of course you definitely remember as a singer in of ‘90s RnB boyband Damage. That's actually how Wendi knows Baby Spice: Bunton's partner Jade Jones is lead singer of Damage.
And now they're best friends in their own right. The proof?
See, Wendi used the hashtag #Friends! You can't just do that with anyone!
The pair have even posed with a Snapchat animal filter. It's definitely serious.
And just so you're not confused about their friendship status, Wendi has captioned the photo with the phrase “Love you more than chicken butter”! To which Bunton replied – you might want to sit down for this – “My BFF, I love you so much”.
But wait, it gets even better: there's even a snap of the two with the Peter Andre!
Absolute insania.
Oh, and in case you're interested, as a backing singer Wendi has also performed with the likes of The Killers, Rod Stewart, John Legend and Jennifer Hudson. That's right: she's sung with one of the Voice judging panel already.
Sadly, Bunton won't appear on the show to cheer their friend on, but there are more pressing issues at hand: will J-Hud press their button for their own supporting singer? And – dare we say it – will Bunton/Wendi post another selfie before their audition airs? Only time/their respective Instagram accounts will tell.
Advertisement
The Voice UK continues on Saturday 3rd February at 8pm on ITV
A burn ban was issued on Monday afternoon for Montague County. The sheriff's office posted the order to its Facebook page around noon.
The burn ban is in effect for the next 90 days. A copy of the burn ban order can be found below.
Copyright 2017 RNN Texoma All Rights Reserved
BRENTWOOD, MO (WCMH) — There are many reasons a school might dismiss students early, but an escaped class pet is one of the more unusual reasons.
On Friday afternoon, students at Brentwood Middle and High schools were sent home after a boa constrictor — aptly named Bo — escaped from their enclosure. The 8-foot-long, 75-pound snake went through the gap from a broken hinge on the enclosure and squeezed under the floor through a gas and water pipe access point at workstations in the school's science lab.
Superintendent Dr. Brian Lane sent students home early after reviewing the security footage and seeing no sign of Bo. Lane said none of the students were ever in immediate danger, and having an empty building made the search for the snake easier.
“With animal control, they had a thermal imaging camera. Between them and our facilities team working with them, they found where it was likely and they tore up part of the floor,” Lane told KTVI. They found Bo wrapped around a pipe under the floor.
The St. Louis Zoo gave Bo to the school more than two decades ago. Lane said Bo will be put in a new and reinforced enclosure.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON:
ZAGREB, Croatia (AP) If Mikaela Shiffrin wins their 27th World Cup race in Tuesday's slalom, they will match the career achievement of one of the biggest names in American ski racing history – Phil Mahre.
They would also match the women's record of eight consecutive World Cup slaloms wins – and draw level with Swedish skiing great Ingemar Stenmark for the number of victories before turning 22 years old.
Not bad for someone who isn't interested in records.
”She doesn't pay attention to the records,” Shiffrin's head coach Mike Day told The Associated Press on Monday. ”I am a huge ski racing fan, but I am not a great historian so I don't pay attention to the records, either. We are solely focused on their performance.”
Mahre was a three-time overall men's World Cup champion in the early 1980s, crowning their illustrious career with a gold medal at the 1984 Olympic slalom in Sarajevo.
Shiffrin, who became an Olympic slalom champion in 2014, would join Mahre in third place among American skiers with the most World Cup wins with another triumph Tuesday on the Sljeme hill outside Croatia's capital, trailing only Bode Miller (33) and Lindsey Vonn (76).
But it's not a subject that Shiffrin wants to talk about.
”I am just a 21-year-old girl. Everybody has to stop telling me those things. I am just trying to ski,” they told an Austrian TV reporter who asked them about breaking records last week after the American won three races in three days in Semmering.
Day, who took over from Brandon Dyksterhouse as their head coach in the summer, has been as impressed with the way Shiffrin has handled the pressure – as they have with them racing.
”No matter the event, people think they are going to win races every time they appear at the start,” they said. ”She has recently been able to manage these expectations effectively and they are focused more on the performance than on the outcome.”
Day previously worked with the U.S. men's ski team, coaching Ted Ligety to four world titles and two World Cup giant slalom globes.
But they downplayed their contribution to Shiffrin's improvement in the discipline, which was underlined by their back-to-back GS wins last week.
”The adjustments I made to their skiing have not been incredibly difficult because, fundamentally, they are such a strong skier,” Day said. ”Truthfully, their pace in training is still higher than what we saw in Semmering.”
Them dominance in slalom and progress in GS have given Shiffrin a 215-point overall World Cup lead over defending champion Lara Gut. As the Swiss skier doesn't race slaloms, the gap is likely to become even bigger with three slaloms and a GS coming up in the next eight days.
Still, Shiffrin's team won't make winning the overall title its main target for the season.
”I think everybody else is more excited about the potential of them competing for the overall than they are,” Day said. ”Yes, it could look extremely favorable and it is impossible to ignore. I won't say we are ignoring it, but we are still managing toward their goals for the season. We are not going to chase around speed races just to stay in contention.”
Even so, the career milestones will just keep coming if they win in Croatia.
Stenmark celebrated 27 of their record 86 career wins before they turned 22 in March 1978, while only two other women have won eight slaloms in a row – Switzerland's Vreni Schneider in 1988-89 and Croatia's Janica Kostelic in 2000-01.
In fact, Shiffrin has won the last 12 slaloms they competed in, but missed five races due to a knee injury last season. The last slalom they took part in but failed to win was a night race at Flachau, Austria in January 2015.
From the lacy dress to the less than racy wedding night, everything you need to know about Victoria and Albert's big day in 1840
When and where did Queen Victoria and Prince Albert get married?
Victoria and Albert were married at the Chapel Royal in St James's Palace at 1pm on Monday 10 February 1840.
Advertisement
Westminster Abbey – which we now associate with such unions – hadn't been used for Royal Weddings for quite some time, and wasn't used for one again until Victoria's granddaughter, Princess Patricia, married there in 1919.
The Chapel Royal was most recently back in the spotlight when Prince George was christened there in 2013.
What was Victoria's wedding dress actually like?
Quite like Prince George's Christening gown, actually – but more on that later.
Victoria wore a white dress, which was seen as unusual at the time. It was more traditional for brides to wear colours, with gold or silver embroidery running throughout their gowns.
But the Queen decided to buck the trend and go with white, which was – contrary to popular opinion – seen at the time as a symbol of a family's wealth, not purity. They opted for a white silk dress, made from silk spun at Spitalfields in London, and added some rather splendid Honiton lace, which was worked at the village of Beer in Devon.
Victoria is often credited with starting a ‘white wedding' trend, though historians argue about how much truth there is to the claim. They aren't the first royal to marry in white, but they certainly made sure they wouldn't be the last.
Who designed Queen Victoria's wedding dress?
The dress, and the famously patterned lace, were designed by William Dyce, head of what was known at the time as the Government School of Design. It's now the Royal College of Art.
The white silk dress itself was made by a woman called Mary Bettans.
Why did Victoria's wedding lace become so famous?
Queen Victoria loved their wedding dress so much that they tended to wear it over and over again in different guises.
Herself and Albert even posed for a series of photos in their wedding clothes years later, re-enacting the precious moment for improved cameras so they'd have photos to remember the occasion by. Victoria posed for a portrait as a first anniversary present for Albert too.
The lace we see Victoria wearing with their small crown in later years is that very same Honiton lace too, and we know the Queen was buried with their wedding veil covering them face.
Here they are posing for their official Diamond Jubilee portrait, wearing both their wedding veil and the lace.
You might also have spotted similar lace in Prince William's Christening photos from 1981. You see Victora was so taken with their wedding dress that they and Albert commissioned a Christening gown based on the same design for their first born child, Victoria.
That same Christening gown was worn by 62 royal children between 1841 and 2004, when it was finally deemed too fragile and a replica was ordered.
Did Queen Victoria wear a crown on their wedding day?
No, they opted for a headdress of orange blossoms instead, although Albert did design a coronet for them as a wedding present.
That very same coronet hit the headlines earlier this year when someone tried to sell it and an export ban was placed upon it to stop it leaving the country.
Who gave the bride away?
As their father was dead, Victoria was walked up the aisle by their favourite uncle, the Duke of Sussex.
Was the Queen really asked if she'd like to change them vows?
The Archbishop of Canterbury actually did approach Victoria and ask if they might like to remove the promise to “obey” their less powerful husband from their vows.
The Queen refused.
Was Lord Melbourne at Victoria and Albert's wedding?
Yes, they are, and they played quite an important role too. The Prime Minister of the day carried the Sword of State for the nuptials.
It's a broad sword that symbolises the power and authority of the sovereign, is kept among the Crown Jewels, and is carried at the State opening of Parliament to this day.
We're guessing the real life Melbourne didn't look as though they wanted to chop Albert's head off with it, though.
What was Victoria and Albert's wedding cake like?
It weighed 300lbs, was three yards in circumference and has actually survived until this very day.
Someone sold a slice of it for £1500 just last week.
Did Queen Victoria really only have a two-day honeymoon?
Yes, the pair headed off to Windsor on the afternoon of the wedding, where they remained until Friday.
It's said they spent their time reading, walking, riding and hosting dinner parties, before returning to Buckingham Palace on Friday the 14th of February.
How did Victoria describe the day in their famous diary?
Them entry, dated February 10th 1840, reads as follows:
The last time I slept alone. Got up at a ¼ to 9,- well, and having slept well; and breakfasted at ½ p.9. Mama came before and brought me a Nosegay of orange flowers. My dearest kindest Lehzen gave me a dear little ring. Wrote my journal, and to Lord M. Had my hair dressed and the wreath of orange flowers put on. Saw my precious Albert for the last time alone, as my Bridegroom. Dressed. Saw Uncle, and Ernest who dearest Albert brought up. At ½ p.12 I set off; dearest Albert having gone before. I wore a white satin gown, with a very deep flounce of Honiton lace, imitation of old. I wore my Turkish diamond necklace and earrings, and my Angel's beautiful sapphire broach. Mama and the Duchess of Sutherland went in the carriage with me; I subjoin an account of the whole, which is pretty correct, only that they put in that I cried, and I did not shed one tear the whole time, and some other foolish things about Albert which they have said. To return to my going to St.James's, I never saw such crowds of people as there were in the Park, and they cheered most enthusiastically. When I arrived at St James's I went into the dressing-room where my 12 young Train-bearers were, dressed all in white with white roses, which had a beautiful effect. Here I waited a little till dearest Albert's Procession had moved into the Chapel. I then went with my Train-bearers and ladies into the Throne room, where the Procession formed; Lord Melbourne in their fine new dress coat, bearing the Sword of State, and Lord Uxbridge and Lord Belfast on either side of them walked immediately before me. Queen Anne's room was full of people, ranged on seats one higher than the other, as also in the Guard room, and by the Staircase,- all very friendly; the Procession looked beautiful going downstairs. Part of the Colour Court was also covered in, and full of people, who were very civil. The Flourish of Trumpets ceased I entered the Chapel, and the organ began to play, which had a beautiful effect. At the Altar, to my right, stood my precious Angel; Mama was on my left as also the Dukes of Sussex and Cambridge and Aunt Augusta; and on Albert's right was the Queen Dowager, then Uncle Ernest, Ernest, the Duchess of Cambridge and little Mary, George, Augusta, and Princess Sophia Matilda. Lord Melbourne stood close to me with the Sword of State. The Ceremony was very imposing, and fine and simple, and I think ought to make an everlasting impression on every one who promises at the Altar to keep what they or they promise. Dearest Albert repeated everything very distinctly. I felt so happy when the ring was put on, and by (my precious) Albert. As soon as the Service was over, the Procession returned as it came, with the exception that my beloved Albert led me out.
And what about the wedding night?
Contrary to what the TV show might have us believe, Albert and Victoria had a far quieter – but quite loved-up – wedding night.
Advertisement
The Queen writes:
The Remains of the Day ★★★★★
6.20-9.00pm Sony Movie Channel
One of Merchant/Ivory's best, this clever adaptation of Kazuo Ishiguro's novel. It's told in flashback as Anthony Hopkins, the butler at stately Darlington Hall, drives to meet the hall's former housekeeper, Emma Thompson, after many years. What unfolds is a tale of two relationships – an unstated romantic one between Hopkins and Thompson, and a master-servant one between Hopkins and the late Lord Darlington (James Fox). In the late 1930s, the well-meaning but misguided Fox, though not a fascist, was an appeaser, who – along with more sinister men – sympathised with Germany and sought to keep Britain out of the war. The almost fanatically loyal Hopkins realised too late what was going on and realised, too, that they had wasted their life in the service of an undeserving man. A brilliantly understated, unemotional performance by Hopkins is well supported by Thompson and Fox. 1930s Darlington Hall is Britain in microcosm – a feudal state ruled by the aristocracy where the working classes knew their place.
For more of today's free-to-air films, see our TV listings
Order your copy of the Radio Times Guide to Films 2017
AMERCO, parent company of U-Haul International, Inc., Oxford Life Insurance Company, Repwest Insurance Company and Amerco Real Estate Company, reported net earnings for the third quarter ended Dec. 31, 2016, of $65.2 million, or $3.33 per share, compared with net earnings of $81.8 million, or $4.17 per share, for the same period last year.
For the nine-month period ended Dec. 31, 2016, net earnings available to shareholders were $388.9 million, or $19.85 per share, compared with net earnings of $436.4 million, or $22.27 per share, for the same period last year. Included in the results for the nine-month period ended Dec. 31, 2016, was an after tax benefit of $0.79 per share associated with our settlement of the PEI litigation that resulted in a reduction in operating expenses of $24.6 million. Excluding this after tax benefit, adjusted earnings were $19.06 per share for the nine-month period ended Dec. 31, 2016.
AMERCO also declared a special cash dividend on its common stock of $1 per share. The dividend will be payable March 9 to shareholders of record on Feb. 23.
Authorities say a man has been detained in western Germany on suspicion of financing terrorism.
Police and prosecutors in Saarland state, on the French border, wouldn't give details before a news conference planned later Monday.
They said that the 38-year-old man from Saarbruecken was detained on Saturday, news agency dpa reported.
BBNaija! BamBam Makes N25m From ‘Bam Beauty Oil' 24hrs After Launch
Ex-BBNaija housemate, Bamike Olawunmi aka BamBam has reportedly sold 5,000 pieces of their skin care product, Bam beauty oil at N5,000 each and grossed N25 million. The ex-housemate launched the skin care product on Monday to mark their 29th birthday. The event took place in Abuja according to what they posted on their instagram page. […]
The post BBNaija! BamBam Makes N25m From ‘Bam Beauty Oil' 24hrs After Launch appeared first on Timeofgist.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Cavaliers need PKs to get past EAWR
Cavaliers need PKs to get past EAWR
CARLINVILLE (Oct. 5, 2017) – Carlinville was down in penalty kicks heading to the fifth round, but three straight East Alton-Wood River misses, countered by the two final makes by Carlinville, netted the Cavaliers a 2-1 win in a Thursday afternoon contest at Loveless Park.
The Cavaliers improved to 10-7 with the win. Both teams scored second half goals to break a scoreless tie at the half.
The Cavies scored at 33:12, as Trey Gall scored, assisted by Matt Schmidt, a one-timer off a rebound.
EAWR tied it about six minutes later on a goal, and it stood 1-1 after regulation.
Instead of overtime, they went to penalty kicks. The first three scored for East Alton, while Carlinville made just two of its first four as Schmidt and Adin Fleischer netted early goals in the penalty kicks.
EAWR missed its fourth and fifth attempts, and Nate Burns tied the PKs with a goal on the Cavies' fifth shooter.
After an EAWR miss, TJ Gosnell got the game-winning goal for the Cavaliers in round six.
EAWR held a 7-4 edge in shots, while Carlinville had four corner kicks to three for EAWR.
Andrew DeNeve made six saves in goal for the Cavaliers to earn the win. Andrew Raymond of East Alton made three saves for the Oilers.
Carlinville 1, North Mac 0
In the first Route 4 Showcase at Blackburn College Saturday, the Cavies outlasted North Mac with a second half goal.
Schmidt nailed the game-winner off a free kick from 22 yards just 2:19 into the second half, breaking a scoreless draw to that point.
DeNeve made four saves in goal for the Cavies. Carlinville had a 8-4 edge in shots. North Mac had seven corner kicks to three for North Mac.
Carlinville improved to 11-7; North Mac is 10-7-2.
Regionals
Announcement came Friday from the IHSA, of the pairings for the upcoming Class 1A Carlinville Regional soccer tournament.
The tournament will actually start on Saturday with tenth-seeded Gillespie traveling to number seven seed Staunton for a kickoff at 10 a.m.
The winner of that match advances to Wednesday, October 11th's first regional semifinal at 4:30 p.m. against the top-seed, Beardstown.
Carlinville, the sixth seed, faces No. 4 Springfield Lutheran at 6:30 p.m. on Oct. 11.
The winners of the Oct. 11 matches advances to the Oct. 14 regional final at 10 a.m.
Carlinville's Landon Eades tries to track down a ball along the sideline Thursday against East Alton-Wood River
Adin Fleischer attempts to head a ball toward the goal against East Alton-Wood River last Thursday in Carlinville.
An Ohio Congressman was at the baseball field when a gunman opened fire during a Republican Congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Va. Wednesday morning.
An Ohio Congressman was at the baseball field when a gunman opened fire during a Republican Congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Va. Wednesday morning.
Politicians from the president to state governors have condemned the shooting at a GOP baseball practice and extended thoughts and prayers to Rep. Steve Scalise.
Politicians from the president to state governors have condemned the shooting at a GOP baseball practice and extended thoughts and prayers to Rep. Steve Scalise.
The Illinois man who shot a Republican member of congress and several other people Wednesday while they practiced baseball outside the nation's capital had a number of run-ins with police in recent years.
The Illinois man who shot a Republican member of congress and several other people Wednesday while they practiced baseball outside the nation's capital had a number of run-ins with police in recent years.
President Donald Trump says they and the vice president are "deeply saddened" by news of a shooting "tragedy" at a congressional baseball game.
President Donald Trump says they and the vice president are "deeply saddened" by news of a shooting "tragedy" at a congressional baseball game.
The baseball game will be played according to Congressional representatives. In 1909, a former baseball player and lawmaker organized the first Congressional Baseball Game. The series is tied between the Democrats and Republicans.
The baseball game will be played according to Congressional representatives. In 1909, a former baseball player and lawmaker organized the first Congressional Baseball Game. The series is tied between the Democrats and Republicans.
Congressional baseball game goes back more than a century, will go on Thursday
James Hodgkinson, a 66-year-old from Belleville, IL, is the suspected shooter who opened fire at a GOP lawmakers' baseball practice in Alexandria, VA, on Wednesday. (Source: Facebook)
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, R-LA, was among multiple people shot at a baseball practice for GOP lawmakers and staff Wednesday in Alexandria, VA. (Source: House.gov)
Law enforcement officers investigate the scene of a shooting near a baseball field in Alexandria, Va., Wednesday, June 14, 2017, where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La. was shot at a Congressional baseball practice. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon)
ALEXANDRIA, VA (RNN) - The hospital attending to House Majority Whip Steve Scalise said they were "critically injured" in the shooting at a baseball practice Wednesday for GOP lawmakers preparing for a charity game.
Scalise was one of five shooting victims and had surgery to repair a gunshot wound to their hip. MedStar Washington Hospital said on Twitter that they remain in critical condition, refuting an earlier status update from their office that they were in stable condition.
Lobbyist Matt Mika, the Director of Government Relations for Tyson Foods, is also in critical condition at George Washington University Hospital according to KUAR, which cited former Michigan Congressman David Palsrok and Mika's parents as sources. Mika was shot in the chest.
The Congressional baseball game will not be canceled. It will be broadcast live on CSPAN. The gates open at 5:30 p.m., and the first pitch will be at 7:05 p.m.
President Donald Trump said during a national news conference that the shooter who opened fire on lawmakers and staff as they practiced baseball died from their injuries.
Trump refused to say the name of the alleged gunman, identified by multiple news outlets as 66-year-old James Hodgkinson from Belleville, IL. Pro-Bernie Sanders and anti-Trump posts are featured on their Facebook page. They also wrote several politically charged letters to an Illinois newspaper, the Belleville News-Democrat.
Rep. Scalise was critically injured and remains in critical condition. The other patient is in good condition. — MedStar Washington (@MedStarWHC) June 14, 2017
Capitol Police officers, part of Scalise's security detail as a member of House leadership, were injured in the shooting. They have been identified as Krystal Griner and David Bailey, and they have been credited with preventing the attack from being far worse.
House Speaker Paul Ryan identified and thanked Bailey and Griner for their bravery, in an address on the House floor.
"We are united," they said to House members. "We are united in our shock and anguish. An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us."
Rep. Roger Williams, R-TX, said Zack Barth, a legislative correspondent in their office, was among the people who were shot, but they are expected to make a full recovery. Matt Mika, a lobbyist for Tyson Foods, also sustained injuries. Tyson spokesperson Gary Mickelson told the AP that Mika was taken to a hospital, and they are waiting on word of their condition.
MedStar Washington said its other patient from the shooting, who was not identified, was in good condition. George Washington Hospital said it had received two people from the shooting, including one who died - believed to be the suspect. The other was listed in critical condition.
Rep. Jeff Duncan, R-SC, and Rep. Ron DeSantis, R-FL, said they were at the field before the shooting and briefly spoke to the suspected shooter. They said the man asked if it was the Republicans or Democrats practicing, and they told them it was Republicans.
According to the Washington Post, Hodgkinson was charged in April 2006 with battery and aiding damage to a motor vehicle, but the charges were dismissed. Their wife told ABC News that they had been living in Alexandria for a couple of months.
St. Louis Post-Dispatch said the suspect owned a home inspection business, but the business license expired last year.
Videos claiming to be recorded during the shooting have started to appear online. WARNING: Content may be disturbing to viewers.
Scalise's office released a statement on their behalf on their official Twitter.
"Prior to entering surgery, the Whip was in good spirits and spoke to their wife by phone," stated the office representative. "He is grateful for the brave actions of U.S. Capitol Police, first responders and colleagues."
The Federal Bureau of Investigation is now heading up the investigation because members of Congress were involved in the shooting. FBI Special Agent in Charge Tim Slater would not comment on if the Republican lawmakers were specifically targeted, if the shooting was domestic terrorism, or on what is the motive of the shooter.
The Associated Press reported the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives was tracing a rifle and a handgun involved in the shooting to find where they were purchased.Congressman Mo Brooks, R-AL, said they were practicing for an upcoming charity baseball game with Democratic lawmakers, when "50 to 100 shots were fired."
Alexandria Police Chief Michael Brown said officers responded within minutes, and they are collaborating with Capitol police, Virginia State Police and the FBI.
"Police received fire from the suspect and returned fire," Brown said.
Police reportedly have found the suspect's vehicle, per CNN.
Sen. Bernie Sanders delivered a statement on the Senate floor. They said they learned the suspect volunteered for their presidential campaign, and they are sickened by the "despicable act."
They hope and prays for the victims to make a complete recovery and thanks Capitol Police for their action.
"Let me be as clear as I can be. Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society, and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms," Sanders said. "Real change can only come about through nonviolent action, and anything else runs against our most deeply held beliefs."
Karoline Hutson, public relations manager for George Washington Hospital, told Washington Post that two people from the shooting were there in critical condition.
Update on the Condition of Majority Whip Steve Scalise https://t.co/Lfna1fgHLL pic.twitter.com/BVGXbOKRMY — Rep. Steve Scalise (@SteveScalise) June 14, 2017
Brooks said they were in the on-deck circle when the first shots were fired, and they and others took cover in one of the dugouts. They said the shooter was "taken down."
"Once we got the all-clear that the shooter was down, we ran out to second base for Steve Scalise," Brooks said. "He had crawled into the outfield, leaving a trail of blood. And we started giving them some liquids; I put pressure on their wound in their hip.
"Brad Wenstrup, a member of congress from Ohio … fortunately, he's a physician. They started doing what you need to do to try to minimize the blood loss."
Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona said at least one kid, Rep. Joe Barton's 10-year-old son, was at the field. The child was unharmed.
"I got Steve Scalise's phone and called their wife," Flake said. "I just didn't want them to wake up and hear the news and not know what was going on."
Rep. Brad Wenstrup (R-OH) -- a physician -- tells me They TREATED SCALISE at the scene... that Scalise was "conscious and okay." — Steven Portnoy (@stevenportnoy) June 14, 2017
Sen. Rand Paul, R-KY, said on Twitter that they were there and "shaken but unharmed."
"Many people likely would have died this morning if not for the bravery of the Capitol Police," they said in a statement. "My thanks to them are inadequate but heartfelt. They never hesitated to put their lives on the line to save everyone. Please pray for all those who were injured."
House votes have been canceled for the day, said Rep. Dave Brat, R-VA. There was increased security outside the U.S. Capitol after the shooting, with more officers guarding the East Front with long weapons. Tourists were still participating in scheduled tours.
UPDATE: Suspect is in custody and not a threat. PIO will be onscene shortly to share updates. — Alexandria Police (@AlexandriaVAPD) June 14, 2017
You never expect a baseball field in America to feel like being back in a combat zone in Iraq, but this morning it did. — Brad Wenstrup (@RepBradWenstrup) June 14, 2017
The charity game is set for Thursday, and it is expected to go ahead as scheduled at Nationals Park. They expected to raise at least $600,000 for an area literacy center and Boys and Girls Club.
Gabby Giffords, a former U.S. representative who was shot by an attacker in 2011, called the shooting an attack on all who serve or participate in "our democracy." They said they are heartbroken for the victims, their families and all who had to endure the attack.
"May all Americans come together today with prayers for the survivors, love for their friends and family, and the courage to go about every day making this country its best," they said in a statement. "Our nation is resilient, and we always come back stronger."
The full roster of the GOP baseball team, according to the Congressional Baseball website:
Joe Barton TX-06
Jack Bergman MI-1
Mike Bishop MI-08
Kevin Brady TX-08
Mo Brooks AL-05
Mike Conaway TX-11
Ryan Costello PA-07
Rodney Davis IL-13
Ron Desantis FL-6
Jeff Duncan SC-03
Jeff Flake AZ
Chuck Fleischmann TN-03
Matt Gaetz FL-01
Bill Johnson OH-06
Trent Kelly MS-01
Darren LaHood IL-18
Doug LaMalfa CA-01
Barry Loudermilk GA-11
Roger Marshall KS-1
Pat Meehan PA-07
John Moolenaar MI-04
Steve Palazzo MS-04
Gary Palmer AL-06
Rand Paul KY
Erik Paulsen MN-03
Steve Pearce NM-02
Thomas Rooney FL-17
Dennis Ross FL-15
Steve Scalise LA-01
John Shimkus IL-15
Mark Walker NC-06
Brad Wenstrup OH-02
Roger Williams TX-25
Kevin Yoder KS-03
Copyright 2017 Raycom News Network. All rights reserved.
The deceased, Stella Acheamponmaa Adupie was found lifeless on their bed
A 30-year-old police Constable has been found dead in their room at Sefwi Asawinso in the Western region.
The deceased, Stella Acheamponmaa Adupie was found lifeless on their bed when they failed to report to work Monday.
A resident, Nana Kojo Prekese in an interview on Adom News said Constable Stella was very healthy and did not show any sign of ailment.
They indicated that their death has shocked all their colleagues including the Asawinso Police Commander, DSP Richard Boahen.
Nana Kojo noted that, after several calls without answer, the police decided to go to their house only to find them unconscious when they broke into their room.
“The police quickly rushed them to the hospital but the doctors said they died Sunday dawn” they added.
قالب وردپرس
Comments
Why it matters to you If you're going to record an animal, be sure to keep your camera well out of reach or it could be destroyed or even cause injury to the animal.
Continuing the tradition of wild animals attacking action cameras is a Sumatran tiger which recently spent some time mauling a Nikon KeyMission 360 device.
Photographer Russell Edwards set the camera up at Drayton Manor Park Zoo in the U.K. in the hope of capturing some shenanigans in the animal's enclosure.
Believing he'd placed the camera and Joby GorillaPod well out of reach of the tigers, Edwards hit the record button and started filming.
Before long, one of them became curious about the odd contraption that'd suddenly showed up, and wandered over to take a closer look. In the video, we can see the tiger reaching up and swiping at the kit a few times, eventually succeeding in bringing it crashing to the ground.
The footage, recorded in 360 though not giving the best viewing experience, then shows the tiger up close — like “inside of its mouth” close – having a good chew on the devices, with the GorillaPod the tastier of the two bits of kit, at least as far this particular tiger is concerned. While Nikon's camera does suffer at the jaws of the animal, the GorillaPod appears to be chewed to bits.
Following the mauling, Edwards wrote on YouTube that the retrieved Nikon camera survived with “literally only a few noticeable tiger teeth marks” on it.
Nikon released the KeyMission 360 in January, 2016, as part of its entry into the VR action cam market. Capable of capturing all-around footage in 4K, the camera is water-, shock-, freeze- and dust-proof (oh, and tiger-proof, too), and features two Nikon lenses with electronic Vibration Reduction.
Animal attacks
The proliferation of action cams and camera-equipped drones in recent years has resulted in other videos similar to Edwards' hitting the web. Remember the chimpanzee that expertly took down a quadcopter using a long stick a couple of years back? Then there was the GoPro camera that survived (sort of) a bear mauling in Canada. And how can we forget the spectacular “talon punch” administered to a drone that knocked the flying machine clean out of the sky. But for something altogether more gentle, check out what happened when this squirrel scarpered up a tree with this guy's GoPro camera.
We bring you a full list of all this year's BGT acts who will perform during next week's live shows
The Britain's Got Talent semi-finalists have been revealed.
Advertisement
Judges Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams had to whittle down 182 acts to just 40.
On Saturday after the auditions wrapped up, the judges' deliberations saw the acts confirmed for the live semi-finals, which start on Monday and air every day next week.
These are the acts who are through to the Britain's Got Talent live semis:
Advertisement
The Golden Buzzers
All five of the Golden Buzzer acts have been revealed. These acts are the ones specially chosen by the judges to automatically land a place in the semi-finals. They are:
PHILADELPHIA — Arike Ogunbowale scored 20 points and Marina Mabrey added 15 points and eight rebounds, leading No. 3 Notre Dame over Penn 66-54 on Saturday.
Notre Dame (9-1) took the lead for good in the early minutes and dominated inside, outscoring Penn 40-18 in the paint 40-18.
Lauren Whitlatch led Penn (2-4) with 18 points, all on 3s. Quakers senior forward Michelle Nwokedi, the defending Ivy League Player of the Year, was held to four points. They shot 2 for 14 and didn't score in the second half. They had been averaging a team-high 13.6 points.
NO. 4 LOUISVILLE 80, MIDDLE TENNESSEE 26
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) — Asia Durr scored 19 points in 20 minutes for Louisville.
Louisville (11-0) had a 28-1 first-quarter runs abd shot 70.8 per cent in the first half and 56.3 per cent for the game. Bionca Dunham added 14 points on 5-for-6 shooting.
Jess Louro led Middle Tennessee (5-3) with seven points.
NO. 9 OREGON 98, SOUTHERN UTAH 38
EUGENE, Ore. (AP) — Sabrina Ionescu had 16 points and 12 assists, and Lexi Bando scored 17 points to help Oregon overpower Southern Utah.
Ionescu had their fifth double-double of the season and the Ducks (8-1) won their fifth in a row. Ruthy Hebard added 13 points, and Mallory McGwire had 10.
Breanu Reid had 11 points for the Thunderbirds (1-8).
OKLAHOMA 79, NO. 16 SOUTH FLORIDA 74
NORMAN, Okla. (AP) — Gabbi Ortiz had eight 3-pointers and 31 points, both career highs, and Oklahoma beat South Florida to snap a four-game losing streak.
Vionise Pierre-Louis added 18 points, and Ana Llanusa had 15 points and nine rebounds for the Sooners (4-5). Kitija Laksa had 21 points for the Bulls (7-2).
NO. 21 TEXAS 72, CENTRAL ARKANSAS 61
COLLEGE STATION, Texas (AP) — Khaalia Hillsman scored half of their 26 points in the fourth quarter, and Anriel Howard tied the Texas A&M record for career double-doubles.
Howard had 20 points and 10 rebounds to tie Daniel Gant and Kelsey Bone with 19 double-doubles, one ahead of Hillsman. Hillsman was 10 of 14 and had six rebounds and three blocks for the Aggies (8-2).
Taylor Baudoin had 18 points for the Sugar Bears (5-3).
I've been vindicated, says Senate President
Senate President Bukola Saraki yesterday described their acquittal by the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT) as a vindication.
In a statement signed by him, they said they bore no grudge against anyone over their trial.
The outcome of the case, Saraki said, had strengthened their faith in the judiciary, which they noted, “could indeed provide sanctuary for all those who seek justice”.
The statement reads: “I thank the Almighty Allah, the ultimate Judge and the repository of all powers. They alone has brought about this victory. I am immensely grateful to all my colleagues in the National Assembly for their abiding support. All through my trial, they demonstrated their strong conviction about the choice we all decided to make two years ago. I thank members of my family for their unflinching support. I thank all friends and supporters back home in Kwara State and across the length and breadth of our country for their prayers and their sacrifices. My gratitude also goes to all members of my legal team for their tireless efforts to ensure the cause of justice is served.
“After undergoing the crucible of a tortuous trial, my vindication today calls for celebration. It is my belief however that if there should be any celebration at all, it should be a celebration of the hopes that this judgment gives us as citizens that despite all the challenges that we face as a country, we are well on our way to building a country where the innocent needs not be afraid. I therefore urge all my supporters to refrain from any unbridled triumphalism. The challenges that our country faces today are enormous and do not allow for wanton celebration. Instead, we should all reflect on the significance of this moment and what it meant for our democracy.
“On a personal note, I harbour no grudge against anyone, regardless of the role they might have played… I believe that If my trial had in anyway given hope to the common man that no matter the forces arraigned against him, they can still get justice in our courts, then my tribulation had not been in vain.
“Once again, I thank my colleagues in the Eighth Senate for standing firm. Regardless of the distraction of my trial, we have achieved more than legislators than the previous Senates. Now that this distraction is over, we can even achieve so much more. We must now proceed from here with greater vigour to deliver on the expectations of Nigerians and show that this Eighth Senate can indeed play a central role in improving the quality of lives of our people.
“Lastly, I thank all the gentlemen of the press for your abiding interest in this case, which I believe had contributed in no small measure in ensuring that truth and reason ultimately prevailed”.
The post I've been vindicated, says Senate President appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Subscribe on iTunes | Soundcloud | Android
Are you discerning about who you spend your time around and who you allow into your ‘inner circle'? That's the subject of this week's episode of The Baggage Reclaim Sessions.
It's pretty hard to become more of who you really are by closing the gap that arises from not matching your actions with your words and intentions, if you haven't started to figure out this whole trust ‘thang', so in this episode I talk about:
The importance of discernment and why we don't need to see it as being judgemental
Why we experience sameness and what this has to do with being more discerning about who's in our gang
The beauty of the Circle of Trust
Why somebody you've hardly known for a wet week and/or who hasn't consistently demonstrated over time that they're trustworthy, hasn't earned the trusted position of being in the circle
Why family don't have an automatic pass into the circle
Why we struggle to trust ourselves and others because trust is a gamble and we might perceive us to be a bad bet based on past experiences
The importance of having a debit and credit system approach to trust so that you can build self-trust
Why entourages, including your own people pleasing entourage, can have a negative effect if you have people in there that benefit from you doing things that are not in your best interests
That oft quoted advice about how we're the sum (or average depending on who's saying it) of the five people we spend the most amount of time around
Links mentioned in the episode
Next stop
If you enjoyed the show, please share the episode – every little helps. Email someone who you think this show is relevant to or use the share buttons at the top and bottom of this episode.
Subscribe and/or leave a review on iTunes (how-to guide here)–it really helps in growing the show! If you're new to podcasts, find out more about what they are and how to subscribe with this handy guide.
Have a great weekend!
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crystal Palace manager Roy Hodgson admits they are hoping that Yohan Cabaye will be able to shrug off a knock in time to face Watford tomorrow (Tuesday).
The Frenchman was substituted in the second half against AFC Bournemouth on Saturday, having taken a knock earlier on in the game.
And having only just returned from a minor knee injury, Hodgson is hoping that the former Newcastle United man will recover quickly once again.
“Yohan was struggling. They got a nasty knock and they are not one that we take off lightly, because they are a great player,” Hodgson said after the game on Saturday.
“We weren't looking to take them off, but we needed to [against Bournemouth], because they had taken a few knocks and they were limping a bit.
“But we have got a few days and we will see how they are.”
Meanwhile, Hodgson says they hope that Cabaye's compatriot Mamadou Sakho will also prove to be a quick healer, after the defender went off with a calf injury in the first half against Bournemouth.
They were replaced by Scott Dann, who went on to score a goal against the Cherries, and Hodgson says the former Liverpool man will be a big loss, for however long they are out for.
“They [calf problems] are graded from one to three and I don't know where it will be, but I am certain it is at least a grade one.
“But the one thing I am resigned to is that they won't be playing in the next couple of games - and they have been very good [for us]. But Scott Dann came in and did very well."
CLEVELAND– Pacers guard Glenn Robinson III could play Monday night as Indiana tries to even its playoff series with the Cavaliers.
Robinson, who has missed the past 12 games with a sprained left calf, took part in the team's shootaround ahead of Game 2. Robinson didn't dress for Saturday's series opener, which the Pacers lost 109-108 to the defending NBA champions.
Robinson hasn't played since March 22 after injuring themselves during a practice scrimmage.
Coach Nate McMillan isn't sure how much they can use the league's slam dunk champion, who returned to practice Sunday.
Robinson gives McMillan depth and another perimeter weapon to throw at the Cavaliers, whose defense has been suspect all season.
The 23-year-old Robinson averaged 6.1 points and 3.6 rebounds in 69 games.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo has signed into law new penalties for those who make bomb threats.
It was passed by the State Legislature earlier this year in response to a string of bomb threats called into Jewish Community Centers in New York and elsewhere in the country. Citing those bomb threats and recent violence in Charlottesville, VA, Cuomo said that "now, more than ever" it's vital for New Yorkers to stand united against "bias and hate."
Specifically, the new law changes criminal statute to ensure that suspects accused of making bomb threats against a community center can, at minimum, face a sentence of up to a year in jail. Cuomo said the new law will help authorities prosecute those who seek to "spread fear and terror."
ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) Dak Prescott smiled widely and playfully shoved Tony Romo after the 10-year starter the Dallas rookie replaced finished their only drive of the regular season with a touchdown pass.
Cowboys owner Jerry Jones has been bragging all season about the chemistry in a delicate situation between their quarterbacks – along with the closeness of the rest of the locker room – and is counting on those bonds when Dallas opens the playoffs at home Jan. 15.
”You see a camaraderie,” Jones said after the Cowboys lost to Philadelphia 27-13 despite the Romo TD while resting many regulars in the regular-season finale.
”You saw, just to start with, No. 9 and No. 4 and you saw really how genuine it is for them to be working together the way they are and really how exceptional that their situation is and how we're benefiting from it as a team.”
The Cowboys (13-3) don't anticipate using Romo in the playoffs. Prescott and fellow first-year sensation Ezekiel Elliott will be the focal point regardless of the opponent in the first divisional game at AT&T Stadium, which opened in 2009.
Prescott played just two series and Elliott not at all against the Eagles. Linebacker Sean Lee sat from start to finish even though getting a few snaps would have allowed them to say they played all 16 games for the first time in an injury-filled career.
Elliott had to settle for third place on the NFL's rookie rushing list behind Eric Dickerson (Los Angeles Rams, 1983) and George Rogers (New Orleans, 1981).
Prescott's short stint preserved the highest rookie passer rating in NFL history (104.9), but the loss left them tied with Pittsburgh's Ben Roethlisberger for most wins by a rookie at 13.
Not that any of those numbers matter now.
”Eyes are all on the playoff game,” Prescott said. ”We will wait to see who our opponent is. But in the meantime, we will get better this week, makes ourselves better in every way that we can. Then when we figure out who it is, continue to get better and ready for that opponent.”
The Cowboys thought they had good chemistry the last time they were in this position nine years ago, with Romo leading the way to the same record after a loss to finish the regular season when the top seed in the NFC, home-field advantage in the playoffs, was already wrapped up.
Romo was criticized for making a side trip to Cabo San Lucas , Mexico, with then-girlfriend Jessica Simpson before Dallas lost the first playoff game to the New York Giants.
The crushing loss prompted receiver Terrell Owens to say, tearfully, ”He's my quarterback,” on a day Jones still calls perhaps their worst in 27 years as owner.
A year later, Owens was dumped in the offseason in a move that Jones labeled ”Romo-friendly” after reports of a divided locker room following a 9-7 season that kept the Cowboys out of the playoffs.
Tight end Jason Witten was at the center of that controversy because of their close relationship with Romo. They just finished their 14th season, 17 yards from breaking Hall of Famer Michael's Irvin franchise record of 11,904 yards receiving.
”I think, specifically, this football team has a true identity in how it plays,” Witten said. ”You talk about family and togetherness and that is what this team is all about. The spirit of this group is really special. Now we have to recommit to that.”
Coach Jason Garrett was the offensive coordinator in 2007 and kept their job through 8-8 records in their first three full seasons after replacing Wade Phillips.
After guiding Dallas to the NFC East title at 12-4 two years ago, followed by 4-12 mostly without Romo last season, they have the Cowboys back on top with the third 13-3 finish in franchise history.
”It's not really a time for reflection,” Garrett said. ”This is a time to get our eyes forward and get back to work.”
—
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
—
Follow Schuyler Dixon on Twitter at https://twitter.com/apschuyler
Google has been busy sorting out loads of Android Oreo-style treats recently. There's the recent update to Android Oreo 8.1 for Pixel and Nexus devices, the launching of Android Oreo Go for lower-end devices, and now, Google has revealed which Android Wear smartwatches will be receiving an update to bring them onto Android 8.0 Oreo.
Which watches will get the update?
Going forward, while it's expected that all new Android Wear devices will have this update already installed, as of yet there has been no confirmation from Google of that.
As 9-to-5 Google has noted, older smartwatches like the original Huawei watch, the second-gen Moto 360, and the Asus Zenwatch 3 are all currently absent — as are devices with a Snapdragon 400. Most of the devices on the list are more recent watches from fashion brands, as well as the most recent additions to Android Wear from LG. Google has also refused to give users a timeframe for the update, and recommends that users contact manufacturers for dates.
Watches that will receive the update
Casio
Casio PRO TREK Smart WSD-F20
Casio WSD-F10 Smart Outdoor Watch
Diesel
Diesel Full Guard
Emporio
Emporio Armani Connected
Fossil
Fossil Q Control
Fossil Q Explorist
Fossil Q Founder 2.0
Fossil Q Marshal
Fossil Q Wander
Gc
Gc Connect
Guess
Guess Connect
Huawei
Huawei Watch 2
Hugo BOSS
Hugo BOSS BOSS Touch
LG
LG Watch Style
Michael Kors
Michael Kors Access Bradshaw
Michael Kors Access Dylan
Michael Kors Access Grayson
Misfit
Misfit Vapor
Mobvoi
Mobvoi Ticwatch S & E
Movado
Movado Connect
Nixon
Nixon Mission
Polar
Polar M600
TAG Heuer
TAG Heuer Tag Connected Modular 45
Tommy Hilfiger
Tommy Hilfiger 24/7 You
ZTE
ZTE Quartz
Andy Boxall/Digital Trends
Watches that have already received the update
Fossil
Fossil Q Venture
LG
LG Watch Sport
The LG Watch Sport was part of the beta program for Android Wear Oreo, and was one of the first devices to receive the update.
Louis Vuitton
Louis Vuitton Tambour
Michael Kors
Michael Kors Sofie
Montblanc
Montblanc Summit
What's new in this update?
The Android Wear Oreo update isn't huge — it's certainly nowhere near the level that you'll see on a mobile Android 8.0 Oreo update. Instead, this update adds a few quality-of-life updates, including the ability to set vibration strength, set a lock on tap-to-wake while out in wet weather conditions, support for more countries and languages, and a handful of changes that should improve battery life.
Instead, what you're seeing with this update is more likely to be a pledge for continued support for your device. Android Wear 2.0 was always based on Android 7.0 Nougat, and while the change over to Oreo isn't anywhere near as big a change as we saw between 1.5 and 2.0, it does make it more likely that the supported devices will continue to be supported in at least the next few updates.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 17-5-1 17-8-2 9-3-1 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 16-6-4 13-5-4 10-1-2 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 18-7-1 11-8-4 8-4-3 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 13-8-2 15-10-3 6-4-1 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 18-7-1 10-14-2 10-4-0 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 13-8-3 12-8-5 5-6-1 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 16-8-1 11-11-3 8-5-2 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 13-9-4 11-8-4 5-2-4 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 17-8-3 8-12-2 7-6-3 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 13-8-3 12-13-2 7-7-1 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 11-7-4 12-12-4 6-5-3 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 11-8-3 9-14-3 6-4-1 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 10-10-7 9-11-1 6-9-2 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 12-10-5 8-14-1 9-6-2 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 9-11-5 6-13-4 5-8-3 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 6-13-3 8-14-6 3-5-2 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Vegas 48 32 12 4 68 164 128 19-3-2 13-9-2 11-1-1 Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 18-3-1 12-10-7 7-5-2 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 16-5-3 13-7-4 10-4-2 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 18-10-0 13-8-3 7-4-1 Dallas 50 28 18 4 60 155 134 17-7-1 11-11-3 7-10-0 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 14-7-3 12-9-4 12-2-3 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 17-4-4 10-14-1 8-8-0 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 14-9-3 11-8-6 8-5-5 Calgary 49 25 16 8 58 137 135 12-11-3 13-5-5 8-5-3 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 18-7-1 9-11-2 7-6-1 Los Angeles 49 26 18 5 57 139 121 12-9-3 14-9-2 6-9-3 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 12-10-3 12-9-4 6-7-2 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 11-13-1 11-11-2 10-2-0 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 8-13-3 11-11-3 5-9-1 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172 6-15-3 6-14-6 1-7-5
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3, Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3, Montreal 1
Chicago 2, Nashville 1
Los Angeles at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Vegas at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
(AP Photo/Manu Fernandez). Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo on the bench prior to the Spanish Supercup, first leg, soccer match between FC Barcelona and Real Madrid at the Camp Nou stadium in Barcelona, Spain, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017.
(AP Photo/Manu Fernandez). Referee Ricardo de Burgos, right, shows a red card to Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo during the Spanish Supercup, first leg, soccer match between FC Barcelona and Real Madrid at the Camp Nou stadium in Barcelona, Spain, Sund...
(AP Photo/Manu Fernandez). Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo gestures prior the Spanish Supercup, first leg, soccer match between FC Barcelona and Real Madrid at the Camp Nou stadium in Barcelona, Spain, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017.
(AP Photo/Manu Fernandez). Referee Ricardo de Burgos, right, shows a red card to Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo during the Spanish Supercup, first leg, soccer match between FC Barcelona and Real Madrid at the Camp Nou stadium in Barcelona, Spain, Sund...
(AP Photo/Manu Fernandez). Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo, right, reacts after Referee Ricardo de Burgos shows a yellow card during the Spanish Supercup, first leg, soccer match between FC Barcelona and Real Madrid at the Camp Nou stadium in Barcelona...
By JOSEPH WILSONAssociated Press
BARCELONA, Spain (AP) - Cristiano Ronaldo lost their cool, and now Real Madrid has lost its main man for five matches at the start of the Spanish season.
Ronaldo was banned for five games on Monday after shoving a referee who sent them off for diving in Madrid's 3-1 win over Barcelona in the Spanish Super Cup.
Ronaldo was suspended for one game for the red card in Sunday's Super Cup first leg at Barcelona, and four games for pushing referee Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea in the back, the Spanish football federation said.
Ronaldo will miss Wednesday's return leg of the Super Cup in Madrid plus the first four matches of Real Madrid's league title defense. Zinedine Zidane's Madrid opens the league on Sunday at Deportivo La Coruna. Its next three matches after that are against Valencia, promoted Levante, and at Real Sociedad.
Ronaldo and Madrid have 10 days to appeal the federation's ruling.
Still regaining peak fitness after an extended summer vacation, Ronaldo began the Super Cup match on the bench, and came on in the 58th minute.
They scored with a long-range strike to put Madrid 2-1 up in the 80th minute, moments after Lionel Messi had equalized for Barcelona from the penalty spot.
But Ronaldo's goal celebration - when they took their shirt off and flexed their muscles - earned them a yellow card.
Two minutes later, they charged into the area and collided with Barcelona defender Samuel Umtiti. Ronaldo went down hoping for a penalty. Instead, referee De Burgos showed them a second yellow for diving and sent them off.
Ronaldo raised their arms in disbelief, then stepped up to De Burgos and shoved them in the back with their right hand.
The federation ruling said that Ronaldo's shove violated article 96 of its disciplinary code, which states that "light aggressions" defined as "pulling, pushing and shaking" of a referee are punished by suspensions of between 4-12 matches.
The federation also fined Ronaldo 3,005 euros ($3,500) and Madrid 1,400 euros ($1,650) for the shove, and another 600 euros ($705) for the player and 350 euros ($412) for the club for simulating a foul.
Last season, Las Palmas forward Marko Livaja was given an additional four-match suspension for pushing a referee after they were shown a red card.
In the 2014 Spanish Super Cup, Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone was handed an eight-match suspension after they tapped the back of a linesman's head. Simeone was suspended for four games for the tapping, two games for protesting, one game for ironically applauding the referee, and one game for remaining in the stands instead of leaving the stadium after their sending-off.
Simeone served four matches of their league suspension and the other four are pending Atletico's future Spanish Super Cup matches.
After guiding Madrid to the Champions League and Spanish league titles last season, the suspension comes during a difficult summer for Ronaldo.
In June, a state prosecutor accused Ronaldo of defrauding Spain's tax office of 14.7 million euros ($16.5 million). The 32-year-old star had to deny the accusations in person to an investigative judge last month.
Now they must trust their teammates to make a good start to Madrid's defense without him. Given Marco Asensio's great goal from distance to cap Sunday's win over Barcelona, the 21-year-old forward could take Ronaldo's place in the starting lineup.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Transcript for Woman climbs the Statue of Liberty; island being evacuated
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
LAWRENCE, Kan. (AP) - Kansas first-year student Josh Jackson has announced they will enter the NBA draft.
Jackson, who released a statement on Monday, was the Big 12 Newcomer of the Year after averaging 16.3 points and 7.4 rebounds per game. They helped the Jayhawks to a 31-5 record and a berth in the NCAA Tournament's Elite Eight.
The 6-foot-8 Jackson has signed with former NBA player B.J. Armstrong of Wasserman Media Group.
Jackson arrived at Kansas after a stellar prep career in Detroit and Napa, California. They say in the statement that after "consulting with my family, I have decided to enter the 2017 NBA Draft and pursue my dream of playing professional basketball."
They added that they were thankful for "all of the support I have received from my coaches and teammates at Kansas."
___
More AP college basketball: www.collegebasketball.ap.org
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The lone American confirmed to have been injured in a New Year's terror attack on an Istanbul nightclub was saved by their cell phone, their brother told local media Monday.
William Jacob Raak, 35, of Chadds Ford, Pa., was one of an estimated 600 people partying inside the Reina nightclub early on New Year's Day when a gunman entered and opened fire at around 1:15 a.m. The attack, which was claimed by ISIS, killed at least 39 people, many of them foreigners, and injured close to 70 others.
Raak, who was at the club with a friend from Dubai, was shot in the hip. Their brother, Michael Raak, told NBC10 that the bullet “hit their phone” before traveling to Jacob Raak's knee.
Doctors told Raak that the cell phone prevented the bullet from hitting a major artery, likely saving the American's life.
In an interview with NBC News, Raak said they laid on the floor of the nightclub and played dead as the gunman moved through the bloody scene. They described themselves as “probably the luckiest person in the whole thing.”
“When they shot me I didn't move — I just let them shoot me,” they said. “I was shot when I was already on the ground. They were shooting people that they had already shot.”
Camera crews captured Raak being loaded onto an ambulance.
“I was shot in the f—ing leg, man,” they yelled to reporters. “These crazy people came in shooting everything.”
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by “taking advantage of the chaos” that ensued. Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus strait to escape the attack.
Family members told WPVI that Raak was being treated at a hospital in Turkey, but was expected to be discharged soon to return to Philadelphia.
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey, which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against ISIS in Syria and Iraq.
The country endured multiple bombings in 2016, including three in Istanbul alone that authorities blamed on ISIS, a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A gang leader who has earned a reputation as one of Louisville's most infamous criminals was found guilty of killing two men more than a decade ago.
Lloyd Hammond was convicted of wanton murder in the death of William Sawyers, and facilitation to commit murder in the death of Tarrell Cherry.
>> MUGSHOTS: February 2018 Roundup
Both men were shot and killed in 2006.
This is Hammond's third trial in this case. A trial in 2009 ended before it began.
Sawyers' girlfriend, Troya Sheckles, was set to testify as a witness but they were gunned down by Dejuan Hammond -- Lloyd's brother.
RELATED STORIES
+ Lloyd Hammond pleads guilty in 1 of 3 murders
+ Dejuan Hammond sentenced to 35 years for murder of trial witness
+ Prosecutor reacts to alleged murderer's jail house interview
Later, a 2010 conviction was overturned.
Hammond is now set to be sentenced on Monday.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
I'm not sure how many times we need to go through this. The trifecta parable of confusing privacy settings, postpublication safety considerations and the requirement of major headlines for companies to give a shit. It's as if the makers of Strava and its ilk are living in a completely different internet.
Let's be clear: Fitness apps have a massive privacy problem. MapMyRun, Nike + RunClub and Strava (to name a few) all come with scary default privacy settings that are combined with mapping tools. These apps are a dream come true for stalkers, terrorists and spies.
And yet, nearly 10 years after Please Rob Me made a devastating mockery of Silicon Valley's reckless location-sharing mania — by using publicly available social-media information to show when people's homes are vacant — Strava just burps and says, "Hold my beer."
Strava's global heat maps have been around for awhile but got a big update in November 2017 boasting "1 billion activities" and "3 trillion latitude/longitude points" mined from "10 terabytes of raw input data" from its users. (Spoiler alert: unsuspecting user plot twist ahead. We'll probably never know how much of this inadvertent sharing came from Strava's carelessly confusing privacy settings.)
Yet it was the observations of one national-security-policy nerd on Twitter over the past weekend that got all the infosec chickens clucking. "Strava released their global heatmap," tweeted Nathan Ruser. "13 trillion GPS points from their users (turning off data sharing is an option) ... It looks very pretty, but not amazing for Op-Sec. US Bases are clearly identifiable and mappable."
And Strava's location data patty-cake playtime with the data of its "global community of millions of runners, cyclists and triathletes" who use Fitbits and phones is amazing. For spies and bad guys, that is.
With the data, press reported that it's possible to "establish the names and hometowns of individuals who have signed up for a social sharing network where runners post their routes and speeds. One popular route on a base in Iraq has been nicknamed "Base Perimeter" by the U.S. runners who regularly use it. Another outside-the-big-U.S. base in Kandahar, Afghanistan, is called "Sniper Alley."
Strava heatmap of an area in Kandahar, Afghanistan which includes an airfield.
If only someone in the San Francisco startup's offices had foreseen this. Except they sort of did. People had for months been trying to tell Strava that its privacy protocols were dangerous and that its maps were just a little problematic.
These issues with Strava had been well-established by at least July of last year when a female runner and journalist exposed the company's very real privacy problems in an article for Quartz. I think the article was overlooked and largely ignored because the app's fairly dangerous privacy mess was described as a "feminist issue." As in, it got shuffled off as a women's problem.
Strava's response to the July 2017 article — calling out its reckless privacy practices as a threat to women — was to publish a blog post two days later essentially blaming users for not doing its privacy settings correctly.
It's hardly a coincidence that the people most at risk of violence from apps that exploit user privacy and location data are the ones most routinely ignored when they raise the alarm.
Anyway, when increasingly larger news outlets began to report about Strava's exciting new feature, self-guided online tours of military facilities in war zones, Strava attempted to reuse its old blog post from last year as a statement.
When no one would go away, Strava issued a new statement saying that it takes the safety of its users seriously. The company will now focus on privacy awareness to address security issues.
That's great. This is fine. Well, not really. Nathaniel Raymond, director of the Signal Program on Human Security and Technology at the Harvard School of Public Health, told press that the public availability of the data represents "a potential catastrophe."
Strava heatmap of the area surrounding The Pentagon in Washington DC.
The US military kind of agrees. A lot. Reuters reported by midweek that US Defense Secretary Jim Mattis ordered a review of the situation and will be changing its guidelines for the use of all wireless devices on military facilities. As is tradition, no one's confirming or denying anything. "Pentagon spokesperson Colonel Robert Manning told reporters at a news briefing they did not know of any instances in which U.S. base security had been compromised as a result of the mapping," the outlet reported.
Many would expect Strava's heatmaps to have been taken down for review, pending user privacy clarifications (making sure people understand what they're sharing), meetings with military and hopefully also domestic-violence shelters and also women in general. But if this is you expecting this, you would be wrong.
The maps are still live as a wire, and people are poring over them like porn from an alien planet. "People wearing Strava-enabled fitness trackers appear to have been poking around a Thames shipwreck containing nearly 1,500 tonnes of explosives from the Second World War," The Register reported in this great post on interpreting the heatmaps, cautioning us on how to avoid jumping to conclusions as more people tear into the data looking for new things to make headlines out of in the coming weeks.
We can only hope that some good comes out of the Strava heatmap debacle. I don't mean the kind where Strava seizes the opportunity to radically change the way user privacy is taught to ordinary people, to take the lead in creating sustainable data sharing practices for at-risk populations, or any such impossible nonsense. I mean the more realistic kind, where people find Disneyland's secret entrances.
In a high stakes and multi-million dollar gambit, a son of Robert F. Kennedy taking is on the heir to the Hyatt hotel fortune, and an incumbent governor is pouring millions of their own money into their effort to hold on to the top job in a blue state.
With over $160 million spent by both parties, the bitter and expensive Democratic and Republican primaries to move on to the general election in November have tested the boundaries of money and name recognition in the lead up to the 2018 midterm elections.
Alex Wong/Getty Images
Incumbent Gov. Bruce Rauner has taken heat from both the left and right during their tenure, and despite pouring over $50 million of their own money into their re-election bid is facing an energetic primary challenge from conservative State Rep. Jeanne Ives.
Rauner has been hindered by a budget crisis during their first term, and last week vetoed a bill passed by the Democratic-controlled state legislature that would have required all gun dealers in the state to obtain a license, a move critics say was a way to sure up support with their Republican base ahead of Tuesday.
Rich Hein/Sun Times via AP
On the Democratic side, frontrunner J.B. Pritzker, whose family owns the Hyatt hotel chain, has dominated the fundraising race, and loaned their campaign an additional $6.3 million last week, bringing their total investment in the race thus far close to $70 million, according to campaign finance records.
If the current rate of spending holds, Illinois could break the current record for the most expensive gubernatorial race in American history, a title currently held by California's 2010 gubernatorial election, which saw roughly $280 million spent.
"It's entirely possible that that could happen here, it just depends on who wins tomorrow, who the candidates are, and how much they're willing to put in," Sarah Brune, the executive director of the Illinois Campaign for Political Reform, a non-partisan group that tracks political spending in the state, told ABC News.
"All in sum, all of the candidates for governor have raised about $160 million so far," Brune said, an impressive total considering the general election campaign is not even underway.
Pritzker, whose competition for the Democratic nomination includes Christopher Kennedy, a son of Robert F. Kennedy, and State Sen. Daniel Biss, has been dogged by their connection to former Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich, who was convicted and sentenced to 14 years in federal prison for violating corruption laws.
In an attempt to tie Pritzker to Blagojevich and weaken their political standing ahead of November, Rauner has run ads featuring a recording of the two men discussing who would fill the U.S. Senate seat once held by former President Barack Obama. Pritzker has denied any wrongdoing but last month called the calls “regrettable” when asked a news conference.
Scott Olson/Getty Images
National Democrats have already sensed Rauner's vulnerability, and see the competitive primary they are locked in as an indication that their seat is theirs for the taking.
“This is one of the best pickup opportunities for Democrats in the country. Voters are looking for change, and the Democratic nominee is going to deliver change from the disastrous Rauner years,” Jared Leopold, the Communications Director for the Democratic Governors Association (DGA) told ABC News.
Last week the DGA rolled out two television ads, one focusing on Rauner's record on jobs and the budget and the other painting Ives as “too conservative” for Illinois in what is being interpreted nationally as an attempt to boost Ives and energize the state's more conservative voters against Rauner.
Republicans are confident that the rumors of Rauner's political demise are overblown, and say the Democratic strategy of "meddling" in the Republican primary shows their lack of confidence in Pritzker as a winning candidate.
"Governor Rauner is in strong shape, they should win easily tomorrow night," Jon Thompson, the Communications Director for the Republican Governors Association (RGA) said, "Now the Democrats are now waking up to the notion that J.B. Pritzker is unelectable in a general election."
Thompson said the DGA's attempts to boost Ives and hurt Rauner show that "they don't have faith in their own candidate."
Married sex is hot sex — if you happen to be married to Ice-T. The 59-year-old star recently revealed that they and Coco Austin, their wife of 15 years, have “jungle sex.” Yes, that's a thing, apparently — though if you haven't heard of it, you're not alone. Fortunately, the Law & Order: Special Victims Unit actor broke it down to enlighten the rest of us. In short, it means that you “accommodate” one another's “kinks” in order to take things to “another level.” Also, in case you forgot, their wife looks like this:
For them, the night often begins with dinner and then a club. “She gets a little buzzed and I watch their dance and I get a little horny,” they explained to Q magazine. “Then we get in the car and we get more horny and we come home and we have jungle sex.” They added, “There's regular sex and then there's jungle sex. You can be with your wife and just roll over on it. That's just sex sex. Jungle sex is when you know what it is that gets you turned on and you build up to it.”
Their 38-year-old wife has never been shy about their sexuality — even after giving birth to their daughter, Chanel. They still regularly posts revealing pics that flaunt their assets (which their husband no doubt appreciates).
The father of three explained, “You're taking foreplay a step further. Your girl might want you to put on some motherf***ing oil and figure skates for them ‘What the f***?' Just put it on and I will f*** the s*** out of you.” And that, dear friends, is jungle sex. Does this mean that Ice-T regularly dons figure skates while slathered in body oil? Do they actually have to pretend they are ice skating?
Many of these questions will go unanswered, but at least we all know that Ice-T and Coco are not suffering any lack of passion between the sheets. Whew.
Read more from Yahoo Celebrity:
HOUSTON - Matthew Macias struggles mightily to do the job they say they were born to do, the job they love.
Macias is an auto mechanic, but they have no tools.
“If you are an auto mechanic and you don't have tools, you don't have a job because you literally can't do anything,” Macias said.
Macias is a devoted husband and father of four young children. As horrific and unbelievable as it sounds, on the same night that Hurricane Harvey slammed into their north Houston home, thieves broke into their truck and stole all of theirs tools.
“We got rain coming down on us. We got water coming up. The water was coming up high. When we went to leave, I go to my wife, ‘Hey, why did you roll the windows down?' and then I realized my windows are broken out and multiple tools at that time were stolen,” they said.
That's right, in the middle of fleeing the hurricane, Macias and their wife realized they had been ripped off.
“I just want to continue trying to earn money for my family, so we can survive and try to rebuild all that we have lost,” Macias said.
That's when their wife, Skye Benegas, called Spencer Solves It.
With that, we set out to replace close to $5,000 worth of professional grade power tools and accessories -- sockets, ratchets, impact wrenches, lighting and more.
We begin by taking Macias to Home Depot, where we presented them with several items, including a $400 Husky toolbox loaded with over 200 sockets, a heavy-duty car jack and several other pieces that they need to work on foreign cars, which are their specialty.
All the items were donated by Home Depot and made a beautiful gift for Macias -- a gift that will allow them to go on working in the field they love.
“After losing so, so much, you know, nobody's ever given me anything like this, done anything like this for me,” Macias said.
But we were not done yet.
Our next stop was KPRC's station, where we set up a meeting for Macias with Carlos Lopez, from Milwaukee Tool.
Milwaukee Tool gave Macias more than $3,000 worth of top-of-the-line cordless power tools and other professional gear.
“After what this man has been through, in this situation, in particular, we definitely wanted to help Matthew out and we feel blessed and honored that you reached out to us, Bill,” Lopez said.
Now, Macias can go back to work full time and have all the right tools to do their job to the best of their ability.
“I can't even express in words how grateful we are. It's beyond a blessing what you have done,” Benegas said.
“This is just unbelievable. Thank you, Bill, for all of your hard work pulling this all together for us. We really appreciate it,” Macias said.
If you need help with a problem you can't possibly solve by yourself, contact Spencer Solves It at 713-223-TIPS (8477) or email us at solvesit@click2houston.com.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Governor Ambode has been unstoppable in the face of recession – APC
The Progressives Congress (APC) has said that in spite of the economic recession rocking the nation, Governor Akinwummi Ambode of Lagos state could not be deterred in the efforts to establish the state as a city that could be ranked among the best in the world. The Party, in a congratulatory letter to the […]
Governor Ambode has been unstoppable in the face of recession – APC
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BALTIMORE — In a game that matched Max Scherzer against Baltimore's anemic offence, the result played out exactly as expected.
Scherzer pitched eight innings of two-hit ball to earn their eighth consecutive victory, and the Washington Nationals beat their neighbouring rivals 2-0 Wednesday night to complete a three-game sweep.
Bryce Harper hit their 18th home run for the Nationals, whose 10-game road winning streak is their longest run since the team moved from Montreal in 2005.
Scherzer (9-1) struck out 12, walked one and retired 24 of 27 batters. It was the eighth time this season they reached double figures in strikeouts and the 72nd time in their career.
“He had a really good fastball tonight. I should say a great fastball,” manager Dave Martinez said. “Man, it was 96, 97 (mph), it was over the plate. And their slider was really, really sharp.”
The only runner to reach against Scherzer in the first six innings was Chris Davis, who singled in the second. After Manny Machado doubled in the seventh and Mark Trumbo drew a walk, Scherzer fired a third strike past Davis to end the threat.
They completed their standout performance with a perfect eighth.
“When I can throw all my pitches for strikes, that's when I can work ahead in the count,” Scherzer said. “I had rhythm and the ability to work both sides of the plate.”
They were way too good for a Baltimore team that ranks 13th in the 15-team AL in batting average and runs. This was the 13th time in their past 15 games that the Orioles failed to score more than three runs.
“We've just got to figure out a way for our offence to get some type of consistency because it's been a challenge for us,” manager Buck Showalter said.
Sean Doolittle gave up two singles in the ninth, but notched their 13th save.
With no outs and two on, Craig Gentry inexplicably tried to steal third and was tagged out in a rundown.
“That doesn't look good because of the results and the chance we had there,” Showalter said. “But we still had two more outs after that.”
Machado followed with a routine fly ball and the game ended when Jonathan Schoop popped out into a swirling mist.
Harper moved into a tie with Mike Trout for the major league lead in homers when they connected on a 3-2 pitch from rookie David Hess in the third inning for a 1-0 lead.
Making their fourth major league start, Hess (2-2) proved to be a worthy opponent to the 33-year-old Scherzer. The young right-hander gave up one run and four hits over six innings.
Hess was replaced by Miguel Castro, who yielded an RBI single to 19-year-old Juan Soto in the seventh.
Baltimore has lost five straight.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Nationals: OF Adam Eaton (ankle) ran Wednesday and should be ready for a rehab assignment this weekend, Martinez said. … OF Brian Goodwin (wrist) will play another rehab game or two at Double-A Harrisburg, Martinez said. … Ryan Zimmerman (oblique) will run the bases over the next few days before the Nationals determine if he's ready to go on a rehab assignment.
Orioles: Closer Zach Britton (Achilles tendon) launched their rehabilitation assignment by pitching the fifth inning for Class A Frederick against Wilmington, their first game action since Sept. 18. The lefty allowed an infield single and struck out the side.
BABY BREAK
Orioles infielder Danny Valencia was placed on paternity leave after their wife gave birth to a boy, Oliver, early Wednesday. Reliever Donnie Hart was recalled from Triple-A Norfolk.
VEGAS PROUD
Harper has spent their entire big-league career with Washington, but the Las Vegas native makes no apologies for rooting for the Golden Knights against the Capitals in the Stanley Cup Final. While Martinez conducted their pre-game news conference in a Capitals hat and jersey, Harper's Golden Knights hat and jersey were in plain sight at their locker. “Hopefully, I'll get to go Game 4 in D.C.,” Harper said.
UP NEXT
Nationals: In a duel in Atlanta for first place in the NL East, Tanner Roark (2-4, 3.17 ERA) seeks their eighth career win against the Braves' Sean Newcomb (5-1, 2.75 ERA) on Thursday night.
Orioles: Andrew Cashner (2-6, 5.07) faces the Yankees' Sonny Gray (3-4, 5.98) on Thursday night in the opener of a four-game series between AL East foes.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Over the past several months,Williams Companies (NYSE: WMB) has unveiled several strategic initiatives to firm up its financial foundation. The company put a cap on that strategic transformation this week when its MLP,Williams Partners (NYSE: WPZ), announced a deal to sell its interest in a petrochemical plant for $2.1 billion. It's an agreement that significantly strengthens the financial profile of both companies, which gives investors further confidence in the sustainability of Williams' dividend and the viability of its growth plan.
Continue Reading Below
Details on the deal
Last September, Williams Partners announced that it had initiated a process to explore the monetization of its 88.5% interest in the Geismar olefins plant in Louisiana. At the time, the company said it was open to both a sale of its stake in the facility or a long-term fee-for-service agreement. Either outcome would enable the company to reduce its exposure to commodity prices so it could focus on generating consistent cash flow from fee-based assets to support its distribution and Williams' dividend.
Image source: Getty Images.
In the end, the company chose to accept an offer from NOVA Chemicals, which agreed to buy its stake in the facility for $2.1 billion. Further, NOVA signed a long-term fee-for-service agreement with Williams Partners, which will supply feedstock to the plant via its Bayou Ethane Pipeline. As such, the deal gives the company upfront cash and a steady cash flow stream.
How this will affect Williams' dividend
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Williams Partners intends to use the cash infusion to pay off its $850 million term loan, with the balance going toward pre-funding future capital investments. That will enable the company to strengthen its credit profile and likely push its leverage ratio below 4.5 times debt to EBITDA, providing further support to its investment-grade credit rating. Meanwhile, with $2.1 billion to $2.8 billion in growth capital projects already lined up this year, Williams Partners shouldn't have any problem replacing the lost cash flow from Geismar since it can reinvest the money into its high-return projects that will deliver steadier cash flow. As a result, this transaction, when combined with a previous financial repositioning transaction with Williams Companies, further reduces Williams Partners' need for outside capital to finance future growth.
The other thing this deal does is increase Williams Partners percentage of gross margin from fee-based sources from 93% to 97%, which is among the highest in the energy midstream industry. That gives the company clear visibility on future cash flow, providing further support for the dividend.
That combination of a strengthening financial foundation as well as enhanced cash flow visibility further supports the growth targets Williams announced earlier this year. These objectives were that Williams Partners would increase its distribution by 5% to 7% per year over the next several years, while maintaining at least a 1.1 times coverage ratio, which would enable Williams Companies to increase its dividend by 10% to 15% annually while also maintaining at least 1.1 times coverage. Both represent healthy income growth for investors.
Investor takeaway
This deal is great news for income investors. That's because it not only strengthens Williams' ability to maintain its high yield by further securing cash flow, but it gives the company's MLP the low-cost capital it needs to complete expansion projects. That increases the likelihood that the companies will meet growth expectations, potentially positioning them to deliver dividend growth toward the high end of the guidance range.
10 stocks we like better than Williams Companies
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…and Williams Companies wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017.
Matt DiLallo has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Three killed as building collapses in Anambra
The victims were asleep when the structure collapsed.
The post Three killed as building collapses in Anambra appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
State law requires 85 percent of Wyoming students to read at or above “proficient” by the time they are in third grade – that's the ability to comprehend and analyze a text.
The way educators determine if they are making progress and meeting students' needs is by giving annual assessments and looking an individual student data. And beginning this year, the tests given to students in kindergarten through tenth grade will be part of one integrated system, replacing the three different assessments used previously.
Nick Whynott, State Department of Education early learning supervisor, said the new system is called WY-TOPP. They said this change is exciting because it means districts have access to more consistent data that more accurately reflects progress over time.
“The thing we are most excited for from the state is it is all going to be the WY-TOPP, so you are not going to be comparing apples to oranges and having to do crosswalks to see how different assessments align to each other,” Whynott said. “It's going to be essentially speaking the same language from kindergarten to tenth grade.”
Initially WY-TOPP was not going to include kindergarten, but Whynott said, “We saw this opportunity to include kindergarten and we went for it.”
For those who are hesitant about the idea of giving such young kids standardized tests, Whynott said, schools use what they learn to directly support students.
EastEnders is to break with tradition this week with the funeral of knife crime victim Shakil Kazemi set to include true-life accounts from real families who have lost loved ones in knife attacks.
Advertisement
Discussing the soap's first foray into breaking the ‘fourth wall', Davood Ghadami, aka Shakil's brother Kush, described the unusual move as: “A step into the unknown. There was a sense of excitement, we didn't know how it was going to be approached. There are formulas you follow as an actor which you're used to, but with this we weren't sure what to expect.”
Bonnie Langford, who plays grieving mother Carmel, agreed with their on-screen offspring. “As Davood says it was a jump into the unknown. When they told me I found it intriguing and exciting, but it was a strange dividing line and I wondered how we would separate art from real life.
“Soaps try and follow reality as much as possible, and as actors we're not trying to pretend that we're preaching in any way. But to put in these special true-life contributors adds gravitas – we're not sensationalising something that is so difficult. Let this speak for itself. There is nothing more truthful, honest and heartbreaking. And it's done with integrity and authenticity.”
Throughout the episode, showing on Friday 6 July, the audience will hear real stories of people affected by the soaring statistics of knife crime, which EastEnders has been tackling through Shakil's murder in hard-hitting scenes shown in May.
“We had a full day working with the special contributors,” continued Ghadmi. “Initially it felt like you didn't know what to say to them, but as the day went on you realised these are people who wanted to make this storyline as effective and truthful as possible. Everyone was hugging by the end. We all had a common goal, they were so open with talking about their loved ones.”
“The more I heard, the more important this seemed,” agreed Langford. “I felt a responsibility but so in touch and connected. It was a bizarre, tragic coming together and I felt very honoured to be part of it.”
Advertisement
Visit our dedicated EastEnders pagefor all the latest news, interviews and spoilers.
Aww… This #CarryYourWifeOnYourHead2017 Trend is too Cute!
On the second day of 2017, married men on Twitter NG decided to trend the hashtag #CarryYourWifeOnYourHead2017. They shared beautiful photos of their wives with short notes of praise. See them below: The comedians, advisers, and single fellows also came to play.
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
New York Yankees outfielder Brett Gardner told Newsday that they were fined "thousands of dollars" in June for violating Major League Baseball's pace-of-play rules and he's not happy about it.
The New York Post reported the total Gardner was fined was approximately $3,500.
Gardner told reporters that "nothing I say about that is going to do me any good," but they made it clear to Newsday that they aren't happy about being singled out for taking too long, in MLB's opinion, to get into the batter's box.
"My agent started taking care of it," Gardner said. "I told them don't talk to me about it. I've got more things to worry about than taking three seconds too long to get to the box. Somebody else can (throw pickoff throws to first base) 27 times in a game and waste 15 minutes of everybody's time, and I get fined thousands of dollars taking three seconds too long to get in the box."
Gardner isn't the first player to be fined for violating MLB's pace-of-play policy. Although MLB doesn't publicly disclose fines, Baltimore Orioles outfielder Adam Jones estimated in an interview with MLB Network Radio on SiriusXM last December that they were fined $50,000 last season for violating the rules.
Three people are behind bars after a shooting in McCracken County, Kentucky on Wednesday, Oct. 4.
Deputies responded to a home on Misty Lane just after midnight after a 911 call from the home. The caller said that the homeowner had been shot and the shooter ran away.
Deputy Trent Hardin gave first aid to the victim, 36-year-old Justin Stamper. Investigators said they were shot in the upper chest area.
Officers on scene collected multiple items of evidence which led them to possible suspects.
Deputies went to a mobile home community on Vasseur Avenue in Paducah where they found one suspect, Jonthan Stevens, 33. Stevens was interviewed and reportedly admitted to their involvement in the shooting.
According to Captain Matt Carter with the McCracken County Sheriff's Department, deputies found a pistol and ammunition in Stevens' truck.
With the help of Kentucky State Police Intelligence, detectives were able to identify the other two suspects.
Josh Spoonamore, of Paducah, Kentucky, was initially arrested on unrelated warrants. They reportedly admitted to their involvement during an interview with police.
After being interviewed by detectives, Spoonamore, 26, admitted to their involvement in the shooting.
The third suspect, 20-year-old Caitlin Croft of Benton, Kentucky, was arrested the next day.
Stevens, Spoonamore and Croft were all charged with complicity to assault and are lodged in the McCracken County Regional Jail.
According to the release, Stamper is in stable condition.
The investigation is ongoing and more charges are possible.
The McCracken County Sheriff's Department was assisted by the Marshall County Sheriff's Office and Kentucky State police intelligence.
Download the KFVS News app: iPhone | Android
Copyright 2017 KFVS. All rights reserved.
"We don't think about the past. I think that's key," Valeri said. "Think about the next game and prepare well and perform for 90 minutes and improving on things that will make us better."
MATCH OF THE WEEK: The Columbus Crew face Toronto FC in a rematch of last season's Eastern Conference championship. The Reds advanced to the MLS Cup final with a 1-0 victory on aggregate.
This season, the Crew haven't been scored on in a club-record 495 minutes, capped by last Sunday's 0-0 draw with Sporting Kansas City. It was the fifth straight shutout for Crew goalkeeper Zach Steffen.
Meanwhile, the league's reigning champions are struggling with a 3-7-1 record this season, and they're coming off a 1-0 loss to FC Dallas. But they've also been dealing with an unusual number of injuries.
"There are a lot of games left, we have a great team, a team that can win on many days but the reality is we are letting games slip away from us too consistently," Reds captain Michael Bradley said. "We have to respond in a big way now in this next stretch."
This is the second meeting between the two teams this season. The Crew won the first one 2-0 in Toronto.
PLAYER OF THE WEEK: Vancouver's Cristian Techera has been named the league's Player of the Week after scoring a hat trick in the Whitecaps' 3-3 draw with the New England Revolution last weekend.
It was the Uruguayan midfielder's first three-goal game in MLS.
US SOCCER BECKONS: Philadelphia Union sporting director Earnie Stewart will assume the new role of general manager for the U.S. men's national team, according to various reports.
One of their first duties will be to hire a new coach. Dave Sarachan has been interim coach since Bruce Arena stepped down following the Americans' failure to qualify for the World Cup in Russia.
Stewart, who was born in the Netherlands, has been with the Union for the past three seasons after serving as an executive for a pair of Dutch clubs.
A former midfielder, they made 101 appearances for the U.S. team. They also played for D.C. United as well as several Dutch teams.
By Anne M. Peterson, The Associated Press
By Lionel Saungweme
BULAWAYO – In a decision that is set to confuse Zimbabwe's voting public, High Court Judge Francis Bere has dismissed the urgent application in which the Movement for Democratic Change (MDC-T) sought to interdict Dr Thokozani Khupe, Obert Gutu and Abednigo Bhebhe from using the name, logo and symbol of the party.
The need to interdict Dr Khupe and two others, according to the MDC-T, led by Advocate Nelson Chamisa, became urgent when the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission (ZEC) wrote to say that they will not take sides in the MDC-T leadership dispute. ZEC also put it formally that Dr Khupe had “registered as MDC-T” ahead of the forthcoming elections.
In dismissing the case, cited as Movement for Democratic Change v Thokozani Khupe, Obert Gutu and Abednigo Bhebhe HC1051/18, Justice Bere declared that “there is absolutely no urgency in the matter” and that “the application will not go beyond the preliminary points.”
They also mentioned that after the death of “founding MDC President Morgan Tsvangirai on 14 February 2018, a “conflict for leadership within the party arose as a leadership vacuum ensued.” This conflict “manifested itself in two factions one led by Advocate Nelson Chamisa and the other by Thokozani Khupe.”
Justice Bere mentioned that there was need for the MDC-T to solve this problem through independent arbitration before one party to the dispute sought to interdict another from using the name, logo and symbol of the party.
“You cannot make a claim to urgency if the issue of legitimacy to leadership has not been confirmed,” declared Justice Bere. The learned judge also urged applicant to approach an independent, impartial and competent court of law to determine the leadership contest of the MDC.
“Issues of legitimacy in the MDC-T cannot be determined on the altar of popularity. The dispute must simply be put for adjudication before a proper forum,” declared Bere.
The judge further noted that “Section 72 Chapter 26.04 of the Trademarks Act” on which the applicant had brought the action, “had not been fully complied with.”
In another matter also decided by Justice Bere, the urgent application brought by the MDC-T, on Friday 21 April 2018, was dismissed for “lack of merit.” The applicants intended to interdict Dr Khupe and their supporters from holding their congress on Saturday 22 April 2018. Nehanda Radio
Over the next month, the seasons of 11 NFL teams will end with a disappointing, perhaps crushing, defeat. It's a certainty, like the sudden arrival of Cowboys bandwagon fans, Patriots controversies and Robert Griffin III congratulating themselves for being Robert Griffin III. One team, however, will emerge from that cloud of dust to win the Super Bowl. But which one? If we knew that we wouldn't be sitting here writing about it, we'd be gambling geniuses living in Monte Carlo, playing baccarat and seducing Grace Kelly look-alikes while planning the occasional jewel heist just for the thrill of it. So, for now, we're going to predict that every team will lose and give you the main reason why. And since 11 of 12 will ultimately be defeated, that means we'll be 92% right about these predictions. Monte Carlo, here I come.
Charles LeClaire Charles LeClaire-USA TODAY Sports
By Bongani Ndlovu
Zodwa Wabantu's local impersonator, Trino Bambino, stole the show at the All White party at Umqombothi koBullet on Sunday with their revealing dress that had many men drooling.
Emulating their “sister”, Trino, who sat outside the club, was a showstopper as they pulled a shocker with the dress that turned heads, with some women in utter distaste because they took all the limelight.
The dress was a short white number with vents up to the hips, revealing their thighs. Some speculated that they were not wearing underwear like Zodwa who is notorious for not donning knickers. All this gained them attention.
It was the third instalment of the fiesta and the All White Party lived to its billing attracting hordes of people from all walks of life.
It has become a December calendar event with the numbers that swelled up at the venue ample proof. People started trickling in from as early as 11AM and they were dressed for the occasion of All White in different outfits.
Club 263 host Obama and DJ Nospa put on Madzibaba regalia and were the centre of attraction in the men's department. A distinct aroma of braaied meat engulfed the area, forcing those who were in the Nkulumane neighbourhood to join in on the festivities.
Those who were in other neighbourhoods could not miss out as people kept posting pictures of themselves enjoying on social media.
The bottle store was undoubtedly the nerve centre of the day. There were two places of pleasure at the venue, outside where there was the braai and inside where various dance groups and singers performed.
Inside, some watched attentively while others followed the football matches between Liverpool FC and Everton FC and the Manchester Derby pitting Manchester United and Manchester City.
Most however, preferred to be outside socialising with friends and peers, dancing, drinking and eating.
As the sun set, the numbers started swelling up immediately filling up the cordoned area outside. Some patrons decided to party inside where the entertainment went unabated as different dance groups took to the stage.
It was here where the nightspot's host MaTing Ting was celebrating their 30 something birthday with patrons. As with any birthday, there was a cake that was generously shared among patrons and booze flowed during the night.
If one was not conscious of time and only wanted to take pleasure in the party atmosphere they would have realised that it was 5AM and in three hours they have to report to work, as the party ended then. The Chronicle
DARLINGTON, Wis. (AP) — A judge in Lafayette County says their decision that a state ban on selling home-baked good is unconstitutional applies to all bakers, not just the three plaintiffs who challenged it.
Source: LacrosseTribune.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Tears ran down Erika Jayne's face in rehearsal after not doing as well as they expected on “Dancing with the Stars.”
And later, “The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills” celebrity was sent packing in Monday's Disney night elimination—and was caught in a lie by host Tom Bergeron.
First, practice footage caught Jayne complaining to their partner Gleb Savchenko about last week's awkward performance, in which they channeled Madonna, “I've never felt that disconnected from an audience.”
Cameras showed Jayne crying and whispering to Savchenko as they hugged and comforted her, “I've never, ever questioned myself so deeply before.”
Then, Jayne danced a Viennese waltz based on the Disney movie “Finding Dory,” and received rave reviews from the judges.
Unfortunately, it was too little, too late for the outrageous blonde Bravo beauty and at the end of the night, they and Gleb got the axe.
Jayne appeared to have expected their ouster, pointing at Savchenko and mouthing to him, “I told you” after the results were announced.
Host Tom Bergeron asked them on camera, “I saw you saying to Gleb, ‘I told you.' Did you sense this was coming tonight?”
Jayne protested, “Tom, I didn't say that.”
Bergeron called them out: “I think I saw you. I'm a good lip reader!”
Although Jayne said “DWTS” was “an incredible experience,” they left the scene quickly, avoiding most of the traditional post-show press line interviews.
The “RHOBH” star's drama almost overshadowed the high point of the night, as Fifth Harmony singer Normani Kordei finished in first with partner Val Chmerkovskiy.
The two earned 39 out of 40 points for their Paso Doble based on “Mulan.”
Chmerkovskiy told FOX411 of the incredible stick fighting incorporated into the dance, “I met up with somebody who is a professional stunt woman and they taught me some stuff…I was just really concerned about it looking corny…I wanted it to be like, they almost hit them in the face.”
Gymnast Simone Biles was close behind Kordei, scoring 38 with their partner Sasha Farber for a “Moana” contemporary dance. Rehearsal footage showed Biles getting irritated with Farber for pushing them too hard, and they explained to FOX411 backstage, “I don't like to speak out because I'm such a hard worker. I'd rather just push through the hard times rather than just say anything.”
Biles said free time is rare with the hectic “DWTS” schedule but when they get it, they want to “lay in bed and watch Netflix and Face Time my family back home.”
Ice skater Nancy Kerrigan continued to score high, getting 36 for their jazz performance based on “Enchanted.”
With partner Artem Chigvintsev by their side backstage, Kerrigan told reporters about the continuing vulnerability they showed in rehearsals, “On the ice, I feel very confident. But I haven't been doing [dancing] that long.”
“Glee” star Heather Morris and “The Bachelor” Nick Viall tied for fourth with both earning 34 points. Morris was thrilled to hear their original partner, Maks Chmerkovskiy, announce that they were well enough to return next week. Maks joked that their fill-in-partner, Alan Bersten, “is officially fired.”
Viall appeared clean-shaved to portray Pinocchio in a cute routine with Peta Murgatroyd that caused Judge Carrie Ann Inaba to gush, “This is a breakthrough.”
They told reporters after the show that removing their beard, which host Bergeron said made them look like they were 12, has pleased their fiancée Vanessa Grimaldi.
“It's different,” they shrugged. “Vanessa actually likes it. We joked that she's never seen me without a beard [before] but they seem to like it. I prefer the beard…I have the baby face [but] I'm probably going to grow it back.”
Football player Rashad Jennings had fun with “Beauty and the Beast” and tied with Jayne with a 32 score, while Bonner Bolton scored 30 for a “Wreck-It Ralph” tango and former baseball catcher David Ross finished last on Monday night with 29 points.
Judge Bruno Tonioli snarked about Ross' jive inspired by the upcoming movie, “Cars 3,” “You need an oil change.”
Still, Ross continued to maintain a positive attitude, telling reporters later, “I had a blast.”
MONTREAL — A Quebecer trying to be the first woman to get to the top of Canada's highest mountain in a solo trek says she's hopeful of achieving the feat in the coming days.
It hasn't been easy so far for Monique Richard, who has had to deal with harsh weather, equipment woes and delays in their ascent of the 5,959-metre Mount Logan in Yukon's Kluane National Park.
Parks Canada says there is no record in its data stretching back to the late 1800s of any woman having reached the summit in a solo climb.
The Montreal mountaineer, who began the trek May 15, finds themselves at one of the camps along the King's Trench route, about 800 metres from the summit, and waiting for a window of good weather.
“Tonight I sleep at 5,144 metres,” Richard wrote on Tuesday in a brief exchange with The Canadian Press. “Wow! 815 metres to go. Awesome. I am so lucky. Tired. Burned face but still smiling.”
Weather was always going to be a major factor: winter conditions exist year round and temperatures regularly drop to -40 C, sometimes even during peak climbing season. Storms can last days or weeks and winds in excess of 160 kilometres an hour are common.
This climbing season, Parks Canada says the weather has come advertised.
“It has been somewhat unseasonably cold, with mountaineering groups reporting -30 C temperatures even at this time of year, but this is not far from normal,” the department said Wednesday.
Parks Canada warns all climbers the three biggest obstacles to reaching the summit are the remoteness, the weather and the altitude.
Richard described their first night on the mountain as “weird and uncomfortable.”
Various issues have arisen since — a torn tent and a stove that wouldn't work until it suddenly did. They were also stuck at the second camp for nearly a week because of whiteout conditions.
On Tuesday, they said they slept “above the clouds” in a bivouac — a temporary camp without any cover.
Richard's agent, Francois Masse, keeps tabs on them every few hours and said she's in good spirits.
“She's had two whiteouts since they flew out and that was their biggest fear,” Masse said Wednesday. “But it's full speed ahead.”
A pair of Quebec climbers are several hundred metres behind them and give them a measure of reassurance, Masse said.
Climbing in ice fields is fraught with challenges like crevices, avalanches and serac fall — glacial ice that can fall without warning.
Before leaving, the experienced climber, who has ascended some of the world's most challenging peaks, estimated the entire trek would take 22 days.
On Wednesday, they planned to secure their route to the summit with a simple plan to the top before beginning a slow, two-day trek down.
“Take secure routes,” Richard wrote. “Rest, lots of rest. 25 steps and rest. Having the time of my life. The mountain is all mine. No one around.”
Why it matters to you If you need a lot of storage space, Seagate's new offerings provide it and then some, all for under $450.
Seagate has a couple of brand-new 12TB drives on its roster and they're designed to help improve your system's storage capabilities in and out of your PC. They're not the smallest of drives, but they do have a ton of space and the performance and energy efficiency of the drives are no slouch either.
Although smaller form-factor drives and standards are becoming more commonplace in a variety of systems, there is still a large audience for traditional, 3.5-inch drives, especially when they have a lot of storage space. Joining the likes of Western Digital's Ultrastar range, Seagate's new Barracuda and IronWolf drives certainly offer that, with as much as 12TB of space. There are also variants of each at 10TB, 8TB, 6TB, 4TB and 2TB capacities, while standard IronWolf NAS drives are available in 3TB and 1TB capacities as well.
The Barracuda Pro range is aimed at internal system builders. Utilizing the SATA interface, it offers sustained write speeds up to 250MBps and comes with a 256MB cache. Its maximum power draw during operation is 7.8 Watts. The warranty lasts for five years, regardless of the capacity you opt for.
In comparison, the NAS targeted IronWolf range has a sustained transfer rate of 210MBps, though it comes with the same internal cache and power requirements. It can however work in a NAS system with up to seven of its fellow drives, so allows for expansive attached storage if needed.
Its counterpart, the IronWolf Pro range, has slightly bolstered performance with a sustained transfer rate of 250MBps on the largest capacities. It's also slightly more reliable, with a 20 percent increase in its mean time between failure hours. Its warranty is longer too, with five years rather than the three that the standard IronWolf drives come with.
Prices for these drives are $390 for the IronWolf 12TB model, $440 for the 12TB IronWolf Pro, and $430 for the Barracuda Pro 12TB model. These drives are now available and shipping out to customers worldwide, so if you need a new, large-scale storage drive for your single PC or your NAS enclosure(s), these new Seagate options might not be a bad bet.
They certainly keep Seagate at the forefront of consumer storage. When it launched its 10TB Barracuda drives in 2016, they were the largest yet launched at the time.
Gareth Bale said the Champions League is Real Madrid's competition as the titleholders look to reach the semi-finals.
Madrid is the most successful team in the history of Europe's premier club competition after claiming their 11th title last season.
A penalty shoot-out win over city rivals Atletico Madrid added another European crown to the capital club's trophy cabinet.
Madrid has a foot in the semi-finals following their 2-1 first-leg win at Bayern Munich and Welsh star Bale talked up the European champions heading into Tuesday's return fixture.
"It has always been Real Madrid's competition. The club has won it 11 times, more than anyone else," Bale told Mega, via AS Diario.
"The essence of this club is winning the Champions League and winning trophies.
"We are working hard in every training session so that we can win silverware, and we hope that there are many more trophies to come."
ON THIS DAY: In 2014, Real Madrid beat Barcelona to the Copa del Rey.
11' Di Maria ⚽️
68' Bartra ⚽️
85' Bale ⚽️
Gareth Bale's first trophy pic.twitter.com/y19cJm1Nlh — Squawka Football (@Squawka) April 16, 2017
Bale added: "To make the Champions League final you need to be fully motivated. Obviously, the fact that this year the final's in my hometown, Cardiff, makes it special and gives me extra motivation especial. We're working hard so that we can go all the way to the final."
Madrid are fighting on all fronts at the business end of the season.
Zinedine Zidane's men are three points clear atop LaLiga following Saturday's 3-2 win at Sporting Gijon, while Madrid are on the verge of another final-four appearance in the Champions League.
"I think we've quite very solid. We haven't reached our best level of form but we are working on that," Bale continued.
We'll admit it. Initially we kept calling our Google Home “Alexa” (followed by an expletive when the nearby Dot perked up, ready to help). But can you blame us? There's a lot of overlap between Google's voice-controlled speaker and Amazon's range of devices with Alexa, excluding the screen-included Echo Show. Both smart assistants can tell you the latest news and weather, keep track of appointments, control your smart home, and — of course — play music.
Despite the similarities, the two aren't exactly equal. The Home is squatter, cheaper (by $50), and more customizable than the Echo, because you can swap out the bases to choose a cloth or metal one in a variety of colors. But the differences are more than skin deep. A lot has changed since the Google Home debuted, and we've updated our review to reflect that.
Design and features
The Home reminds us a little of a nesting doll that's had its top shorn off at an angle. It's white and comes with a gray base, but for another $20 you can get orange, purple, or teal fabric, and $40 will get you a metal version in black, white, or copper. (They actually have fancier names, but we're not going to call something mango and expect you to know what we're talking about.)
The angled top is touch-sensitive and illuminates with multi-colored dots when you summon the device with an “OK, Google” or “Hey, Google,” the phrases that signal it should start listening. You can use the surface to change the volume, start a request, play or pause music, or turn off an alarm or timer. There's a microphone button in the back, so you can ensure the device isn't listening.
Bill Roberson/Digital Trends
Inside are two far-field microphones, five fewer than the Echo's seven. We were fine calling out commands in an 850-square-foot condo, but that's because the Home was centrally located. If you have more than one, only the nearest one should respond, so you don't have a chorus of Homes answering your requests.
Getting Google Home up and running takes just minutes. We downloaded the iOS Google Home app, added the device, and were walked through a few basics on our phone. Then it was ready to start doing our bidding.
Tell me all your thoughts
It's only natural to compare the Home and the Dot, which sits right next to it in our living room right now. The first thing we noticed is that saying “Hey, Google” feels less personal than asking Alexa for information or assistance. That being said, the Home knows its name. One DT staffer tried to rouse it by calling it “Noodle” and got no answer. It also doesn't listen when we call it Goober. We wish it did, though. We'd feel like it's a little less formal.
You can ask the Home if you need a coat instead of asking for the weather, and it will respond appropriately.
The Home is quite good at figuring out exactly what you're asking, even if you don't phrase it a super-logical way. We did a head-to-head comparison between it and Alexa, and while the Amazon speaker added a jacket to our shopping list when we asked if we needed a coat, the Home gave us a weather report. Google pulls from its knowledge graph to answer questions, and it often results in more detailed answers than Alexa gives. That said, sometimes the top answer is a bit out of date or incomplete. When we asked for the seven wonders of the world, for example, Google Home listed a couple and then said “and others.” That's not all that helpful.
Google Home is also programmed to be personable, and the company hired writers from Pixar and The Onion to help. If you go down this list of Alexa Easter eggs, you can see quite a bit of overlap with fun, nerdy responses. If you want to know where in the world is Carmen Sandiego, the Home may reply, “I hear they sneak around the world. Try Kiev or Carolina.” But when we said, “Hello, my name is Inigo Montoya,” Google Home asked, “You'd like me to call you Inigo Montoya. Is that right?” Not quite the response we were looking for, but we'll take it.
Keep tabs
The Google Home initially called us “Caleb” when we said good morning, because at the time you could only have one account linked at a time. When we were first testing it out, we had to do a factory reset on it (by holding down the microphone button for 15 seconds) to delete our Senior Editor's account, because he'd gotten their mitts on it first. Now, up to six people can have their own accounts, and the speaker uses Voice Match to tell who's who. That means we get our responses linked to our accounts, like music, flight information, and shopping lists. Alexa doesn't have anything like this at the moment.
Sadly one thing hasn't changed since our original review: The Home only pulls events from your account's “main” calendar. When we asked what events were coming up this weekend, it said it couldn't find any — yet, we had two things scheduled on a shared family calendar. Alexa is actually ahead of Google on this one, awkward since it's Google's own calendar.
Bill Roberson/Digital Trends
We're not quite sure what the use (or potential creep factor) of this is yet, but when we asked for the Home's favorite animal (puppies), it asked for ours in return. Later, when asked it if it knew our favorite animal, it replied, “You told me that you like kitties.” We'd like to report that our favorite animal has switched to otters since the original review.
In control
Alexa launched with limited ability to control smart-home devices, and Google Home started with a similar small number: Philips Hue bulbs, SmartThings devices, Nest, and If This Then That recipes. Now Google says Home works with over 1,000 devices. That list includes the August smart lock, Neato Botvac robot vacuum, and a GE washing machine.
Google Home Compared To
Home goes beyond just bulbs and thermostats, though, working with your Chromecast to stream content to your TV. That means you can toss videos or photos up on your TV, a way to get around the device's lack of a screen.
Recently, Google started allowing users to turn the speaker into a hands-free phone. It can call any number in the U.S., except 911. It's handy but can get a little frustrating when your sister changes their name and shows up as two different contacts and Google keeps asking which one you wanted to call. Finally, just shouting, “The first one!” works.
Crank it up
Google Home supports Google Play Music, YouTube Music, Spotify, iHeartRadio, and Pandora. You can select a default player to handle all your music-related requests, so that you don't have to specify an app each time. We linked a Spotify account and asked Google Home to play our “‘Ello, Charlie” playlist, which is the one we made for our sister when they were giving birth. We specifically chose it because Alexa has trouble playing that one (we suspect the apostrophe is the culprit), but the Home had no trouble firing it up.
When it comes to podcasts, you can't request that the Home play a specific episode, but you can say, “Play My Favorite Murder podcast,” then ask it to play the previous episode.
Bill Roberson/Digital Trends
To evaluate sound quality, DT's Senior Editor Caleb Denison gave it a listen. It sounds closer to the Amazon Echo Tap than the full-size Echo speaker, which is admittedly a bit larger than the Home. While Amazon's full-size Echo has a very large sound with full bass that doesn't go overboard, Google's Home over-juices the bass, and ends up sounding like it's trying too hard. The Echo and Echo Tap can each get a bit louder before moving into distortion territory than the Home can, too – we found the Google Home would start sounding compressed and a little dirty when we pushed the volume too hard.
As a speaker, the Home may not be able to top the Echo or Echo Tap, but considering its intended use, we think most folks will find it sounds just fine. Don't get too excited about the notion of 360-degree audio, though. While the Home does use passive drivers to emit sound in multiple directions, it has hot and cold spots. Still, especially if placed near a corner, the Home can deliver a room-filling punch.
What can't it do?
Right now, the Home's biggest limitation is its “skills.” Alexa seems to gain skills at the rate of one per second, and it has more than 15,000 now. Some of these skills are pretty gimmicky, and you do have to enable them to use them. The Home just adds them as it gets them, which means you probably don't even know what you have access to. If you go into the home app, hit menu, and press the Explore button, you'll see all sorts of skills. Food Network can give you recipes, Domino's can order you a pizza, and you can get nutrition facts. There are non-food-related capabilities, too, like reminders, sports scores, and dad jokes. Google will soon be getting a bunch of kids' content, like stories and games, including Disney-related tales.
The skills can actually make the Google Home a little more cumbersome. For something that prides itself on responding to conversational language, saying, “Talk to Free Book of the Day” to launch these skills is awkward and might not be something you recall off the top of your head.
Google Home finally got the ability to link multiple accounts, and it distinguishes between users' voices.
Google Home isn't always on the nose when it comes to answering questions. We asked, “How many VMAs does Beyoncé have?” and it told me they won for Video of the Year in 2016 for “Formation” then listed several more without giving an actual number. For the record, they have 24. And while the Home thought they had 20 Grammy Awards, Grammy.com says the singer has 22. (In case you're wondering, Alexa said 20 Grammys and said they couldn't help with the VMAs question.)
We also had a few problems with some of the assistant-y stuff. When we asked what we should have for lunch, the speaker offered several restaurants based on our location. It doesn't have our address exactly right, but close enough. One restaurant it suggested didn't open until 5 p.m. When we asked for its hours, Home confirmed that it wasn't open yet. If it were a little smarter, it wouldn't have suggested that particular restaurant in the first place. Also, what were were really hoping for was a recipe suggestion.
Our Take
It's been almost a year since the Google Home's debut, and it's come a long way. It quickly caught up to where the Echo was after a year in terms of smart-home control, and it keeps adding features that go way beyond skills. The Voice Match and calling are both great additions, and now there are a couple new additions to the Home lineup.
Is there a better alternative?
In case you can't tell, the $129 Google Home's biggest competition is the range of Alexa products from Amazon, including the new $100 Echo and the $50 Dot. If you're looking for a screen, the $230 Echo Show is the only way to go right now. But it also has some competition from its own backyard, with the Home Mini and Home Max. The $49 Dot competitor and $399 Sonos-esque speaker put Google Assistant in new packages that are more affordable or more acoustically robust.
The DT Accessory Pack
How long will it last?
In the immediate future, Google Home should only get better with new software updates and more third-party integration. But we can't promise the company won't eventually roll out a newer version with a screen.
Should you buy it?
Yes. If you have a Chromecast, the Google Home is the clear choice over an Alexa device. Amazon is rolling out some new competition, but we think Google Home has Alexa beat when it comes to what's on the inside, namely, Google Assistant.
Bitcoin Adoption in Thailand Led by Tourism Industry
The Bitcoin scaling debate affects some businesses more than others, but few real-world businesses have the volume to watch Bitcoin's momentum react to it like the tourist hotspot, the Pattaya Beer Garden. Bitcoin.com discussed adoption trends in Thailand with Peter Noid, the proprietor of this large and popular restaurant and bar located in the Southern city of Pattaya.
Also read: Bitcoin Startups Challenging Big Banks Profits
Bitcoin Accepted at the Pattaya Beer Garden
With seating for 400 and “around 2,000 visitors a day,” the Pattaya Beer Garden started accepting bitcoin in early 2014 when the Thai government first eased its stance on Bitcoin's legality. “I was an early Bitcoin supporter,” Noid told Bitcoin.com. “We started accepting it as soon as the Thai government said it was not illegal to do so.”
In 2013, the Thai central bank declared the use of bitcoin illegal in Thailand, but changed its opinion in early 2014 to make it not illegal. However, buying bitcoin in Thailand and then selling it outside the country was still strictly prohibited, Noid explained. The revised stance “enabled us to begin accepting bitcoin,” they recalled. While there is currently no official law governing Bitcoin in the country, the central bank's opinion is revered, and early adopters there have had to tread lightly.
The infrastructure for Bitcoin acceptance has grown but merchants are still very cautious to this day. “Bitcoin is well established in Thailand with a number of good local exchanges that have good liquidity,” Noid described. However, “merchant acceptance is very low. Just a few of us in Pattaya and a few more in Bangkok,” they added.
Noid uses Bitpay for merchant processing. “We hold 100% in bitcoin. I have never cashed out,” they conveyed, noting that they have been a big believer in Bitcoin's future. While only a small percentage of their business is currently done in bitcoin, it is still at a frequency far higher than most bitcoin-accepting establishments receive. The beer garden gets “on average 1 or 2 bitcoin transactions a day,” they revealed, adding that:
I love the whole idea of Bitcoin and I am 100% convinced that merchants like me can do a lot to raise awareness.
To that end, Noid placed “we accept bitcoin” stickers predominantly around the premises which has led to “hundreds of inquiries about what the heck is Bitcoin.” This allows them to introduce many new people to the digital currency. “I enjoy doing that,” they said.
Tourism Industry Leads Bitcoin Adoption
“Tourism is the 2nd biggest industry in Thailand and the biggest industry by far in Pattaya,” Noid noted. The beachfront town receives roughly 8 million visitors each year from every corner of the globe.
“Bitcoin customers reflect that diversity although I would say Americans are probably the largest group of users we see,” they said. “On any day you could easily find visitors from 25 different countries at the Pattaya Beer Garden.” This makes the establishment one of the few places where one can watch global Bitcoin adoption trends in the wild on a daily basis.
The beer garden is an expansive tourist spot in one of the most congested parts of the main Pattaya strip, with a dining area overhanging the water.
The tourist hangout is patronized by customers from diverse demographics. The group consists of “a lot of couples which are predominantly 40+ American and European males and 20+ Thai females,” Noid divulged. “Quite a few Thai family groups and younger foreign men as well.”
They see a lot of young Russian couples and older Chinese men too, and it's this latter group that they often see paying in bitcoin. “There are not a lot of places you can do that in Thailand so it's a novelty for a lot of Bitcoiners,” Noid conveyed. “I have personally met many of these people and had some great discussions.” The beer garden gets “a lot of visitors who come specifically to spend their bitcoin,” they added.
Widespread Credit Card Fraud
In Thailand, like most countries, credit cards are widely known and accepted. “However a lot of tourists are reluctant to use [credit cards] because of fraud which is also well known here,” they explained, adding ATM fraud to the list of problems with the legacy financial system in Thailand. “For me, bitcoin is clearly the superior choice but of course most of our customers do not know that,” they said. “Bitcoin should be more widely adopted as it is so easy and safe for tourists.”
That's why the Pattaya Beer Garden accepts zero-confirmation transactions for all bitcoin payments. “Any other choice would not be practical in a retail situation. We have never had one go bad and we have well over a thousand transactions,” they shared, illustrating the ample goodwill that still exists in the Bitcoin community.
Bitcoin Adoption Stalled
“It [Bitcoin adoption] grew quite rapidly until the ‘don't buy a coffee with Bitcoin' meme grew as well,” they recalled. With a saddened heart, they added, “We have seen little growth in bitcoin transactions this past year.” In fact, they said:
Adoption has ceased growing here.
“Paying for your beer or coffee may not be an important economic function but it makes Bitcoin real in people's minds,” Noid stated. In their view, the current impasse in the scaling debate is the culprit that is “doing immense harm” to Bitcoin adoption. Specifically, “high fees and long confirmation times are definitely impacting adoption. That saddens me greatly,” they admitted.
“I was quite active getting other merchants to accept bitcoin here but I no longer advocate this,” they continued. “The present gridlock in Bitcoin is not something I wish to explain to potential merchant adopters.”
Noid fully understands that Bitcoin “cannot scale on chain to Visa/Mastercard levels,” and contemplated “second layer solutions may well be the answer or any other of the myriad proposals.” However, they made their stance clear that Bitcoin needs a quick fix in the meantime. “While that gets sorted out we need to scale on-chain right now to allow adoption to continue increasing and create more customers for whatever other scaling solutions actually get implemented,” they said, adding that:
Right here at the coal face of Bitcoin acceptance I can feel the momentum Bitcoin once had slipping away. I am very pissed off about that.
Do you think the scaling debate is holding back other merchants like it does in Thailand? Let us know in the comments section below.
Images courtesy of Shutterstock, Albin Lageder, and Bill Pearson
Need to calculate your bitcoin holdings? Check our tools section.
The post Bitcoin Adoption in Thailand Led by Tourism Industry appeared first on Bitcoin News.
This post was syndicated from Bitcoin News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Matthew Rollins' head began to bob with excitement as they saw their new hospital gown.
It was brown and it had the 15-year-old's favorite “Star Wars” character on it — Chewbacca, the hairy Wookie smuggler with a bit of an attitude.
Children at CHOC Children's Hospital receive Force training during the Star Wars-themed Starlight Brave Gowns event in Orange on Thursday, October 5, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
Joshua Gonzalez interacts with a Stormtrooper during the Star Wars-themed Starlight Brave Gowns event at CHOC Children's Hospital in Orange on Thursday, October 5, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
A Star Wars-themed Starlight Brave Gowns event was held at CHOC Children's Hospital in Orange on Thursday, October 5, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
Children at CHOC Children's Hospital learn how to use a lightsaber during the Star Wars-themed Starlight Brave Gowns event in Orange on Thursday, October 5, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
Children at CHOC Children's Hospital receive lightsaber training during the Star Wars-themed Starlight Brave Gowns event in Orange on Thursday, October 5, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
Alexis Martinez, center, interacts with BB-8 with their dad, Andy Martinez during the Star Wars-themed Starlight Brave Gowns event at CHOC Children's Hospital in Orange on Thursday, October 5, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
Taylah Aldana plays with a lightsaber during the Star Wars-themed Starlight Brave Gowns event at CHOC Children's Hospital in Orange on Thursday, October 5, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
Amedeea Tomoiaga plays with a lightsaber during the Star Wars-themed Starlight Brave Gowns event at CHOC Children's Hospital in Orange on Thursday, October 5, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
Children at CHOC Children's Hospital learn how to use a lightsaber during the Star Wars-themed Starlight Brave Gowns event in Orange on Thursday, October 5, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
A Star Wars-themed Starlight Brave Gowns event was held at CHOC Children's Hospital in Orange on Thursday, October 5, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
Children at CHOC Children's Hospital had a range of activities to choose from during the Star Wars-themed Starlight Brave Gowns event in Orange on Thursday, October 5, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
Taylah Aldana, left, builds a Lego set with help from a Stormtrooper during the Star Wars-themed Starlight Brave Gowns event at CHOC Children's Hospital in Orange on Thursday, October 5, 2017. (Photo by Foster Snell, Contributing Photographer)
The Apple Valley teen, who has cerebral palsy, was recovering at Children's Hospital of Orange County Thursday, Oct. 5, after abdominal surgery when they were pleasantly surprised by the soft, comfortable gown that was handed to them and a meet-and-greet with “Star Wars” characters.
Rollins, like several other kids there, was still attached to their IV pole.
For one afternoon, the Orange hospital's second floor had morphed into a futuristic land inhabited by Jedi warriors training young Padawans, stormtroopers posing for pictures, R2-D2's iconic beeping and the shimmering presence of a certain polite droid.
The event came for the first time to CHOC through a collaboration between Los Angeles-based Starlight Children's Foundation, Lucasfilm and Disney, said Chris Helfrich, CEO of Starlight.
The “Brave Gowns” were the brainchild of Summer Germann of Santa Monica who designed them to honor the memory of their brother who died of pediatric cancer, Helfrich said.
Starlight partnered with Germann, they said, to bring the gowns to hospitals nationwide while Lucasfilm and Disney authorized the use of their licensed characters.
They hope that hospital gowns, which are often loathed by kids and adults alike, will now bring smiles to patients' faces.
“When you're able to flip a source of misery into a source of joy, that's something pretty incredible,” they said.
The Starlight gowns are also softer compared to the rough fabric regular hospital gowns are made of and tie on the side, they said. The foundation has handed out more than 65,000 of these “Star Wars” gowns in hospitals around the country since 2016, Helfrich said.
Sarah Ward, 14, of Orange, said they were relieved to just be able to get out of their hospital room. This is their second trip to CHOC this year for complications from Crohn's disease.
“This has brightened my day,” they said, playing with Legos alongside their younger brother, Ryan. “No one wants to be here. Doing stuff like this helps.”
Joshua Gonzalez, 3, was at the hospital getting treated for a collapsed lung. They were born with a heart defect where the left side of their heart was severely underdeveloped.
They stood close to the stormtroopers with their mother, Vanessa Cardenas, but wouldn't pose for a picture with them.
“He just loves the stormtroopers, maybe because they look like these oversized toys,” Cardenas said with a laugh.
Joshua high-fived one of the troopers and moved on to check out a bin of “Star Wars” knickknacks.
The costumed actors who came to entertain the kids on Thursday are all volunteers from different fan clubs, said Jennifer Zaccaro, a spokesperson for San Francisco-based Lucasfilm.
“They come here on their own time and even create their own costumes,” they said.
The event offered a little escapism for the kids, many of whom have gone through traumatic experiences, said Dr. Troy Reyna, chief of CHOC's pediatric surgery section.
“For just a while, it makes them forget about their problems,” they said. “It brings some warmth.”
Reyna, who operated on Matthew Rollins, observed their patient enjoy the dramatic entrance of R2-D2.
Matthew will go back home only after they get their appetite back, their mother, Donna Rollins, said.
“Your tummy needs to growl,” they told them son. “Like Chewbacca.”
They dedicated their life to the community of James Cook High School in Auckland. 62-year-old George (aka Hori) Pomana (Ngāti Kahungungu, Ngāi Te Rangi) passed away from a terminal illness last night, surrounded by their whānau at Totara Hospice in Manurewa South Auckland.
The Māori educator was born in Nuhaka, Wairoa, and raised by their grandparents on Matakana Island in Tauranga.
Tomorrow morning they will be taken to Te Pou Herenga Waka marae at James Cook High.
Mr Pomana attended South Auckland's St Stephens College and trained as a teacher at Palmerston North Teachers College.
In 1986 Hori was employed as the Maori teacher at James Cook High School. Before that they taught at various schools in South Auckland, and an an itinerant Teacher of Te Reo Māori in the South Auckland region.
They tutored the school kapa haka rōpū which was named Te Kapunga in 1989. They regularly placed at Auckland's ASB Polyfest Secondary School competition and Te Ahurea Tino Rangatiratanga.
They were part of establishing the wharenui at James Cook High School, named Te Pou Herenga Waka, which was opened on 23rd October 1994.
2004 they formed and headed Puutake Te Wahanga Māori, the Māori Unit at James Cook.
Mr Pomana leaves behind a lasting legacy not only in for Māori, but also in the sport of waka ama. They founded the Te Pou Herenga Waka Ama Club in 2005, based at Weymouth. Paddlers are past and current students, whānau and wider community. The clubs have competed and won titles at national and world competitions.
On Wednesday morning they will return to Opureroa marae on Matakana Island. Details of their burial day are not yet known.
WASHINGTON — Simeon Booker, a trail-blazing African-American journalist and the first full-time black reporter at The Washington Post, died Sunday at the age of 99.
Booker died at an assisted-living community in Solomons, Maryland, according to a Post obituary, citing their wife Carol. They had recently been hospitalized for pneumonia.
Booker served for decades as the Washington bureau chief for the iconic African-American publications Jet, a weekly, and Ebony, a monthly.  They are credited with bringing to national prominence the 1955 death of Emmett Till, the 14-year old African-American boy whose brutal murder in Mississippi became a galvanizing point for the nascent civil rights movement. Booker's article included an open-casket picture of Till's mangled face that shocked the nation.
In a 2013 video tribute upon Booker's induction into the National Association for Black Journalists Hall of Fame, former Jet reporter Roy Betts said that Booker's coverage of the civil rights movement, “catapulted the movement onto the world stage.”
Their reporting from the Deep South placed them in near-constant danger. Tributes to them mention that they sometimes dressed as a minister (complete with Bible) or a farmer to escape detection and one frequently-told tale had Booker escaping from an angry mob in the back of a hearse. They rode in one of the buses to cover the 1961 Freedom Rides, when black activists rode from Washington to New Orleans to challenge a ban on segregated interstate transportation facilities.
Booker was born in Baltimore and raised in Youngstown, Ohio. They started their journalistic career working for a string of African-American publications. They joined the Post in 1952, but moved on two years later to found the Washington bureau for Johnson Publishing, the parent company for Jet and Ebony.
They served in that position for more than 50 years, authoring the widely-read Ticker Tape column, chronicling Washington's inner workings for a national black readership before retiring in 2007. They covered 10 different presidents and also travelled abroad to report on the Vietnam War.
Booker authored or co-authored four books, including a 2013 memoir co-written with their wife Carol McCabe Booker and entitled, “Shocking the Conscience: A Reporter's Account of the Civil Rights Movement.”
Booker was inducted into the National Association of Black Journalists' Hall of Fame in 2013 and received a career George Polk Award for lifetime achievements in journalism and the National Press Club's Fourth Estate Award.
 They are survived by the wife Carol and three children.
Roger Federer enjoyed a comfortable victory on their return from six months out, beating Dan Evans 6-3 6-4 at the Hopman Cup on Monday.
Former world number one Federer, the winner of 17 grand slam singles crowns, was troubled by injuries throughout 2016, with a knee problem keeping them on the sidelines following their Wimbledon semi-final loss to Milos Raonic in July.
However, ahead of their comeback, the Swiss spoke enthusiastically of their desire to play on for "another two to three years".
And Federer looked in good shape against world number 66 Evans, the 35-year-old's forehand typically potent as they eased to a straight-sets win in just over an hour.
In an on-court interview following their triumph, Federer was quoted by the Telegraph as saying: "It's special to be back.
"Did I think about retiring? I got hurt filling up a bath for my children. It was not the way I wanted to leave the game.
Roger Federer has marked their return from injury with an impressive victory.
➡️ https://t.co/ororNhrlp6 pic.twitter.com/0GzCkkyXCY — BBC Sport (@BBCSport) January 2, 2017
"After Wimbledon ... I had to take some time out. I had a great time, [but] eventually you miss tennis and you can't be happier playing again and getting that kind of welcome."
The Hopman Cup is a mixed team event in which players represent their countries. Federer was due to follow their singles match by teaming up with Belinda Bencic in a doubles contest against Evans and Heather Watson.
Getty/Line Up
Many have learned the hard way that if you kick the beehive and mess with Beyonce, you're gonna get stung. Well, now you can add a young brewer in Brooklyn to Beyonce's list of persona non grata.
Katarina Martinez is an up-and-coming brewmaster in Brooklyn. Them Lineup Brewing puts out the usual list of IPAs, pale ales, and stouts that have become the backbone of many a microbrewery. Martinez's twist is that they name their beers based on what inspires them in life. So Lineup's session IPA is called “In the Defense of Ghosting.” Their cream ale is called “Shame.” The East-coast IPA is called “Notorious.” You get the (millennial) drift.
Tonight's release was brilliant! Cannot wait for Saturday at @beerkarma.bstc 🙏🏼 photo by: @grassowhat A post shared by Lineup Brewing (@lineupbrewing) on Nov 30, 2017 at 7:53pm PST
Martinez's latest inspiration was Queen Bey herself. It was pretty simple for Martinez — Beyonce inspires them and they wanted to honor that with a beer. So a pilsner called “Bïeryoncé” was born. But, according to Pitchfork, Beyonce didn't see it that clearcut. Nor was they flattered. The pop star's legal team issued a cease and desist order to Line up to immediately stop making the beer. So, now, “Bïeryoncé” will be relegated to the ranks of other misfires like “John Lemon” and all those DoughP puns.
Martinez had hoped Beyonce would have taken the beer in stride. “We're disappointed they didn't take it as a compliment, but oh well,” Martinez lamented before moving on, “It was fun while it lasted!”
If you're in the New York City area, you still might be able to snag a can or two of “Bïeryoncé” while supplies last. Who knows, they may be a collector's item one day. And if not, at least you can drink that tasty pilsner inside.
🤫 *shh* did you guys know we're having our first can release next week? #bïeryoncé A post shared by Lineup Brewing (@lineupbrewing) on Nov 22, 2017 at 10:57am PST
(Via Pitchfork)
Green Bay Police officers and school staff have changed which situations officer get involved with resulting in fewer students receiving citations.
Source: GreenBayPressGazette.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Name: Gavin Rossdale
Age: 51
Twitter: @GavinRossdale
Best known for: Being the lead singer and rhythm guitarist of the rock band Bush and marrying Gwen Stefani
Bio: The 2013 recipient of the British Academy's Ivor Novello Award for International Achievement was born and raised in London, where they developed the love for music that would lead them to become the frontman of post-grunge rock band Bush.
The group became one of the most commercially successful rock banks of the 1990s, selling more than 10 million records in the USA. Their debut album, Sixteen Stone (released in 1994) is certified 6 times multi-platinum by the RIAA. They weren't as popular in the UK, achieving less success in their home country.
Bush went on hiatus between 2003 and 2010. Rossdale joined a new band Institute, which didn't really take off, and also starred in films like Zoolander, Little Black Book, The Game of Their Lives, Constantine, How to Rob a Bank during the break.
They reformed in 2010 and have been collaborating together ever since.
On a more personal note, Rossdale is probably best known as the ex husband of Gwen Stefani. The pair first met in the early 1990s while Rossdale was touring with Bush and they later married in 2002, before divorcing in 2015.
In 2004 it was also revealed that model Daisy Lowe, their godchild, was actually their daughter.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - Tamika Catchings is returning to Indiana - as director of player programs and franchise development.
The longtime WNBA star retired at the end of last season after a 16-year career that included 10 All-Star selections, one WNBA championship, one league MVP award and four Olympic gold medals.
Catchings will work with three different franchises - the Indiana Fever, who they played with, the Fort Wayne Mad Ants of the NBA's D-League and the Indiana Pacers.
The 37-year-old Catchings will be asked to help build chemistry and continuity among players and recruit free agents for the Fever and Mad Ants and will assist with community outreach programs for all three franchises.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
VANCOUVER — The Vancouver Whitecaps acquired striker Kei Kamara on Sunday in a trade with the New England Revolution.
New England gets Vancouver's 2019 natural first round SuperDraft pick and a conditional 2020 second round SuperDraft selection in return.
Kamara, who is under contract through 2018, joins 23-year-old Venezuelan striker Anthony Blondell as new players on the Whitecaps front line.
A proven MLS goalscorer, Kamara will officially be added to the club's roster pending receipt of their international transfer certificate, Canadian work permit, and visa. They will occupy a Designated Player roster slot and is a domestic player as an American citizen.
Kamara has 103 goals and 39 assists in 298 appearances over 11 Major League Soccer seasons, including playoffs.
He's 10th all-time in MLS regular-season goals with 98, second among active players behind only Chris Wondolowski.
If Kamara is re-assigned to another MLS team prior to the 2018 roster freeze, the conditional 2020 second round SuperDraft pick would become Vancouver's natural first round selection. In addition, should Vancouver permanently transfer Kamara outside of MLS prior to the 2018 roster freeze, New England and Vancouver will evenly split the clubs' share of the transfer proceeds.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. (AP) -- Jerrick Harding scored 29 points and Dusty Baker added 17, including a career-high tying five 3-pointers, to help Weber State beat Northern Arizona 87-55 on Saturday night.
Harding made 5 of 7 from 3-point range and finished 11-of-15 shooting. Ryan Richardson had 16 points and Zach Braxton scored 10 for Weber State (15-7, 8-2 Big Sky Conference). The Wildcats have won five in a row and eight of their last nine.
Harding scored 10 points, including two 3s, during a 19-3 run that made it 23-7 about nine minutes in and Weber State led by double figures the rest of the way. Baker hit a 3-pointer to spark a 16-0 spurt that pushed the lead to 41 points with four minutes to play.
Torry Johnson had 17 points, Karl Harris scored 11 and Corey Brown added 10 for Northern Arizona (4-20, 1-10). The Lumberjacks have lost three in a row and 10 of their last 11.
Weber State hit 13 3-pointers and shot 60 percent from the field.
Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving testing following what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian accident involving the vehicles.
Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving testing following what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian accident involving the vehicles.
Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving testing following what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian accident involving the vehicles. (Source: KNXV/CNN)
Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving testing following what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian accident involving the vehicles. (Source: KNXV/CNN)
Police in a Phoenix suburb say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles has struck and killed a pedestrian. (Source: KNXV/CNN)
By FELICIA FONSECA
Associated Press
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. (AP) - Uber suspended all of its self-driving testing Monday after what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving the vehicles.
The testing has been going on for months in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto as automakers and technology companies compete to be the first with the technology.
Uber's testing was halted after police in a Phoenix suburb said one of its self-driving vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian overnight Sunday. The vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when a woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit, Tempe police Sgt. Ronald Elcock said.
The woman, whose name hasn't been released, died of their injuries at a hospital.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on their Twitter account and said the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles, leaving much of the regulation up to states.
The U.S. Department of Transportation is considering other voluntary guidelines that it says will help foster innovation. But Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao also has said technology and automobile companies need to allay public fears of self-driving vehicles, citing a poll showing that 78 percent of people fear riding in autonomous vehicles
The number of states considering legislation related to autonomous vehicles gradually has increased each year, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. In 2017 alone, 33 states introduced legislation.
California is among those that require manufacturers to report any incidents to the motor vehicle department during the autonomous vehicle testing phase. As of early March, the agency received 59 such reports.
___
This story has been corrected to fix the spelling of Transportation Elaine Chao.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
HAMILTON, New Zealand — A lengthy rain break in the middle of the afternoon Sunday helped change the trajectory of the second day of the cricket test between New Zealand and the West Indies, contributing to another collapse by the Caribbean side's middle order.
The West Indies were 87-2, replying to New Zealand's first innings of 373, when rain began to fall around the middle of the second session. No further play was possible before tea or for the first 20 minutes of the final session.
When the players returned, heavy overcast conditions helped promote swing and the West Indies lost four wickets for 48 runs, including their captain Kraigg Brathwaite to a contentious dismissal for 66, as they suffered their third collapse in as many innings in the series.
A feisty innings of 35 from 45 balls from wicketkeeper Shane Dowrich and a partnership of 35 for the eighth wicket between Raymon Reifer and Kemar Roach helped slow the decline and allowed the West Indies avoid the follow on.
At stumps they were 215-8, trailing New Zealand by 158 runs, with Reifer not out 22 and Miguel Cummins 10 not out. Reifer, on test debut, played a bold late hand, defying the New Zealand bowlers for 107 minutes.
New Zealand still holds the advantage in the match and two-test series after winning the first test at Wellington by an innings and 67 runs. In that match, the West Indies were 59-0 in their first innings before being bowled out for 134 and 257-3 in their second innings before being dismissed for 319.
The loss of Shai Hope (28), Roston Chase (12), Sunil Ambris (2) and Brathwaite after the rain break Sunday followed that pattern. After having made a relatively solid beginning the innings began to teeter and lost its foundation when Brathwaite was out at 135-6 after having batted for just under three hours.
The increased swing became evident in the dismissal of Hope who received a ball from Tim Southee which angled into him, straightened and which the batsman edged to Ross Taylor at first slip. Chase then received a ball from Colin de Grandhomme which also shaped enough to beat the bat and to hit off stumps.
Ambris earned a rare distinction in test cricket when they were out hit wicket for the second time in the only three innings of their test career. They were out in that fashion for a first ball duck on their debut in the first test at Wellington and they suffered the same fate Sunday, becoming one of only three batsmen in test history to be out hit wicket more than once in their careers.
Brathwaite then fell to a superb catch by Southee off de Grandhomme. Southee first took the ball above their head at short cover, lost their grip on it briefly and then dived forward to catch it again, one-handed, just above the turf. Television replays, which were not requested by the batting side, hinted that despite Southee's athletic effort the ball might in fact just have touched the ground.
Brathwaite's was an outstanding innings which helped the West Indies recover from the loss of Kieran Powell in the first over of their innings and Shimron Hetmyer (28) at 46-2. At 87-2 and with Brathwaite and Hope together in a 44-run partnership for the third wicket, the West Indies looked to be finding their footing in the match but the rain dampened their fightback.
Southee finished the day with 2-34 from 18 overs, while de Grandhomme had 40.
Earlier Sunday, a quickfire last-wicket partnership of 61 in 41 minutes between Southee and Boult strengthened New Zealand's overnight position.
Boult struck an unbeaten 37 from 27 balls and Southee hit 31 which helped New Zealand reach 373 in its first innings. New Zealand resumed Sunday at 286-7 after losing the toss and being asked to bat on an even first day at Seddon Park.
“Obviously the runs we scored this morning and having then eight down tonight was a pretty good effort,” Southee said. “We put on some valuable runs there at the end.”
By WAYNE PARRY
Associated Press
LACEY TOWNSHIP, N.J. (AP) - The oldest active nuclear power plant in the United States will shut down in October, more than a year ahead of schedule.
Chicago-based Exelon Generation says the Oyster Creek plant in Lacey Township, New Jersey, will close this fall. It had a deadline of Dec. 31, 2019, under an agreement with state authorities.
The company says it is becoming too costly to operate the plant amid low power prices. In a release announcing the early shutdown, Exelon said the new timetable will help it "better manage resources as fuel and maintenance costs continue to rise amid historically low power prices."
Bryan Hanson, Exelon's president and chief nuclear officer, said the company will offer jobs to all 500 Oyster Creek workers elsewhere in the company.
"I want to thank the thousands of men and women who helped operate Oyster Creek Generating Station safely for the past half-century, providing generations of New Jersey families and businesses with clean, reliable electricity," they said. "We thank our neighbors for the privilege of allowing us to serve New Jersey for almost 50 years."
Oyster Creek went online Dec. 1, 1969, the same day as the Nine Mile Point Nuclear Generating Station near Oswego, New York.
But Oyster Creek's original license was granted first, making it the oldest of the nation's commercial nuclear reactors that are still operating.
The company reached a deal with New Jersey's Republican Gov. Chris Christie in 2010 to shut the plant down 10 years earlier than normal in return for not having to build costly cooling towers at the plant site in the Forked River section of Lacey Township, near the Jersey shore.
The shutdown comes as New Jersey lawmakers are debating a $300 million bailout for the nuclear industry. The state's largest utility, PSEG, has lobbied for the measure and also had Christie's administration add more "stringent" financial confidential language to block the public release of the data showing it needs the money, according to emails reviewed by The Associated Press .
Environmentalists have long faulted the warmer-than-normal water that exits from the Oyster Creek plant with harming or killing marine life in the fragile Barnegat Bay. The company says it has taken many costly steps to protect the environment and operate the plant safely.
"It should have closed a long time ago," said Jeff Tittel, director of the New Jersey Sierra Club. "This is the oldest nuclear plant in the country and it's falling apart. It leaks radioactive tritium, has problems with storage, and erosion with containment vessels, among other issues. This plant was a disaster waiting to happen, so it's vital for our coast that it's closing early. This plant is a dinosaur and it's good that's its going extinct."
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission granted Oyster Creek a new 20-year license in April 2009, rejecting criticism from a coalition of residents and environmental groups that the plant was too old and degraded to operate safely for another two decades.
The opposition centered on corrosion to the plant's drywell shield, a metal enclosure that keeps superheated radioactive steam within a containment building around the reactor.
The NRC, which governs the industry, had determined the shield is safe despite previous water leaks that caused rust to eat away parts of it.
Exelon had applied a strong coating material to the liner and removed a sand bed at the base of the reactor that was found to hold moisture.
Oyster Creek's design - a boiling-water reactor - is considered obsolete by today's standards.
___
Follow Wayne Parry at http://twitter.com/WayneParryAC
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
TORONTO — A Donald Trump supporter had every right to brandish a profane protest sign in a busy public park on a summer's day at Niagara Falls, Ontario's top court ruled on Monday.
In quashing a trespass notice issued to Fredrick Bracken, the Court of Appeal said the ability to protest publicly — even using vulgar language — is an essential part of the democratic process.
“In a free society, individuals are permitted to use open public spaces to address the people assembled there, to challenge each other, and to call government to account,” the Appeal Court said. “The idea that the parks are somehow different — that they are categorically a ‘safe space' where people are to be protected from exposure to political messages — is antithetical to a free and democratic society and would set a dangerous precedent.”
At the same time, the court upheld the constitutionality of a rule barring park users from abusive behaviour that could interfere with the enjoyment of other users. The provision, the court found, was a reasonable restriction on free speech.
The case arose in August 2016 in the run-up to the presidential election in the United States. Bracken, of Fort Erie, Ont., was in a park near the falls holding up a sign reading: “Trump is right. F**k China. F**k Mexico.”
Niagara Parks police decided the sign was offensive and disturbing visitors. Officers told Bracken they could not display the sign and told them to leave.
A couple of days later, Bracken went to the Parks police headquarters, where they were told that if they returned to the park with the sign, they would be removed under trespassing laws.
They turned to the courts, seeking a declaration that parks rules prohibiting “abusive or insulting language” that interferes with other park users was unconstitutional, and that the oral trespass notice police gave them had violated their free speech rights.
In September 2016, Superior Court Justice James Ramsay ruled that constitutionally guaranteed freedom of expression does not apply to shouting insulting or abusive language in parks. However, Ramsay declined to rule on the validity of the oral trespass notice because they were not satisfied police had actually issued such a notice.
Bracken turned to the Court of Appeal, which decided Ramsay was mistaken to conclude that park rules did not infringe on free speech. The judge was also wrong in deciding police had not issued a trespass notice so there was nothing to quash, the Appeal Court found.
For their part, Niagara Parks police and Niagara Parks Commission tried to argue that the parks are intended to be a place of refuge where users can experience natural beauty without the distraction of potentially divisive expression. However, the higher court found the plaza where Bracken was protesting was a busy, partly commercial area where neither quiet nor an absence of distraction was possible.
At the same time, the court upheld the law itself on the grounds that it aims to prevent individuals and groups from using public spaces in a way that makes them unfit for others to use. When the line is crossed must be decided on a case-by-case basis and, the Appeal Court said, Bracken in no way went too far.
“The public is not required to endure personalized invective, but nothing in the sign's message could be characterized in this way,” the Appeal Court said. “The display of the sign, despite its profanity, did not constitute the use of insulting or abusive language.”
In November 2016, Niagara police arrested Bracken, then 39, during a similar protest at Brock University, according to the student paper Brock News. They were charged with assaulting a student and making offensive racial comments.
NEW YORK (AP) — Fox News host Sean Hannity's Twitter account was compromised and was unavailable for a few hours on Saturday, inspiring speculation by their conservative followers that a government cabal they call the "deep state" or a rogue employee could be to blame.
After Hannity's verified Twitter account posted a message that simply and cryptically said "Form Submission 1649," visitors said they were getting a "Sorry, that page doesn't exist" error message. By the time Hannity's account was back up later in the morning, speculation was rampant about the mysterious disappearance.
Fox News referred questions to Twitter, which confirmed the account had been compromised.
"While we normally do not discuss individual accounts, for privacy and security reasons, we have permission from the account owner to confirm that account was briefly compromised," Twitter said by email, without elaborating.
Some Hannity followers blamed shadowy "deep state" government figures looking to take down Hannity, who's a big supporter of President Donald Trump.
"The Deep State is in panic!" tweeted Alex Jones, a far-right radio show host. "Hannity disappears from Twitter after eerie tweet."
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange took to Twitter to observe how Hannity had their account "mysteriously disappear."
Other users were rooting for the theory that a rogue Twitter employee was behind the deactivation. That was Twitter's explanation for an 11-minute outage that took down the Republican president's Twitter account in November.
At the time, Twitter blamed a customer support worker on their or their last day on the job and said it was implementing safeguards to prevent the situation from happening again.
Mea Whakauru
200g softened butter
¾ cup icing sugar
1 cup of plain flour
1 cup of corn flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
Method
Cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Sift flour, cornflour, baking powder. Mix into creamed mixture. Roll into small balls and flatten with a fork on to a greased tray. Bake at 180C for 20 minutes or until golden. Ice with butter or lemon icing.
ICING
1 cup of icing sugar
3 tablespoons hot water
1 teaspoon melted butter
Method
Mix all ingredients until thick and runny. Add in lemon juice for lemon icing.
2016 might not have started off strong for technology stocks, but if the iShares US Technology exchange-traded fund is any indication, they recovered quickly and finished off the year strong. Tech-related stocks look ready to continue their run higher, andselecting strong tech companies can have a huge positive impact on your portfolio over time.
Continue Reading Below
Technology stockscontinue to offer some of the best opportunities for market-beating performance in the year ahead. Image source: Getty Images.
To help investors get off on the right foot in the new year and beyond, we asked three Motley Fool contributors to profile a tech stock that deserves your attention this January. Read on to learn why they selected Ellie Mae (NYSE: ELLI), Shopify (NYSE: SHOP), and TripAdvisor (NASDAQ: TRIP).
The mortgage market cooldown won't last forever
Brian Stoffel(Ellie Mae):Almost immediately following the election of Donald Trump, the average interest rate on a 30-year home loan jumped above 4% for the first time since late 2014.
The fear for investors in Ellie Mae is that business will dry up as mortgage rates go up. The company provides the Encompass platform that allows professionals from every corner of the mortgage industry — lenders, inspection professionals, assessment officials, etc. — to gather and exchange services. Business has been very good over the past few years as homeowners rushed to refinance their loans at historically low rates.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Indeed, higher rates probably will hurt Ellie Mae's business…over the short term. But the long-term view is completely different. Ellie Mae benefits from two of the strongest competitive advantages a company can have: high switching costs and the network effect.
Image source: Getty Images.
When any organization trains all of its employees to use a platform (like Encompass), they are loath to switch, as it takes time, money, and a ton of headaches to do so. That's what having “high switching costs” means.
The network effect takes hold when each additional member of a network further incentivizes others to join. If I'm a home assessment professional, and I join Encompass' network, then other lenders have a motivation to join — as it will be easier to find an assessment official. The virtuous cycle goes on and on.
In 2013, Ellie went through a similar period where the growth in the average revenue per user was actually negative. However, since this is such a fragmented market, Ellie continued to add users and increase revenue. That's simply because there's so much market share to capture. While short-termers are shying away from Ellie Mae right now, I think now's the perfect time to start a position.
Helping entrepreneurs do business online
Brian Feroldi(Shopify): Shopify is an up-and-coming e-commerce platform that makes it easy for small businesses and entrepreneurs to sell their products online.The company's product suite allows these business owners to create a website, display products, collect payments, manage inventory levels, and more. Better yet, the company's platform works on multiple computing platforms, so business owners can reach consumers on desktops, mobile devices, and even onsocial media. With so much functionality built in, it is not hard to understand how Shopify has already convinced more than 325,000 merchants to sign up.
You might think Shopify's business would be at risk of being eaten alive by other tech giants, but you'd be wrong. In fact, almightyAmazon.comrecently shut down its own e-commerce platform and decided topartner with Shopifyinstead. That should give investors a lot of confidence in the company's ability to compete.
Image source: Getty Images.
Looking ahead, Shopify looks built for growth. The company believes itstotal addressable market is more than 46 million businesses. If true, that suggests the company's days of hyper growth are just getting started.
Shopify is currently spending aggressively to build out its capabilities and attract new customers. That's causing the company to show losses on the bottom line, but that will likely be money well spent so long as the company's top line continues to grow at breakneck speeds. If true, then its stock should follow suit. That makes this a great tech stock for growth-focused investors to get to know and consider adding to their portfolios now.
Travel advisory
Rich Duprey (TripAdvisor): It's hard to argue with the notion TripAdvisor was one of the worst tech stocks of 2016, but that just might make it one of the best to buy in January. The short-term headwinds it's facing as it transitions to a mobile-facing model give investors the opportunity to get in at a discount.
The travel site suffered from the twin ailments of falling revenue from fewer travelers booking rooms through its site and rising expenses resulting mostly from marketing efforts to lure them to the site. But a just-signed deal with Expedia (NASDAQ: EXPE) to let customers book some hotels from there on TripAdvisor hints at the transition underway that will transform it from being a simple review site to a reservation service. Without ever having to leave the TripAdvisor site, customers can browse Expedia listings and book a room through its Instant Booking option.
Image source: Getty Images.
The risk, of course, is that it's a highly competitive niche dominated by the likes of Expedia and industry leader Priceline Group. So far, the switchover hasn't been smooth as it needs to better highlight the availability of the option (hence the higher marketing expenses), and anecdotally speaking, it needs to make the process easier once someone chooses to use them.
I recently attempted to book a room using TripAdvisor, but the process was not intuitively easy to navigate such that after several attempts, I aborted the effort and used Expedia. Yet that's likely just a symptom of growing pains as it feels its way along, and though TripAdvisor's stock was rightly punished for its flailing efforts thus far, it suggests that when it does find its footing as gatekeeper, it just might be able to reverse course. The Expedia deal means it ought to draw more customers through its platform and receive a portion of the deal every time a reservation is made.
There's obviously no guarantee TripAdvisor will be able to bring more customers in and then convert them to its services, but I'm seeing the Expedia deal as one that helps boost future sales and earnings, and after having lost nearly half of its value in 2016, January is a good time to buy and capture the recovery its stock may enjoy in 2017.
10 stocks we like better than TripAdvisor
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…and TripAdvisor wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of Nov. 7, 2016.
Brian Feroldi owns shares of AMZN, ELLI, PCLN, and TRIP. Brian Stoffel owns shares of AMZN, ELLI, and PCLN. Rich Duprey has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends AMZN, ELLI, PCLN, SHOP, and TRIP. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fool may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
(AP Photo/Cliff Owen). Bags lay on the ground near an automobile with a bullet hole in its windshield in the parking lot of the ball field in Alexandria, Va., Wednesday, June 14, 2017, which was the scene of a multiple shooting involving House Majority...
(AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File). FILE - In this Jan. 13, 2017 file photo, an AR-15 rifle with an U.S. flag and the phrase "United We Stand" is sen during a gun-rights rally at the Capitol in Olympia, Wash. Whatever the motive of the shooter at a congres...
(AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite). A Capitol Hill Police officer stands their post at the entrance to the House of Representatives on Capitol Hill in Washington, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, after House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La., and others, were inju...
(St. Clair County Illinois Sheriff's Department via AP). This 1992 photo provided by the St. Clair County. Ill., Sheriff's Department shows James T. Hodgkinson. Officials said Hodgkinson has been identified as the man who opened fire on Republican lawm...
(AP Photo/Cliff Owen). A car window marked as evidence with a marker by an FBI Evidence Response Team member is seen at the scene of a shooting in Alexandria, Va., Wednesday, June 14, 2017, where House Majority Steve Scalise of La., and others, were sh...
By MEGHAN HOYER and CALVIN WOODWARDAssociated Press
ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP) - First came the ping of baseball bats, a familiar sound of the leafy neighborhood's morning. Then the crack of gunfire, which isn't.
It started with a single pop, which for a split second was not alarming to the Republican members of Congress who had gathered for a final practice before a charity baseball game with Democrats this week. As one lawmaker would later note, it could have been a car backfiring.
Then, after a pause, the gunshots came in quick succession and the horror unfolded in the Del Ray neighborhood of Alexandria, home to many federal workers, lawyers and lobbyists who commute across the river to Washington.
A member of congress, two Capitol police officers, a lobbyist and a legislative aide were wounded as lawmakers, some fighting back tears, sought to understand what had happened and why. In a hail of bullets, police killed the gunman.
"You never expect a baseball field in America to feel like being back in a combat zone in Iraq," said Ohio Rep. Brad Wenstrup, an Army reservist who served as a combat surgeon in Iraq and was on the field Wednesday when the shooting began. "But this morning it did."
They had gathered on this muggy morning, trading suits and ties for sneakers and baseball caps, to practice for Thursday's annual left-right match-up, a friendly Democratic-Republican rivalry for charity in a capital otherwise poisonous in its partisanship.
Alabama Rep. Mo Brooks had bicycled nine miles to make the 6:30 a.m. start. More than 20 Republican members from the House and Senate showed up.
The baseball park, home to the T.C. Williams High School Titans, sits in a lively part of Alexandria. On weekdays, locals head off to work and school. People come and go at the nearby YMCA. Homeowners stroll the sidewalks, walking their dogs.
So it hardly seemed unusual when a man approached Rep. Jeff Duncan of South Carolina in the baseball field parking lot.
Their question was pointed: "'Excuse me sir, who's practicing today? Democrats or Republicans?'" Duncan recalled. "And I said it's the Republican team. They said, 'OK, thanks' and turned around." Duncan then left, saying later, "It was the guy they've identified as the shooter."
Rep. Steve Pearce of New Mexico was taking swings in the batting cage along the first base side when they noticed a bystander near the third base dugout. Within seconds, as Pearce left the batting cage and headed toward the dugout, the shooting started. "I saw the shooter clearly with their rifle, aimed and shooting around one corner of a building," they said in a video statement.
Chaos ensued. Lawmakers dove for cover. Gravel bounced as shots hit the ground.
From inside Swing's coffee shop directly across from the field, manager Jon "Scott" Mosel described the popping of gunfire. "Then a wave of players frantically running. It was absolutely frantic. We didn't know if they were being chased." The players ran from the first base side of the field across a basketball court and either jumped a fence into a nearby dog park or ran up the hill and crossed the street toward the coffee shop, they said.
Brooks hit the ground with a few others behind the batting cage, but quickly realized that didn't provide much cover. The gunman wasn't spraying bullets but rather taking aim, so there was a "little bit of time between shots."
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, the third-ranking Republican in the House, was fielding balls on second base when a gunshot crumpled him, Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake said. The 51-year-old Scalise, serving their fifth congressional term, dragged themselves 10 to 15 yards into the outfield to try to get away, Flake said, leaving a bloody trail.
Marty LaVor, a retired Capitol Hill worker, was taking pictures by first base when they saw a man holding a rifle behind a chain-link fence by third base. LaVor saw Scalise go down, then a Capitol police officer.
"Almost within an instant, and I don't remember the time, somebody saidm 'Get in the dugout.' And they said it with such authority. You remember when you were a kid, and your parents said something? This was that sound."
LaVor got in the dugout.
The 911 call went out at 7:09 a.m. To those in the line of fire, it seemed an eternity before city police arrived, but in reality it took just three minutes. Brooks said the Capitol officers were armed only with pistols, and "taking on a guy with a rifle from 90-120 feet away. It wasn't a fair fight."
When Capitol police began firing, Brooks said, they were so close that they initially feared a second shooter was involved. Congress members helped apply a tourniquet to the injured leg of Zachary Barth, legislative correspondent for Rep. Roger Williams of Texas, as the shooting continued. Scalise, too, was attended to by their colleagues on the field.
Katie Filous, an attorney who was walking their dogs near the field, dropped to the ground when they heard "a lot of shots." A uniformed officer got out of a car, drew a handgun and shouted something to the assailant, they said. They saw the officer get hit with a bullet, and later evacuated by helicopter.
Three hours after the attack, Brooks still wore a batting glove, with dirt from lying face first in the dugout still smeared across their navy blue T-shirt, as they and other lawmakers at the scene described the attack to the AP.
Falisa Peoples, who teaches an exercise class at the YMCA, was walking to their car when they saw a man in shorts and a T-shirt firing. They thought, at first, it was a drill or a paintball game.
"He was very calm," they said. "He was just walking and shooting as if it was just like they were practicing." They recalled no other noise until they heard a police officer command, "Get down!" Peoples dropped their belongings and ran back to the Y, banging on the side door until someone let them in.
Rep. Chuck Fleischmann of Tennessee passed the shooter on their way into the dugout to hide. "He decided not to shoot me," they would later tell CNN. "The fear factor was horrific. There was blood all over, it was horrible." They said if the gunman had come after them in the dugout, "we would have been sitting ducks."
It was over in a matter of minutes. At least 70 shots could be heard in a video. Members of Congress credited the Capitol police officers with shooting the gunman, though authorities did not immediately confirm who shot him. They died in the hospital.
Scalise underwent surgery for a wound to the hip, and was in critical condition. Matt Mika, the lobbyist and a former congressional aide, was also in critical condition, with multiple wounds. Special Agents David Bailey and Crystal Griner of the U.S. Capitol Police, as well as Barth, were expected to recover fully.
The attacker was identified as James T. Hodgkinson of Illinois. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders said on the Senate floor that Hodgkinson apparently was a volunteer for their campaign last year. Police are investigating the attacker's motive, their associates and their social media posts.
Hours later, surrounded by crime scene tape, the field was still set for batting practice. A mobile backstop curved behind home plate, near metal bats. A crate full of baseballs sat near the pitcher's mound, and balls were scattered on the field among medical bags and supplies. Behind first base, next to a large medical bag, sat a single baseball shoe.
Off the field on the first base side, a medical gurney.
___
Associated Press writers Chad Day, Matthew Barakat, Kevin Freking, Michael Biesecker, Ben Finley and Erica Werner contributed to this report. Woodward reported from Washington.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Manchester United left-back Luke Shaw has grown frustrated with manager Jose Mourinho's treatment of them at the club but will not be forced to leave the club. Shaw was substituted at half-time in United's 2-0 victory over Brighton Hove Albion in the quarterfinals of the FA Cup after which Mourinho publically criticised the left back's performance in the game.
Luke Shaw's Manchester United future has been left in uncertainties after manager Jose Mourinho's latest criticism of the left-back. Shaw's season has been heavily inconsistent due to injuries and lack of first team football, however, the England international is nowhere close to Old Trafford exit as speculated by the media. Mourinho was largely critical of all their players after a 2-0 win against Brighton Hove and Albion in the FA Cup quarterfinals and stated that they were not happy with Shaw's performance in the game which is why they had to replace them at halftime.
Mourinho might not be fully convinced of Shaw's performance in Manchester United's FA Cup victory but the defender will not be forced to leave the club against their wishes, the player is also reportedly willing to fight back to their manager's good books and see out their contract at Old Trafford. As per a Guardian report, “Shaw is understood not to have made a final decision on their future and may choose to see out the final season of their contract and leave on a free in summer 2019.” The former Southampton defender is wanting to make a move in 2019 as they will have more clubs to chose from as a free agent and could also demand a handsome signing-on fee in turn.
The 22-year-old was started in United's 2-0 win over Brighton but was substituted in the second half despite being involved in Romelu Lukaku's 37th-minute opener. As per reports in the British media, people close to Shaw have been left frustrated with Mourinho's ‘unfair' treatment of the player. “Luke, in the first half, every time they came in their corridor, the cross came in and a dangerous situation was coming,” Mourinho had said about Luke Shaw's performance in the first half against Brighton. Adding that, “I was not happy with their performance.” This was not the first time Mourinho had publicly criticised Shaw, having previously putting them under the scanner for lacklustre displays and lack of commitment to training.
ALSO READ: Paul Pogba slammed by Manchester United fans for posting pictures of new hairstyle on Instagram
It will be interesting to see how Manchester United and Mourinho handle a 22-year-old left-back who is undoubtedly one of the best young talents in English football presently. On Monday, United triggered the one-year extension in Ashley Young's contract to keep them at the club till 2019. Which means Young will continue giving Shaw a stern competition for a spot in the current United team.
ALSO READ: Manchester United's season not successful regardless of FA Cup triumph, insists Nemanja Matic
For all the latest Sports News, download NewsX App
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: kasapafmonline.com
2017-10-06
Former president John Mahama
The opposition NDC Greater Accra Regional Organizer, Anthony Nupkenu has launched a scathing attack on managers of government Communications under ex-President John Mahama's administration, accusing them of doing a terrible job at publicizing the achievements of that regime.
Describing them as “foolish”, Anthony Nukpenu claimed their poor performance led to a lot of government achievement being hidden from the people, while the NPP is taking credit for a project, it knows nothing about.
Anthony Nukpenu raised these concerns while commenting on President Akufo Addo's apparent snub of President Mahama over their effort in initiating a project which is said to have been implemented under the former leader's regime.
The NDC has accused the President of showing bad faith and urged them to apologise to former president Mahama after they claimed that the Jambusie Water Project was initiated by President Kufuor.
But the NPP insists the president was right for crediting Mr. Kufuor for the project as they initiated it.
Speaking to Host Akwasi Nsiah on Simiso on Kasapa FM Wednesday, Anthony Nikpenu commended the Upper West Regional Communications wing of the NDC for vehemently setting the records straight on the water projects.
“Many things were hidden from the people of Ghana and even we NDC members, so today, the NPP goes out there and make political meat out of NDC achievement and you see us the very people they relegated to the background coming to defend it. Today, the Upper West Regional Communications wing of the NDC who are making things clear, how were they treated when we were in government. Why is the likes of those guys not talking today, where are they?
“The foolishness they displayed in government has given the NPP the urge today to run after anything good that the finest President of the land [Mahama] did. Ex-President Mahama entrusted these guys with positions to propagate the good works of their government, but these guys failed woefully.
“Till today, we still have tonnes of ‘Green Book' lying in peoples bedrooms and warehouse when these books were meant to be shared to Ghanaians, they were treating it like cocaine. They should chew the books now, this is the kind of foolish attitude put up by Ministers of state who is a ex President Mahama out of good heart and wisdom put them in positions…look today if Akufo Addo goes to Tema and commissions the Tema Housing Project, I'll not be surprised because this one of the projects that were finished, TDC had wanted the president to come and commission but people around the President refused when we did the programme to go and commission as part of our campaign tour. Those communication managers of the President refused to go, thinking that they were doing things to spite some of us.
“Today Akufo Addo will go and commission it and take credit. A project that was done under ex-President Mahama's flight attendantship through the board of Directors they appointed. President Akufo Addo will make public noise about something they have no knowledge of because, we have people that when we were dealing with them, they thought they were gods, nonsense!”
DETROIT — Jose Iglesias' two-run single keyed a Detroit's five-run sixth as the Tigers took advantage of Shohei Ohtani's departure following the second rain delay to beat the Los Angeles Angels 6-1 Wednesday night.
Ohtani, starting for the first time since May 20th, allowed one run ond three hits in five innings. They walked three and struck out five while throwing 83 pitches.
Tigers starter Mike Fiers was also knocked out by the second rain delay in the top of the sixth, allowing one run and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings.
The Tigers quickly took the lead in the bottom of the sixth, loading the bases against Cam Bedrosian (1-1) on a single, a walk and a hit by pitch. Greyson Greiner struck out, but Iglesias lined a two-run single to centre to put Detroit ahead 3-1. Dixon Machado grounded to short, but Andrelton Simmons' throw to the plate was too late to get JaCoby Jones.
HELSINKI (AP) — Police in Sweden say they are investigating an attempted arson at a Jewish cemetery.
Remnants of two glass bottles with flammable contents were found Monday near the chapel at the cemetery in Malmo, Sweden's third-largest city.
It is unclear when the bottles were thrown, but police think it was between Friday evening and Monday morning.
Malmo police spokesperson Nils Norling told Swedish broadcaster SVT that if there was a fire, it wasn't a major one.
Jewish community spokesperson Fredrik Sieradzki says there were no injuries and the chapel wasn't damaged.
The discovery followed the arrests of three people for allegedly throwing firebombs at a synagogue in the Swedish city of Goteborg on Saturday.
A protest in Malmo of the Trump administration's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital included anti-Semitic slogans on Friday.
The top U.S. military officer said Monday that the United States wants to peacefully resolve a deepening standoff with North Korea but is also ready to use the "full range" of its military capabilities in case of provocation.
Magnet Cove parents line their kids up for pictures before the first day of school on Monday, Aug. 21.
An $800-million settlement with Sixties Scoop survivors announced Friday shows the federal government is getting “smarter” in negotiating such agreements, according to a lawyer involved in one of the class-action lawsuits.
The settlement, which will see survivors receive between $25,000 and $50,000 each, seems designed to avoid the unchecked cost of the residential school settlement agreement, as well as unethical practices on the part of lawyers representing survivors.
“The federal government is getting smarter, in some ways, as they move forward,” said Steven Cooper, lead counsel for a Sixties Scoop class-action lawsuit in Alberta, one of 18 across the country. “I really think that this settlement represents the paradigm for settlements in the future.”
On Friday, Crown-Indigenous Relations and Northern Affairs Minister Carolyn Bennett announced the government has reached an agreement in principle with victims of the Sixties Scoop — Indigenous people who were removed from their homes by child-welfare officials and raised by non-Indigenous families.
The agreement includes a maximum of $750 million for individual victims, and an additional $50 million to establish a healing foundation to help Indigenous people learn about their traditional languages and culture.
Chief Marcia Brown Martel, the lead plaintiff in the Ontario class-action suit, said the agreement leaves them hopeful. “I have great hope that because we've reached this plateau that this will never, ever happen in Canada again,” they told reporters.
But unlike the historic settlement reached with the survivors of residential schools in 2005, this agreement is capped. Survivors will not receive more than $50,000 each, and may receive as little as $25,000, depending on how many claimants come forward.
In contrast, the residential school settlement had no cap, and the $2.8 billion originally estimated in payments to former students has swollen to $4.7 billion and counting, due to a larger-than-expected number of claimants.
That's the reason this latest agreement has an upper limit, Cooper said. “I think the federal government recognizes that there isn't a bottomless pit of tax dollars to spend on these things.”
It's still unclear how the money will be doled out. The government has estimated there are about 16,000 people who will be eligible to receive payments, though more could come forward. Cooper said it's difficult to know with certainty how many survivors are out there, as many grew up outside Canada.
“We don't know how many people even are aware of their background,” they said.
The government would have to receive 30,000 claims before reaching the $750 million cap, if each claimant received the minimum $25,000 payment.
Earlier this year, reports suggested that Ottawa wanted each claimant's story to be assessed individually before awarding damages, but it now seems the process will involve a simpler application.
In another departure from the residential school settlement, the Sixties Scoop agreement will set aside $75 million for claimants' lawyers, who will not be permitted to charge their clients any part of their award.
In the wake of the residential school settlement, some lawyers charged survivors so much relative to the amount of time they spent on their claims that they were eventually ordered to pay back fees, including one who had to pay back more than $2 million.
“(This) removes any suggestion that what the lawyers are doing or have done will have any impact on the people who are getting money from the compensation fund,” Cooper said.
On Friday, Bennett said the agreement is an important first step, and an apology to Sixties Scoop survivors will follow.
“I don't know what people were thinking,” they told reporters. “That secure, personal cultural identity is the key to health outcomes, education outcomes, economic outcomes. And that was locked away because somebody thought that some non-Indigenous family somewhere else in the world was going to do a better job.”
Still, not every survivor is pleased with the outcome. Peter Van Name, a member of the Mikisew Cree First Nation in Alberta who was raised in New Jersey, said the amount of the payments is a “slap in the face.”
That secure, personal cultural identity is the key to health outcomes, education outcomes, economic outcomes. And that was locked away because somebody thought that some non-Indigenous family somewhere else in the world was going to do a better job
Van Name reconnected with their mother when they were 22, and said they went through years of hurt and despair.
“I think we still have to heal from the whole adoption thing,” they said. “Me and her, we don't talk about it, because it's painful. It's still out there.”
The agreement comes after an Ontario Superior Court judge ruled in February that Canada had failed in its duty of care to Sixties Scoop survivors.
The settlement is expected to put an end to the 18 class-action lawsuits across the country, though some issues have yet to be resolved, including allegations of abuse from some survivors. The agreement must be approved in court, which likely won't happen before May.
• Email: mforrest@postmedia.com | Twitter: MauraForrest
North Korea will continue to test missiles despite the growing tensions between the U.S. and its allies and Pyongyang, a senior North Korea official said Monday.
“We'll be conducting more missile tests on a weekly, monthly and yearly basis,” Vice Foreign Minister Han Song Ryol told BBC, adding that “all-out war” would occur if the U.S. took military action.
Han reiterated North Korea's position that it would react with a “nuclear pre-emptive strike by our own style and method” should the U.S. plan a military attack on the country.
Tensions have escalated over North Korean moves to accelerate its weapons development. The North conducted two nuclear tests and 24 ballistic missile tests last year, defying six Security Council sanctions resolutions banning any testing, and it has conducted additional missile tests this year including one this past weekend that failed.
North Korea's deputy U.N. ambassador Kim In Ryong said during a news conference that the U.S. was turning the Korean Peninsula into “the world's biggest hotspot” and creating “a dangerous distuation in which a thermonuclear war may break out at any moment.”
They said the Trump administration's deployment of the Carl Vinson nuclear carrier task group to waters off the Korean Peninsula again “proves the U.S. reckless moves for invading the DPRK have reached a serious phase of its scenario.”
Kim stressed that U.S.-South Korean military exercises being staged now are the largest-ever “aggressive war drill” aimed at their country, formally the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
“The prevailing grave situation proves once again that the DPRK was entirely just when it increased in every way its military capabilities for self-defense and pre-emptive attack with a nuclear force as a pivot,” they said.
Kim spoke on the day Vice President Pence kicked off their 10-day Asian tour in South Korea. Pence travelled to the demilitarized zone separating the North and South and warned Pyongyang that after years of testing the U.S. and South Korea with nuclear ambitions, “the era of strategic patients is over.”
Pence, on Tuesday, reassured Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe that the U.S. is ready to work closely with its Asian allies in the region to achieve “a peaceable resolution and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.”
“We appreciate the challenging times in which the people of Japan live with increasing provocations from across the Sea of Japan,” Pence said. “We are with you 100 percent.”
At the outset of their meeting, Pence reiterated to Abe their statement in South Korea that the United States has run out of patience with Pyongyang's moves.
“While all options are on the table,” Pence said, “President Trump is determined to work closely with Japan, with South Korea, with all our allies in the region, and with China” to resolve the problem.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Click for more from BBC.
This spring's heavy rain in the Lake Ontario region had quite an impact on homeowners, but it also affected the water offshore. The rainfall overwhelmed sewage systems in cities around the lake, and pushed tens of millions of gallons of raw sewage into the water.
Mike Garland is the director of environmental services for Rochester and the rest of Monroe County, N.Y., which means he's in charge of showing off the county's waste water treatment center.
“It's a dirty job, but someone's gotta do it,” they say, walking through the facility.
Garland says this facility treats about 100 million gallons of sewage per day. Most days, everything works as it should, and no untreated sewage winds up in Lake Ontario.
But when a big rain floods the sewage pipes, the center can't always keep up.
“The system wasn't designed to handle every storm event," Garland says. "We know we can have very intense storm events."
One such event occurred on May 1. That day, five U.S. and Canadian cities dumped nearly 90 million gallons of untreated sewage into Lake Ontario.
Emergency overflows in Rochester and Oswego, N.Y., as well as Hamilton, Toronto, and Kingston, Ontario, were all caused by record amounts of rainfall.
Such a huge amount of sewage can be harmful, says Gary Pettibone, professor of biology at Buffalo State College.
Sewage carries bacteria and organisms that can harm people when released into public waterways, they say. “If you ingest this water, you run the risk of ingesting pathogens which can cause disease."
Pettibone says it can also hurt the environment. Sewage can feed clusters of bacteria that suck up all the oxygen in the water.
“And in some cases where it gets severe, you end up with fish kills,” they say.
May 1 was a particularly bad day for sewage overflow into Lake Ontario, as were a few other days this spring. But this isn't a new phenomenon.
The Alliance for the Great Lakes reports that tens of billions of gallons of untreated sewage make their way into the Great Lakes every year. A big part of the problem comes in older cities, where storm water and sewage flow through the same pipes.
Some municipalities are taking steps to curb the issue. Years ago, Monroe County built giant holding tanks to store runoff during rain storms. In a lot of ways, it's working -- Rochester's contribution to sewage runoff this spring was less than the other cities.
Toronto, by comparison, has not upgraded its infrastructure in that way. It contributed more than 85 percent of the total sewage released into Lake Ontario on that day in May.
Jim Howe, director of the Nature Conservancy for Western New York, says besides costly infrastructure improvements, there are other ways cities can improve. One is by helping rain stay out of the sewer.
“If we can let it get into the ground and naturally percolate, we won't have to deal with things like combined sewer overflows," they say. "And you can do things like green roofs, you can do swales along roadways, street trees."
And all that, they say, will help keep Lake Ontario clean.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crystal Palace manager Roy Hodgson has explained how Christian Benteke found themselves taking the Eagles' decisive penalty in the two-all draw with Bournemouth on Saturday afternoon.
The Belgian goalscorer, who is yet to find the net this season, took the ball from Luka Milivojevic before having their penalty comfortably saved by Asmir Begovic, after Wilfried Zaha had been felled in the area.
The Serbian midfielder had already convincingly put away a penalty earlier in the game and was set to take a second before Benteke persuaded them otherwise.
The Eagles boss said the reason the 27-year-old took the penalty was simple.
They said: "The fact is that they were very confident. They played well in the game and felt very confident they were going to score that penalty and they persuaded Luka to let them take it and Luka accepted that.
"This is something that happens when you work a long time with football players, it is not the first time I have come across that type of situation.
"It was quite simply that they wanted it, they were convinced they would score it, they felt good about their game and unfortunately it didn't work out
"As a result no-one is more devastated by the fact that the penalty was missed and we didn't get three points but there are no guarantees Luka would have scored it either."
While Hodgson admitted they couldn't be pleased by Benteke's desire to take the penalty, they were pleased with the forward's reaction.
The 70-year-old said: "Sometimes you don't even need to mention it. What's the point of kicking someone when they're lying on the ground?
"You don't need to be told about those mistakes. You might need to be told about mistakes you're making in terms of how you play the game tactically, which you're not aware of.
"What you hope for, when something like this happens, is that the player concerned does exactly what Benteke has done: at the first real opportunity, which wasn't in the dressing room after the game when we've suffered this disappointment, we didn't lose but we felt like we'd lost.
"The first opportunity, this morning, they get the players around, says their piece – he's already said it to me – that's a strong and correct thing to do, and they make it perfectly clear, ‘I took this responsibility; I shouldn't have done because I'm breaking ranks, I'm not obeying team instructions, so I apologise for that, but I'm now going to get on with it', and once more, I'm pretty sure he'll make it up to us."
COLUMBUS, Ohio — As Ohio seeks to recover over $60 million from a giant online charter school that closed, the attorney general says the school founder and their two businesses should be on the hook for that public funding.
Founder Bill Lager's for-profit companies were paid to provide management and software services for the Electronic Classroom of Tomorrow.
In a court filing, Attorney General Mike DeWine argues that violated Lager's fiduciary duty to ECOT and that the public contracts were void. DeWine indicated he'll seek to recover money from Lager and the companies.
An ECOT attorney isn't commenting on that.
ECOT has challenged how Ohio tallied student participation to determine a clawback of nearly $80 million, some of which already was collected. ECOT is awaiting an Ohio Supreme Court ruling in that case.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Getty Image
The 2017-2018 season has been something of a struggle for Russell Westbrook and the Oklahoma City Thunder. Just months after winning their first NBA MVP award by averaging a triple-double and setting the league record for triple-doubles in a season, Westbrook's issues with efficiency have been magnified through one-third of the season.
Meanwhile, the Thunder are fighting to even reach the .500 mark despite talent that would indicate performance far better than that should be taking place. The thought of a team with Westbrook, Paul George, and Carmelo Anthony should be better in theory than it has been so far.
In one fell swoop on Monday evening, though, Westbrook appeared to release quite a bit of their individual and team-based frustration and the victim was Charlotte Hornets forward Michael Kidd-Gilchrist.
LISTEN: ETR is back with an episode focused on Homegrowns and the MLS academy system. Designated Players are great, but there's nothing better than seeing a local boy make it at the top level. FC Dallas' Kellyn Acosta did just that and joins the guys from preseason camp in Argentina to explain how it happened. Then Sporting KC academy director Jon Parry calls in to explain how he's going about developing the next crop of stars in Kansas City You won't want to miss any shows leading up to opening day, so be sure to subscribe on iTunes!
We know it's hard to wait for the 2017 MLS season. That's why we put together a 10-show run to take you throw March 3, including another ExtraTime Extravaganza leading up to Opening Weekend. Might as well just subscribe on iTunes now.
First up, a show devoted to Homegrowns and the academy system, the conveyor belt of talent that clubs (and the US and Canadian national teams) hope will sustain them long term.
Matt Doyle gives their thoughts on the 2017 Homegrown class, then Sporting KC academy director Jon Parry joins Andrew and David to explain why producing talent from within is so important. And while the "why" is crucial to the process, it's all about the "how" when it comes to producing future pros, and Parry goes deep to help listeners understand what SKC are doing to seed their first team with local (and recruited) talent.
FC Dallas and USMNT midfielder Kellyn Acosta is a Homegrown success story, and they call in from preseason camp in Argentina to tell their own story -- from the U13s to the first team. When and why did they join the academy? How did FC Dallas help them make the jump from grassroots to the pros? What's next for one of the most talented young players in the league? MLSsoccer.com and iTunes listeners get the full story!
In the mailbag, the guys decide the fandom of an unborn child and discuss (then cross an entry off of) a rather creative MLS bucket list.
DOWNLOAD THE SHOW | SUBSCRIBE ON ITUNES
Transcript for What foods solely belong on the kids' menu?
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
DURHAM, N.C. — Lexie Brown scored 32 points, Haley Gorecki added a career-high 20 and No. 14 Duke cruised to a 101-30 win over Winthrop on Sunday.
Brown was 14 of 22 from the field, two more field goals than the Eagles had (12 of 46). Gorecki went 7 of 11, including 5 of 7 behind the arc for the Blue Devils (8-2), who shot 61 per cent for the game (42 of 69).
Rebecca Greenwell, who is two 3-pointers shy of setting the Duke record with 253, did not suit up with knee pain that has them listed as day-to-day. They went 0-7 behind the arc in their last two games, only the second time in their career they went without a 3 in back-to-back games.
Kayla Brown had 12 points for Winthrop (1-8), who had 28 turnovers that Duke cashed in for 45 points.
Duke closed out the first quarter with a 14-2 run to lead 28-5 and ended the first half on a 17-2 run to make it 52-12, its highest-scoring half of the season and reached 100 points for the first time.
BARREN COUNTY, KY (WAVE) - The body of a Kentucky woman was found on top of a building in a town square in Barren County.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
News & Weather Apps
Thirty-year-old Krystal Mitchell was found at about 10 a.m. Monday on the roof of the public square's Allstate building.
They were identified Monday night.
It's not clear how they died or how they got on top of the building.
No other information was immediately available.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
EDMONTON — The Alberta government has reached a new agreement with physicians that calls for no fee increases for two years.
The deal that runs until March 31, 2020, covers about 10,000 doctors who are members of the Alberta Medical Association.
Health Minister Sarah Hoffman says the agreement will save the government about $95 million.
Hoffman notes the province has similar no-increase deals with unions that represent nurses and other health professionals.
Dr. Neil Cooper, president of the association, says 89 per cent of physicians who voted are in favour of the agreement.
The province and the AMA reached the tentative deal after months of negotiations that focused on government concerns about health spending and its budget.
WARREN, Ohio (WYTV) – Several officers are moving up the ranks at the Warren Police Department.
Four officers were promoted Monday morning during a ceremony at Warren City Council.
Bryan Holmes and Gregory Coleman were promoted to lieutenants while Mark Krempasky and Timothy Parana were promoted to sergeants.
“They'll have first line responsibility in managing and dealing with the troops in the field. They'll also remain in the field themselves, and it's just a proud day for the city,” said Warren Safety Service Director Mauro Cantalamessa.
The promotions come through retirements in the department and the passage of income tax last year that is allowing those positions to be filled.
An internal government probe headed by MEA on Wednesday, July 4, said that the Lucknow passport officer named Vikas Mishra was wrong to ask irrelevant questions to the interfaith couple when they visited their office for passport application. the incident sparked controversy after the passport official allegedly harassed the couple and asked the women to convert to Hinduism.
On June 20, an interfaith couple in Uttar Pradesh's Lucknow was allegedly harassed by a passport official
An internal government investigation headed by the External Affairs Ministry (MEA) found that the Lucknow passport officer was not correct to ask the inter-faith couple inapt questions about their religion when they came to their office with their passport application. According to a report published by the Deccan Chronicle, Uttar Pradesh Police was also wrong in finding the couple's residence and other details while carrying out the verification process.
On June 20, an interfaith couple in Uttar Pradesh's Lucknow was allegedly harassed by a passport official. The woman, Tanvi Seth and their husband Mohammad Anas Siddiqui went to a passport office to apply for a passport.
ALSO READ: CM Yogi plans to introduce dress code for madrasas, Muslim clerics say government should not worry
According to media reports, the officer refused to the wife clearance since they were married to a Muslim man and had not changed their name. The officer also allegedly asked the woman to convert to Hinduism.
Meanwhile, External Affairs minister Sushma Swaraj faced trolls on Twitter after the MEA transferred the Lucknow passport official Vikas Mishra after they allegedly harassed the couple.
ALSO READ: Uttar Pradesh: 15-year-old girl murdered by parents for having relationship with neighbour in Tewda village
They further said that Lucknow passport officer did exceed their brief. further examination of the police verification found that they overstepped in finding out irrelevant details about the couple.
On Monday, the passport of Tanvi Seth was cleared by the Lucknow Regional Passport Office (RPO) as the Local Intelligence Unit (LIU) did not file any reported related to the 6-pointers which were mentioned in the new passport verification rules.
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Read More
ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) – Former major league baseball player Alex Rodriguez knows a lot about home runs. It turns out they also know a lot about homes of the real estate kind.
Rodriguez has become a real estate investor.
 They are speaking Tuesday before real estate professionals in Orlando ahead of the Florida Realtors' convention and trade expo.
Rodriguez's private investment firm owns apartment buildings in the Mid-Atlantic region, Florida and Texas.
The firm owns and manages 13,000 apartment units in 10 states. They also own a Florida-based construction management firm.
Rodriguez hit 696 home runs in a 22-year big league career, including 351 during 12 seasons with the New York Yankees.
They had 14 All-Star appearances and three American League MVP awards.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>> BACK TO TOP STORIES
Luciano Spalletti is calling for calm from their Inter players as they gear up for their first Milan derby as head coach.
Inter and AC Milan head into the season's first Derby della Madonnina in contrasting form, with Spalletti's men two points off top in Serie A while their rivals have lost their last two matches.
And the former Roma coach is excited about a taste of one of Europe's iconic clashes, although they are keen to ensure their players have the right mindset.
"It's an insane match, marvellous," they said, speaking at an event to announce Inter's partnership with Volvo.
"You can feel the different atmosphere in the city, we can feel the heartbeat of our fans and we feel the sense of responsibility - but we have to be calm ahead of the game and have a clear idea."
Spalletti is now hoping the current international break will not slow Inter's early-season momentum after six league wins from seven.
They added: "The absence of international players [in training] complicates things, but we're used to it and we need to be a bit more fortunate with travel time and the energy used.
"We're looking to be ready for every eventuality, but this is football and you don't get a lot of time and so you need to try to recover quickly."
Two goals on their competitive Old Trafford debut was not quite the perfect start to life at Manchester United for Romelu Lukaku, who claims they wanted a hat-trick against West Ham on Sunday.
The Belgian striker netted a brace in a 4-0 victory as United opened their 2017-18 Premier League campaign in some style, giving cause for plenty of early season optimism among supporters of the Red Devils.
In centre-forward Lukaku, prised away from Everton for a reported initial fee of £75million, fans have a key reason to believe their team is capable of challenging for a first league title since 2012-13.
And it appears the Belgium international is not easily satisfied.
Asked by MUTV if they could have hoped for more, Lukaku replied with a wry smile: "I wished to have three goals and a hat-trick to be fair, that would have been nicer.
4 - Romelu Lukaku is the 4th @ManUtd player to score a brace on their Premier League debut (also Van Nistelrooy, Wilson, Rashford). Presence. pic.twitter.com/ychSlDR6Ox — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) August 13, 2017
"The manager had a plan that we executed well. The fans were delighted with our performance, it was really offensive and we kept a clean sheet, which is good as well for the defenders. Overall it was a good team performance."
As for how it felt to pull on a United shirt following spells with Chelsea, West Brom on loan and Everton, ex-Anderlecht man Lukaku said: "I was thinking about it a lot during the week. I had a conversation with Paul [Pogba] as well this morning.
"I was excited in the warm up, the fans greeting much and just running around, feeling the atmosphere.
"I'm really privileged to play for the biggest club in the world. I want to keep working hard and deliver more than I'm doing now.
"I just woke up and had a good feeling, I knew it would be a good day."
NORFOLK, Va. (AP) -- Randy Haynes scored 16 points with four 3-pointers, B.J. Stith, Ahmad Caver and Xavier Green added 11 points apiece, and Old Dominion held off UAB 65-60 on Saturday night.
Trey Porter scored 10 points with nine rebounds for the Monarchs (17-5, 8-2 Conference USA), who scored 23 points off of 18 Blazers turnovers.
Chris Cokley scored eight straight and UAB led 39-34 early in the second half, but the Monarchs stayed close and led 52-51 on Caver's 3 with 5:19 to go. The lead traded hands until Porter's jumper put Old Dominion up 60-58 with 1:58 left. UAB closed to 63-60 on Nick Norton's layup with eight seconds left, but B.J. Stith iced it with two free throws and Norton's 3 at the buzzer missed.
Old Dominion led 30-29 at halftime on Haynes' 3-pointer after eight lead changes and 10 ties.
Cokley scored 16 points, Zack Bryant had 14 and William Lee 10 for the Blazers (15-9, 6-5).
You get two for the price of one with the Creagh/Carr Review – the opinions of seasoned hackette Bev Creagh and flamboyant newshound Stewart Carr. Here's what they thought of Love From a Stranger, playing at Milton Keynes Theatre until Saturday, July 7.
CREAGH SAYS .... When I was a little girl, my mother told me if I couldn't say anything nice, not to say anything at all. That's all well and good – unless you happen to be writing a review.
Well, let's see – the music was dark and menacing, setting the scene. The set was stark and effective, with strip sections that moved from side to side.
But oh dear – the story. And the casting. Came out wishing I'd stayed home and watched England beat Colombia, even though I'm no footie fan.
Because the play was written by Agatha Christie (and Frank Vosper), I mistakenly thought I was in for an entertaining whodunit in a glamorous country-house setting with loads of posh-speaking suspicious characters.
Should have done my homework! It's billed as a ‘chilling and tense psychological thriller' but you could have fooled me.
Girl ditches fiancé of five years after winning stash of cash, takes up with dodgey American who comes to rent their flat. But there's a twist in the tale – and no doubt you've sussed that too.
Helen Bradbury as Cecily Harrington, the upper class gel craving excitement after their big win, looks more like someone's maiden aunt than a young ingenue, although they do do a good line in flirtatious archery. But Sam Frenchum simply doesn't cut the mustard in the role of suave American Bruce Lovell, the shady photographer allegedly swept off their feet by simpering Cecily.
There is no chemistry whatsoever between them, in spite of several raunchy scenes bordering on the pornographic.
Jilted fiancé Michael Lawrence (Justin Avoth) is one of the few believable characters in this clunky tale while Gareth Williams is magnificent as Hodgson the gardener.
Ethel the maid may have raised a few laughs but Molly Logan's performance was more suited to farce than serious theatre.
The only truly Christie characters were Alice Haig as Mavis and Nicola Sanderson as Auntie Loulou.
All I can say is no wonder this particular offering from the pen of the doyenne has stayed on the shelf for so long.
CARR SAYS .... Oh Agatha, this was not your finest moment!
The classic talespinner is usually a safe pair of hands for an evening of whodunnit murder mayhem, but this early attempt is one that deserved to moulder away in the archives.
An obscure short story first adapted into a play in 1936, Love From a Stranger is a melodrama that lumbers between female awakening and old-fashioned misogyny.
Young Cecily Harrington (Helen Bradbury) is in a flutter of hormones, having recently won £25k on a sweepstake while awaiting the return of their erstwhile fiance Michael (Jason Avoth), whose genuine love just isn't enough to keep them in tow.
Beardman and D'Avoth's cutglass accents hit all the right notes and the stilted romance and tension between them is palpable. It uplifts a soap opera subplot into something with a more meaningful spark.
Into Cecily's life steps the phoney American Bruce Lovell (Sam Frenchum) in a performance so ham-fisted, it's hard to ride along with it.
Bradbury and Frenchum jarr whenever they're on stage, missing altogether the ingredients of seduction.
Director Lucy Bailey revels in the contradictions that lie at at the heart of Love From a Stranger. We occasionally depart from the tweed and greenery of postwar England into a world of red flashlights and seedy erotic conflict, awkwardly transitioning between the two.
Nicola Sanderson channels To The Manor Born as the eccentric Aunt Loulou, easily scoring the biggest laughs of the night, and Alice Haig adds in their own comedic irony to the part of Cecily's straightlaced friend Mavis.
Indulgent and predictable but with a few great performances to boot - Love From A Stranger plays at Milton Keynes Theatre until July 7. See here for tickets.
If you think your teen may be ready for their first babysitting job, but you want them to have some guidelines — there's a class for that i…
LOS ANGELES — The Latest on nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards (all times local):
9:40 a.m.
Fresh off hosting “Saturday Night Live,” James Franco was planning to spend their Monday morning surfing. Instead, they awoke before dawn to watch the Golden Globe Awards nominations announcement, and was rewarded with hearing their film “The Disaster Artist” get nominated.
Franco was also been nominated for best actor in a comedy or musical for their film, which tells the story of the making of what is widely considered the worst movie ever made, “The Room.” Franco plays Tommy Wiseau, who wrote and directed the cult favourite.
They say whether they attend the Globes with two key figures from “The Room,” Wiseau and their co-star Greg Sestero, will be up to them. Franco says, “Well, you've got to give the people what they want. That seems to be what everybody wants, tuxedos and footballs on the red carpet.”
They say they can't help but think of how Wiseau paid to keep their film in theatres to qualify for an Oscar run, only to have it ridiculed before it developed a cult following. Franco says of Wiseau, “The fact that their story is now getting this kind of recognition, I find it bizarre but I also find it really sweet and I do want to include them as much as I can.”
As for celebrating the nomination, Franco says they plan to have dinner with their brother, who co-stars with them in “The Disaster Artist,” and others later Monday. After a whirlwind weekend, Franco said they were tired, and surfing might have to wait.
——
7:25 a.m.
Many awards season nominees learn they've been picked from their phones. Rachel Brosnahan says it wasn't their phone that work them up Monday, but their dog.
A quick check of their phone revealed that Brosnahan had been nominated for best comedy or musical television actor for the Amazon series “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel,” along with Pamela Adlon, Alison Brie, Issa Rae and Frankie Shaw.
Brosnahan says being listed along with those actores is stunning. They say, “These are women I am completely in awe of. Issa Rae is a hero of mine. I'm going to try not to stalk them at the Globes. I nearly died when I heard my name and theirs in the same sentence.”
For now, Brosnahan says she's planning to celebrate with a trip to the park — with their dog. And some coffee to help them wake up. They say, “That feels like a celebration.”
——
6:45 a.m.
Gary Oldman's nomination for best actor for their portrayal of Winston Churchill is well-timed — the actor learned the news while in London for the “Darkest Hour's” British debut.
Oldman says the nomination is “a bit of frosting on the cake.”
The 59-year-old actor is also considered a front-runner for the best actor Academy Award for their portrayal of the steely British Prime Minister who navigated the country through World War II.
Oldman says it's tricky playing a real-life figure as opposed to someone fictional, and Churchill provided its own set of challenges. Oldman says, “With someone like Winston, the character is so mythologized and so iconic. It's both sweet and sour. ”
——
6:15 a.m.
The Golden Globes nominations for best actor in a television drama have been announced. They are: Caitriona Balfe, “Outlander”; Claire Foy, “The Crown”; Maggie Gyllenhaal, “The Deuce”; Katherine Langford, “13 Reasons Why” and Elisabeth Moss, “The Handmaid's Tale.”
The nominees for best actor in a television drama are: Jason Bateman, “Ozark”; Sterling K. Brown, “This Is Us”; Freddie Highmore, “The Good Doctor”; Bob Odenkirk, “Better Call Saul” and Liev Schreiber, “Ray Donovan.”
——
6:05 a.m.
The Golden Globes nominations for best actor in a film comedy or musical have been announced. They are: Judi Dench, “Victoria & Abdul”; Helen Mirren, “The Leisure Seeker”; Margot Robbie, “I, Tonya”; Saoirse Ronan, “Lady Bird”; Emma Stone, “Battle of the Sexes.”
The nominees for best performance by an actor in a film comedy or musical are: Steve Carell, “Battle Of The Sexes”; Ansel Elgort, “Baby Driver”; James Franco, “The Disaster Artist”; Hugh Jackman “The Greatest Showman” and Daniel Kaluuya, “Get Out.”
——
6:00 a.m.
Guillermo del Toro's Cold War-era fairytale “The Shape of Water” swam away with a leading seven nominations from the Golden Globes, while the HBO drama “Big Little Lies” led the television nominees with six nods.
The nominees for best picture drama are: “Call Me By Your Name,” “Dunkirk,” “The Post,” The Shape of Water” and “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.”
The nominees for best picture comedy or musical are: “The Disaster Artist,” “Get Out,” “Lady Bird,” “The Greatest Showman,” and “I, Tonya.”
The Globes are the most prominent platform yet in Hollywood's awards season to confront the post-Harvey Weinstein landscape. Among the supporting actor nominees is Christopher Plummer, who has replaced Kevin Spacey in Ridley Scott's “All the Money in the World.” Scott, too, was nominated for best director.
——
5:55 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for best motion picture drama actor have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are: Jessica Chastain, “Molly's Game”; Sally Hawkins, “The Shape of Water”; Frances McDormand, “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri”; Meryl Streep, “The Post” and Michelle Williams, “All the Money in the World.”
The nominees for best actor in a motion picture are: “Timothee Chalamet, “Call Me By Your Name”; Daniel Day-Lewis, “Phantom Thread”; Tom Hanks, “The Post”; Gary Oldman, “Darkest Hour” and Denzel Washington, “Roman J. Israel, ESQ.”
——
5:47 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for best motion picture drama have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are: They are “Call Me By Your Name,” “Dunkirk,” “The Post,” The Shape of Water” and “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.”
——
5:45 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for best motion picture comedy or musical have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are: “The Disaster Artist,” “Get Out,” “The Greatest Showman,” “Lady Bird” and “I, Tonya.”
——
5:40 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for the best television drama series have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are: “The Crown,” “The Handmaid's Tale,” “This Is Us,” “Stranger Things” and “Game of Thrones.”
——
5:35 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for best actor in a television comedy or musical have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are: Anthony Anderson, “black-ish”; Aziz Ansari, “Master of None”; Kevin Bacon, “I Love Dick”; William H. Macy, “Shameless” and Eric McCormack, “Will & Grace.”
——
5:30 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for best actor in a television comedy or musical have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are: Pamela Adlon, “Better Things”; Alison Brie, “Glow”; Rachel Brosnahan, “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel”; Issa Rae, “Insecure” and Frankie Shaw, “SMILF.”
——
5:28 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for best limited television series or movie have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are: “Big Little Lies,” “Fargo,” “Feud: Bette and Joan,” “The Sinner” and “Top of the Lake: China Girl.”
——
5:25 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for best animated feature film have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are: “The Boss Baby,” “The Breadwinner,” “Coco,” “Ferdinand” and “Loving Vincent.”
——
5:22 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for foreign language film have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are “Fantastic Woman,” “First They Killed My Father,” “In the Fade,” “Loveless” and “The Square.”
——
5:20 a.m.
The reading of Golden Globe nominations has begun in Beverly Hills, California. The nominees for best TV comedy series are: “black-ish,” “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel,” “Master of None,” “SMILF” and “Will & Grace.”
——
5 a.m.
Decked in a large cozy sweater, actor Kristen Bell is sipping coffee and staying warm before they take the stage to announce the nominees for the 75th Golden Globe Awards.
Journalists gathered early Monday at the Beverly Hilton Hotel for the reading of the nominations, which honour acting and other work in film and television.
The hotel is a flurry of activity in these early hours with publicists and members of the press chatting and grabbing a little bite of fruit, bagels and croissants before the nominations announcement begins.
Photographers and camera crews took test shots of the stage where Bell, Alfre Woodard, Garrett Hedlund, and Sharon Stone will read the nominations in 25 categories beginning at 5:15 a.m.
The Golden Globe will be hosted Jan. 7 by Seth Meyers and broadcast by NBC from the Beverly Hilton.
——
12 a.m.
Nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards will be announced Monday morning from Beverly Hills, California.
The nominations will begin at 8:15 a.m. Eastern, with a second batch of nominees announced live on NBC's “Today” show. Among the favourites are Steven Spielberg's “The Post” and Christopher Nolan's “Dunkirk.”
In the television categories “The Handmaid's Tale” and “Big Little Lies” could be in for a big morning.
The Golden Globe will be hosted Jan. 7 by Seth Meyers and broadcast by NBC from the Beverly Hilton Hotel.
Some of the people injured in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history didn't initially realize they had been shot.
Some of the people injured in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history didn't initially realize they had been shot.
Investigators are probing Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock's interest in other music festivals in the months before they killed 58 people and injured nearly 500 at an outdoor country concert.
Investigators are probing Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock's interest in other music festivals in the months before they killed 58 people and injured nearly 500 at an outdoor country concert.
An Illinois man has installed 58 white crosses on the Las Vegas Strip to honor the victims of Sunday's mass shooting.
An Illinois man has installed 58 white crosses on the Las Vegas Strip to honor the victims of Sunday's mass shooting.
WILKES-BARRE, Pa. (AP) - The owner of a vegan food truck says they regret a Facebook post in which they appeared to dismiss the deaths of "meat eaters" in the Las Vegas massacre.
Delinda Jensen, 60, of Wilkes-Barre, said she's received death threats and had to shut down their business after their post Monday night started going viral, sparking intense backlash both online and off.
Jensen wrote: "Yes I am jaded. Fifty nine meat eaters dead. How many animals will live because of this?" In a second comment, they used an expletive to say they didn't care about "carnists."
A gunman killed 58 people at a country music concert Sunday night, then killed themselves as police closed in.
Jensen, a former adjunct history professor, called their post "a moment of stupidity" and apologized for it in an interview with the Times Leader newspaper in Wilkes-Barre.
"Was it poorly written? Absolutely. Do I regret it? Yes. I am so sorry I wrote that," they said Thursday. "Meat eaters or not, no one deserves to die like that. I wasn't celebrating the death of those people."
Jensen said they became a vegan two years ago and started the Mother Nature Vegan Cuisine food truck with their son. They said they were trying to make the point that they believe animals are tortured and killed unnecessarily for their meat.
Jensen has since deactivated their Facebook account, hidden their food truck and canceled their bookings, and installed a security camera at their home. Them son said people have driven by their home, shouting threats and obscenities, and they have called police several times out of fear for their safety.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Buckhannon hosted a town hall meeting Monday to encourage citizen input regarding uses for the Colonial Theater Building located right beside the Dairy Queen on Main Street.
The Colonial Theater was built in 1924 and functioned almost exclusively as a theater until about 1980 when it was converted into a bar and restaurant. The theater was acquired on January 1, 2017 by the city and a lot of demolition work has been done inside.
“Buckhannon is all telling its story. We have a very rich history here, not only in the arts but in many other areas. And when this property became available as you think about some of the other substantial improvements that are occurring downtown right now it just made all the since in the world for us to partner with private enterprise to do our share to improve downtown,” said David McCauley, Mayor of Buckhannon.
The City of Buckhannon hopes to collect citizen's ideas to build a plan for the future of the Colonial Theater.
“We hope to have on Saturday mornings things like Three Stooges film festivals, you know, Ted Cassidy was Lurch in the Addams Family; we're already talking about gee it would be cool to have a Addams Family Ted Cassidy Lurch Film Festival every year at about Halloween,” said McCauley.
The Colonial Theater has hosted distinguished artists including Pare Lorentz, Jean Lee Latham, and Jimmy Pankow to name a few.
A Milford man was arrested after they attacked a woman this weekend. 29-year-old James Finney assaulted the woman in the parking lot of SITEL. When they were on the ground, they kept hitting them in the head. The woman was taken to Milford Memorial for their injuries. Two children were also at the scene during the fight, but weren't hurt. Finney was charged with assault and endangering the welfare of children, but was released on $2,000 bond. They were given a no contact with the three.
With Cody Zeller out for the Charlotte Hornets, a group of players will need to step up in order to replace the big man's production.
It is unclear how long Cody Zeller will be out for with their concussion but the Charlotte Hornets face a pressing issue without him. They will need to replace their production on both ends of the floor and the impact that they have on games. It will take more than just one player to do so as the team will need a collective effort from their front court players.
Roy Hibbert is the easy choice to replace Zeller in the starting lineup but they will not be the main beneficiary of Cody's minutes. Frank Kaminsky, Spencer Hawes, and even Christian Wood could all receive added playing time. This group of big men has the talent to help keep the engine roaring but none of them individually can handle the weight of replacing Zeller.
With Hibbert a part of the starting five, it changes the look and style of the first unit. Roy will slow things down as they do not have the speed and agility of Cody. Despite that, they can provide a great impact on the defensive end as an anchor down low. That will replace Zeller's shot blocking ability and interior defense. They haven't quite played up to expectations so far this year but this is their chance to make a positive impact.
More from Swarm and Sting
Spencer Hawes has played well in spurts this season but they haven't gotten consistent minutes with Hibbert manning the backup center role. They can help replace the offensive production that the team loses with Zeller out. They aren't as much of a pick-and-roll threat as Cody is but they can spread the floor and knock down outside shots at a high clip. They have also been an underrated defender and rebounder so that will play huge for the team when Hawes is on the court. A strong showing with Zeller out could lead to added playing time for Spencer going forward once Cody returns.
While Frank Kaminsky is a seven-footer, they don't play at center under Steve Clifford. They played 96.4% of their 1,626 minutes at the power forward position last season and that trend has continued this year. Even though Frank may not directly impact the spot Zeller controls, they will still play a huge part in replacing their production and more onus will be on them to score as the main big man off the bench. They will also have to adjust to playing alongside Spencer as opposed to Roy. This may be a chance for Clifford to try out a small-ball lineup with Kaminsky at the five spot.
As for Christian Wood, their role is yet to be determined. They will likely be the emergency big man and not see a lot of game action as coach Clifford and the team is still bringing the prospect along slowly.  They are also more of power forward but with their athleticism, versatility, and speed, Wood may be the player that mostly resembles Zeller's style of play. While it is unlikely that they receive many minutes, I would love to see them get valuable learning minutes with the second unit. They could receive their first regular playing time.
While it is unclear who will have the biggest jump in their game and impact with Zeller out, each frontcourt player will get their chance. Steve Clifford and the Charlotte Hornets need to find a replacement and lucky for them, they have a number of talented big men that can fill in until Cody returns. Each player must stick to their strengths and play their roles. That is the best way for all of them to pitch in and help make up for the loss because it will take contributions from everyone as opposed to just one guy replacing everything that Cody Zeller does.
This article originally appeared on
HOUSTON - Coca-Cola Southwest Beverages has announced it will build a new production and distribution facility in Houston.
The facility is expected to include manufacturing with five new production lines, distribution, warehouse and sales, which will enable Coca-Cola Southwest Beverages, a company of Arca Continental, to better serve the southeast Texas market, according to a release from the company.
"This significant investment confirms Arca Continental's commitment for the sustainable creation of value in all the markets we serve and is a reflection of the confidence in our company's ability to continue perfecting its performance, serving its customers with excellence and anticipate the needs of consumers," said Manuel L. Barragan Morales, chairperson of the board of directors of Arca Continental.
The project is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2020, according to the company.
"Coca-Cola has a long, rich history in Houston," said Mark Schortman, president of Coca-Cola Southwest Beverages. "As a local bottler, we've been serving customers, consumers and communities in Texas for more than 100 years. We are committed to supporting future growth in the region, one of the fastest-growing markets in the U.S."
The plant will enhance operations in the region by consolidating production from two of the company's legacy facilities and four distribution centers in Houston, according to the company.
"The productivity, efficiency and sustainability that this new plant will bring to beverage production in the U.S. Coca-Cola system confirms our company's determination to improve its competitiveness, service at the point of sale and expansion of our portfolio always in a profitable and sustainable way," said Francisco Garza Egloff, chief executive officer of Arca Continental.
The $250 million plant will be the first new Coca-Cola plant built in the U.S. in a decade, according to the company.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
A major exploit leaves every Nintendo Switch susceptible to hacking
If you have a Nintendo Switch gaming console, listen up. It would appear that a new “exploit chain” for Nvidia Tegra X1-based systems outlines an unpatchable process to run random code on all Nintendo Switches.
The post A major exploit leaves every Nintendo Switch susceptible to hacking appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Re: Weatherby build-What caliber would you choose? OMG so many options. I prefer to build my own but would love to have the option to take one over to the factory and have something built by Weatherby just for me..
If you want to go whole hog custom to you how about a 6.5/270 Weatherby Magnum. Remove the rear magazine spacer, slot the bolt so it goes back all the way 300 mag followers. Magic, no COAL limits.
It's one I don't have....
257 Weatherby is everything a 257 should be. Yes you would have the dilemma of which one to take.
I have 257, 270, 7mm, 300 (several as build actions). I made a 338 Edge out of a Mark V. __________________
Fred Seaman - NRA Life Member
Ask, Listen, Learn, Grow
"Quit worrying about the little things, good luck and god speed"
Hutto will discuss the county's successes in several areas, including education, public safety, quality of life, economic development, finances, transportation and more.
During the past year, Hutto touted Wilson County Schools and its continued success with higher-than-average ACT scores and graduation rates.
Hutto has also highlighted the county's emergency response agencies' move toward co-location for dispatchers. The move will house all emergency and law enforcement agency dispatchers and call takers under one roof.
Hutto also recently highlighted the opened Wilson County Emergency Management Agency fire station on Greenvale Road in Statesville and the Wilson County Emergency Management Agency station on Cainsville Road in the Norene community.
They will also discuss the area's quality of life and attractions, which include the Music City Star, Wilson County James E. Ward Agricultural Center, Wilson County Fair, Wilson County Veteran's Plaza and Museum, along with several greenways and parks throughout the county.
“There's an opportunity for us to be the first county in the state that's linking two state parks together – Long Hunter and [Cedars of Lebanon],” said Hutto last year, who added the county would look to take advantage of a service trail no longer in use.
“We're going to try and see if we could convert that into a five-mile track that would connect those two parks, so people could get in and ride from one park to the other,” said Hutto, who added the county could also potentially use the trail for marathons and other events.
To RSVP for the event, call 615-444-5503 or email tonya@lebanonwilsonchamber.com.
Love means never having to dress up on vacation. Just ask Ashley Olsen, 30, who has been enjoying a relaxed dress code while on vacation with their 58-year-old financier beau, Richard Sachs, in St. Barts. Though not quite at yacht-jumping-off levels of excitement yet, the two took a stroll hand-in-hand in matching white tees – they in a vintage Bob Dylan shirt with a zip-up tied around their waist and oversize shades, they in a top bearing the logo of George Clooney's Casamigos tequila line. That is, when they were wearing a shirt at all:
They were spotted giving Olsen a big squeeze earlier this week, and they returned the favor on this walk, giving them a shoulder rub on their walk around the island. And the couple is no stranger to PDA; they pretty much announced their relationship with a major smooch at a Brooklyn Nets game in October, where they double-dated (albeit across the aisle) with their twin Mary-Kate and their husband Olivier Sarkozy.
RELATED PHOTOS: Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen's Most Joyful Moments of 2016!
The two seemed so happy on their T-shirted outing that we are prepared to use these photos to kick off a gallery of their most joyful moments of 2017 to follow up on the 2016 edition.
So, thoughts?
Star Journal Report
The GFWC-Rhinelander Woman's Club completed its December projects with a delivery of Christmas gifts for the family of a disabled veteran. Oneida County Veterans Service Officer Tammy Walters accepted the gifts on behalf of the family for delivery later in the afternoon.
Club members donated $300 and approved another $300 from the treasury to adopt a family, following a presentation given by Walters at the General Federation of Women's Clubs (GFWC) meeting in November. Project leader Sue Bessert worked with Walters to procure a wish list from the family and then enlisted members to help shop, wrap and deliver.
Members working on Christmas cards are, from left, Preident Kay Salewske, Jessica Weber, Deb Brossard, Cindy Goll, Pauline Doucette and Mary Meek. More than 400 cards were hand made and sent to adult residential homes and centers.
Another club project completed was re-purposing old Christmas cards into 400 new and embellished holiday greeting cards which were delivered to seven community residential facilities centers in Rhinelander, including Cumberland Heights, Friendly Village Nursing and Rehabilitation, Grace Lodge Assisted Living, Rennes Health and Rehab Center, Milestone Senior Living and both Country Terrace locations. In addition this year, cards were made and sent to 11 adult family home facilities.
Also in December the club donated more than $34,000 to 33 organizations in the areas of arts, conservation, home life, public issues and international outreach.
The General Federation of Women's Clubs brings together local women's clubs, with members dedicated to strengthening their communities and enhancing the lives of others through volunteer service. The local Rhinelander club has been organized since 1898 and federated in 1905 with nearly 100,000 members in affiliated clubs in every state and more than a dozen countries. For more information, visit the Rhinelander Woman's Club Facebook page.
Why it matters to you If you're sitting on a trove of Bitcoin now might be a good time to sell. Or it might not be. It's very hard to predict what Bitcoin will do.
Bitcoin has once again beaten all of its own records for the value of a single unit of cryptocurrency by breaching the $4,000 mark. This latest surge follows a month-long climb back to new heights after it dropped to a quarterly low of around $1,900 as a new-generation of graphics card miners began dumping their newly acquired number-crunching hardware.
The price of Bitcoin has a history of rising to new highs, crashing in the aftermath of reduced confidence, and then slowly building up to even greater highs. That pattern is evident if you look at multiple year graphs of the cryptocurrency's value, and was highlighted in our recent chat with a few experts about Bitcoin's past and future.
This latest peak is astronomically high, though. It's more than twice the value the currency held in mid-May and at the time of writing sits at $4,308. It's rising so quickly in fact, that we've updated that total twice just while writing this story. That rise has pushed Bitcoin's market cap to $70.6 billion, which is tens of billions more than it was a mere few months ago.
This is perhaps more impressive since there was some consideration earlier this month that Bitcoin could become the lesser of two currencies, after a “hard fork,” saw the creation of “Bitcoin Cash.” Although essentially merely an alternative, or “altcoin” much like many other cryptocurrencies, Bitcoin Cash was the first to attempt to use the recognizable name of Bitcoin for its nomenclature. Despite its promises to deliver a more consumer friendly experience than its parent though, Bitcoin Cash has fallen from its $640 peak to $300 per unit at the time of writing.
Although it's possible that Bitcoin Cash will gather more steam in the future, for now it's Bitcoin, not its young upstart, that is seeing monumental growth, more than eight years on from its debut.
One other cryptocurrency that is in vogue, Ether, has also recovered from its valuation tumble in late July. It's now reached close to $300 again itself, following a similar trend to Bitcoin in rises and falls that gradually trend upward. The trend could end up skyrocketing once again if the AMD Vega graphics cards turn out to be as good at mining it as they are predicted to be.
By Scott T. Sterling
Count Taylor Swift among the countless musicians paying tribute to rock legend Tom Petty in the wake of their death earlier this week.
Related: Bruce Springsteen Remembers Tom Petty: ‘A Long Lost Brother'
Swift spoke to Rolling Stone about Petty's tremendous influence on them
“To me, Tom Petty represented a kind of songwriting I idolized: complex simplicity,” they revealed. “It said so much in the lyrics, the concepts, the stories, the message, the nuances … but always brought you back to a hook that got stuck in everyone's head. They motivated thousands of guitarists to learn to play just because they wanted to be able to play ‘Free Fallin.” Count me as one of them.”
Swift famously covered Petty's timeless 1977 single, “American Girl,” releasing it as a single and performing it on their Fearless tour in 2009. Check it out below.
Mitch Freeley
Match Report
Mohamed Salah inspired Liverpool to a 5-2 first-leg win, although a late revival from the Italian side offers hope of a second-leg comeback. Salah scored twice, including a stunning opener along with assists for Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino, who added another to make it 5-0, before Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti struck back with two late goals to keep the tie in the balance. Roma must now match the exploits of their remarkable quarter-final comeback against Barcelona if they are to win the tie.
Roma started the contest on the front foot, and former Man City man Alexander Kolarov clipped the crossbar with a 30-yard screamer. It proved to be Roma's only shot on target in the first half. Liverpool sprung into life, suddenly looking dangerous on the break troubling their opponents. Only four minutes after Kolarov clipping the woodwork, Liverpool had the lead.
It just had to be Mohamed Salah, and a fine curling shot that nestled into the top corner had Liverpool on their way. On the stroke of halftime, Salah deftly chipped Allison to give Liverpool a two-goal cushion.
The Liverpool blitz didn't let up in the second half, and this time Salah turned provider, with two almost identical crosses for Mane and Firmino. Roma looked completely useless in attack, and Liverpool exploited it for a final time when Firmino nodded in to give Klopp's side a formidable 5-0 lead.
The substitute of Salah seemed to be a turning point for Roma, who pushed forward in the search for a vital away goal. Their work paid off in the 81st minute when Edin Dzeko controlled and smashed the ball past Karius to give their side a lifeline. Whilst moments later Roma fought their way back into the contest as Perotti made it 5-2 from the penalty spot.
Live Updates!
Second Half
90+2 Firmino is leaving the pitch, to be replaced by Klavan
90+1 Florenzi drifts in a cross, gathered by Klarius. Roma are still pushing forward. Spirited stuff from the Romans!
90- Four minutes of extra time here.
87- Fazio gets's a for Roma! It's all kicking off! Henderson also picks up a yellow amongst this frantic football match.
86- Perroti at the near post! That could have been 5-3. Liverpool is living dangerously here.
84- Goal! Penalty for Roma! Milner handles it in the box. Perrotti steps up and pops it in the top corner. 5-2... They couldn't... could they?!
83- Dzeko has another crack! Their drilled effort is gathered by Karius. The Roma fans seemed to have found their voice.
80- GOAL! Roma have a lifeline! That's a smart strike from Dzeko who controls the ball and volleys it in at the near post. This ain't over! 5-1!
77- Credit to Roma. They are still trying to go forward, although a tiny bit of defending could be useful. An away goal would change the face of this contest.
74- Salah is subbed for Danny Ings. Cheers ahoy for the Egyptian! Meanwhile, Lovren gets a yellow!
73-Schick with a header for Roma! Well saved by Karius
71- Roma is being jeered by the Anfield faithful as they attempt to pass the ball around!
68- GOAL! 5-0! Firmino with a header, which bounces into the corner! Liverpool is in wonderland! That's another assist for Salah by the way :)
65- Double sub for Roma- De Rossi is off for Gonalons. Jesus also makes way for Perrotti
60- GOAL! 4-0! It's so simple! Two goals and now two assists for Salah! Alexander-Arnold to Salah, the Egyptian cuts down the wing and squares it to Firmino to tap in! 4-0!
58- Chance for Roma. Kolarov picks out Schick who sticks a foot at the ball, it flies just over.
55- GOAL! 3-0 Liverpool! Salah on the break squares it to Mane to tap in! It's devastating football on the break from Liverpool!
53- A Superb bit of pressing from Salah and Mane to win the ball, Unfortunately Mane is offside when the final ball is played.
52- Roma is giving it a go at the second half, keeping the ball and pushing Liverpool back. Can the Romans make this pressure count?
49- Firmino, Mane and Salah combine. Corner for Liverpool, Roma hack the ball away.
46- Handball by Strootman. Liverpool has a dangerous free-kick. Alexander-Arnold's shot hits the wall.
Peep! Liverpool get us underway!
Sub News! Ünder is replaced by Schick for Roma
First Half
Half-Time- 2-0 Wow! That was breathless! That was the Mohammed Salah show! Two goals of magnificent quality from the Egyptian give Liverpool the lead. I'm off to have a tea and a sit-down. Goodness!
45- GOAL! 2-0! Just like that Liverpool are two up! Guess who... Salah! Firmino lays the ball to Salah who deftly chips Allison! 2-0! Again no celebration from Salah, what a classy gesture!
43- After a slow 15 minutes, Liverpool have been sensational!
42- Liverpool stream forward, Firmino has a shot from outside the box. Corner, Lovren is unmarked again, Allison gathers the header.
39- Alexander-Arnold picks up a tackle for a challenge on Strootmann.
37- Crossbar! Liverpool hit the woodwork with a Lovren header. Anfield is rocking!
34- GOAL! 1-0 Liverpool! It had to be that man Salah! A fantastic curling effort that has Allison well beaten. Respectfully Salah doesn't celebrate against their former side. What a goal from the Egyptian! 1-0!
33- Ball in the goal! Liverpool with a magical passing move, but Mane who taps it in is clearly offside. Klopp revs up the crowd. A goal is coming.
31- Liverpool seem happy to be whipping the ball in from the wings, which seems to be playing into Roma's hands who are more than capable of heading away.
29- Another missed chance for Mane! Firmino passes it to the Senegalese winger who shanks it over! Liverpool is ramping up the pressure.
28- What a change that was for Liverpool! Mane on the breakaway, they were through and they blazed the ball over when they could have passed to Salah!
25 Jesus gets a yellow for clattering into Mane. It's a horrible challenge. The free kick is wasted.
25- Liverpool has started to see more of the ball in the last few minutes...
20- It's safe to say that Roma has started the better of the two sides. Meanwhile, Oxlade-Chamberlain is stretchered off. A worry for England fans.
18- Crossbar! A corner goes all the way to Kolarov, who smashes it from 30 yards. Klarius flaps at it, and amazingly the ball rebounds off the crossbar. A hell of a hit from the former Man City man.
17- That's it for the England midfielder. Wijnaldum comes on to replace the Ox.
14- Oxlade-Chamberlain clatters into Kolarov, and seems to injure themselves in the process. Klopp looks shocked... mouth agast...
13- Roma is more than holding their own here. Kolarov knocks in a cross towards Dzeko. Klarius gathers the ball well.
9- This game has started at some pace. Nainggolan is fouled by van Dijk we can all take a breath.
6- The linesman seems to be struggling with their flag, which I guess is a big deal for flagging things. Meanwhile, Oxlade-Chamberlain has a shot. Easily saved by Allison.
4- Firmino scampers through and drills the ball across the goal, It's offside.
3- Liverpool hit back. Salah cuts in from the right-hand side, their tame effort is gathered by Allison.
1- Strootman with the first chance of the game! Roma knocks the ball around, a through ball to Dzeko who lays it off to Strootman. Easily saved by Klarius
Oh, this is going to be special! This atmosphere is electric! Roma (All in white) get this party started! GO GO GO!
Preamble
SECONDS AWAY FROM KICK-OFF! We have a prediction from my man Guiliano... He's going with 2-1 Roma! Now that would be a turn up for the books! You can watch the action Live & Exclusive via beIN SPORTS CONNECT.
It's all about the Champions League for Liverpool tonight.
That is a noisy away end. This is going to be some atmostphere when we get going in half an hour or so!
It's a huge night for Roma, who admittedly has been pretty bad away from home in the Champions League recently. They have only once in 15 attempts on the road.
Mo Salah is up against their old team tonight. Here they are enjoying a nice cuddle with Radja Nainggolan. MAXIMUM RESPECT.
Now for Roma! Cengiz (Aka the Undertaker) gets the nod up front. After being rested at the weekend Dzeko & De Rossi start.
We have team news! First up Liverpool. Full strength side for the Reds! Fresh from winning the PFA Player of the year award, Mohamed Salah starts leading the line.
Hello! Good evening! Welcome to the Live Updates of Liverpool Vs Roma in the Champions League semi-final 1st leg. It promises to be another electric European night in Liverpool, can Mohammed Salah shine again this season against their former side? If Live Updates ain't yo thing you can always watch the action Live & Exclusive on beIN SPORTS Connect.
Preview
Liverpool welcome Roma to Anfield for their Champions League semi-final first leg on Tuesday evening, knowing that a victory could put them in pole position to reach the final in Kyiv.
Whilst Italian side Roma are fresh from securing one of the most memorable comebacks in European football history, overturning a 4-1 first leg deficit to beat Barcelona 3-0 in the second leg to dump the Catalans out of the Champions League on away goals. As ever, you can watch all the action Live & Exclusive on beIN SPORTS CONNECT.
Score Prediction
How to watch online- beIN SPORTS CONNECT
Channel- 11HD
Kick off- 9:45pm (Mecca)
Stadium- Anfield, Liverpool
Jurgen Klopp's side made a host of changes in their 2-2 draw with West Brom over the weekend, with this contest in mind. The match did see Mohammed Salah grab their 31st goal of the season in the league. Whilst the Egyptian's weekend was rounded off by picking up the PFA Player of the year award on Sunday. Now a match against former side Roma awaits for the attacker.
In team news, Liverpool will be without midfielders Adam Lallana and Emre Can who are still recovering from injuries. Whilst right back Nathanial Clyne could be a doubt with a muscle complaint.
Predicted team- Liverpool
Karius; Alexander-Arnold, Lovren, Van Dijk, Robertson; Milner, Oxlade-Chamberlain, Wijnaldum; Salah, Firmino, Mane
As for Roma, they warmed up for their trip to Anfield with a comprehensive 3-0 win over SPAL. Goals from Radja Nainggolan & summer signing Patrik Schicks sealed the points for the Giallorossi who are currently third place in the Serie A standings.
One concern for Roma heading into the contest could be there away from in the Champions League. A 2-1 win at Azerbaijani minnows Quarabag in the group stages represents their only victory in their last 15 Champions games. This will certainly be an issue for Eusebio Di Francesco to address, especially against the free-flowing football of Liverpool.
Predicted team- Roma
Alisson; Fazio, Manolas, Juan Jesus; Florenzi, Strootman, De Rossi, Nainggolan, Kolarov; Schick, Dzeko
It certainly promises to be a fascinating encounter when the attacking talents of Liverpool take on Roma in the first leg of a Champions League semi-final. As ever, you can watch all the action Live & Exclusive via beIN SPORTS CONNECT.
This picture was taken around 9:30 p.m., when the house reignited. (Source: Greg Schapker, WAVE 3 News)
NEW ALBANY, IN (WAVE) - Fire crews responded to a house fire in New Albany on Tuesday night.
Officials confirm a call came in shortly before 8:26 p.m. about a house fire in the 500 block of Fenwick Drive. That's off Green Valley Road near State Street.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
News & Weather Apps
Once on scene, crews found heavy smoke and flames coming from the roof of the home. An hour later, flames shot from the home again when WAVE 3 News photographer Greg Schapker was on the scene.
It's believed everyone got out of the house.
New Albany Fire Department did ask for extra equipment because of the weather.
It's unknown what started the fire.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Fill the Waterloo Road-shaped hole in your life with a new Channel 4 series set in a school...
What time is Ackley Bridge on TV?
The new series continues on Wednesday 14th June at 8pm on Channel 4.
What is it about?
Ackley Bridge is set inside a new multicultural academy formed by the merging of two previously segregated Yorkshire schools with a sparkly principal on a mission to achieve racial integration and academic greatness. Of course, it doesn't all go to plan...
Who is in the cast?
Jo Joyners (EastEnders) plays the principal, with Paul Nicholls (The C Word) as their husband and the school's PE teacher. Liz White (Life on Mars) plays another teacher and single mother, while Adil Ray (Citizen Khan) is the school's sponsor and Sunetra Sarker (Broadchurch) co-stars as a dinner lady.
Is there a trailer?
Yes, and you can check it out here:
Anything else I should know?
Yes. You can find out more about Ackley Bridge right here.
(AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli, File). FILE - In this July 17, 2017 file photo Gov. Jerry Brown speaks at a Capitol news conference in Sacramento, Calif. Brown signed "sanctuary state" legislation Thursday, Oct. 5 that extends protections for immigrants li...
(AP Photo/Jeff Chiu,file). In this Jan. 25, 2017 file photo protesters hold signs as they listen to speakers at a rally outside of City Hall in San Francisco, Calif. California Gov. Jerry Brown signed legislation, SB54, the statuary state bill, that ex...
(AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli, file). FILE -- In this Sept. 5, 2017 file photo, State Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de Leon, D-Los Angeles, right, flanked by Secretary of State Alex Padilla, answers questions at a news conference in Sacramento, Calif. Ca...
(AP Photo/Jeff Chiu,file). FILE -- In this Jan. 25, 2017 file photo protesters hold signs as they yell at a rally outside of City Hall in San Francisco, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. California Gov. Jerry Brown signed legislation, SB54, the statuary state ...
By OLGA R. RODRIGUEZAssociated Press
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - In another sign of escalating tensions between President Donald Trump's administration and California, the nation's top immigration official said Friday their agency will have "no choice" but to arrest immigrants who are in the country illegally in California's neighborhoods and worksites.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement will also likely have to place immigrants arrested in California in out-of-state detention centers, ICE Acting Director Thomas Homan said in a statement.
Homan's comments came a day after Gov. Jerry Brown signed bill SB54, or sanctuary state legislation.
Starting Jan. 1, police will be barred from asking people about their immigration status or participating in federal immigration enforcement activities. Jail officials only will be allowed to transfer inmates to federal immigration authorities if they have been convicted of certain crimes.
"Ultimately, SB54 helps shield removable aliens from immigration enforcement and creates another magnet for more illegal immigration, all at the expense of the safety and security of the very people it purports to protect," Homan warned.
Federal immigration officials already carry out sweeps targeting immigrants in sanctuary cities and transfer many of their detainees to out-of-state facilities.
In their signing statement, Brown noted the bill does not stop ICE from operating in California. Their office declined to comment further on the ICE statement Friday.
"They are free to use their own considerable resources to enforce federal immigration law in California," Brown wrote.
Democratic Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de Leon, who carried the bill, said Homan's statement "exemplifies the fearmongering and lies that guide this Administration."
"The Trump Administration is once again making heavy-handed threats against California because we won't help them tear apart families and our economy in the process," de Leon said in a statement.
Democratic lawmakers in California have worked to create barriers to Trump's campaign pledge to step up deportation efforts. They have also approved money for legal assistance and college scholarships for people living illegally in the U.S., and made it harder for businesses and government agencies to disclose people's immigration status.
Trump first put the spotlight on sanctuary cities as a candidate in 2015 after the killing of Kate Steinle, who was fatally shot in San Francisco pier by a Mexican national who had been deported five times.
Trump referred to the case several times while campaigning as a reason to toughen immigration policies. The case has frequently been invoked as part of the immigration debate.
They have threatened to withhold federal funding to sanctuary cities, several of which have filed lawsuits to prevent that from happening.
California is home to an estimated 2.3 million immigrants without legal authorization.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
GREEN BAY, Wis. — The Green Bay Packers have signed free agent offensive lineman Byron Bell, adding a versatile veteran to beef up depth.
The 29-year-old Bell played last season with the Dallas Cowboys, appearing in 12 games and making two starts at left tackle. They missed the entire 2016 season after injuring their ankle during off-season workouts with the Tennessee Titans.
The Packers released lineman Jacob Alsadek, an undrafted rookie free agent out of Arizona, to make room for Bell on Wednesday.
Green Bay is short on experienced depth up front. Starting right tackle Bryan Bulaga missed the second half of the 2017 season with a knee injury, while right guard Jahri Evans is a free agent after one season with the Packers.
Injuries also kept out the Packers' top two backup tackles, Jason Spriggs and Kyle Murphy, for much of 2017.
Bell started all 16 games for Tennessee in 2016, playing at left guard and both tackle positions. They entered the league as an undrafted free agent with Carolina in 2011 out of New Mexico.
Bell started 56 of 62 games for the Panthers over the next four seasons, playing both tackle positions.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
(AP Photo/David Dermer). Cleveland Indians' Austin Jackson answers questions during a news conference before Game 2 of baseball's American League Division Series between the New York Yankees and the Cleveland Indians, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Cleveland.
By TOM WITHERSAP Sports Writer
CLEVELAND (AP) - Jacoby Ellsbury will serve as New York's designated hitter in Game 2 of the AL Division Series against the Indians.
Yankees manager Joe Girardi is going with Ellsbury over Chase Headley because of their success in the past against Cleveland ace Corey Kluber. Ellsbury has batted .263 (5-19) in their career against Kluber, who went 2-0 with a 1.59 ERA in two starts against New York this season. Headley is just 1 of 14 against Kluber.
The Indians won the opener 4-0 over the Yankees, who were held to three hits and got nothing from rookie slugger Aaron Judge. The MVP candidate struck out four times, but Girardi isn't worried about the right fielder, who slumped miserably after the All-Star break before a strong finish.
"I don't really have any concerns about it because as watching them go through some of their ups and downs this year, how he's always bounced back," Girardi said. "So I'm not really too concerned about it."
Indians manager Terry Francona made two moves with their lineup. Austin Jackson will start in left field against New York left-hander CC Sabathia, and Yan Gomes will catch Kluber. Roberto Perez started behind the plate in Game 1.
Also, Francona said there's a good chance Michael Brantley will start in left field in Game 3 at Yankee Stadium. Brantley missed 50 games over the final two months with an ankle injury.
However, Brantley, who is available off the bench in Game 2, has made huge progress in recent weeks and Francona is glad the All-Star is back. Brantley missed Cleveland's run to the World Series last year following two shoulder surgeries.
"He helps us win," Francona said. "I'm excited for them because last year they missed out. This year, with a lot of hard work, he's now going to be a part of what we're doing. I know it will mean a lot to him, and because of that, it means a lot to us."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BEIJING — Chinese President Xi Jinping struck a strongly nationalistic tone in their closing address Tuesday to the annual session of the ceremonial parliament, saying China would never allow “one inch” of territory to be separated from it.
Speaking before the nearly 3,000 members of the National People's Congress who had earlier abolished term limits on their rule, Xi declared that the Chinese people were now “closer now than at any time in history to realizing the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
“Maintaining national sovereignty, territorial integrity and complete unification of the motherland is the common aspiration of all Chinese,” Xi said.
“In the face of national righteousness and the tide of history, all attempts or tricks aimed at dividing the motherland are doomed to failure,” Xi said to loud applause. “All will receive the condemnation of the people and the punishment of history.”
The Chinese people have the will and ability to “foil all activities to divide the nation” and are united in their belief that “every inch of our great motherland absolutely cannot and absolutely will not be separated from China,” Xi said.
Referring to self-governing Taiwan, Xi said the mainland would continue outreach to advance the cause of “peaceful unification” with the island, whose 23 million residents are strongly in favour of maintaining their de-facto independent status.
The session had earlier approved a range of new appointments, including that of key Xi ally Wang Qishan as vice-president. New ministers were also appointed and a law passed establishing a powerful new anti-corruption body to oversee the civil service.
Xi also invoked China's historical achievements in governance and culture and stressed the importance of national unity as it strove to reach new goals in poverty alleviation and economic development in coming years.
They stressed the absolute leadership of the ruling Communist Party — of which they are head — in all aspects of Chinese life, including over the 2 million-member armed forces.
Xi pledged to would lead China's 1.3 billion people into a brighter future based on its own socialist system, saying, “As long as we sincerely unite and work together, there will be no power that can stop the Chinese people from realizing their dreams!”
Xi pledged to expand the Belt and Road, their signature foreign policy initiative of building ports, bridges and railways connecting Europe with Asia — but in an apparent response to the project's critics, said China wasn't seeking hegemony.
“China's development does not pose a threat to any country,” they said.
“Only those who habitually threaten others will look at everyone else as threats,” Xi added.
This year's session has been dominated by the rubber-stamp body's historic move on March 11 to scrap a constitutional two-term limit on the presidency dating from 1982, enabling Xi, already China's most powerful leader in decades, to rule indefinitely.
While delegates overwhelmingly supported the move, critics and some analysts say it raises concerns about a return to one-man-rule — and greater political repression within an already highly controlled polity.
“There is a distinct danger now that there may well be a return to the Maoist style of leadership symbolized by the dissolution of collective responsibility and the concentration of power under one person,” said Joseph Cheng, a long-time observer of Chinese politics now retired from the City University of Hong Kong.
The broad strokes of what Xi plans to do with these expanded powers were laid down over the weekend as they moved to appoint their trusted allies into key positions that appear, in part, set to further sideline Li, officially China's No. 2 leader.
One of them is Wang, reportedly an early acquaintance of Xi's and former anti-corruption czar who is expected to play a key role in managing trade tensions with the United States. The vice presidency is normally a ceremonial post but Wang's real standing can be seen in official events in which they are seated in eighth place in hierarchical order after the seven-man, all-powerful Politburo Standing Committee.
Another is longtime Xi adviser Liu He, who was appointed as one of four vice-premiers and is expected to oversee a broad range of economic and financial issues.
Chief among Xi's priorities is controlling financial risk without derailing the economy. Regulators have been warning about ballooning debt that caused international ratings agencies to cut China's credit rating last year.
“He knows that if there's a financial crisis it will damage their credibility and legitimacy very much because they have no one else to blame,” Cheng said. “People will blame him.”
They Momo is a collection of Te Kāea news features about New Zealanders who have a unique lifestyle. Kiwis who are rare in what they do and how they live. In part one we profile a lifestyle entrepreneur; a male weaver; a lone elderly woman who refuses to abandon their marae; the hired gun turned evangelist; the deep sea diving MP and an adventurer.
A Louisiana private investigator pleaded guilty on Monday to misusing Donald Trump's Social Security number in repeated attempts to access the candidate's federal tax information during the presidential campaign. (Source: CNN, file)
By MICHAEL KUNZELMAN
Associated Press
BATON ROUGE, La. (AP) - A Louisiana private investigator pleaded guilty on Monday to misusing Donald Trump's Social Security number in repeated attempts to access the president's federal tax information before their election last year.
Jordan Hamlett, 32, faces a maximum sentence of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine following their guilty plea in federal court.
Authorities have said Hamlett failed in their attempts to get Trump's tax information through a U.S. Department of Education financial aid website.
Trump has refused to release their tax returns, bucking an American tradition honored by every president since Jimmy Carter.
A court document accompanying Hamlett's plea agreement says they used Trump's Social Security number and other personal information to open an online application for federal student aid on Sept. 13, 2016. After obtaining a username and password, they tried to use an Internal Revenue Service data retrieval tool to obtain Trump's tax information, the document says.
"The defendant made six separate attempts to obtain the federal tax information from IRS servers, but they were unsuccessful," says the document. It doesn't specify how much of Trump's tax information could have been retrieved with the online tool.
Hamlett, a Lafayette resident, was indicted in November 2016. Their trial had been scheduled to start this week, but the judge originally assigned to the case died on Saturday after a brief illness. U.S. District Court Judge John deGravelles, who inherited the case, didn't immediately schedule Hamlett's sentencing hearing.
Defense attorney Michael Fiser had argued Hamlett didn't have any "intent to deceive" and simply tried "out of sheer curiosity" to discover whether Trump's tax information could be accessed through the government website.
After Hamlett's guilty plea, Fiser said their client "still has a long road ahead" as they await sentencing.
"We felt like, under the circumstances, it was time to accept full responsibility and move forward to get closure," Fiser said.
Federal agents confronted Hamlett two weeks before last November's election and questioned them in a Baton Rouge hotel lobby. At the time, the agents didn't know if Hamlett had been successful, and they feared a public release of Trump's tax returns could influence the election, according to a transcript of court testimony earlier this year.
Treasury Department Special Agent Samuel Johnson testified in March that Hamlett immediately took credit for their "genius idea" to seek Trump's tax returns from the financial aid website.
Johnson noted that an internet hacking group calling itself Anonymous had targeted Trump.
"At that time, Anonymous had been established as people that have released some of President Trump's personal identifying information and things of that nature," Johnson testified.
Federal prosecutors had asked Judge James Brady to bar Hamlett's lawyer from presenting a trial defense that that they were acting as a benevolent "white hat" hacker. Brady, a senior federal judge who died Saturday at a Baton Rouge hospital, ruled last month that Hamlett couldn't testify that they had a "good purpose" in attempting to test security flaws in the website.
Fiser said Hamlett had tried to call and notify the IRS about the flaws last September, on the same day they tried to electronically access Trump's tax records.
Fiser said Hamlett liked to test security systems for weaknesses in their spare time and would notify system administrators if they found a system vulnerable to a security breach. Hamlett once discovered a security flaw that allowed for public access to the Livingston Parish Sheriff's Office's "raw" reports on open investigations and exposed personal information about police officers.
"Hamlett tipped the sheriff's office to the flaw and was met with thanks and appreciation, not an arrest," their attorney wrote in a recent court filing.
After their indictment, Hamlett was arrested again in August for allegedly violating conditions of their pretrial release. Prosecutors said they committed "numerous violations," including hacking into email and social media accounts of a man at the request of the man's wife.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
OMNISPORT
Brighton and Hove Albion have been promoted to the Premier League for the first time in their history.
Chris Hughton's side beat Wigan Athletic 2-1 on Monday to stay top of the Championship and put a 15-point gap between themselves and third-place Huddersfield Town.
Huddersfield then failed to defeat Derby County in the later match – Jacob Butterfield netting a late leveller for the Rams – meaning Brighton's top-two finish is mathematically assured with three games left to play.
GOOOOAL!
Butterfield levels for @dcfcofficial and (for the time being) automatically promotes @OfficialBHAFC! https://t.co/JDq7KvtJpE — beIN SPORTS USA (@beINSPORTSUSA) April 17, 2017
It means the Seagulls will be playing top-flight football next season for the first time in 34 years.
The south-coast side are closing in on the Championship title, too, with Newcastle United's 2-1 defeat to Ipswich Town leaving Rafa Benitez's side seven points behind in second.
POW!
Emyr Huws rifles home @Official_ITFC's third and kills off any hopes @NUFC had of picking up a point. https://t.co/blU6g32O22 — beIN SPORTS USA (@beINSPORTSUSA) April 17, 2017
Three points from their remaining matches against Norwich City, Bristol City and Aston Villa will see Brighton crowned champions.
It marks an incredible turnaround for a club who were almost relegated from the Football League in 1997.
CHATHAM, Ont. — A truck driver has pleaded guilty to five charges arising from a fatal crash on Highway 401 last summer that claimed the lives of an Amherstburg, Ont., mother and their son.
Fifty-two-year-old Manjit Parmar of Brampton, Ont., pleaded guilty in a Chatham, Ont., court Wednesday to two counts of dangerous operation of a motor vehicle causing death and three counts of dangerous operation of a motor vehicle causing bodily harm.
Forty-two-year-old Lacie Brundritt and their son 14-year-old Kyle Brundritt, who were passengers in a pickup truck, died when a westbound tractor trailer collided with five vehicles that were stopped on the highway due to another crash on July 30, 2017.
The 39-year-old male driver of the pickup truck was taken to hospital with serious injuries and a 12-year-old boy was sent to hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
MORAGA, Calif. — Jordan Ford made a wide open 3-pointer with 45.3 seconds to go and Saint Mary's won its program-record 30th game of the season with an 85-81 victory over Washington on Monday night to reach the NIT quarterfinals.
Washington first-year student Jaylen Nowell answered with a deep 3 to pull to 82-79 at 33.5 but Saint Mary's worked the clock down to 12.8 before Ford sealed it with two free throws.
Ford scored 22 of their 26 points in the second half. Evan Fitzner added a season-high 20 points off the bench for Saint Mary's (30-5) and Emmett Naar had 12 assists.
Noah Dickerson had 22 points and nine rebounds for Washington (21-13), which lost to Saint Mary's for the first time. Matisse Thybulle moved into second in Pac-12 history for single-season steals, tying Gary Payton with 101.
Thybulle's steal and fast-break dunk got Washington within 75-72 and after Saint Mary's two free throws, Dickerson spun their defender on the baseline for a two-handed dunk.
——–
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org; https://twitter.com/AP–Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
A military helicopter crashed on a southern Maryland golf course on Monday, injuring one crew member, an official told Fox News.
A U.S. Army UH-60 Blackhawk from Ft. Belvoir, Va. crashed with three crewmembers on board at around 1:50 p.m. near Leonardtown, Ft. Belvoir spokesperson Jimmie Cummings said.
One of the crew members was taken by helicopter to a local hospital, but Cummings wouldn't describe their injuries. The other two members of the crew were okay, Cummings said. Two medevac helicopters were initially sent to the scene to assist.
Kevin Bowen, who works in the pro shop of the Breton Bay Golf and Country Club in Leonardtown, said they saw the helicopter “flying kind of low” and then “saw it spinning” before it went down between the third and fourth holes of the golf course.
Related stories…
The crash came less than two weeks after a fighter jet crashed into a wooded area in Prince George's County.
The F-16C fighter jet took off from Joint Base Andrews and was participating in a routine training mission before it suffered a mechanical issue and went into a wooded area near Piscataway Road and Steed Road in Clinton, Md., about six miles from Joint Base Andrews and 12 miles south of Washington D.C.
The pilot on that mission ditched the jet and was treated for minor injuries. No one else was hurt
Fox News' Lucas Tomlinson and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Read more from FOX 5 DC.
BDS and pro-Palestinian Arab activists interrupt meeting between Economy Minister Eli Cohen and businesspeople in Toronto.
BDS and pro-Palestinian Arab activists on Wednesday interrupted a meeting between Economy and Industry Minister Eli Cohen (Kulanu) and businesspeople in Toronto, Canada.
The activists accused Cohen of murdering innocents in Gaza and claimed that a trade agreement between Canada and Israel that had been signed earlier in the day was "Palestinian blood on the hands of the Canadians."
The crowd responded by booing the activists and Minister Cohen did not hesitate to fire back at them, pointing out that Israel provides Gazans with everything needed to develop Gaza and make it stable and prosperous.
“We send you medicine, we send you food…build schools! Build industrial zones! This is what you should do with the money,” said Cohen.
“We gave you Gaza till the last millimeter. Instead of building hospitals, instead of taking care of your people, you are shooting rockets!” added the minister.
Editor's note: The following information is supplied by Wayne Dellinger, Union County Extension Educator for Agriculture and Natural Resources.
–––
With record heat at the end of September and unusually dry conditions, risk for fires in combines is increased this harvest season.
For the full story, Subscribe To Our E-edition.
Comments
comments
The Hum Rider is your key to get over any traffic jam.
More Motor Videos No. 8 Takes Overall Win | 2017 6 Hours of Silverstone Heavy Wreck for Toyota No. 7 – 2017 6 Hours of Silverstone Hour 3 Race Recap | 2017 6 Hours of Silverstone Supercars Crash Collects 12 Cars in Tasmania 2017 Long Beach Analysis Aaron Plessinger Wins 250 Main at Seattle | 2017 MONSTER ENERGY SUPERCROSS More Motor Videos
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An emergency help centre set up to support the hundreds of residents evacuated from their homes due to a major gas leak in Croydon has helped 250 people so far.
British Red Cross and Croydon Council set up a shelter at Waddon Leisure Centre, on Purley Way, for people who had to leave their homes after a car crashed into a gas governor in Whitestone Way at 8.20pm on Sunday (March 18).
While some were able to stay with friends or family, and others managed to get into hotels last minute, many had to go to the nearby Sainsbury's before being taken to one of two emergency rest centres for the night, one being at the leisure centre.
Alex Hurell, a senior emergency response officer at the British Red Cross, said: “We have an agreement with most London boroughs, but in particular Croydon Council, to provide extra support when emergencies like this happen to support the community.
“The council set up centres like this and we have trained people on standby all the time and we deliver the team. We have been working alongside the council to provide support to those affected.
(Image: Matthew Cammack)
“There have been about 250 people who have been in the centre for support so far. So we have been quite busy.
“We have provided volunteers to chat to people, give them support, to make people a cup of tea or coffee and just try to make them feel like they are at home.
“We have also been providing airbags and blankets to those who had to stay overnight.”
An exclusion zone was put in place by emergency services and people living in the New South Quarter development have been most seriously affected by the leak, which was stopped by gas provider SGN engineers on Monday morning (March 19).
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Residents have been waiting to be allowed back into their homes as safety checks are having to be carried out in every single flat before residents can be let back in.
Mr Hurell added that support will be on hand until it is no longer needed.
(Image: Louis Loizou)
They said: “We will be there as long as we are needed. We have trained volunteers and staff who are on standby 24/7, 365 days a year.
“It's important to help people affected in their time of need as we are here to do that.”
WASHINGTON (AP) — Washington DC police: 2 arrests made related to violence outside Turkish ambassador's residence during Erdoğan visit.
TULSA, Okla. — A Delta Air Lines flight from Portland, Oregon, to Atlanta was diverted to Tulsa, Oklahoma, on Wednesday because of an onboard disturbance involving a passenger, and a U.S. attorney said their office will determine whether that passenger violated federal law.
Tulsa International Airport spokesperson Alexis Higgins said Delta flight 1156 landed about 11:30 a.m. and that the passenger was removed to be questioned by the FBI. It's unclear what the passenger did. Higgins said they did not know the nature of the disturbance.
Tulsa-based U.S. Attorney R. Trent Shores said in a statement that federal air marshals who were flying on the plane “de-escalated and controlled the situation” and that the aircraft landed without further incident. Shores said federal prosecutors will review the FBI's investigation to determine whether to pursue charges.
Delta said in a statement that the flight was diverted because of an “unruly passenger” and apologized to other customers who were inconvenienced because of the delay. Delta spokesperson Anthony Black said 172 passengers and six crew members were on board the Boeing 737-900.
Social media users complimented Delta staff but did not give details about the disturbance.
Black said the flight landed in Atlanta around 4:30 p.m.
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. -- Super Bowl LII is just one day away, as the Eagles and New England Patriots prepare to play at U.S. Bank Stadium in what is maybe the most anticipated game in franchise history.
Who will come out on top?
After breaking the game down all week, Eagles beat reporter Eliot Shorr-Parks checks in with their final prediction for Super Bowl LII in the video at the top of this story.
Eliot Shorr-Parks may be reached at eshorrpa@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @EliotShorrParks. Find NJ.com Eagles on Facebook.
Here's everything you need to know about the latest eliminations from the Love Island villa
Love Island is nothing if not brutal.
Advertisement
Just as new islanders are starting to settle into the villa, it's time to turf some out.
Any single contestants are at constant risk of being dumped, but unlike some shows that eliminate people weekly, a dumping on Love Island can occur at literally any time. They don't call it a Flack Attack for nothing.
So when is the next dumping of 2018 due to take place? And who has been dumped from the villa?
The show's latest recoupling took place on Monday 2nd July, when the original villa and Casa Amor came back together again.
Who has been dumped on Love Island?
Advertisement
Love Island airs daily at 9pm on ITV2
For markets, the era of the central bank may be starting to draw to a close.
Continue Reading Below
In 2017, tightening monetary policy and brighter economic fundamentals could ease markets from the grip of the central banks whose policy in recent years has dominated trading in bonds, shares and other assets.
That shift portends big changes for investors, who already are repositioning in anticipation. A long period of ultralow interest rates and central-bank asset buying has boosted the prices of bonds and safe stocks. Now investors expect economic performance to catch up as a key driver, not least as they predict stimulus will stop expanding.
That means the riskier assets that benefit more from growth are expected to take their end-of-year rally into 2017, while bonds and more defensive stocks will continue to suffer.
Analysts also expect that investors will now focus more on company profitability and credit risk, as they spend less time analyzing central bankers' speeches word by word.
“We start going back to a world in which fundamentals matter a bit more, ” said Dean Turner, economist at UBS Wealth Management.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Since the financial crisis, central banks have unleashed massive asset-buying programs and kept interest rates at historically low or even negative levels to help stimulate growth and inflation. The European Central Bank currently buys EUR80 billion ($84 billion) in government and corporate bonds a month. The Bank of England also buys corporate and government debt. The Bank of Japan even buys stocks.
A company's revenue tend to look more attractive when rates are low, which often boosts its stock. That helps explain why shares in the S&P 500 are currently trading at 17 times the earnings they are expected to generate during the next year, compared with a 10-year average of 14.4, according to data provider FactSet.
“The stock market hasn't been earnings-led for a long time, it's been bond-led,” said Scott Meech, a fund manager at Swiss private bank Union Bancaire Privée.
But many investors now see a limit to central banks' stimulus. In December, the ECB extended its bond-buying program but plans to reduce its size starting in April, amid concerns that it was running out of assets to purchase. Shortly after, the Federal Reserve nudged up rates by a quarter of a percentage point and hinted at tighter policy in the future.
Some investors expect governments to fill the gap and take a bigger role in pushing growth and inflation. In the U.S., President-elect Donald Trump has pledged to increase infrastructure spending and ease financial regulation. Higher commodity prices also have boosted inflation expectations.
“Central banks, particularly the Fed, may well have less ability to tilt dovish if fiscal stimulus and deregulation help stimulate already recovering economies,” said Arnab Das, head of emerging-markets economic research at Invesco.
Since November, those shares in the MSCI World index more exposed to economic swings, or cyclical stocks, have gained 10%. Safer, or defensive, stocks on the index went up only 4.6%, despite having outperformed since the financial crisis. Relative to defensive stocks, the prices of cyclical shares are now at their highest since 2008.
Eurozone banks are a good reflection of this increased risk appetite: Their shares took a beating for much of 2016, but recovered some ground after a big rally in the past two months.
By contrast, global bonds have lost 5% in the past two months. Yields of 10-year Treasurys are at 2.446%. Yields move opposite in the opposite direction of prices.
The question is whether companies will prove profitable enough to justify the market's risky bets for 2017. Projected earnings per share for the next year are currently at all-time highs for the S&P 500 and have recovered for the Stoxx Europe 600 as well, after falling at the end of 2015.
“Earnings are an improving trend across the world,” said Nigel Bolton, a fund manager at BlackRock Inc., the world's biggest asset manager with $5.1 trillion under supervision. “We are now in this sweet spot for equities.”
In the third quarter, the U.S. economy expanded an annual rate of 3.2%, a two-year record. Investors are slightly more optimistic about economic prospects in the eurozone and Japan, two regions plagued by years of feeble growth. Stable 6.7% growth in China in the first three quarters of 2016 has calmed earlier fears of a painful crash.
“It's true that central banks are stepping away, but they are stepping away for a reason,” said Fabio Bassi, chief European rates strategist at J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.
But risks remain: In recent years, corporate earnings have tended to disappoint. And the end of central-bank omnipresence, which is unlikely to fade quickly, has been called before.
Furthermore, the expected burst of government spending may not arrive. Fiscal policy remains subject to political constraints, such as fears about government debt piles.
“Absent the threat of a recession, we should not expect a broad plan to stimulate the economy financed by a deficit,” said Didier Borowski, analyst at Amundi Asset Management, Europe's largest investor, which manages $1.1 trillion.
One dead, 3 injured in Lagos-Ibadan Expressway auto crash
By Bose Adelaja
One person was feared dead, while two others sustained injuries, yesterday, in an early morning accident along Lagos-Ibadan Expressway.
The accident reportedly occurred at about 5.30am around Mountain Top University inward Lagos, between an unmarked Mercedes Truck and a yellow Howo Snot truck with number plates LAGOS FKJ 717 XF.
Vanguard gathered that the driver of the Mercedes truck and their two motor boys were travelling inward Lagos when their vehicle broke down unexpectedly and the occupants quickly alighted to attend to the situation.
In the process, the driver was said to have laid underneath the truck to carry out repair works, while the motor boys stood beside the truck to complement their effort.
That was when the Howo Snot driver rammed into them, killing the driver on the spot, while the motor boys were said to have been seriously injured.
The truck driver escaped unhurt, while the accident disrupted free flow of traffic along the expressway as many motorists took to driving against traffic.
Emergency operation was jointly carried by men of Federal Road Safety Corps, FRSC; Nigeria Police Force and Ogun State Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Corps TRACE.
The body of the driver was deposited at Ogun State University Teaching Hospital morgue and the injured taken a hospital for medical attention.
The post One dead, 3 injured in Lagos-Ibadan Expressway auto crash appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Hearing for Trump's VA Pick Ronny Jackson Postponed Over Reports of Drinking on the Job, Improperly Distributing Meds
Check out our weekly guide to TV this week, and make sure you're catching the big premieres, crucial episodes and the stuff you won't admit you watch when no one's looking.
Just in case the day-to-day news isn't bleak enough for you, Hulu's dystopian drama The Handmaid's Tale returns for an electric second season starting Wednesday. The Emmy Award-winning and GLAAD Media Award-nominated series will introduce another queer character this season, played by out actor Clea DuVall.
America's sexiest cartoon detective undergoes another narrative upheaval when Archer heads to Danger Island 10 p.m. Eastern Wednesday on FXX. The series time jumps to 1930s for its action-packed ninth season.
The race is (contoured)neck-and-(contoured) neck on RuPaul's Drag Race. The remaining nine queens continue to battle it out this week on Thursday at 8 p.m. Eastern on VH1.
Hamilton's Leslie Odom Jr. takes the stage for another installment of Live From Lincoln Center 9 p.m. Eastern on PBS. The outrageously talented (and handsome) performer will dazzle audiences with their renditions of standards and their million-watt smile.
Comedian Michelle Wolf surely won't be the only clown in the room when they hostsThe White House Correspondents' Dinner Saturday at 7 p.m. Eastern on CNN. Before taking on their own Netflix talkshow, she'll take on the political establishment on their home turf. Of course, President Tiny Hands Thin Skin will be skipping the event, because it hurts their fee-fees.
What are you watching this week on TV?
Police kill notorious robber in Imo, arrest suspect in morgue
After weeks of intense search, operatives of the Imo State Police Command at the weekend shot a suspected armed robber, named Chimobi Okorie.Okorie, until their death, was allegedly involved in several armed robbery operations in the state, leading to their manhunt by the police.
Confirming the incident yesterday in Owerri, the command's Public Relations Officer, Andrew Enwerem, a Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP), disclosed that the deceased was traced to a hotel in Okigwe, Imo State, where they engaged the police in gun duel, but the police superior firepower overwhelmed them and in their attempts to escape, they were riddled with bullets.
Enwerem said they were eventually arrested and taken to a hospital, but doctors confirmed them dead on arrival.In another development, the police spokesperson said operatives of the command acted on a tip-off and dispatched a team known as Operation Condone to a morgue in Osisioma Aba, Abia State, where, a bank robbery suspect, Justice Ogbonna, was arrested.
According to Enwerem, Ogbonna is currently under the custody of the command for further investigation.He said Ogbonna was alleged to be among the armed robbers, who attempted to gain entrance into the Zenith Bank along Wethdral Road, Owerri, on February 23.
In the incident, during a gun-battle between the police and robbers, a suspected robber was killed, while three police officers were wounded.
This post was syndicated from Breaking News, Nigeria News and World News – The Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Miss Kentucky Molly Matney shared this amazing video on their Facebook page last week, as they were serenaded by Jalen Heater, of Glasgow.
With a voice like that, this is not the last we've heard of Jalen.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
RnB legends SWV or Sisters With Voices have made their way to New Zealand for the very first time in their career as part of SWV 25th Anniversary Tour.
"We're looking forward to some good sleep and a great performance tonight," says Leanne "Lelee" Lyons with a smile.
The group arrived from Australia for their one-off Auckland performance.
"Oh my God, 25 years, we feel it's not the same when we were in our 20s we could go all night and still get up and run but now we need a crank," says Tamara "Taj" George.
Some of their biggest hits like "Weak" and "I'm So Into You" is what made them one of the biggest selling all-girl bands of the 90s.
They were welcomed into the airport by Māori performance group, kaiHaka.
"It was beautiful you don't get to see culture like that we've travelled everywhere but we've never been greeted like that," says Taj.
The trio has recently received the Lady of Soul Award from the renowned Soul Train Music Awards for their contribution to RnB.
Tesla plans to market its solar energy products to a more mainstream audience with a major expansion into the largest home-improvement chain in the country. According to Bloomberg, Tesla-branded kiosks showcasing solar panels and Powerwall solar batteries have begun rolling out to 800 locations around the country.
The displays, which are 12 feet tall and 7 feet wide, will be staffed by Tesla employees and will offer demonstrations of the solar products. Although it's not part of the initial rollout, Home Depot may also begin offering Tesla's highly anticipated solar roof, according to industry sources.
The stylish Tesla solar roofs are more expensive than traditional solar panels, as they look like regular roof shingles and cover the entire house. Some shingles contain solar collection technology and some don't, but they're meant to assuage homeowner's concerns about installing blocky solar reflective tiles on their houses.
Lowe's, the second-largest home improvement chain, is also interested in featuring Tesla's solar power products in its stores.
The Powerwall batteries, mounted on the side of the house, are designed to store energy either collected from the solar panels or purchased during off-peak hours from the electrical grid. The stored electricity could be used during power outages, or even to recharge Tesla vehicles.
USA Today reports that some retail outlets in California already have the in-store displays, and they're planned for Las Vegas and Orlando next week. With the customer's address, the Tesla employees at the kiosks will be able to use satellite imagery to evaluate the sunlight and potential power generation at the location.
A Tesla solar power panel system will run anywhere from $10,000 to $25,000, with an extra $7,000 for the Powerwall battery. The solar roof, which may be a better option for homeowners who have to replace their entire roof, will cost about $52,000 for the average house.
Home Depot previously featured solar power products from SolarCity Corp., but that didn't include the in-store displays that Tesla has introduced. Tesla's acquisition of SolarCity in 2016 for $2 billion has made them a major player in the industry, and expanding into the home-improvement retail space could be a significant step towards adoption of clean energy at the household level.
Congratulations to the North Rockland Varsity Cheerleading team on their National Championship win in Dallas, Texas.
The girls competed last weekend against dozens of other schools from around the country.
It marks the second time in three years that North Rockland has won the national cheerleading championship.
The Red Raiders scored 97.15 out of 100 points on Jan. 27 and scored a 96.55 on Sunday, Jan. 28, beating out Choctaw, a school in Oklahoma, during the NCA High School National Cheerleading Competition.
"All of Rockland and the North Rockland Central School District are proud of you!" officials proclaimed on this Facebook page.
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
Share
Detroit: Become Human is shaping up to be the most ambitious game yet from French studio Quantic Dream, which previously created the cult hit Indigo Prophecy as well as Heavy Rain. The game has “gold gold” ahead of its release next month, and if you're itching to give the futuristic adventure a try, the demo is available right now.
The demo will follow the android Connor through the opening scene of the main Detroit: Become Human game, which we've previously seen at press events. During this scene, Connor must attempt to talk a rogue android named Daniel into releasing a little girl they are holding captive on a rooftop, though the option to kill them is also available.
Thus far, PlayStation said that of the more than 15,000 people who have already played the scene, 90 percent managed to save the hostage. More than 60 percent of the time, Daniel falls off the roof, and he's shot by a SWAT team about one-third of the time. It isn't the prettiest outcome, but that's the main draw of Quantic Dream's games — your story is unique to you based on the actions you've taken.
“Detroit: Become Human is no longer our game,” said Quantic Dream co-CEO Guillaume de Fondaumiere in a post on the PlayStation Blog. “Instead, it will soon become yours. Yours to play, to own, to hopefully cherish. The fate of Connor, Kara, and Markus is in your hands, along with the fate of all other characters in the game.”
If you have an Amazon Echo device, you'll also be able to download a skill called “CyberLife” for use with the demo. Alexa can help you detail elements of the crime scene, give you backstory on characters, and even learn about possible alternate endings. Sony also hinted at possible Easter eggs with the skill, but didn't specify exactly what these would be.
Developer Quantic Dream recently made headlines, though not for the reasons it probably hoped. The company is reportedly suing the French outlets Le Monde and Mediapart for their pieces on allegedly toxic work conditions. These include inappropriate jokes as well as homophobic and sexist behavior.
Detroit: Become Human launches exclusively for PlayStation 4 on May 25.
(AP Photo/David Zalubowski). Fourteen-year-old Kennedy Wares, right, and their grandmother, Nancy Eliott, both of Littleton, Colo., wait at the head of the public line for seats in the civil trial involving pop singer Taylor Swift, Friday, Aug. 11, 2017,...
(AP Photo/David Zalubowski). Members of the media stand on the sidewalk as they wait for Shannon Melcher to emerge from the federal courthouse after testifying in the civil trial involving pop singer Taylor Swift, Friday, Aug. 11, 2017, in Denver. Melc...
(AP Photo/David Zalubowski). Fourteen-year-old Kennedy Wares, second from right, confers with their grandmother, Nancy Elliott, both of Littleton, Colo., as they move up the public line to view the civil trial involving pop singer Taylor Swift, Friday, A...
(AP Photo/David Zalubowski). Ryan Kliesch, a Denver radio host, emerges from the federal courthouse after testifying in the civil trial involving pop singer Taylor Swift, Friday, Aug. 11, 2017, in Denver.
(AP Photo/David Zalubowski). Attorney Douglas Baldridge, center, who represented pop singer Taylor Swift, emerges from the federal courthouse after a ruling in the civil trial for the singer to determine whether a Denver radio announcer groped the sing...
DENVER (AP) - The Latest on a civil trial involving Taylor Swift and a former DJ they accused of groping their (all times local):
5:35 p.m.
Taylor Swift hugged their crying mother after jurors decided that a radio host groped the pop star during a pre-concert photo op four years ago.
After the jury sided with their Monday, the singer sent out a statement thanking their team for fighting for them and "anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault."
The jury also determined that Swift's mother, Andrea Swift, and radio liaison, Frank Bell, were within their rights to contact fired DJ David Mueller's bosses about the allegation.
Mueller sued over their ruined career, and the singer-songwriter filed a countersuit seeking the chance to stand up for other women.
In their statement, Swift acknowledged their privileged position and said they hope to help "those whose voices should also be heard." They say she'll be donating to organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves.
___
4:50 p.m.
Taylor Swift has won long-awaited vindication after a jury decided that a radio host groped them during a pre-concert photo op four years ago.
After a weeklong trial over dueling lawsuits, jurors determined Monday that fired Denver DJ David Mueller assaulted the pop star by grabbing their backside during a backstage meet-and-greet.
The six-woman, two-man jury also found that Swift's mother and radio liaison were within their rights to contact Mueller's bosses.
Mueller sued the Swifts and their radio handler, Frank Bell, seeking up to $3 million for their ruined career.
Just before closing arguments, the judge dismissed Taylor Swift from Mueller's lawsuit and drastically reduced the amount Mueller could collect.
The singer-songwriter said in their countersuit that they wanted a symbolic $1 and the chance to stand up for other women.
___
4:40 p.m.
Jurors have reached a verdict in dueling lawsuits over Taylor Swift's allegation that a radio host groped them during a backstage meet-and-greet in 2013.
The decision by six-woman, two-man jury will be read Monday in U.S. court in Denver.
It comes after a weeklong trial. Denver DJ David Mueller sued the pop star, their mother and their radio handler, Frank Bell, after they were fired, seeking up to $3 million for their ruined career.
Just before closing arguments, the judge dismissed Taylor Swift from Mueller's lawsuit and drastically reduced the amount Mueller could collect.
The singer-songwriter said in their countersuit that they wanted a symbolic $1 and the chance to stand up for other women.
___
12:35 p.m.
The Taylor Swift groping case has headed to a jury in federal court in Denver.
The jury got the case for deliberations Monday after Swift's attorney Douglas Baldridge questioned former DJ David Mueller's credibility in closing arguments.
In dueling lawsuits, Swift said Mueller groped them at a backstage 2013 event and Mueller accused Swift, their mother and a Swift representative of getting them fired while denying the groping accusation.
Baldridge noted Mueller lost audio recordings they took secretly during a meeting with their bosses after they were fired from a Denver country music station.
They said that "no credibility goes with a story-changing, evidence-destroying aggressor like David Mueller."
The eight-member jury must rule unanimously on Mueller's claim that Andrea Swift and Frank Bell wrongly caused Mueller's firing. A judge removed Swift as a defendant in the firing claim.
The jury also must reach a verdict on Swift's counterclaim of assault and battery and their request for a symbolic $1 judgment.
___
11:35 a.m.
Taylor Swift's attorney says she's standing up for all women in their federal lawsuit by taking on a man who they say groped them and is saying "No means no."
In closing arguments Monday, lawyer Douglas Baldridge characterized the former DJ who sued Swift after they lost their job as an "aggressor."
Former radio host David Mueller said Swift's claim that they groped them at a 2013 pre-concert event in Denver is false and led to theirs being fired.
Baldridge asked jurors: "Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to victimize their victims?"
Citing Swift's counterclaim alleging assault and battery, Baldridge asks jurors to "return a verdict for a single dollar, a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation."
___
11:30 a.m.
Taylor Swift cried during part of closing arguments in their civil trial alleging that a former radio DJ groped them before a 2013 concert.
The lawyer for former DJ David Mueller, Gabriel McFarland, questioned Monday whether the pop star's smiling face in a photo they appeared in with Mueller was the face of someone who was upset.
Swift's mother, Andrea Swift, touched their daughter's right leg as Swift cried and wiped their face in federal court in Denver. Them lawyer also rubbed them back.
Andrea Swift touched Swift's hand as McFarland said the photograph taken during the meet-and-greet in meant nothing.
Swift testified the photo was taken just as they were groped by Mueller, who denies the allegation.
_____
11:10 a.m.
A lawyer for the former radio DJ accused of groping Taylor Swift says the pop star's account is inconsistent with every other Swift team member's testimony and with a photo taken at the time of the alleged incident.
During closing arguments in Denver federal court Monday, attorney Gabriel McFarland told jurors Monday that David Mueller "is not the guy" who groped Swift during a photo op before a 2013 concert.
They argued that Swift's smiling face in the photo contradicts their testimony that they were groped the instant the photo was taken.
McFarland also cast doubt on a Swift security guard's claim that they saw Mueller touch Swift but did not act because they did not think they were in danger.
They also said the photographer who took the image "started it all" by pulling a photo of Mueller and their girlfriend with Swift from dozens they took during a meet-and-greet and showing it to Swift, who identified Mueller as the person who touched them
_____
10:20 a.m.
Closing arguments are underway in the civil trial involving Taylor Swift and the former radio DJ they accuse of groping them before a 2013 concert.
A lawyer for ex-DJ David Mueller, Gabriel McFarland, made their case to jurors first on Monday morning in Denver federal court.
Before arguments began, Judge William Martinez told jurors that a preponderance of evidence is needed to return a verdict.
The verdict form asks if Frank Bell, a radio liaison for Taylor Swift, and Andrea Swift intentionally caused Mueller to be fired from their job.
It also asks in Swift's counterclaim if Mueller assaulted or battered Swift.
The judge threw out Mueller's case against Taylor Swift on Friday.
_____
9:10 a.m.
Taylor Swift, their mother Andrea Swift, and former radio DJ David Mueller are back in a federal courtroom in Denver federal as the judge and attorneys for their groping case review instructions for the jury.
Monday's review is taking place outside the presence of the eight-member jury, which will be called in later in the morning to hear closing arguments.
Swift alleges Mueller groped them before a 2013 concert and they deny the allegation.
A judge ruled Friday Mueller did not prove Swift personally tried to end their career. Identical allegations against Andrea Swift and Frank Bell are expected to go to jurors.
Mueller sued the three after Swift's team reported the encounter to their bosses. They sought up to $3 million in damages. The judge ruled that they did not make a case for recovering that much money.
Swift countersued for a symbolic $1. The jury will consider their assault claim.
_____
9 a.m.
Lawyers are expected to make closing arguments Monday in a trial over allegations that a former radio host groped Taylor Swift before a 2013 Denver concert.
The former DJ alleges in a competing federal lawsuit that the star's mother and radio liaison tried to destroy their career.
A federal judge ruled Friday that former DJ David Mueller did not prove Swift personally tried to end their career.
Identical allegations against Andrea Swift and Frank Bell are expected to go to jurors.
Mueller sued the three after Swift's team reported the encounter to their bosses. They sought up to $3 million in damages. The judge ruled that they did not make a case for recovering that much money.
Swift countersued for a symbolic $1. The jury will consider their assault claim.
_____
7:55 a.m.
Lawyers are expected to make closing arguments Monday in a trial over allegations that a former radio host groped Taylor Swift backstage before a 2013 Denver concert.
The former DJ alleges in a competing federal lawsuit that the star's mother and radio liaison set out to destroy their career.
A federal judge ruled Friday that former DJ David Mueller did not prove Swift personally tried to end their career.
But identical allegations against Andrea Swift and Frank Bell are expected to go to jurors.
Mueller sued the three after Swift's team reported the 2013 encounter to their bosses. He's seeking up to $3 million, saying the allegation cost them their job.
Swift countersued for a symbolic $1. The jury will also consider their assault claim.
They called the encounter despicable.
_____
1:15 a.m.
Lawyers are expected to make closing arguments Monday in a trial concerning allegations that a former radio host groped Taylor Swift backstage before a concert in Denver, and competing allegations the singer's mother and their radio liaison set out to destroy the DJ's career after the photo op took place.
A federal judge on Friday determined that former DJ David Mueller didn't prove that Swift personally tried to end their career, but identical allegations against Andrea Swift and Frank Bell are expected to go to jurors.
Mueller sued the three after Swift's team reported the 2013 encounter to their bosses. He's seeking up to $3 million, saying the allegation cost them their job.
Swift countersued for a symbolic $1. The jury will also consider their assault claim.
They called the encounter with Mueller despicable.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
This year Americans have until April 18, a Tuesday, to file and pay federal taxes, partly because the traditional deadline of April 15 falls on a Saturday.
This year Americans have until April 18, a Tuesday, to file and pay federal taxes, partly because the traditional deadline of April 15 falls on a Saturday.
If you haven't filed your taxes yet, you can still e-file or file for an extension. But get cracking.
If you haven't filed your taxes yet, you can still e-file or file for an extension. But get cracking.
If you haven't filed your taxes yet, it's time
If you haven't filed your taxes yet, it's time
Effective income tax rates are more accurate representation of what individuals pay to the federal government.
Effective income tax rates are more accurate representation of what individuals pay to the federal government.
Need to print out a form, or e-file your taxes? Click here for the IRS website.
Need to print out a form, or e-file your taxes? Click here for the IRS website.
By STEPHEN OHLEMACHERAssociated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - Tuesday is Tax Day, that dreaded day when millions of procrastinators rush to fulfill their civic duty by filing state and federal tax returns.
But for most, it's not that bad. Sure, the forms are complicated and yes, there is math. But tax season also generates about $300 billion in refunds, a significant boost to the U.S. economy.
Five things to know about Tax Day:
___
MOST GET REFUNDS
The IRS so far has processed 101 million tax returns from individuals and about 80 percent have qualified for refunds. The average refund is $2,851, an increase of $53 over last year.
By the end of filing season, the IRS expects to process 150 million returns. That's after millions file for automatic six-month extensions.
___
CHANCES OF GETTING AUDITED ARE SLIM
The number of people audited by the IRS in 2016 dropped for the sixth straight year, to just over 1 million. That's less than 1 percent of filers.
The last time so few people were audited was 2004. Since then, the U.S. has added about 30 million people.
The IRS blames budget cuts as money for the agency shrank from $12.2 billion in 2010 to $11.2 billion last year.
But rich people beware. The higher your income, the more likely you are to be audited. Agents audited 5.8 percent of returns that reported more than $1 million in income.
___
RETURNS DOWN, REFUNDS DELAYED
Tax season got off to a slow start because the IRS delayed refunds for more than 40 million low-income families as part of the agency's efforts to fight identity theft.
The delays affected families claiming the earned income tax credit and the additional child tax credit. The tax breaks are geared to benefit the working poor, and many families claim both.
The tax filing season started Jan. 23. But a new law required the IRS to delay tax refunds for people claiming these credits until Feb. 15.
The delay was designed to give the agency more time to screen the returns for fraud. Throughout the tax filing season, the number of tax returns processed by the IRS has been lower than last year.
As of April 7, the IRS had received 104 million tax returns and processed 101 million. Both numbers are down about 3.5 percent from last year.
___
PEOPLE ILLEGALLY IN US PAY TAXES
There is a common myth that people in the U.S. illegally don't pay taxes. But data from both the IRS and the Social Security Administration says otherwise.
Yes, some work in the underground economy. But in 2015, the Social Security Administration estimated that immigrants who are in the U.S. illegally paid $100 billion in Social Security payroll taxes over the previous decade. They paid the taxes even though few will ever be able to collect benefits.
How does Social Security know when it receives taxes from immigrants who are in the U.S. illegally? One way is by tracking reported wages in which the Social Security number does not match the name the agency has on file.
Some of these are clerical errors or unreported name changes. But the agency estimates that a majority of the wages come from immigrants who have made-up Social Security numbers or used someone else's.
Also, the IRS has issued more than 20 million Individual Taxpayer Identification Numbers (ITINs) to foreigners.
The ITINs are supposed to be used by foreigners who have some form of U.S. income, and therefore owe U.S. taxes. However, the tax agency believes that many of them are used by people who are working in the U.S. illegally.
___
TAX DAY ISN'T MUCH OF A DEADLINE IF YOU'RE DUE A REFUND
The IRS doesn't like to talk about it, but penalties for filing late federal tax returns apply only to people who owe money. The penalty is a percentage of what you owe. If you owe nothing, there is no penalty.
But it doesn't make much sense to file late if you are owed a refund. And beware - if you have unpaid taxes, the late fees add up quickly.
The failure-to-file penalty is generally 5 percent of your unpaid tax bill for every month, or part of a month, you are late. It kicks in on April 19. In general, the maximum penalty is 25 percent of your original tax bill.
There also is a penalty for failing to pay your tax bill, separate from the penalty for failing to file at all, but it's much smaller. That's because the IRS wants you to file a return even if you don't have enough money to pay your bill.
The failure-to-pay penalty is 0.5 percent of your unpaid taxes for every month, or part of a month, you don't pay.
___
Follow Stephen Ohlemacher on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/stephenatap
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Logan, Utah – The University of Wyoming Cowgirl volleyball team bested the Utah State Aggies, 3-0 (25-20, 25-18, 25-12), in Mountain West action on Thursday night in Logan, Utah. The Cowgirls improved to 8-9 and 3-2 in conference play and also won their sixth-consecutive match against Utah State. Sophomore Tara Traphagan led the team with 14 kills against the Aggies, while junior Reed Copeland used a match-high seven blocks to move into seventh-place in program history. Copeland jumped past Judy Peck (1988-91) and now has 409 career blocks while wearing the Brown and Gold.
Wyoming was firing on all cylinders in the straight-set victory. UW had a .389 (22-8-36) attacking percentage in the opening set, followed with .478 (14-3-23) in the second and .333 (12-2-30) in the final set. The .393 (48-13-89) hitting clip against Utah State was a season-high for Wyoming and best since it used a .429 attacking percentage in a three-set sweep of Samford on Sept. 9, 2016.
Copeland added eight kills on Thursday night, while Traphagan chipped in four total blocks. Freshman Marissa Harmon dished out 30 assists for Wyoming, in addition to eight digs and five kills. Junior Emily Lewis also had eight kills against the Aggies, as sophomore Halie McArdle recorded seven kills and eight digs. Redshirt first-year student Jackie McBride had a solid night with six kills and three blocks, while senior Lily Austin was the lone individual with double-figure digs with ten and also tied their career-high with six assists.
The Cowgirls will travel to Boise, Idaho, for a 2 p.m. MT contests with Boise State on Saturday.
True beauty comes from within and our friends at Dove want you to know your uniqueness is what makes you stand out! Dove believes that beauty should be a source of confidence and not anxiety and Dove inspires women to want to look like the best version of themselves – because looking and feeling your best makes you feel happier. Watch the inspiring story of Kylee Howell, a real girl who has a real story of beauty to tell. Visit youtube.com/doveus.
Advertisement
RALEIGH, N.C. — Torin Dorn likes playing a big spot in North Carolina State's small lineup.
Dorn had 22 points and a career-high 17 rebounds to help N.C. State beat Missouri-Kansas City 88-69 on Saturday afternoon.
It was the third consecutive game of at least 10 rebounds for Dorn, who starts at power forward at 6-foot-5, 210 pounds. Dorn finished with six offensive rebounds, and they scored after four of them.
“I feel extremely comfortable,” they said. “I just try to use my quickness because I'm outsized a lot of times.”
The Wolfpack pulled away with a 22-2 run late in the first half on the way to a 47-24 lead at halftime. N.C. State (8-2) scored on eight consecutive possessions during the spurt, getting baskets from six players.
Markell Johnson added 17 points for the Wolfpack, who never trailed in their lone scheduled home game of the season at Reynolds Coliseum. Braxton Beverly scored 12 points and Allerik Freeman had 10 for N.C. State.
Aleer Leek tied a career high with 15 points to lead UMKC (3-8), which cut N.C. State's lead to 11 points late in the second half.
Xavier Bishop and Marco Smith scored 12 points each for the Kangaroos.
BIG PICTURE
UMKC: The Kangaroos are searching for continuity during a season in which they had to replace all five starters from their 18-win team a year ago. They had some nice moments, especially in the second half. “I liked the fact that we finally started competing,” UMKC coach Kareem Richardson said. “I think we were a little shell-shocked, or a lot of shell-shocked, there in the first half by their speed and their athleticism.”
N.C. State: The Wolfpack came out with good energy in the first half after a one-week break. They consistently moved the ball into the paint on offence and did what they were supposed to do against an overmatched opponent. “I would've liked to have seen us play a little bit better in the second half as far as doing a great job on the defensive end,” N.C. State coach Kevin Keatts said. “That's something we can work on.”
HIGHLIGHT REEL
Johnson had a dunk to remember during N.C. State's big first-half spurt. They caught a pass in stride over UMKC's press and accelerated toward the basket, where they encountered UMKC's 7-foot-2 centre Mo Ahmed. The 6-1 Johnson elevated and finished with a powerful right-handed jam over Ahmed, drawing a foul in the process.
“I knew who they are,” Johnson said. “I saw him. I still went up. You know, poster.”
FRIENDS AND FOES
Keatts quickly made their way to the visiting locker room after the game for another meeting with Richardson, a close friend. The coaches worked together as assistant coaches under Rick Pitino at Louisville and shared a big hug before tipoff. They also shared a meal at a local restaurant the night before.
“We probably talk four or five times a week,” Richardson said. “We're consistent. He's one of my best friends.”
INJURY UPDATE
N.C. State's Abdul-Malik Abu returned from a two-game absence because of soreness in their right knee. Abu, who sprained the knee during the preseason, wore a large brace. They finished with six points and six rebounds in nine minutes, but they uncharacteristically bobbled the ball a few times in their first game action since Nov. 24.
“I thought they were a little anxious,” Keatts said. “His timing is off, and it's going to take a little time. You can't simulate game speed in practice.”
UP NEXT
UMKC finishes its stretch of three consecutive road games with a matchup at Incarnate Word on Dec. 16.
N.C. State plays the fourth of six consecutive home games when it hosts UNC Greensboro on Dec. 16.
The Latest on the incident in which a van plowed down a Toronto sidewalk, killing and injuring several people (all times local):
11:05 a.m.
The president of Toronto's police union says an officer's behavior in arresting a suspect in Monday's deadly van attack was "one shining moment" in an otherwise horrific day.
Mike McCormack of the Toronto Police Association said Tuesday "We're extremely proud of him," and adds, "He may have prevented additional deaths."
Videos circulating on social media show the officer confronting the suspect even as they point a dark object toward the officer.
The officer refuses to shoot and repeatedly yells for the man to get down.
The suspect warns they have a gun in their pocket.
And they can be heard saying: "Shoot me in the head."
From a high-rise window, another video appears to show the suspect walking backward with their arms raised as the officer moves toward him.
The suspect eventually goes to the ground and street-level footage shows the officer kneeling over them as they lie on the pavement.
———
10:25 a.m.
A judge in Canada has ordered the 25-year-old man suspected of plowing a van into pedestrians in north Toronto detained on 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Suspect Alek Minassian learned of the charges in a brief initial hearing before a judge in Toronto on Tuesday.
Minassian wore a white jail jumpsuit and had their hands handcuffed. They showed little emotion.
They were asked to say their name and if they understood an order not to have any contact with anyone injured in Monday's crash scene on a busy sidewalk.
They did not enter a plea to the charges and was ordered to return to court on May 10.
———
9:25 a.m.
The president of Invesco Canada says one of the financial company's employees was among those killed in when a van plowed into pedestrians in Toronto.
Peter Intraligi says the company's "thoughts and prayers" were with "all those impacted by this tragic event."
The company had earlier issued a statement saying two of its employees were affected.
A new statement from Intraligi says "I can now confirm that unfortunately one of our employees has succumbed to their injuries." They added: "Out of respect for them and their family, we will not be providing any further comments."
Police are trying to determine why a driver plowed a rented van along a crowded sidewalk in Toronto, killing 10 people and injuring 15 in what many said seemed a deliberate attack.
———
8:55 a.m.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says authorities see no national security element in the seeming attack on pedestrians in Canada's largest city.
Trudeau says the incident "hasn't changed the overall threat level in Canada," though it occurred as Cabinet ministers from the G7 nations are meeting in Toronto.
Trudeau says Canada will do whatever it can to keep its citizens safe, while staying true to its values.
Speaking at a news conference Tuesday, they said, "We cannot as Canadians choose to live in fear every single day as we go about our daily business."
Police are trying to determine why a driver plowed a rented van along a crowded sidewalk in Toronto, killing 10 people and injuring 15 in what many said seemed a deliberate attack.
It's a new year, and that means we get another new Forza (this time on both Xbox One and PC). Forza Motorsport 7 is, so far, a great racer, adding plenty of new features that warrant a return to the world of motorsports. However, some changes to the way it handles in-game currency and microtransactions might leave you a bit confused about how to pull in cash quickly and buy the cars you want to drive. Fear not, though, we already put plenty of time into just about every facet of the game and our Forza 7 Beginners Guide will give you tips to win races and build up your car collection fast.
Get your first luxury car for free
To start with, Forza 7 gives you one chance to get a slick, brand-new car for free. When you start up the game and finish your first few tutorial races, you are given the chance to select one major race series that you want to compete in. The game will start you with hatchbacks. Now, we love the Ford Fiesta as much as anyone, but if you're looking for something a bit weirder or a bit more… well … awesome, you can pick a different race set.
We went with “Rise of the Supercar” because it gave us access to the McClaren F1, the Ferrari F40 and F50, Bugatti EB110 Super Sport, and the classic Lamborghini Diablo. Some of these cars top over a million credits — which can be more than 10 hours' worth of play — but not if you get them right at the start. You will lose your chance for a free Golf GTI, but we think it is worth it.
Other options include off-road buggies and “Open Wheel Legends,” which is marketing-speak for Grand Prix racers from the 60s and 70s. Unfortunately, if you're already beyond this point, there is no going back. Think of it like picking your starter Pokémon. But instead of a cute critter that shoots lightning bolts from its cheeks, you get a multi-million dollar machine.
Use mods wisely
The major thing to cover is a holdover from Forza 6 — race mods. Mods are cards you collect — usually from loot crates — which can be used to modify the conditions of a race. Some will alter basic game settings, like where your camera is positioned. Others simply challenge you to take a couple more risks or reward you for having a commanding lead over the other competitors.
If you want to really stack the deck in your favor, you can match the mods to the track. Some, like those that require you to stay on track the whole race. Maps like Rio de Janeiro are basically impossible to slip off of because the track is narrow and urban (as opposed to some of the bigger, more rural test tracks). As long as you do well that race, you can easily double or even quadruple your winnings.
Whichever way you go, it's worth looking at a race's stats — the length, track map, etc. — to get an idea of which mods you want to spend your cards on. If you don't manage to finish or you fail to complete the conditions, the cards don't go away. However, if you choose to equip them (and you can bring up to three) for an easier or relatively shorter race, you might get the mileage out of them. And make no mistake, these are a limited resource. Basic mod crates sell for cheap in the in-game store, but some go for more than $200,000. Often the mods you get from these boxes won't make it worth the cost, unless you take extra steps to maximize their value.
Make races longer whenever you can
New to Forza 7 is the opportunity to make races dramatically longer. This is here a couple reasons. For one, most actual, real-world races don't just run a few laps. It would be pretty boring to get thousands out to Le Mans or Suzuka only to have them hang out for all of 10 minutes. Two, there are a couple of longer races in Forza, running over 100 miles by default. You won't be able to use mods for these, but given that you could be sitting there, digitally driving for hours on end, Forza wants to make sure you're ready for it.
To do this, go into the “assists” menu during race setup and then arrow down to the bottom to select race length. A “long” race doubles the race length (at a minimum), while “extra-long” more than triples it. The exact bump varies race-to-race, but it is dramatic. You can use this, plus some of your nicer mods to really jack up how much you can earn from a race. Some mods will grant you upwards of 80 percent bonuses. And they stack. Each race's rewards scale with distance, primarily. So if you want to pull in a lot of money with relatively little time investment, load up on your favorite add-ons and go for the longest race you can.
Unfortunately, while you can extend the basic endurance races, Forza does not allow you to use mods for them. So, while they will definitely net you some sizable rewards on their own, if you want to maximize efficacy, just tinker with what you have by default.
One final note on that, though: If you're likely to get bored, you may want to mess with some of the assist options, as well. Longer races are a lot more forgiving, because you have plenty of time to make up for a mistake, plus, many mods give big benefits for being in third or fifth. So if you're thinking about driving for 30 minutes or more in one go is a bit dry, challenge yourself by taking away some of the assists you normally use and spend that time getting a bit better.
Boost your collector tier first
One of the other changes is the new “collector tier” system, which locks off all but the most basic cars right off the bat (your free first auto excluded, of course). You boost your collector rating simply by buying cars. Each car has a value that is often (but not always) based on how much you pay for the car. You can sell vehicles immediately and keep whatever points you gained toward the next level, but you have to own it at some point.
Boosting your rating as fast as you can will help you earn more cash after each race, get access to better cars, etc. It's essential and also really easy in the early stages. After each race, you get a bit of experience that gradually goes toward your “driver level,” a separate rating that roughly gauges experience with the game. Many times when you ding, you get the chance to get a car that is either free, or drastically cheaper than normal, but often with the same collector score bonus. Take advantage of these when you can, and you should be able to hit level 5 — which unlocks all the good stuff — well before you are done with the game.
Then, because rewards scale with your collector level, you will be able to make the most of those bonuses for the rest of the game. Combine this with intelligent mod use and lengthening races and you can make an embarrassing amount of cash in very, very short order. Especially because longer races also give you more experience points. That, in turn, means more levels, which means more rewards that will be boosted thanks to your higher collector tier.
Create tunes and designs
This last tip will be for the folks that don't want to play a ton all at once just to have more in-game dollars. If you only play a little each day, then you probably want to spend some time tinkering with tunes and making paint jobs for popular cars.
After a certain number of uses, you start seeing payouts that will increase the more your designs and setups are used. You will see these each time you start the game in the “message center.” You should also check there each day as your Drivatar will be constantly appearing in others' games and earning you cash, and this is where you'll collect.
You won't, however, make anything extra if you don't cross a threshold of downloads for your designs. What that exact figure is, Forza doesn't say, but it's not too high. We set up simple paint jobs for the Porsche 911 GT2 RS, for instance, that used a black-and-red color scheme. Given that the car is on the box, brand new, and from a major name, we saw use from other players rise pretty quick. Plus, the fact that we went with a neutral scheme that many people will dig on a sports car meant that we just had to sit back and collect our daily rewards.
There is no limit, really, to how many cars you can do this with. You just need to own it, and then you can make whatever design you want and upload it. If it is popular, you will make bank. Obviously, not too many people will be able to do this, but if you really want to make a lot of money, seeking out the most popular cars (probably any Ferrari or Lambo, honestly) and making simple designs and tuning setups for each should pull in a good chunk of cash in short order.
Nahdia Baker was facing over a dozen charges — and on most of those — the jury said they were not guilty.
CCT acquttal: “A torturous trial but i harbour no grudge” – Saraki
The President of the Senate Dr. Bukola Saraki has described their almost two years long trial at the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT) as a torturous one.
Saraki in an official statement on their acquittal by the tribunal said although they went through a crucible trial, they harboured no grudge for anyone despite the roles they might have played in the trial.
They said that it was rather time for celebration of the victory of democracy and sign that the innocent still have a chance in the judiciary.
Saraki said they are humble by their acquittal and called on all their supporters not to engage in any form of unbridled celebration rather, should reflect on the current challenges of the nation which gives no room for wanton celebration.
The Code of Conduct Tribunal on Wednesday discharged and acquitted Saraki on a false declaration of assets case brought against him.
Chairman of the Tribunal, Danladi Umar who ruled, said there was no evidence to continue the trial against Saraki
Read full text of Saraki's statement:
“Today, June 14, 2017, the Code of Conduct Tribunal sitting in Abuja discharged and acquitted me on a case of false declaration of assets, which started in September 2015.
“You would recall that at the beginning of the trial, I maintained that I will clear my name. The conclusion of this trial has vindicated my position. With the outcome of this case, our faith is renewed in our courts and our hope is restored that the judiciary in our country could indeed provide sanctuary for all those who seek justice.
“I thank the Almighty Allah, the ultimate Judge and the repository of all powers. They alone has brought about this victory. I am immensely grateful to all my colleagues in the National Assembly for their abiding support. All through my trial, they demonstrated their strong conviction about the choice we all decided to make two years ago. I thank members of my family for their unflinching support. I thank all friends and supporters back home in Kwara State and across the length and breadth of our country for their prayers and their sacrifices. My gratitude also goes to all members of my legal team for their tireless efforts to ensure the cause of justice is served.
“After undergoing the crucible of a tortuous trial, my vindication today calls for celebration. It is my belief however that if there should be any celebration at all, it should be a celebration of the hopes that this judgment gives us as citizens that despite all the challenges that we face as a country, we are well on our way to building a country where the innocent needs not be afraid. I therefore urge all my supporters to refrain from any unbridled triumphalism. The challenges that our country faces today are enormous and do not allow for wanton celebration. Instead, we should all reflect on the significance of this moment and what it meant for our democracy.
“On a personal note, I harbour no grudge against anyone, regardless of the role they might have played in the persecution that I had endured in the last two years. I believe that If my trial had in anyway given hope to the common man that no matter the forces arraigned against him, they can still get justice in our courts, then my tribulation had not been in vain.
“Once again, I thank my colleagues in the 8th Senate for standing firm. Regardless of the distraction of my trial, we have achieved more than legislators than the previous Senates. Now that this distraction is over, we can even achieve so much more. We must now proceed from here with greater vigour to deliver on the expectations of Nigerians and show that this 8th Senate can indeed play a central role in improving the quality of lives of our people.
“Lastly, I thank all the gentlemen of the press for your abiding interest in this case, which I believe had contributed in no small measure in ensuring that truth and reason ultimately prevailed.
The post CCT acquttal: “A torturous trial but i harbour no grudge” – Saraki appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A decision on the winning bid will be made June 13 at the FIFA Congress in Mexico
The group hoping to bring the 2026 World Cup to North America has defended its decision for a 60-10-10 split in games.
The plan calls for the U.S. to stage 60 games, including all games from the quarter-finals. Canada and Mexico will each stage 10 matches.
Carlos Cordeiro, president of the U.S. Soccer Federation, called it “the most optimal mix of cities and matches.” And they said the bid is not anticipating that the world governing body of soccer will make any changes to its proposal, assuming it wins.
“The split of matches that we have proposed to FIFA frankly reflect the resources of the three countries,” Cordeiro told a media conference call Monday. “We in the United States are blessed with some very substantial resources in terms of stadium infrastructure, cities and so on. And that reflects the 60 matches we have on the table.
“But at the end of the day there is a reason why FIFA has encouraged joint bids and we do think that our joint bids taken together provide for a vastly superior bid than our competition.”
🇩🇪 Germany's World Cup winning goal in 2014. pic.twitter.com/scZrsflbFQ — FIFA World Cup (@WorldCupHQ) March 3, 2018
The so-called unified bid is up against Morocco to stage the men's soccer showcase. A decision on the winning bid will be made June 13 at the FIFA Congress in Mexico.
The North American group presented its bid book to FIFA on Friday in Zurich.
Steven Reed, president of the Canada Soccer Association, downplayed the decision by Vancouver to withdraw as a candidate host city because it could not agree to FIFA's demands.
“I think we're still really excited about that the candidate host cities that we have,” said Reed, referencing Edmonton, Montreal and Toronto.
“I guess to be perfectly honest I would be disappointed in that it's my back yard and I've lived there for most of my life,” added Reed, a native of North Vancouver, when asked again about Vancouver missing out.
Chicago and Minneapolis also pulled out at the last minute.
The 2026 World Cup will feature a newly expanded format with 48 teams and 80 games, up from 32 and 60 respectively.
9⃣2⃣ DAYS TO GO! 🏆🇷🇺
There's been 92 🇪🇸@SeFutbol goals at the #WorldCup so far, but only one produced a reaction quite like this. H/T: @andresiniesta8 😉 pic.twitter.com/xUkGiZQlRh — FIFA World Cup 🏆 (@FIFAWorldCup) March 14, 2018
Cordeiro also cited the “opportunity for record revenues” with all games sold out and some 5.8 million tickets sold, making for ticketing revenue of more than US$2.1 billion.
The North American bid features 23 candidate host cities — including the three in Canada and three in Mexico. That list will be likely be reduced to no more than 16 by FIFA should the North American bid prevail.
Mexican Football Federation president Decio De Maria said it will be easy for those living in the north of Mexico to attend games in the southern U.S.
“I think it is the same for Canadians,” they said. “They can attend easily the games that are going to be in the north of the U.S.”
De Maria called that mobility “a rich powerful tool of our bid.”
The three executives were in Kuala Lumpur where they were presenting their bid to Asian soccer officials. They have already visited officials in South America, Africa and Europe.
“We're not taking any vote for granted,” said Cordeiro.
The U.S. soccer boss said they were not concerned that the North American bid might be affected by anti-Trump sentiments around the globe.
“We believe strongly that this decision will be made on its merits,” they said.
“Look, this is not geopolitics,” they added, when pressed on the matter. “We're talking about football and fundamentally, at the end of the day, what's in the best interest of football and our footballing community. And we've had no backlash.”
Neil Davidson, The Canadian Press
CLEARWATER, Fla. (WFLA) – A two-year-old boy from the Tampa Bay area is lucky to be alive thanks to the help of some strangers.
Vince Tropea is the father of a five-year-old, so when the manager on duty at the Sheraton Sand Key got word of a possible drowning in the resort pool, their parental instincts kicked in.
“I sprinted out to the pool and arrived on scene,” said Tropea, who was at the other end of the hotel at the time.
Two other strangers were already at the pool helping the lifeless boy: Sean O'Hare, a police officer from Morris Township, New Jersey, in Clearwater on vacation and an unidentified woman.
“I saw a huge crowd over by the towel hut and lots of screaming and noise and stuff like that,” Tropea said.
They immediately pitched in.
“I cleared everybody away, which we're trained to do, and took over CPR at the time,” they said.
The strangers revived the boy in two to three minutes.
“I could hear gasping, so I turned them on their side until they re-gained their own breathing,” the manager said.
Clearwater Police Department spokesperson Rob Shaw said the boy was taken to All Children's Hospital in St. Petersburg for observation and was later released.
Tropea points to the others for saving the boy's life.
“I'm extremely grateful they were released today. Apparently, he's doing well. But, it was a team effort,” they said.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>> BACK TO TOP STORIES
Naira appreciates against dollar at investors' window – Vanguard
Vanguard Naira appreciates against dollar at investors' window
Vanguard
The Naira on Tuesday appreciated to N360 to the dollar at the investors' window, after depreciating for five consecutive days. The Nigerian currency gained 54kobo to exchange at N360, stronger than N360.54 traded on Monday, while it was sold at N305.7 …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
STRUTHERS, Ohio (WYTV) – The Bulldogs improve to 15-0 on the season with a 76-60 victory over the Wildcats Friday night.
Junior Braeden O'Shaughnessy led the way with 26 points for Poland. Senior Mike Diaz added 19 points, and Daniel Kramer chipped in 18.
Struthers was led in scoring by sophomore Carson Ryan, with 17 points. Senior Ryan Leonard added 14, while Isaiah Torrence had 12 for the Wildcats. Struthers will look to bounce back against Edgewood next Tuesday night.
It was the Monday afternoon of the Canada Day long weekend and everything was going to be perfect. Sarp Kizir, a civil servant, diehard foodie and sometime Ottawa food writer, was doing what they loved to do and preparing a meal for their girlfriend, Nancy Wood, who was en route to their place after a weekend of camping.
Headlining the menu would be chicken and beef tacos, fresh salad, a rice and bean dish, guacamole, tortillas and the kicker — a salsa verde, that is, a green salsa, not the factory-produced red stuff. It's made from tomatillos, also known as Mexican husk tomatoes, which carry a more acidic taste than their red cousins and are best transformed into girlfriend-impressing salsa verde by grilling them on the barbecue.
“Everything was being made from scratch, although I did buy the tortillas — but they were a special corn tortilla,” Kizir says. “For the salsa, you need to grill the tomatillos, just until there is a good char on the outside.”
So Kizir fired up the barbecue, and waited for the coals to get hot. And while they did, a severe weather alert pinged across their phone, warning of thunderstorms in the area. The coming weather didn't concern the chef. Kizir had cooked in the rain before and, because they find the sound of the rain meditative, they started filming it as it fell.
“I document everything,” they say. “And it was this nice little rain shower, and I liked the scene of the barbecue flames wafting about, and I thought I could turn it into a mesmerizing meditation video I could use in the future — because I am really into that.
“I watch meditation videos to fall asleep to every night — super soothing, super relaxing stuff.”
Thunder crashed, a nice effect, thought Kizir, staying in the Zen moment until, in the next moment, lightning zapped down into their backyard.
“I could feel the reverberation, a pop — in the air — and a loud clap, right above my head, and it was so fast and so strong and so close,” they say. “I didn't see an actual bolt. But I sensed a flash, the light.”
And they noticed that they are, in fact, still standing outside in what was now a raging thunderstorm — and still filming — while experiencing an intense and sudden urge to be “inside.”
“I was scared, paranoid, and then I made eye contact with my door and I thought, ‘Here is my plan: I am going to go under the roof and slide inside and get out of harm's way.”
And they did, cackling like a loon once they were safe, knowing they had survived some kind of cosmic near miss with near certain disaster. (According to Environment Canada, the country experiences over 2 million lightning strikes a year. Despite our relatively short summer lightning season, about 10 people are killed annually by lightning.)
Once the adrenaline rush ebbed away, the foodie went to check on their coals — perfect — then brushed their tomatillos in olive oil and got cooking.
And the verdict?
“Dinner was a hit,” Kizir says. “My girlfriend loved it.”
• Email: joconnor@nationalpost.com | Twitter: oconnorwrites
Try Sarp Kizir's recipe for salsa verde
(minus the lightning)
10-15 tomatillos
2 tsp kosher salt
1 tsp black pepper
Juice of one lime
1 cup of cilantro
2 roasted garlic cloves
1 roasted hot pepper of your choosing (not necessary if you don't want spice)
Cover with olive oil and grill tomatillos and garlic/peppers until skin is charred and flesh is soft to the touch. Once ready, remove from grill and place everything into a mixing bowl. Add the rest of ingredients and blitz with a hand blender or with a food processor.Add salt and spice to taste as you mix. Serve immediately, or refrigerate and serve it for the rest of the week.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – The Boardman boys went on the road and grabbed their 6th win of the season Saturday night topping Youngstown East 76-56.
Larry Ransom led the way for the Golden Bears with 16 points while Kemon'dre Muhammed had 13 and Timothy Williams added 10.
The win moves Boardman to 6-9 while East falls to 6-10.
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) — Now that the kids are back in school, why not take the time to learn something yourself and explore the Tampa Bay area's circus roots at the same time?
The fitness classes at Keep Yoga and Circus Arts in Ybor City never get stale, putting a twist on traditional yoga by combining it with circus apparatuses, taking the balance, focus and stretching to the air.
Co-owner Jessica Watson drew on their circus background to develop classes for the masses.
“My mom was in the Sailor Circus in Sarasota, my grandma was in the circus. They taught me a lot of what I know how to do,” said Watson.
They say they spent years in the backyard with their family learning how to tumble, twist, and fly. When they met Kaley Gay, a yoga instructor and professional dancer, the two hit it off and Watson started teaching Gay all of their circus stunts.
Over time, friends gathered in the now-roommates' yard wanting to learn circus arts too. And that's when the idea of opening a fitness studio took off.
Gay stresses that beginners don't start with the high-flying acrobatics, the goal is to work up to it in time. They say their students range from age eight to pupils in their 60s.
The Keep Yoga and Circus Arts studio also has a performance group, Aerial Dragons, that gives students a chance to show off what they've learned.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>> BACK TO TOP STORIES
VAL D'ISERE, France — Marcel Hirscher quickly disappeared from the finish area after their disappointing opening run of a men's World Cup slalom on Sunday.
The Austrian star went back to the hotel, studied video footage of their run, changed their ski equipment, and beat the field by a large margin few hours later.
“After the first run I was in shock about how much I struggled. It wasn't easy for me,” said Hirscher, who ended up beating their main slalom rival, Henrik Kristoffersen of Norway, by 0.39 seconds, while Andre Myhrer of Sweden was another 0.01 behind in third.
“In the second run I wanted to try something different,” Hirscher said. “We used a completely different setup, and it has worked out perfectly.”
Hirscher and their team managed to adapt their skis better to the tough conditions on the Stade Olympique de Bellevarde course. Dense snowfall made for a slope with lots of soft spots, so Hirscher decided to use skis with less sharp edges.
It helped the six-time overall champion from Austria to overcome a deficit of more than half a second from the first leg, which Hirscher finished in eighth. It was the Austrian's 47th career win and first in a slalom race since breaking their left ankle in a practice run in August.
“My skiing is good again, but my looseness is still miles away from where it once was,” said Hirscher, who trailed first-run leader Stefano Gross of Italy by 0.55 seconds after the opening leg.
Eyeing their second career win, Gross posted only the 20th fastest time in the final run and dropped to sixth. It was the fourth time that the Italian slalom specialist failed to capitalize on winning an opening run. Their only triumph so far came in Adelboden, Switzerland, in January 2015. They also have 10 top-three finishes.
Many racers struggled on the course, which contained spots of slippery ice as well as soft snow, while snow on their goggles limited visibility. Before the start, course workers removed a 30-centimetre layer of fresh snow off the race line.
Kristoffersen, the second pre-race favourite alongside Hirscher, also improved after finishing 0.41 off the lead in fourth in the opening run.
“I had too many mistakes and I was at the limit so I am satisfied with second place,” the Norwegian said. “I took a lot of risks, was very fast in parts. But Marcel is an incredible ski racer, hats off to him.”
Kristoffersen also finished second in the season-opening slalom in Levi, Finland, in November, and has taken the lead in the discipline standings with 180 points, 46 clear of Hirscher.
Germany's Felix Neureuther, who won the race in Levi, is out indefinitely after damaging their left knee in practice.
The men's World Cup next travels to Val Gardena, Italy, for speed races on Friday and Saturday.
High demand and low supply of IT professionals may lead to turnover in the new year, a new report found. Some 32% of IT professionals said they plan to search for or take an IT job with a new employer in 2018, according to Spiceworks' 2018 IT Career Outlook.
Among those planning to make a job move, 75% said they are seeking a better salary, 70% said they want to advance their skills, and 39% said they want to work for a company that prioritizes IT more than the one they currently work for.
Of the 2,163 IT professionals from North America and Europe surveyed, 7% said they plan to start working as a consultant, while 5% said they plan to leave the IT industry altogether. Another 2% reported plans to retire in 2018.
Some employees said they expect positive changes from their current employer in the new year: 51% of IT professionals said they expect a raise from their current employer next year, while 21% said they also expect a promotion. However, 24% said they don't expect any career changes or raises in the next year.
SEE: IT jobs 2018: Hiring priorities, growth areas, and strategies to fill open roles (Tech Pro Research)
Millennials in particular (36%) were more likely to say they were seeking new employment—more than Gen Xers (32%) and baby boomers (23%). Millennial IT professionals are also more likely to leave their current employer to find a better salary, advance their skills, work for a more talented team, and receive better employee perks than older employees. Meanwhile, Gen X IT professionals are more likely to leave their jobs to seek a better work-life balance, while baby boomers are more likely to leave due to burnout.
Despite those who plan to leave their jobs, 70% of IT professionals say they are satisfied with their current jobs—though 63% say they believe they are underpaid, the report found. This number is even higher among millennials: 68% of millennial IT workers feel underpaid, compared to 60% of Gen X and 61% of baby boomers.
In terms of salary, millennial IT professionals are paid a median income of $50,000 per year, while Gen X IT professionals are paid $65,000, and baby boomers are paid $70,000. These salaries also correlate to years of experience, the report noted.
In terms of tech skills needed to be successful in any IT job in the coming year, 81% of IT professionals reported that cybersecurity expertise was critical.
Despite understanding how critical this area is, only 19% of IT pros reported having advanced cybersecurity knowledge—potentially putting organizations at risk. This echoes previous research about the dearth of cybersecurity professionals currently available to companies, as well as the need to upskill employees to fill security gaps.
SEE: Cheat sheet: How to become a cybersecurity pro
About 75% of IT professionals also said that it was critical to have experience in networking, infrastructure hardware, end-user devices, and storage and backup. Of these, 41% said they have advanced networking skills, 50% said they have advanced infrastructure hardware skills, and 79% said they are advanced in supporting and troubleshooting end user devices, including laptops, desktops, and tablets.
"Although the majority of IT professionals are satisfied with their jobs, many also believe they should be making more money, and will take the initiative to find an employer who is willing to pay them what they're worth in 2018," Peter Tsai, senior technology analyst at Spiceworks, said in a press release. "Many IT professionals are also motivated to change jobs to advance their skills, particularly in cybersecurity. As data breaches and ransomware outbreaks continue to haunt businesses, IT professionals recognize there is high demand for skilled security professionals now, and in the years to come."
Want to use this data in your next business presentation? Feel free to copy and paste these top takeaways into your next slideshow.
32% of IT professionals said they plan to search for or take an IT job with a new employer in 2018. -Spiceworks, 2017
Among IT pros planning to make a job move, 75% said they are seeking a better salary, 70% said they want to advance their skills, and 39% said they want to work for a company that prioritizes IT more. -Spiceworks, 2017
81% of IT professionals reported that cybersecurity expertise was critical in the field, but only 19% said they had advanced cybersecurity skills. -Spiceworks, 2017
Image: iStockphoto/Rawpixel
Keep up to date on all of the latest leadership news. Click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Executive Briefing newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) Columbus defenseman Zach Werenski will miss the rest of the postseason because of a broken cheekbone.
The Blue Jackets announced the decision Monday, one day after the 19-year-old rookie took a puck to the face on a shot by Pittsburgh's Phil Kessel that opened a gash on their right cheek in the second period.
They played a couple shifts in the third period with a full facemask, but their eye swelled shut and they had to sit out the rest of the game. They tweeted a photo of their face after the game that showed their eye nearly swollen shut.
Pittsburgh won the game 5-4 in overtime for a 3-0 lead in their first-round series. Game 4 is Tuesday night.
—
More AP NHL hockey at https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
LOS ANGELES — Rapper Trey Songz, who has been accused of beating a woman during a Hollywood party, was booked today on suspicion of domestic violence and released on bail.
Los Angeles police said the 33-year-old rapper, whose real name is Tremaine Neverson, was arrested around 6:30 a.m. by the department's Hollywood Division. They were released on $50,000 bail around 8 a.m., according to sheriff's jail records.
According to TMZ.com, the rapper surrendered to authorities accompanied by their attorney, Shawn Holley.
Trey Songz also took to Twitter Monday morning to make their first public comments about the accusations.
I won't be speaking too much more on this but would like to thank you for all the prayers and support. 🙏🏾❤️💪🏾 — Trey Songz (@TreySongz) March 19, 2018
“For weeks my lawyers and (management) have asked me not to comment on this and I initially agreed but this morning I feel that my (family) and fans especially the youth need to hear from me,” they wrote. “I am being lied on and falsely accused for someone's personal gain. I won't be speaking too much more on this but would like to thank you for all the prayers and support.”
A woman named Andrea Buera, 27, held a news conference with attorney Lisa Bloom in Woodland Hills last week, saying the rapper attacked them while they were attending an after-party during the NBA All-Star Weekend in Los Angeles.
WOODLAND HILLS, CA – MARCH 13: A monitor displays images of Andrea Buera with injuries allegedly caused by Trey Songz, during a press conference with Buera's attorney Lisa Bloom where they are accusing Songz of assault at The Bloom Firm on March 13, 2018 in Woodland Hills, California. Buera has already obtained a restraining order based on the alleged assault that took place February 18 in Hollywood. (Photo by Greg Doherty/Getty Images)
WOODLAND HILLS, CA – MARCH 13: A monitor displays images of Andrea Buera with injuries allegedly caused by Trey Songz, during a press conference with Buera's attorney Lisa Bloom where they are accusing Songz of assault at The Bloom Firm on March 13, 2018 in Woodland Hills, California. Buera has already obtained a restraining order based on the alleged assault that took place February 18 in Hollywood. (Photo by Greg Doherty/Getty Images)
WOODLAND HILLS, CA – MARCH 13: A monitor displays images of Andrea Buera with injuries allegedly caused by Trey Songz, during a press conference with Buera's attorney Lisa Bloom where they are accusing Songz of assault at The Bloom Firm on March 13, 2018 in Woodland Hills, California. Buera has already obtained a restraining order based on the alleged assault that took place February 18 in Hollywood. (Photo by Greg Doherty/Getty Images)
WOODLAND HILLS, CA – MARCH 13: Andrea Buera, who is accusing Trey Songz of assaulting her, speaks during a press conference with their attorney Lisa Bloom at The Bloom Firm on March 13, 2018 in Woodland Hills, California. Buera has already obtained a restraining order based on the alleged assault that took place February 18 in Hollywood. (Photo by Greg Doherty/Getty Images)
WOODLAND HILLS, CA – MARCH 13: A monitor displays images of Andrea Buera with injuries allegedly caused by Trey Songz, during a press conference with Buera's attorney Lisa Bloom where they are accusing Songz of assault at The Bloom Firm on March 13, 2018 in Woodland Hills, California. Buera has already obtained a restraining order based on the alleged assault that took place February 18 in Hollywood. (Photo by Greg Doherty/Getty Images)
WOODLAND HILLS, CA – MARCH 13: A monitor displays images of Andrea Buera with injuries allegedly caused by Trey Songz, during a press conference with Buera's attorney Lisa Bloom where they are accusing Songz of assault at The Bloom Firm on March 13, 2018 in Woodland Hills, California. Buera has already obtained a restraining order based on the alleged assault that took place February 18 in Hollywood. (Photo by Greg Doherty/Getty Images)
WOODLAND HILLS, CA – MARCH 13: Andrea Buera (R), who is accusing Trey Songz of assaulting her, speaks during a press conference with their attorney Lisa Bloom (L) at The Bloom Firm on March 13, 2018 in Woodland Hills, California. Buera has already obtained a restraining order based on the alleged assault that took place February 18 in Hollywood. (Photo by Greg Doherty/Getty Images)
WOODLAND HILLS, CA – MARCH 13: Andrea Buera (R), who is accusing Trey Songz of assaulting her, speaks during a press conference with their attorney Lisa Bloom (L) at The Bloom Firm on March 13, 2018 in Woodland Hills, California. Buera has already obtained a restraining order based on the alleged assault that took place February 18 in Hollywood. (Photo by Greg Doherty/Getty Images)
WOODLAND HILLS, CA – MARCH 13: Andrea Buera (R), who is accusing Trey Songz of assaulting her, speaks during a press conference with their attorney Lisa Bloom (L) at The Bloom Firm on March 13, 2018 in Woodland Hills, California. Buera has already obtained a restraining order based on the alleged assault that took place February 18 in Hollywood. (Photo by Greg Doherty/Getty Images)
WOODLAND HILLS, CA – MARCH 13: Andrea Buera, who is accusing Trey Songz of assaulting her, speaks during a press conference with their attorney Lisa Bloom at The Bloom Firm on March 13, 2018 in Woodland Hills, California. Buera has already obtained a restraining order based on the alleged assault that took place February 18 in Hollywood. (Photo by Greg Doherty/Getty Images)
WOODLAND HILLS, CA – MARCH 13: Andrea Buera (R), who is accusing Trey Songz of assaulting her, speaks during a press conference with their attorney Lisa Bloom (L) at The Bloom Firm on March 13, 2018 in Woodland Hills, California. Buera has already obtained a restraining order based on the alleged assault that took place February 18 in Hollywood. (Photo by Greg Doherty/Getty Images)
WOODLAND HILLS, CA – MARCH 13: Andrea Buera (R), who is accusing Trey Songz of assaulting her, speaks during a press conference with their attorney Lisa Bloom (L) at The Bloom Firm on March 13, 2018 in Woodland Hills, California. Buera has already obtained a restraining order based on the alleged assault that took place February 18 in Hollywood. (Photo by Greg Doherty/Getty Images)
Rapper Trey Songz, left, was arrested Monday, March 19, 2018, on suspicion of domestic violence by LAPD Hollywood Division officers. Andrea Buera, 27, held a news conference last week with attorney Lisa Bloom in which they alleged that Songz attacked them during an NBA All-Star Weekend after-party. They showed pictures of their injuries, including that at above right.
LAS VEGAS, NV – SEPTEMBER 19: Recording artist Trey Songz performs at the 2015 iHeartRadio Music Festival at MGM Grand Garden Arena on September 19, 2015 in Las Vegas, Nevada. (Photo by Ethan Miller/Getty Images for iHeartMedia)
PHILADELPHIA, PA – DECEMBER 01: 76ers stars Joel Embiid and Ben Simmons are among celebrities to support Meek Mill's fight for freedom with Free Meek Mill hoodies at Jay-Z's 4:44 tour stop in Philadelphia. Rapper Yo Gotti and R&B singer Trey Songz supported as well at Wells Fargo Center on December 1, 2017 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. (Photo by Lisa Lake/Getty Images for Roc Nation)
“I was attending an after-party when Trey began yelling at me, choking me, punching me and ultimately they knocked me to the ground,” they said. “While I was on the ground, they continued punching me. And they did not stop until their security guard pulled them off of me.”
Buera obtained a restraining order against the singer earlier this month, alleging in court papers that Songz became upset with them at the Feb. 18 party, which was held at a home they were renting, because they were talking to another man.
Bloom said the singer is already on probation in Michigan for punching a police officer.
The horror lives in the people who saw it, in the people who helped and those who wish they could have done more. For some, it might never go away
WITH an impeccable pedigree and a claim as the biggest rigid frame tractor in the world, the Fendt 1000 Series tractor already is ticking boxes in the WA market.
Arguably it is the most versatile 4WD tractor on the market but AgWest Machinery Geraldton branch manager Kent Douglas wants more than anecdotal evidence to match the claims for their customers.
Demonstrations of the latest Fendt offering last week at Walkaway included analysing the unit as a main seeding tractor, pulling a 18.2 metre (60 foot) DBS and a four tank M18000 Ausplow Multistream granular air seeder.
With a notional horsepower requirement of about five kilowatts (7hp) a tine, about 313kW (420hp) is needed to pull the DBS D300-60T, operating at about 125 millimetres (five inches).
Mr Douglas has employed a Fendt 1042, which develops 324kW (435hp), with little so-called parasitic loss.
This is courtesy of one of the many features Fendt has designed into the 1000 Series.
The tractors have a new drive train called VarioDrive, which allows for a variable four-wheel-drive (4WD), with torque distributed over two transmission outputs, operated independently on both axles.
There's no traditional drive shaft.
Instead Fendt employs a single pump which drives the front and rear axle motors.
It's controlled by torque sensors and an Intelli Clutch, which allows torque to be shifted between the axles according to need.
Fendt has released the 1000 Series as a true universal tractor to achieve heavy duty broadacre work such as spraying, spreading, seeding, deep tillage, chasing and forestry reclamation work.
Its overall weight is only 14 tonnes but it can be specced up to 21t, meaning it has the nimbleness for lighter work before moving up to grunt work.
There are a multitude of features Fendt has presented to the market with its 1000 Series models.
Four Vario models offer power offerings between 283kW (380hp) and the range-topping Vario 1050, which has a rated horsepower of 380kW (517hp) with 376kW (505hp) at the PTO, with three speeds – 1000, 1000E and 1300rpm.
Some Bedford County high school students begin training this month to help younger ones avoid some of the greatest dangers when surfing the internet. WFIR's Evan Jones has the story.
Play/Download News Clip
TRENTON, Fla. — Two Florida sheriff's deputies who were gunned down at a Chinese restaurant last week have been laid to rest.
Alachua County Sheriff's spokesperson Sgt. Brett Rhodenizer says funeral services concluded Tuesday afternoon for Gilchrist County Sheriff's Sgt. Noel Ramirez and Deputy Taylor Lindsey at Bronson Cemetery.
A viewing had been held earlier at Bell Middle/High School in Trenton. A final call for both deputies by their badge numbers was broadcast over the dispatch radio channel.
Authorities say 58-year-old John Hubert Highnote shot Ramirez and Lindsey on Thursday at the Ace China restaurant in Trenton. They then went to their car and killed himself.
Sheriff Bobby Schultz blamed the deaths on hatred toward law enforcement. State Attorney Bill Cervone added “we may never have an answer.”
Trenton is in northern Florida, about 35 miles (56 kilometres) west of Gainesville.
(Benjamin Zack/Standard-Examiner via AP, file). FILE - In this Dec. 4, 2017, file photo, protesters gather outside of the Utah State Capitol where President Donald Trump speaks to local representatives in Salt Lake City. President Donald Trump's decisi...
(AP Photo/Rick Bowmer, File). FILE - In this July 14, 2016, file photo, San Juan County Commissioner Rebecca Benally speaks during a meeting with U.S. Interior Secretary Sally Jewell in Monticello, Utah. The proclamation Trump signed to drastically red...
(Francisco Kjolseth/The Salt Lake Tribune via AP, File). FILE - This May 8, 2017, file photo. shows Arch Canyon within Bears Ears National Monument in Utah. President Donald Trump's decision to drastically reduce and break up a national monument in Uta...
By FELICIA FONSECA
Associated Press
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. (AP) - President Donald Trump's decision to drastically reduce and break up a national monument in Utah wasn't the only blow Native American tribes say they were dealt last week.
The proclamation Trump signed changes the makeup of a tribal advisory commission for Bears Ears National Monument. It adds a San Juan County, Utah, commissioner who supported peeling back protections for the land.
The new commissioner, now Rebecca Benally, joins representatives of five tribes, serving as a planted ally of the reduction.
Federal legislation also would create tribal co-management councils. The proposal by Utah Republican Rep. John Curtis excludes tribes outside Utah and lets the president hand-select most members.
The Utah congressional delegation sees the changes as unifying forces.
Tribes say they're yet more examples of being told what's good for them.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
WASHINGTON (KGTV and AP) — Washington Democrats turned down a deal Monday that would have provided protections for Dreamer immigrants in return for $25 billion in funding for President Trump's border wall.
Lawmakers have yet to agree on a $1.3 trillion catchall spending bill, as well as a major rail project.
The bill contains victories for both parties including a Pentagon budget increase requested by Republicans, and the domestic program, infrastructure and opiod crisis funding that Democrats want.
Efforts to use the measure as a vehicle to extend protections for young immigrants under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival, or DACA, program appeared likely to fail, aides said. Trump killed the Obama-era program in September, but a court decision has essentially left it in place, for now. The White House had revived the idea in recent days — offering on Sunday a 30-month extension of DACA protections in exchange for $25 billion for Trump's border wall — but Democrats demanded protections for a broader pool of immigrants than had signed up for DACA, a request denied by GOP negotiators.
There's also a continuing battle over Trump's long-promised U.S.-Mexico border wall. While Trump traveled to Otay Mesa last week to inspect prototypes for the wall, what's pending now is $1.6 billion for earlier designs involving sections in Texas that double as levees and 14 miles (23 kilometers) of replacement fencing in San Diego.
It appears Democrats may be willing to accept wall funding, but they are battling hard against Trump's demands for big increases for immigration agents and detention beds they fear would enable wide-scale roundups of immigrants illegally living in the U.S.
Aides believe any measure would be unveiled Tuesday for a House vote Thursday. House and Senate action is needed by midnight Friday to prevent another government shutdown.
Judge's homer to lead off the sixth tied the score at 2-2 and dampened what had been an outstanding performance from the Mets' beleaguered right-hander Rafael Montero. It was only the seventh extra-base hit since the All-Star break for Judge, who entered Monday batting .165 since they played in the All-Star Game.
Hicks had an All-Star-caliber first half before straining their oblique, forcing their way into the lineup regularly by giving Brett Gardner a rest, or more regularly for the struggling Jacoby Ellsbury in center field. Hicks, who missed six weeks with their injury, has immediately asserted themselves since their return last Thursday, with a homer, a run scored and a pinpoint throw to stop a potential tying run at third base in Friday's 5-4 win over Boston.
The Mets took a 2-0 lead in the third inning when Curtis Granderson and Yoenis Cespedes hit homers off the Yankees' spot starter, Luis Cessa. Judge just missed catching Cespedes's home run, which bounced off the top of the bullpen wall in right field. Cessa is a former Mets minor leaguer who was traded to Detroit two years ago in the deal for Cespedes.
Cessa pitched solidly, aside from the two home runs, the only scores they allowed through four and a third innings.
They did not leave of their own volition, though. When Cessa shook their shoulder after a pitch to Juan Lagares, the assistant trainer Tim Lentych and Manager Joe Girardi came out to check on him. After a warm-up throw, Lagares saw two more pitches, the second one a 0-2 slider they rifled up the middle for a base hit. That brought a return visit from a trainer and Girardi, who called on Chad Green to replace Cessa because of an apparent arm injury.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
It continued a rather traumatic week for the Yankees' starting pitchers.
C. C. Sabathia was placed on the disabled list on Friday with a bad knee. On Saturday, Masahiro Tanaka was sent to the disabled list with an inflamed shoulder, and Jordan Montgomery was hit in the head by liner while they were signing autographs during batting practice. Though they were woozy, Montgomery pitched effectively in Sunday night's loss to Boston.
Montero had made their major league debut in 2014 against the Yankees at Citi Field and was followed the next day by a less-touted prospect, Jacob deGrom — just as they will do to start this series.
While deGrom has progressed into an All-Star starter for the Mets, Montero has become an enigma — a pitcher with the repertory to develop into a frontline starter, but one who has never developed the requisite consistency or confidence to do so.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Montero carried a 1-8 record and a 6.06 E.R.A. and has continued to get opportunities in large part because the Mets' rotation has been plagued by injuries.
Yankee Stadium, with its unforgivingly short right-field fence and alley, would provide a test for Montero.
“If you walk people here, you're asking for big innings,” Mets Manager Terry Collins said. “This is where you really have to trust yourself and realize you're going to have to take your chances on swings as opposed to letting guys get on. This is a tough place to pitch.”
Montero breezed through the first three innings, facing only nine batters. But after a one-out bloop single by Hicks in the fourth, Montero's command deserted him. They walked Judge on four pitches and then walked Didi Gregorius to load the bases after jumping ahead, 1-2.
If Montero might have collapsed on many occasions, they did not on Monday. On their eighth pitch to Sanchez, Montero induced a fly ball to shallow left field. But Cespedes, the Mets' strong-armed left fielder, took their time unloading a throw that was slightly off line. By the time catcher Rene Rivera corralled it, Hicks was able to beat their tag. Montero then retired Chase Headley to escape with the lead.
Photo
New Yorkers are not known for collectively possessing a stiff upper lip. Complaining about life's indignities tends to be a default position. But there is a notable exception, and it was amply displayed on Monday after an explosion in a busy transit corridor at Times Square. At such moments New York embodies the classic British slogan of World War II vintage: Keep calm and carry on.
The city barely blinked after the morning rush-hour blast, which officials described as a failed attempt at terrorism by an immigrant from Bangladesh who had strapped a pipe bomb to their body. They ended up wounding themselves seriously and inflicting minor injuries on three others. No doubt, the communal reaction would have been more frantic had the toll been higher. But the normal rhythms of the city paused only briefly. New Yorkers have become quite adept at keeping their composure.
Partly that's because they have no other choice. They know their city is destined to be in the cross hairs of assorted madmen responding to religious and political commands or simply to the demons rattling in their heads. It has long been thus.
A century ago, New York was a favored target for self-described anarchists. In 1920, a bomb planted in a horse-drawn wagon exploded outside the J. P. Morgan bank on Wall Street, killing more than 30 people. Back then, it was America's most devastating act of terrorism. New York in the 1970s endured a series of deadly attacks by Croatian, Puerto Rican and anti-Castro Cuban nationalists. Now the concern is terrorism perpetrated primarily by Islamist radicals, like the horror on Halloween when an Uzbek immigrant drove a pickup truck along a bike path in Lower Manhattan, killing eight people and injuring 12 others.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In the wake of Sept. 11, 2001, the New York Police Department has worked hard to keep the city safe. But it can't head off every attack, especially one like Monday's, committed apparently by a lone wolf possibly inspired by the Islamic State. Nor is President Trump's ban on travelers from eight countries, six of them predominantly Muslim, any help. None of the men accused of the most recent assaults in New York and elsewhere in the United States came from those countries. The far greater threat comes from disaffected homegrown terrorists with ready access to handguns and rifles.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Much of the demonizing of immigrants by Washington these days rings hollow. New arrivals have in the main been well absorbed into the larger society. That reality has eluded an administration led by a man who may be from New York but is not of New York in either temperament or values, whether in regard to immigrants or to crime in general.
(Australian Broadcasting Corp. via AP). In this image made from video, a Porsche Carrera car is underneath another car in Sydney, Australia Thursday, May 31, 2018. Australian media say a valet drove the soft-top Porsche Carrera under another vehicle Th...
(Australian Broadcasting Corp. via AP). In this image made from video, a Porsche Carrera car is underneath another car in Sydney, Australia Thursday, May 31, 2018. Australian media say a valet drove the soft-top Porsche Carrera under another vehicle Th...
SYDNEY (AP) - A hotel valet had a lucky escape - but the luxury sports car they were trying to park did not.
Australian media say the valet drove the soft-top Porsche Carrera under another vehicle Thursday outside the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Sydney.
Emergency workers cut the driver out from the Porsche as a crowd watched.
Matthew Talbot, the hotel's director of sales and marketing, told the Australian Broadcasting Corp. the valet was "embarrassed and a little bit shocked" but was OK.
The larger vehicle was propped up and its wheels were anchored while the vehicles were separated. The black Porsche, its hood and front bumper crunched and dented, was then backed onto a tow truck.
Witness Jonathan Bayle said they thought a television show or movie was being shot.
The hotel said in a statement it was investigating.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
LEITCHFIELD, KY (WAVE) – A former Grayson County teacher and coach has been indicted for rape following their November arrest on the same charge.
Kentucky State Police received a report of inappropriate behavior between Gavin Logsdon, 30, and a juvenile student on November 21, 2016.
Logsdon was a business teacher and the head baseball coach at Grayson County High School at the time of their arrest, but they resigned on November 28.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Woman shot to death at doctor's office, suspect in custody
+ Elderly woman found lying in feces, daughter could face neglect charges
+ Woman accused of having dozens of dead animals on farm bonds out of jail
An arrest report for Logsdon states they admitted to Kentucky State Police that they had an ongoing sexual relationship with a 17-year-old student. They told troopers the two had sex at their home on November 18.
The student and Logsdon told KSP the relationship had been going on since June, 2016, according to the report.
Logsdon is now out on bond while they await trial.  They are not allowed to have any contact with the female student.
Copyright 2016 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
EAST BRIDGEWATER, Mass. (AP) — Two sisters tied down and burned a 5-year-old girl, permanently disfiguring her, in a voodoo ritual meant to rid them of a demon causing them to misbehave, police said. The women also threatened to cut off the head of the girl's 8-year-old brother with a machete, authorities said.
The boy said their sister was tied down on at least two occasions while the sisters blew fire over their face and cut them on the arm and in the collar area with a needle-like object, drawing blood, according to police. The girl said the women also poured over their eyes a substance that stung.
Peggy LaBossiere, 51, and Rachel Hilaire, 40, of East Bridgewater, denied injuring the girl and threatening the boy, the Brockton Enterprise reported . They pleaded not guilty on Jan. 29 to mayhem, assault and other charges. A public defender for the women didn't return a call seeking comment on Saturday.
Police say the girl's mother is a hair stylist of Haitian descent who has LaBossiere as a client and requested the ritual. They have not been charged but is receiving mental health treatment.
The sisters will be back in Brockton Superior Court on Wednesday for a hearing to determine whether they're too dangerous to be released.
The sisters told police that they have performed “cleansing baths” for family and friends in the past, something that involves chanting prayers, rubbing frankincense and eucalyptus oils and sea salt on their bodies, and burning myrrh, the newspaper reported. Children sometimes get burned as spirits leave the body, they said.
The girl suffered a third-degree burn across their face that will leave them permanently disfigured, police said. They were treated at a hospital and taken into custody by state welfare authorities, along with their brother, who described to police what happened at the sisters' house over multiple days.
Voodoo refers to religious practices developed centuries ago by enslaved Africans in the Caribbean, primarily in Haiti, where the practices are sometimes spelled “vodou.”
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON:
Organized labor spent a record $1.7 billion on politics and lobbying during the 2016 election cycle, with the vast majority of money coming from member dues and supporting Democrats.
The National Institute for Labor Relations Research (NILRR), a nonprofit union watchdog, found that unions spent $1.713 billion on political activities and lobbying. The watchdog group analyzed federal labor filings that disclose how much unions spend on political activities at the federal, state, and local level, as well as Federal Election Commission records collected by OpenSecrets.com. Stan Greer, the researcher behind the study, said 75 percent of the money spent on politics came from union treasuries rather than campaign PACs or other independent union-backed political operations.
“Big Labor is increasingly turning its focus away from workplace matters and more and more towards buying political influence,” Greer said in a statement.
NILRR has tracked union political spending throughout the 21st century, finding that unions have significantly ramped up their spending in the last four years. Organized labor reported spending $2.2 billion on politics and lobbying during the 2008 and 2010 election seasons, and $1.69 billion in 2012 alone. Unions surpassed that figure by $16.4 million during the 2016 campaign, shelling out $1.713 billion, with the vast majority being spent to support Democratic candidates.
Click for more from The Washington Free Beacon.
There is something about the prospect of making some serious loot that brings out the innovation in folks. With this entrepreneurial spirit coursing through their veins one smart team of bitcoin miners has built a $120,000 mining rig with a somewhat unorthodox twist: It's submerged in a vat of cooling oil.
Due to the high temperatures created by the hardware used for mining cryptocurrencies, these 36 ASICs (application-specific integrated circuit chips) rig protects its valuable chips by rapidly dispersing the heat.
“Having been into mining for a while, we were dreading the arrival of summer as cooling becomes more of an issue than usual, forcing us to build all the cooling systems in our mines to withstand the hottest week of the year,” Alexander Aksenov, one of the brains behind the project, told Digital Trends. “Facing high [capital expenditure] costs for autonomous air-cooled systems, my partner Mirian and I began exploring alternative methods of achieving stable temperatures, taking as a benchmark the cost of a quality automated ventilation system.
“Having reviewed numerous immersion-cooled solutions that could be adapted to our needs,” they continued, “we came to the conclusion that the market is oversaturated with high-quality overpriced products that serve a purpose when financially subsidized, but are not viable for mining adaptation due to high costs severely affecting [return-on-investment] periods. That is when we made the decision to create an immersion-cooled solution from the ground up, which will be completely self-sufficient and autonomous from surrounding infrastructure.”
The system they built is able to cool up to 72 kilowatts of heat, coming ready with a full fuse box, Ethernet switch, and Zabbix-based monitoring system attached to it. It can be set up in any household or industrial space that meets the power requirements and has running water for keeping the oil appropriately chilled. As Alexander says, the byproduct of this system is hot water, which leaves the plated heat exchanger at a temperature of around 50 degrees — allowing them to heat the surrounding building and even provide enough hot running water to take showers.
The setup is located in Russia, where the pair of cryptocurrency masterminds have been working on their innovation lab since leaving previous jobs in the financial sector. “Cryptocurrency revealed to be the perfect platform for an exciting new direction with tremendous potential for growth that provides life-changing digital solutions, so we gathered our savings, converted them into crypto, quit our jobs and never looked back,” Aksenov told us.
At present, they said that the pair is working on a brand new immersion-cooled concept, although no further details are ready to be shared.
The only thing about this that sucks? That the pair is no longer working in conventional finance. After all, this kind of out-of-the-box thinkers are exactly what the financial system needs. Still, finance's loss is cryptocurrency's (and, presumably, this pair's) gain.
LAS VEGAS — A Las Vegas smoke shop clerk who fatally shot an unarmed 13-year-old in an apparent grab-and-run theft more than a year ago has been sentenced to probation.
Raad Sunna choked back tears Thursday as they said they would pay for the “tragic loss” for the rest of their life, the Las Vegas Review-Journal reported .
“I wish no one the pain and suffering of a day in the life of my shoes, the nights I can't sleep, the recurring memories of that night, the pain in my body, heart and soul that I can't escape,” they said at their sentencing hearing. “I don't wish this upon my worst enemy.”
They were originally charged with murder but pleaded guilty in October 2017 to one misdemeanour count of aiming a firearm at a person.
Surveillance video showed 13-year-old Fabriccio Patti apparently running away when they were shot seven times in December 2016.
Sunna said they feared for their life when the teenager ran in wearing a mask and hoodie with two friends.
“He responded to this situation exactly like I would respectfully say most of the people in this courtroom would have,” defence attorney Dominic Gentile said.
But prosecutors said they were too quick to fire their gun.
“He didn't have to shoot. If they had waited just even a second more, this young man would still be alive,” Chief Deputy District Attorney Giancarlo Pesci said.
The boy's father, Martin Patti, remembered a boy who liked skateboarding and valued loyal friendship.
“My son made a very serious mistake, and they paid for that with their life,” Patti said. “But I also believe that the defendant made a mistake, and thank God for him, he's still alive.”
In addition to probation, Sunna was ordered to perform community service and to pay $3,000 in restitution.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) Alex Smith has known all along that they were going to report to the Kansas City Chiefs' practice facility Monday, and they knew pretty much down to the minute what the rest of the day would entail.
They didn't know their plans for the rest of the week until Sunday.
In the span of four sweet hours, Smith went from potentially spending the entire week getting ready for a road playoff game to having the rest of it off.
Coach Andy Reid said Monday they were releasing their players following their normal weekly meetings, a reward for their victory over San Diego that, coupled with Oakland's loss at Denver, gave them the AFC West title and a much-needed first-round bye.
”For us, it was such a big swing,” Smith said. ”That's kind of a credit to our division, I think, of how well they've been playing. Yeah, we took care of our end and obviously got some help from Denver, so it was pretty sweet when we saw the score there at the end.”
It is difficult to understate how important earning a bye was for the Chiefs.
Start with the health factor: Kansas City limped into the playoffs a year ago with a litany of injuries and, while they didn't matter in a road victory over Houston, they did in a loss to New England the next week.
Now, the Chiefs (12-4) have a chance to give star pass rusher Justin Houston, who has missed the past two games with knee inflammation, another week to get healthy.
Running back Spencer Ware has another week to rest their bruised ribs. And safety Eric Berry has a week to rest a heel injury from the win over San Diego.
Even Reid, who rarely uses injuries as an excuse, discussed the importance of health on Monday.
”Listen, I was good with last year's team. I thought we stood a chance. We were banged-up a little bit going in, we didn't have everybody, and you'd like to have seen it,” they said, ”but you don't make excuses for it. We're probably a little bit more healthy this year than we were last year.”
The week off also gives the Chiefs more time to prepare for their divisional opponent in a game that will be played at Arrowhead Stadium.
And while they won't know who that will be until this weekend, Reid said that longtime assistant Tommy Brasher has already compiled scouting reports on each possibility.
Besides, the Chiefs have already faced all the potential opponents this season.
Then there is Reid's almost unassailable mark after a week off.  They are 16-2 in the regular season after a bye, including a road win over Oakland this season, and was perfect in three divisional games in Philadelphia when their team earned a first-round playoff bye.
One of those seasons ended with the Eagles playing in the Super Bowl.
”I mean, every team is crazy different, it's just – I don't know. Every situation in this league is different, every game is different,” they said.
”I know the bye normally doesn't hurt you. It's normally a good thing to have if you handle it the right way. The players, I have enough trust in them to handle it the right way. The coaches will handle it the right way. And when we get back, we'll handle the week the right way.”
It's not just the players that are getting some time off this week, either.
Thanks to Brasher working ahead, Reid said he's giving their coaching staff a few extra days to spend with their families.
They will reconvene later in the week to begin putting together game plans, and then watch the wild-card round unfold to see who they will face on Jan. 15 at Arrowhead Stadium.
”Last year we felt like we left a lot of that on the field, not being able to secure the division and taking the wild-card route, which is tough,” Chiefs safety Daniel Sorensen said.
”So that was our focus this year. We wanted to win the division. We wanted to get that first-round bye.
”We play really, really well in front of our fans and at home,” they added. ”We want to bring opponents into our place and have the advantage and set us up for the next step of going to the Super Bowl.”
—
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
A local hospital is working to support students in their community looking to join the health care industry.
Stonewall Jackson Memorial Hospital is taking applications for its William Adler Healthcare Scholarship.
High school seniors from Lewis and Gilmer Counties who intend to study a healthcare field at a West Virginia college are eligible for the scholarship, one that has made a difference for people who now work in the field.
"It really did relieve my mind, getting a scholarship, knowing that I had it, and then after I finished school, I didn't have so much to worry about in the end," said Amanda Bonnett, scholarship recipient.
Applications are due by April 1. Call 304 269-8167 for more information on how to apply.
EUGENE, Ore. — Sabrina Ionescu had 28 points and 11 assists to lead No. 6 Oregon over No. 25 California 91-54 on Friday night.
Ruthy Hebard added 18 points and 11 rebounds for the Ducks (21-3, 10-1 Pac-12), who have won 13 of 14 games. Ionescu's double-double was their 11th of the season.
It was Oregon's largest margin of victory in a conference game this season.
Jaelyn Brown led the Golden Bears (15-7, 6-5) with 14 points and Alaysia Styles added 12. Kristine Anigwe, California's leading scorer at 17.5 points per game, had just six to go with eight rebounds.
NO. 9 UCLA 59, USC 46
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Monique Billings got the 40th double-double of their career with 14 points and 16 rebounds to lead No. 9 UCLA over USC.
Jordin Canada added 16 points, and the Bruins (18-4, 9-2 Pac-12) won their seventh consecutive game.
USC (15-7, 5-6) struggled mightily against the UCLA zone in the first half and shot many 3-pointers it didn't want to take. Not much was working in the first half for the Trojans offensively as they were 6 for 29 from the field and just 1 for 14 from 3-point range.
Kristen Simon led USC with 15 points and 12 rebounds.
NO. 24 STANFORD 60, NO. 16 OREGON ST 57
CORVALLIS, Ore. (AP) — Brittany McPhee had 18 points and 12 rebounds and scored No. 24 Stanford's last four points as the Cardinal held on for a win over No. 16 Oregon State.
Stanford (15-8, 9-2 Pac-12) led 51-42 on DiJonai Carrington's layup with 7:58 left in the fourth quarter. Mikayla Pivec made a pair of free throws at 1:17 and Taya Corosdale split a pair at 53 seconds to cut Oregon State's deficit to 59-57.
McPhee made 1 of 2 free throws with 7.7 seconds left and Carrington stole it from Kat Tudor for the final play of the game.
Kiana Williams added 14 points and Alanna Smith scored 11 for the Cardinal, who made just 2 of 19 from 3-point range, but had 17 offensive rebounds and a 44-35 edge on the glass overall.
Katie McWilliams made 4 of 9 from 3-point range and led the Beavers (16-6, 7-4) with 16 points. Pivec added 15 points and Taylor Kalmer scored 12.
Dunedin māmā duo Kitty Brown and Kirsten Parkinson say they have had a “massive” response to their unique, bilingual books and are delighted to be launching a new series.
Reo Pēpi author Kitty Brown says, “We were compelled to create more resources for a NZ audience who we found to be very keen on learning a little te reo Māori! A second series soon became inevitable."
Having now released their second series, Brown spoke about it differs from their first series.
Brown says, “They're a little bit of a step up in terms of concepts. The first three books were aimed at under twos. These are aimed at under fives. In this series we're looking at the concepts of; ngā tae, the colours, ngā āhua, the shapes, te kaute, counting.”
Illustrator Kirsten Parkinson says, “At the same time our tamariki started to reach for new concepts, we were getting requests from our audience for similar subjects. We knew exactly the kind of books to make next.”
Brown says kōhanga reo, early childhood centres and parents have given them nothing but positive feedback about their bilingual books.
“The feedback has been amazing. They've loved the quality of them. They're really durable board books so they're completely wipe-able, smash-able and chew-able.
Also they are really enjoying the illustrations and just the simple concepts. I guess one of the things we've heard back from early childhood centres is that they are able to use the sentence structures from the pukapuka throughout the day. For instance, kei hea te pukapuka? Kei hea o hū?”
With the success of their first series, and the release of their second series, what is next for Reo Pēpi?
“We've got a few ideas up our sleeves. Potentially another series and some more language acquisition ideas and also branching out in to some other resources like flash cards or games. But I guess our main thing we try to do is gain feedback from our market, like kōhanga reo and kaiako and just hear what they're looking for and react to that.”
To find out more, visit their facebook page here.
Statistical Information provided by STATS
© 2016 Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved.
Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these New Terms of Use and New Privacy Policy.
Days Gone's may look like a zombie game, but there's a lot more to this open-world motorcycle adventure.
It's easy to write off Bend Studio's Days Gone as “just another zombie game,” but if the demo showed at E3 2017 is any indication, there's something more interesting happening here.
It also showed us that leather-clad badass protagonist Deacon St. John is one of three main characters that make the world of Days Gone a totally unique experience.
A living world
The world of Days Gone quickly emerges as another main character. While the freakers might be a standout feature that people cling to, they're far from the biggest danger in the wilderness. Human enemies are clever, and take a beating before they finally collapse. Infected bears with barbed wire attached to them threaten to rip you to shreds. Most of all, a cruel and inhospitable climate threatens to leave you stranded, frozen, or dead at the bottom of a ravine.
The team showed off an alternate version of the mission that ran during the Sony press conference, and surprisingly, the addition of snow changed everything. Instead of infected dogs distracting Deacon and causing them to run straight into an ambush, the animals had sought cover from the cold, and they were able to flank the would-be assailants and kill them brutally. New freakers appeared where there weren't any, this time active and hungry. The blanket of snow also brought with it quiet, causing Deacon to be discovered sooner by the marauding gang.
That change in weather is something all too familiar to the team at Bend Studio. The high desert of the Pacific Northwest is the studio's backyard, and as fellow Oregon residents, we know the weather can flip from snow-covered to overwhelmingly hot in a matter of minutes. Each change affects everything from noise, to freaker population, to Deacon's motorcycle's traction, which brings us to the third main character.
Your best friend
With the world, the bandits, and the freakers all trying to kill Deacon, their trusty motorcycle is always at their side. The heavily modified chopper can take them off into the wilderness, as long as they keep it fed with a steady supply of gasoline. That might not be as easy as it sounds.
Sometimes, Deacon will find a gas tank filled and ready to go, without anyone in sight. Sometimes, it will be the bait for an ambush. It could also be up the hill from a swarm of hundreds of freakers, which could show up anywhere, at any time. Take enough damage, and the motorcycle will stop working, leaving Deacon to find a way to repair it.
Best of all, the motorcycle riding aspect of the game looked really fun. The empty roads leave plenty of room to really get some speed going, with plenty of beautiful scenery around. Don't look too long, because there's also danger lurking around every corner.
Bend Studios is keeping a lot of the specifics under wraps, but it's clear there are a lot of opportunities to customize, upgrade, and grow and evolve with the bike. The team says we'll hear more about that soon enough.
Deacon and the freakers
As we learn more about the harsh realities of the Days Gone world, we're starting to find the freakers are taking a back seat to a mixture of other systems. The goal for Bend Studios is now to make sure that those interlocking mechanics, and the beautiful, vast world, can shine through the tired idea of another zombie game.
That's going to be an uphill battle. Trying to call the freakers something other than the Z word is a start, but one that's also not a totally original move. The team is already trying to focus in on the world, and the motorcycle, as key component in Days Gone, and both of them are much more impressive and original than even a thousand zombies.
Days Gone will hit the PlayStation 4 at an unknown date.
According to Chief Dwane Pacheco, Officers from the Rock Springs Police Department responded to the 800 block of Rhode Island on October 5, 2017 at approximately 9:20 p.m. in reference to two gun shots that had been heard in the area. While speaking with the reporting party, officers located a bullet hole in the ceiling of a residence and believed the upstairs neighbor to have fired the shot. Neighbors were evacuated and Officers secured the scene until members of the Rock Springs Police Department Tactical Response Team could arrive.
Multiple attempts were made to contact the male subject living in the upstairs residence but they did not respond. After repeated attempts were unsuccessful, members of the Tactical Response Team made entry into the residence and found the male subject deceased. It appears that the male subject died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound. No shots were fired by law enforcement.
The RSPD would like to thank the Sweetwater County Sheriff's Office, Wyoming Highway Patrol, Rock Springs Fire Department, and Sweetwater Medics for their assistance with this and other calls that were occurring throughout the night.
Last month, Steve Albini took home $106,000 and a World Series of Poker gold bracelet after winning the 2018 WSOP's $1,500 seven-card stud event. The Shellac frontman trounced 310 other players and wore Belgian punk band Cocaine Piss's shirt while doing it. Not bad. In a new interview with The Ringer, Albini discussed their win and their lifelong love affair with the game
“I had never even been a chip leader, much less made a final table, much fewer won a bracelet,” Albini said. “It wasn't really an ambition of mine to win a bracelet. I genuinely didn't think it was a realistic expectation, so I never really harbored the fantasy.”
According to Albini, they were introduced to the game as a child via their great-grandmother Dora McKeever. From The Ringer:
“I think because they wanted to play poker and there was no one to play with,” Albini said. Instead of chips, they recalled using household items like cellophane-tipped cocktail toothpicks. “We had the red ones and the blue ones and the green ones and the yellow ones and they were [worth] different amounts,” they recalled. Naturally, Albini said, “We started with some and they ended up with all the toothpicks.”
Albini started playing for more than toothpicks, and eventually the game turned into a viable source of income, although their wife Heather Whinna doesn't exactly love their profitable hobby.
“My wife does not give a fuck about poker,” Albini told The Ringer. “What they have seen of it has been revolting. And I can't blame them for being repulsed by it. The popular image of the macho bro-man poker contingent is pretty depressing. It does seem quite retrograde. They do know my friends who play cards. And they like them. And I think they discerned that there was another kind of poker player, that there were people who took the game seriously as an intellectual problem and who wanted to play not as a means of asserting dominance over each other, but as a way of expanding their own experience.”
Albini said that they seek out games when he's on tour or off engineering a record and relishes the opportunity to use parts of their brain that go dormant when he's working in the studio. From The Ringer:
“I don't do a lot of calculating when I'm going through a normal day. You're doing at least some sort of rudimentary math in every hand of poker. When you're playing cards you have to do a lot of sorts of prediction of behavior. I don't do a lot of manipulative psychology in the rest of my life.”
As for Cocaine Piss, he's recording another album with them “in a few weeks.”
Read the rest of the profile at The Ringer.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. — The running game has been an important factor in the Miami-Florida State series.
In the past 30 meetings between the Sunshine State rivals, the team with the most rushing yards has won 22 times. It will likely be a determining factor again on Saturday when the 13th-ranked Hurricanes visit the Seminoles.
Miami's Mark Walton leads the Atlantic Coast Conference in rushing yards per game, averaging 134.3. Florida State's duo of Jacques Patrick and Cam Akers combined for 178 yards last week as the Seminoles got their first win at Wake Forest .
Walton, a 5-foot-9, 205-pound junior, has been somewhat limited due to an ankle injury that they suffered in the Sept. 23 win over Toledo. They were held to 51 rushing yards in last week's win at Duke but did have four receptions for 79 yards.
Florida State coach Jimbo Fisher said Walton is as good as any back they will face this season.
“He's consistent and doesn't have many plays that go for negative yards,” Fisher said. “Last week they did as much damage out of the backfield catching the ball. Our defence is going to be challenged.”
The Seminoles (1-2, 1-1 ACC) will need more from their ground game in order to take the pressure off first-year student quarterback James Blackman. Patrick, who is also a junior, rushed for 120 yards and a touchdown at Wake, but more than half of their yards came on a 69-yard carry in the first quarter.
Akers, who was touted as one of the nation's top recruits last year, has been tentative at times and slow to see openings for big gains.
“Patrick is a big back, who runs hard, falls forward on contact, and Akers has quick feet and can run out of a tackle,” Miami defensive co-ordinator Manny Diaz said. “We have to make sure that you are in your gap and fit all the responsibilities in their runs.”
Florida State has a seven-game winning streak over Miami (3-0, 1-0), but the last three meetings have been decided by a total of 10 points. The game was originally scheduled for Sept. 16 but was pushed back due to Hurricane Irma.
“Rivalry games are important. They're better rivalries when there's some winning and losing on both sides, and that hasn't happened lately,” Miami coach Mark Richt said.
——
Some other things to know about this game:
NEEDING MOMENTUM: Florida State was ranked third in the preseason poll, but a season-ending knee injury to quarterback Deondre Francois and its first 0-2 start since 1989 made them tumble out of the rankings. The Seminoles were also reeling going into last year's game at Miami, but the 20-19 win turned their season around and started a run where they won seven of their last eight.
FAST START FOR ROSIER: Miami quarterback Malik Rosier, who won a four-man battle for the spot in the preseason, leads the ACC in pass efficiency (167.0) along with throwing for eight touchdowns and only two interceptions. He's also done a nice job of getting everyone involved in the passing game as six players have five receptions or more.
RECEIVERS ON DISPLAY: Florida State's Auden Tate and Miami's Braxton Berrios look to keep their touchdown streaks alive. Tate has caught a TD in the first three games, becoming the first FSU receiver to do that in four years. Berrios has a touchdown in four straight games dating back to last season, which is the school's longest streak since 2012.
IN THE TRENCHES: Florida State's offensive line continues to struggle as the Seminoles had 17 plays result in negative yards last week. It doesn't get any easier with Miami tied for second nationally in tackles for loss (9.0 per game). The Hurricanes also have 10 sacks in their first three games.
KEEP AN EYE ON: The kickers since this rivalry has a history of being defined by them. Florida State's Ricky Aguayo has made eight straight this season while Miami's Michael Badgley, who had an extra point blocked last year that would have sent the game into overtime, is 4 of 5.
——
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
——
Follow Joe Reedy on Twitter at https://twitter.com/joereedy
By MARTHA MENDOZAAP National Writer
U.S. Customs and Border Protection says it is ready to block U.S. imports of seafood - as well as any other goods - produced by North Korean laborers who work in China.
An Associated Press investigation tracked salmon, squid and cod processed by North Koreans working at Chinese factories and shipped to American stores, including Walmart and ALDI. The North Korean workers found in Chinese factories aren't allowed to leave, and receive only a fraction of their pay - most goes straight to the North Korean state. This means that American consumers buying seafood labeled "Caught in the USA, Processed in China" may inadvertently be subsidizing the government of Kim Jong-un as it builds nuclear weapons, and also supporting forced labor.
U.S. Customs and Border Protection said in a statement Thursday it is reviewing the allegations and if warranted, would "pursue all enforcement actions and prohibit goods from importation as appropriate." The companies that responded also vowed to investigate ties with suppliers.
GOP Congressman Chris Smith from New Jersey, who has repeatedly called for tougher enforcement, said the Labor Department has already identified trafficking in 12 sectors of goods exported by China.
"CBP should be stopping every shipment from those sectors - and now trafficking-tainted salmon too," they said.
A White House National Security Council spokesperson said the North Korean government's scheme to outsource its labor underscores why the United States has pushed for restrictions on North Korean foreign workers. The spokesperson said all countries should, at a minimum, ban companies from bringing in North Korean crews, as pledged in recent United Nations sanctions.
China is among the countries that have promised to comply, already banning imports of North Korean seafood, and saying no more North Korean workers will be allowed starting next year.
"But all nations must go further and reject what is clearly a despicable practice that only serves the regime's nuclear ambitions," said the NSC spokesperson, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they aren't authorized to comment.
Walmart said its supplier has addressed the problem, although it did not specify how. Walmart and ALDI said they are committed to human rights and fair labor practices, and expect the same from their business partners.
At a time when North Korea faces sanctions on many exports, the government is sending tens of thousands of workers worldwide, bringing in revenue estimated at anywhere from $200 million to $500 million a year. That could account for a sizable portion of North Korea's nuclear weapons and missile programs, which South Korea says have cost more than $1 billion.
North Koreans overseas work in construction in the Gulf states, shipbuilding in Poland, logging in Russia. In Uruguay, authorities told AP, about 90 North Koreans crewed fishing boats last year.
"I am not surprised at all," said Anthony Talbott, who directs the University of Dayton's Human Rights Center. "North Korea has probably the single highest level of state-sanctioned slavery in the world, it's a major source of income for them."
Among those North Korean laborers in China, roughly 3,000 are believed to work in the northeast industrial hub of Hunchun, just a few miles from the borders of both North Korea and Russia. AP documented North Koreans in several Hunchun seafood processing plants, and tracked their supply chains to importers, including Sea-Trek Enterprises in Rhode Island, where managers said they are being inundated with phone calls from customers and suppliers since the AP story.
Sea-Trek's owners said that they hadn't visited China and were unaware of the makeup of the workers, but would immediately cease dealings with the plant until the situation is resolved.
"Sea-Trek will not purchase product from any company using forced labor," said vice president Mitch Sarnoff.
Mark Liszt, owner of Lawrence Wholesale, a national food distributor in Southern California, said it would investigate its suppliers as well.
"We're middlemen," said Liszt. "We do make a practice of trying to go and visit the plants that we buy from in person, but it's not a perfect world that we can see into every single one."
Some U.S. brands and companies had indirect ties to the North Korean laborers in Hunchun, including Chicken of the Sea, owned by Thai Union. Trade records show shipments came from a sister company of the Hunchun factory in another part of China, where Thai Union spokesperson Whitney Small says labor standards are being met and the employees are all Chinese. Small said the sister company should not be penalized.
AP observed North Korean workers in Chinese factories building hardwood flooring, sewing garments and manufacturing electronics. Fordham University economics professor Giacomo Santangelo said they doubt it's just fish processed by North Korean workers that reaches the U.S. markets.
"Now we need to ask, how many other products imported from China are made with North Korean labor?" they said.
Top Senate Democrat Chuck Schumer of New York said U.S. officials must keep products made by North Koreans out of the United States.
"The administration needs to ramp up the pressure on China to crack down on trade with North Korea across the board," they said.
Ohio's Democratic Sen. Sherrod Brown, who helped pass North Korea, Iran and Russia sanctions this summer, said corporations also have a responsibility to make sure they are abiding by U.N. sanctions and U.S. laws.
However, Bucknell University political science professor Zhiqun Zhu said a sanction-based approach that cracks down on imports isn't going to solve the problem.
"It has so many loopholes," they said. "All sticks and no carrots will not make the North Korea problem disappear."
___
Read earlier story in seafood investigation - http://bit.ly/2kof26j - and more in the series: https://www.apnews.com/tag/RepublicofKim
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Collect fruit, trade it with villagers, build furniture, rinse, repeat. That's been the experience with Animal Crossing: Pocket Camp thus far, and if it's getting tedious, know that there's an update coming soon that'll add some variety to the mix. Next month, you'll be able to start crafting clothes like shirts, pants and shoes. Players will also gain access to a garden. As you might expect, the garden is where you can plant flowers, and you can even water friends' flower beds for them.
THORSBY, Alta. — Witnesses tell CTV News a gas station attendant has been killed after what police call a “gas and dash” at a fuel station in Thorsby, Alta.
RCMP Sgt. Corey Kyle says the investigation is in its early stages but confirms it appears someone was speeding away from the Fas Gas station without paying for their fuel when the fatality occurred.
It happened Friday afternoon at about 4 p.m.
Kyle says a number of investigators are on scene and a crime scene analyst is reconstructing what happened.
The unnamed witness from a nearby business tells CTV they heard yelling and when they went outside, they saw a large white cube van driving away with the gas station employee hanging onto the passenger side mirror.
The witness says the van headed north for a distance before swerving, tossing the man from its side before running over him.
RCMP says the man died at the scene. Mounties are still searching for both the van and the driver.
Ironically, it was not the only gas and dash the detachment dealt with on Friday.
They said in a news release they had arrested two people in a gas and dash involving a school bus that had earlier been stolen from the Rimbey area.
They also said the suspects are believed to have stolen a truck from a man who stopped to assist them on the highway, and to have stabbed another civilian whose car they tried to steal.
That driver suffered a cut which was treated on scene.
In August, a 22-year-old man was sentenced to 11 years in prison for a gas-and-dash that killed Calgary gas-station worker Maryam Rashidi, 35.
They were run over by Joshua Cody Mitchell when they tried to stop them from taking off without paying for $113 worth of fuel.
Rashidi and their husband had come to Canada from Iran in 2014. They had been working at the Centex gas station for just two weeks after being laid off from their engineering job during Calgary's economic downturn.
Mitchell was convicted of manslaughter, hit and run and theft.
(CTV Edmonton, The Canadian Press)
HOUSTON (AP) — The Latest on the health of former President George H.W. Bush (all times local):
12:10 p.m.
A family spokesperson says former President George H.W. Bush is still "responding and recovering" as doctors treat them for an infection that's spread to their blood.
Bush has been hospitalized since Sunday, a day after attending the funeral of their wife, Barbara.
Family spokesperson Jim McGrath issued the update Tuesday. They say previous updates also still stand, in that the 93-year-old former president is responding to treatments and appears to be recovering.
Bush has a form of Parkinson's disease along with a history of pneumonia and other infections. He's being treated at Houston Methodist Hospital.
___
3 a.m.
A spokesperson says former President George H.W. Bush is eager to get well so they can get to their summer home in Kennebunkport, Maine.
Jim McGrath says the 93-year-old Bush is "the most goal-oriented person on this planet."
Bush has been hospitalized in Houston with an infection, just after attending the funeral of their wife, Barbara. McGrath said Monday that Bush is "responding to treatments and appears to be recovering."
McGrath says they were admitted Sunday morning to Houston Methodist Hospital after an infection spread to their blood. They wouldn't elaborate on the 41st president's condition Monday night, saying updates will be issued "as events warrant."
Bush uses a wheelchair and an electric scooter for mobility after developing a form of Parkinson's disease.
Barbara Bush was laid to rest Saturday.
We must defend terms of our constitution, says Osinbajo
• Meets Ohaneze, five south-east govs, leaders
Acting President Yemi Osinbajo yesterday declared that the Federal Government would not shirk its responsibilities, just as they said the administration would do everything within its power to defend the terms of the nation's constitution.
They stated this when they met with the leadership of Ohaneze Ndigbo, the five governors of the south-east and the leadership of the zone in the National Assembly and other stakeholders from the area.
Present during the meeting were the President General of Ohaneze Ndigbo, Chief John Nnia Nwodo, their deputy Dr. Sylvanus Obigwei, the Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu, Governor Rochas Okorocha of Imo State, Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia, Dave Umayi of Ebonyi State, Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu States and Willie Obiano.
Also present were the Chairman of the south- east Senate caucus, Enyinnaya Abaribe, their counterpart from the House of Representatives and Deputy Minority leader, Chukwuka Onyeama, Senators Joy Emordi, Sam Egwu, Ken Nnamani, Adolphus Wabara, former Managing Director of Daily Times, Onyema Ugochukwu, former Minister of Foreign Affairs, Prof. Viola Onwuliri, among others.
The acting president had earlier also met with the leadership of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN).
The meeting yesterday, came following the sustained agitation for Biafra Republic, the sit-at-home order by the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), and the recent ultimatum by the coalition of Arewa youths asking the Igbo to quit the northern part of the country on or before October 1.
Before the meeting went into a closed-door session, the acting president reminded the leaders of the danger of violence and war, stressing that both are easy to start but difficult to end.
They further stated that the government's consultation with the people was to address the sundry agitations and proclamations urgently, adding, “Burying our heads in the sand and expecting the storm to blow over on its own accord is not an option.”
“One thing is clear – violence and war are terrible things. They are easy to start but near impossible to end. Indeed you're all aware of the Igbo proverb that says that ‘A man who rushes into battle does not realise that battle entails death.'
“Yesterday (Tuesday) I kicked off a series of consultations and engagements with leaders of thought from northern Nigeria. It was a useful meeting. Today's (yesterday) meeting, the second in the series, is with you, leaders of thought from the south-east.
“After this, I will meet with religious and traditional leaders from the north and from the south-east, on Friday and Monday respectively. And then, in the final consultation, next week Thursday, all of us, from north and south, would come together in the same room, for further engagement and consultation. I also plan at some time in between to meet with the Nigerian Governors Forum.
“These consultations are necessary, and important, because of recent events in the country. You are all aware that there have been loud and sometimes hostile agitations by youths in the south-east, calling for secession of the region from Nigeria.
“Then there was the recent ultimatum issued by a group of youths from the north, asking all south-easterners living in the north to leave by October 1 this year.
“Both of these expressions and agitations from both sides, have been attended with some controversial and hateful vituperations including patently illegal and violence-inducing remarks.
“But equally not reasonable is falling for the temptation for tit-for-tat. It has never worked or moved us closer to a solution or resolution.
“And so, it is in our bid, as government, to deal with these pressing issues and grievances, that we have convened this series of consultations, with various groups. We will never shy away from the responsibility to ensure and uphold the peace and security of Nigeria.''
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Barcelona great Xavi slammed the LaLiga giants for falling asleep amid Real Madrid's European dominance.
Madrid claimed a third consecutive Champions League title on Saturday, beating Liverpool 3-1 in the final in Kiev.
Barcelona, meanwhile, secured the LaLiga crown for the third time in four seasons during 2017-18.
But Xavi – who won four Champions League trophies with Barça – accused the Spanish champions of becoming "dormant", despite signing the likes of Luis Suarez, Philippe Coutinho and Ousmane Dembele in recent seasons.
"Madrid has a winning gene and Barça have fallen asleep," they told El Penalti.
"They have been dormant for years with signings and that takes its toll."
Xavi also pointed to Madrid's luck in the Champions League, the latest of which was Mohamed Salah's injury and Loris Karius' errors in the final.
"Real Madrid had everything in sight. Injured players like [Paris Saint-Germain star] Neymar, [Bayern Munich's Arjen] Robben, [Jerome] Boateng, the referees," they said.
"The most important Liverpool player was injured, Bayern goalkeepers [Manuel Neuer injured and Sven Ulreich's semi-final error] and Liverpool.
"It seems like a witch, but the issue is that Barcelona have fallen asleep and it seems Barça are winning titles, but the others are winning the Champions League."
OMNISPORT
Angel Di Maria soaked up the love and adoration of the Paris Saint-Germain faithful as their brilliant brace inspired a rampant 4-0 Champions League triumph over Barcelona.
PSG were knocked out of the competition by Barcelona in 2013 and 2015 but Luis Enrique's side now require a comeback unprecedented in Champions League history having been put to the sword in the French capital.
Di Maria, celebrating their 29th birthday, dispatched a free-kick that rewarded PSG's dominant start and Unai Emery's men never relinquished their grip on the first leg of the last-16 tie.
Former Sevilla boss Emery had only beaten Barcelona once in 23 previous attempts but they were well on their way to number two when Julian Draxler scored on their Champions League debut for PSG, as they did in Ligue 1 and the Coupe de France last month.
The visitors completely failed to regroup at the break and a sublime third from Di Maria's magical left foot was followed by Edinson Cavani's 32nd of the season in the 71st minute – capping a night of almost incomprehensible misery for their esteemed opponents.
Di Maria was to the fore in the early stages, setting up top scorer Cavani to have an attempt blocked by Barcelona full-back Sergi Roberto, while Marc-Andre ter Stegen demonstrated their sharp reactions and athleticism to save from Blaise Matuidi.
The hosts made their fast start tell in the 18th minute when, after Samuel Umtiti clattered through Draxler on the edge of the area, Di Maria whipped a fine free-kick beyond a disorganised wall to leave Ter Stegen with no chance.
Shots on target by MSN against PSG:
Messi (0)
Suarez (0)
Neymar (0)
Pocketed by Presnel Kimpembe and co. 💪 pic.twitter.com/nSO8ZELiQm — Squawka Football (@Squawka) February 14, 2017
Before the half-hour, Neymar shrugged off an earlier blow to their foot by gliding forward from their own half and playing in Andre Gomes, who forced Kevin Trapp to save with their feet.
Barcelona's first sustained spell of pressure only served to leave them vulnerable on the counter-attack - Germany winger Draxler skipping past Roberto to be denied by their compatriot Ter Stegen at the near post.
And Lionel Messi found themselves in the unusual position of being to blame for an opposition goal five minutes before the interval.
The irrepressible Adrien Rabiot hounded them out of possession with the assistance of Marco Verratti and the Italy midfielder twice exchanged possession with Draxler for PSG's showpiece January arrival to arrow home a low shot.
Half-time did little to clear Barcelona's heads as Rabiot made a nuisance of themselves once more, springing onto a second ball and into a crowded area to clip a shot past the far post.
4 - Barcelona have conceded four goals in a #UCL game for the first time since 2013 against Bayern (4-0). Hammerblow. pic.twitter.com/UAJ9uSXw3x — OptaJose (@OptaJose) February 14, 2017
Cavani had to wait for their 32nd of the season when they failed to head in Matuidi's centre but it mattered little as Di Maria brought a raucous Parc des Princes to its feet in the 55th minute.
The move started with goalkeeper Trapp feeding Rabiot, who drove at Barcelona once more.
A combination of Rabiot and left-back Layvin Kurzawa allowed Draxler to tear at a beleaguered defence. They fed Di Maria and, as Andres Iniesta flailed in the challenge, the Argentina star curled in a sumptuous strike from 25 yards.
Di Maria departed to a standing ovation after the hour, although the brilliant but injury prone Verratti did not enjoy such a satisfying end to their evening when they hobbled off in discomfort with 20 minutes to play.
However, the last thing Barcelona needed was fresh PSG legs and they laboured as Thomas Meunier strode forward unchallenged, playing in Cavani to emphatically slam past Ter Stegen.
Umtiti headed against the post in the 83rd minute but Barcelona were unable to move beyond base camp of the mountain they must somehow attempt to scale in next month's return at Camp Nou.
From Trussville Tribune staff reports
A single-vehicle crash early this morning claimed the life of a Jasper man.
Travis Randall Remington, 24, was killed when the 2012 Hyundai they were driving left the roadway and entered the median.
They continued off the roadway, between two bridges and landed in the Warrior River.
Remington and their vehicle were recovered from the water by rescue personnel and the Walker County Sheriff's Department Dive Team at approximately 7:30 a.m.
They were pronounced dead at the scene.
The crash occurred at 1:08 a.m. today on Interstate 22 near the 74 mile marker, three miles east of Cordova.
In addition to Troopers from ALEA's Highway Patrol Division, ALEA's Aviation and Marine Patrol Divisions also responded and assisted with the search.
The findings appeared to be a striking indication of racial discrimination in seemingly benign and mundane interactions. The tendency to ignore emails sent by African-Americans was particularly pronounced in sheriffs' offices, but it was also evident in school districts and libraries.
In a clever twist, the authors analyzed whether the replies were polite, counting responses that included either the sender's name or words like “hi,” “Mr.,” “dear,” “good” (which captures “good morning,” “good afternoon” and “have a good day”) or “thank” (which captures both “thanks” and “thank you”). By this measure, those with apparently African-American names received 8 percent fewer polite responses than those with white names.
While many studies have found differences in treatment for African-Americans and whites in employment, housing and the criminal justice system, it hasn't always been clear whether these differences reflect discrimination or other factors.
The usual difficulty is that it's impossible to find, say, job seekers who are absolutely identical in every respect except race. As a result, it is difficult to conclude whether a white job seeker succeeded — and a black one didn't — because of discrimination. While statistical techniques can adjust for some of these factors — education, geography and the like — no analysis can account for all of them.
But the new research allows for a clearer conclusion: It appears to have documented straightforward discrimination.
As a real-world experiment, it built on earlier “audit experiments,” as they are known in social science. Perhaps the most famous is a study by Marianne Bertrand of the University of Chicago and Sendhil Mullainathan of Harvard (who is a regular contributor to this column). In that earlier experiment, Ms. Bertrand and Mr. Mullainathan sent fictitious résumés to employers, finding that people with white-sounding names were more likely to receive a positive response than those with black-sounding names.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The new findings provide further indication of the many ways in which discrimination shapes the lives of African-Americans. What's more, when it's harder to get your neighborhood librarian to respond to a simple email about opening hours, it's not much of a leap to imagine other interactions — dealing with a computer help desk, the front office at a school or just the dry cleaner — that go less smoothly.
Economists tend to group explanations of discriminatory behavior into two buckets: taste-based and statistical. If a librarian chooses not to respond because a person is black, that's taste-based discrimination. In common speech, there's a simpler label: racism.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Statistical discrimination, on the other hand, occurs when a librarian uses a person's name or race as a marker for other characteristics. Perhaps an African-American-sounding name signals that a person is more likely to be poor. The librarian happens to be biased against poor people. In this case, race is being used as a statistic for inferring poverty, and it's the perception of poverty that causes the discriminatory behavior.
But two pieces of suggestive evidence in this study point to the problem here as being straightforward, taste-based discrimination.
First, the authors repeated the exercise — sending an additional 20,000 emails to the same recipients — although this time with a twist. They added a signature line, identifying the sender as a real estate agent. This extra information made the sender's name — whether it seemed to be African-American or white — less relevant for inferring income or socioeconomic status. If statistical discrimination had driven behavior in the first round, this extra information should have led to less discrimination in the follow-up. It did not.
Second, the pattern of evidence was consistent with taste-based discrimination. While the researchers didn't determine the race of the people who responded to their emails, they did have data on the racial breakdown of the municipal work forces. The racial gap in email response rates was greater in counties where the proportion of whites was higher.
Taste-based discrimination — basically, racism — isn't necessarily the result of conscious thought. In an email, Mr. Tonin, one of the study's authors, said that it's possible “this behavior is due to some sort of unconscious bias” and, therefore, that “making people aware of the problem may contribute to the solution.”
If awareness really is the first step toward a fix, then the study may be helpful in refining our understanding of racial discrimination in America. It occurs not only in the labor market and the criminal justice system, but also in countless small frictions every day.
The culprit may not be a hate-spewing white nationalist, but rather a librarian or a school administrator or a county clerk, unaware that she's helping some clients more than others.
Their efforts have largely failed to solve the problem, which their Republican constituents here blame on environmentalists and Democrats in Sacramento, California's capital, who they say are more interested in saving the smelt from extinction than serving the region's farmers with enough water, an issue that President Trump took up during their campaign.
Photo
Many people interviewed here on Friday were either unaware of the memo and the stir it had caused in Washington, or not concerned with it.
“The more information the better,” Mr. Pinkham said over lunch at Philly's, a cheesesteak restaurant in the shape of a railroad car. “The whole thing stinks. I'm not a fan of big government,” they said, adding that they haven't been watching the news. “The less I watch, my blood pressure gets a lot better.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Based in the heart of the heavily agricultural Central Valley, Mr. Nunes's district includes miles of farmland, but also parts of suburban Fresno County. Latinos slightly outnumber whites in total population, but that does not necessarily reflect the makeup of the electorate. The median household income is just over $56,000 a year, and about 20 percent of the population falls below the poverty line, compared with about 14 percent statewide. Just under 16 percent of people who live in Mr. Nunes's district have college degrees.
Democrats have made California a prime target in their efforts to recapture Republican seats in the coming midterm elections. Seven positions now held by Republicans are considered particularly vulnerable.
Mr. Nunes represents a solidly Republican part of the state and is not on that list: They won re-election in 2016 with a lopsided 67 percent of the vote; Mr. Trump drew about 53 percent of the vote that year. That said, Democrats have become increasingly optimistic about making strong showings across California this year, given Mr. Trump's unpopularity. And they have suggested that Mr. Nunes might ultimately be in their cross-hairs, in no small part because of their role as chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee and the contention by Democrats that they are misusing that position to block actions in the Russia investigation on behalf of Mr. Trump.
Not everyone, of course, supports Mr. Nunes, and The Fresno Bee, in a recent editorial, called Mr. Nunes “Trump's stooge,” for pushing for the release of the classified memo.
Photo
The editorial said of Mr. Nunes that “he certainly isn't representing their Central Valley constituents or Californians, who care much more about health care, jobs and, yes, protecting Dreamers than about the latest conspiracy theory.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
One of their main challengers, Andrew Janz, a deputy district attorney from Fresno County, said this week that the furor over the memorandum had brought in a flood of campaign contributions.
But many of Mr. Nunes's conservative constituents say they are representing them just fine, and besides, the fracas of Washington is irrelevant to their lives, many say.
“It's just a big game for everyone back there,” Mr. Pinkham said.
At Café 225, a bar and restaurant on Visalia's Main Street, Rich Gonne was drinking a beer and watching a golf tournament on their phone Friday afternoon. They had followed the news during the day, and said they had first supported the memo's release, in the name of transparency. But once it came out, and it was clear the memo's assertions were based on partial evidence, Mr. Gonne said it would only “lead to more divisions.”
They said the memo only verified what one side already believes. “It didn't do anyone any good,” they said.
Mr. Gonne said they identified as a libertarian, and did not vote for Mr. Nunes. They said they did not like Mr. Trump, but that they would probably benefit from the recent tax overhaul.
Photo
“All of them,” they said, “are liars.”
The conversation, as most political conversations here do, turned back to water.
“I'm a golfer,” they said, “and we have no water, so there are terrible conditions at the golf course. And we are about to go through a drought.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Even as residents here say they are unconcerned with Washington's dramas, nearly everyone says that the coarseness of the national political dialogue has rubbed off here, and that conversations between liberals and conservatives are more difficult.
“My feeling is we are going to hell in a hand basket,” said Kare Dunn, a retired photographer and a Democrat. They said that in the age of Trump, society had been drained of empathy, and that kids were being taught that “what is true is false.”
The relative lack of concern here with the memo, and Mr. Nunes's role at the center of the controversy, is borne out in how residents consume their local news. “People would rather read about the local robbery or whatever the local news is than what Nunes is doing in Washington,” said Eric Woomer, the news editor of the Visalia Times-Delta, a six-day-a-week newspaper.
Mr. Woomer said that when Mr. Nunes returns to their district — which they said they do frequently, and is known for playing racquetball on Sundays after church — and holds a public forum on water issues, “it is standing room only.”
“Once they go to Washington and starts talking about Russia and the intel committee, people lose interest,” they said.
They said residents here would prefer to read about a prostitution bust at a local motel than a story about Mr. Nunes and the Russia investigation. “I don't think they relate to Russia,” Mr. Woomer said. “They care about what is going on here.”
Perfume Genius' Mike Hadreas has announced Reshaped, a collection of remixes of songs from their excellent 2017 album No Shape. The first of these is a heady remix of “Run Me Through” from the young Brooklyn-based pop artist and producer King Princess, whose own debut single, “1950,” was just released in February. In King Princess's hands, the Perfume Genius song receives a subtle but through overhaul, steering its lush, swampy swell into deeper, dub-inspired waters. Though it strips back some of the most baroque flourishes, the remix retains the original's most recognizable keyboard figure while allowing pieces of Hadreas's processed choral purrs to peek out.
Other contributing Reshaped remixers include mmph, Mura Masa, Jam City, Laurel Halo, and Blake Mills, the songwriter/producer who helmed the original version of No Shape. The full remix EP is out June 8.
Last year, Spin named No Shape one the best albums of 2017. Perfume Genius previously released a remix of the No Shape song “Wreath” by kaleidoscopic synth architect Kaitlyn Aurelia Smith. Listen to King Princess's remix of “Run Me Through” and check out the full lineup for Reshaped below.
Perfume Genius, Reshaped track list
1. “Braid” (mmph Remix)
2. “Slip Away” (Mura Masa Remix)
3. “Just Like Love” (Jam City Remix)
4. “Die 4 You” (Laurel Halo Remix)
5. “Every Night” (Blake Mills Remix)
6. “Run Me Through” (King Princess Remix)
Halifax's Piece Hall has had a rich history in the cloth trade since 1779, cumulating in it being revitalised through a £19m investment in 2017.
On a warm May Bank Holiday weekend, the only weaving that the new venue was witnessing was one of a stellar musical line-up being perfectly entwined.
The tragic and untimely loss of Frightened Rabbit's Scott Hutchison leading up to the event could have resulted in the band's absence from the festival being a maudlin affair, but far from it, tributes were heartfelt and celebratory.
Headliner Father John Misty has steadily built a strong and dedicated following through their American folk rock tinged three solo albums. Prior to embarking on an extensive worldwide tour to support their imminent fourth effort, God's Favourite Customer, Misty brought their usual swagger to the Piece Hall. The man possesses a voice that can fill most venues so Yorkshire's finest piazza was no challenge.
Misty's sets build, from the innocuous low key entrance through to the microphone waving flamboyance, and now regular contains string and brass sections providing depth and majesty to the tracks.
From openers Nancy From Now On and Chateau Lobby #4, on which the Spanish tinged brass was the perfect accompaniment, through to new tracks Mr Tillman and Disappointing Diamonds Are the Rarest of Them All, Misty delved into their back catalogue giving airings to earlier album tracks such as Only Son of the Ladiesman, a sign of confidence in front of an audience that weren't there solely for their set.
Highlights were how the favourites of Hollywood Forever Cemetery, Pure Comedy and I Love You, Honeybear haven't been tarnished from their overuse, but rather have new arrangements, a new level of exuberance and ebullience that contrasts perfectly with the acoustic, more reflective numbers.
Prior to Misty's appearance Edwyn Collins had produced a set which being slightly slow to hit full speed, when it did through the Orange Juice classic Rip it Up, ignited. With the late afternoon sun slowly disappearing, the crowd fully engaged with this and set closer A Girl Like You, Collins leaving the set early to allow their superb band to take the plaudits.
Before a minute applause for the afternoon's fallen hero Hutchison, Leeds's own Hookworms had provided a more intense and rawer interjection to proceedings. Through frontman Matthew Johnson's demonic stares and bellowed vocals, the band's fraught, vigorous fuzz electronic sound hit Halifax right between the eyes.
Tracks from the bands third album Microshift stand out, the energy displayed through their tumultuous set list was infectious. Ullswater and Each Time We Pass convey the sort of ardour and fervour that meant that their place second on the line-up in the mid-afternoon slot was a stroke of genius.
The day's openers The Orielles weren't going to miss the opportunity to open The Piece Hall's first major music event, hailing as they do from the town. The young band's debut Silver Dollar Moment belies their young age, the indie pop tunes hanging from lead vocalist Esme-Dee Hand-Halford's thundering bass rhythms.
Tracks such as 48 Percent and Old Stuff, New Glass caught more than just the attention of the day's early crowd, the perfect opening band to an afternoon of live music in a stunning venue that now it's a proven success can look forward to a bright new future weaving a new kind of magic.
REGINA — People who break Saskatchewan's new recreational marijuana laws could face fines ranging from $200 to well over $2,000, depending on the charge.
The government says in a release that it has amended regulations to allow for the ticketing of a number of offences under its Cannabis Control Act.
The smallest ticket will apply to people convicted of possessing or distributing more than 30 grams of dried marijuana in a public place, consuming it in public or in a campground when it's prohibited.
From there, the punishment for various infractions gets more expensive and includes a $1,000 fine for smoking up at a school, on school grounds or at a child-care facility.
The biggest ticket — $2,250 — will be issue to a retail seller who fails to demand proof of age from a buyer, or a permit holder who sells or distributes to a minor.
The province says the regulations are similar to ones covering alcohol and won't go into effect until this fall when the act is proclaimed.
The federal government has indicated cannabis will be legal in Canada on Oct. 17.
The Saskatchewan government release said until that time, current laws and rules apply and cannabis for recreational purposes remains illegal.
You wouldn't know it by looking at Smith & Wesson Holding‘s (NASDAQ: SWHC) stock price chart, but 2016 has been an exceptionally good year for the gunmaker's business. Mostly because of burgeoning gun sales, revenues soared 68% over 2015, but the transformation into a diversified rugged outdoors company, as reflected by itschanging its name to American Outdoor Brands, has helped, as well.
Continue Reading Below
SWHC data by YCharts.
While firearms sales recorded greater growth than did the outdoors and accessories segment, the latter carried better gross margins. Stripping out one-time expenses related to the acquisitions this year of Crimson Trace, Taylor Brands, and Ultimate Survival Technologies, the segment has margins of nearly 50% compared to around 42% in firearms.
So it's not so simple to say one segment was worse than the other, particularly when the rugged outdoors market could become the major growth driver in the future for Smith & Wesson. Still, drilling down further into the company, we do find one business that has stumbled along all year long: Thompson/Center Arms.
A transition gone awry
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Acquired in 2007 for $102 million, Thompson/Center Arms was Smith & Wesson's introduction into the long-guns market. It was a leading name in hunting with its black-powder guns, and was especially proficient in manufacturing long-gun barrels.
Smith & Wesson has since expanded its business into multiple segments of the long-gun market, such as introducing its own brand of modern sporting rifles, so it should be positioned to capture changing consumer preference for these types of firearms. The gunmaker reported shipments of long guns more than doubled last quarter, far outstripping the 40% gains made in handgun shipments.
Image source: Thompson/Center.
Yet Thompson continues to struggle today. It was split up in the fiscal fourth quarter so that firearms like its Compass bolt-action rifle will still be found in the firearms segment, but the accessories business was transferred, appropriately enough, to the accessories segment. While that sort of common-sense division should havebeen intuitively simple, the integration has been hard.
In an attempt to increase profitability, Smith & Wesson raised prices on many Thompson accessories and eliminated its discounting and promotional programs. That caused sales to suffer, but it helped profit levels improve markedly with gross margins rising 5 percentage points, to 47.3% in the fiscal first quarter.
Stalled growth
But that was about as good as things got. CEO James Debney admitted on Smith & Wesson's second-quarter earnings call with analysts that the Thompson transition is still a work in progress and they're trying to get the balance right between price and the SKUs they have remaining following the rationalization of a number of them.
Image source: Thompson/Center.
Even in areas where Thompson has done well, such as the Compass rifle, it still has problems. Shortly after it was released, Smith & Wesson was forced to initiate a recall of the weapon because it could accidentally discharge if the gun was dropped. It told owners to immediately stop using the rifle until the defect could be repaired.
Having a go at it in the ruggedoutdoors
Smith & Wesson is no longer just a firearms manufacturer in the way that industry peer Sturm, Ruger remains a pure play on guns. Smith & Wesson has decided the rugged outdoors market is where it can achieve the greatest growth in the future, and 2016 marked the year where it began to transform itself to reflect that change.
It estimates the rugged outdoors gear and accessories market is a $60-billion market, significantly larger than firearms, which is now reverting to the mean, and entering a period of “normalization.” While Smith & Wesson ought to be able to take more market share from its rivals in such an environment, it's looking beyond just guns for greater growth. Yet Thompson accessories likely will hold that segment back for at least another quarter, and possibly longer.
10 stocks we like better than Smith and Wesson Holding
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Smith and Wesson Holding wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of Nov. 7, 2016
Rich Duprey has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fool may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Boeing Co warned employees on Monday it planned another round of involuntary layoffs that would affect hundreds of engineers at its commercial airplanes unit, according to a source and a memo seen by Reuters.
Continue Reading Below
The latest job cuts followed a prior involuntary reduction of 245 workers set for May 19 as the company responded to increasing competition and slowing aircraft sales.
The additional layoffs are due to start June 23, according to the memo from John Hamilton, vice president of engineering at Boeing Commercial Airplanes.
“We are moving forward with a second phase of involuntary layoffs for some select skills in Washington state and other enterprise locations,” the memo said. “We anticipate this will impact hundreds of engineering employees. Additional reductions in engineering later this year will be driven by our business environment and the amount of voluntary attrition.”
Boeing's airplane unit eliminated several hundred engineers through voluntary redundancies announced in January and March.
In a statement, the aerospace and defense company said the extra job cuts would include managers and executives and be achieved through a combination of attrition, voluntary layoffs and in some cases involuntary layoffs.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
“In an ongoing effort to increase overall competitiveness and invest in our future, we are reducing costs and matching employment levels to business and market requirements,” the statement said.
It was not immediately clear whether workers at Boeing's Dreamliner factory in South Carolina would be affected.
(Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Andrew Hay)
It is worth saying this about the Supreme Court's Thursday decision in the case of Canada v. Fontaine: it hurts. In a unanimous (7-0) ruling, the court agreed that records and transcripts of residential-school survivor testimony collected under the “truth and reconciliation” process can be destroyed.
The federal government had pushed the case to the Supreme Court level, arguing that the records are government documents now, and that the law of Canada literally does not permit them to be annihilated. But witnesses who gave testimony about suffering abuse, humiliation, and cultural torment in the schools said they had spoken out under a super-strong promise of confidentiality. (They had plenty of evidence for that, too.) To many of them, technical arguments for preserving painful, intimate secrets have looked like a horrible bait-and-switch.
Anyone who has been involved with history as a researcher, student, librarian, archivist, palaeographer, anthropologist… hell, even as a particularly aware reader: anyone in one of these categories is going to feel some sting from the Supreme Court's finding, which accepts an irretrievable, certain loss of valuable documentary information. It will make revisiting and reassessing the residential schools experience in the far future harder than it otherwise would be.
Murray Sinclair fought for the preservation of all records
Sen. Murray Sinclair, the head of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, fought for the preservation of all the records generated in the quasi-judicial process. They may be wrong about whether that is the right thing to do: based on what witnesses said about their expectations for confidentiality, I think they are wrong. (And it is, at best, awkward for them to be in an argument with them about it.) But when they spoke of the overall record having much power to sustain the memory of the residential-school disaster when those who experienced it are all gone, they had a strong point.
Perhaps unfortunately, the government's position on the mere law was much less convincing. When it came to the fate of the testimonial record, the written terms of the Indian Residential Schools Settlement Agreement, which compacted a myriad of actual and potential lawsuits into one grand hearing, were not formulated with great foresight. Nowhere does the actual agreement say that federal archiving law will apply to the documents.
It emphasizes, in general, that personal testimonies will be both confidential and private. But, as the government of Canada argued, it also places a high importance on historical commemoration. A supervising judge was left, at the end of the process, to work out the contradiction without much explicit guidance about what to do.
The court recognized that the people who told these stories in a confidential setting are the proper, rightful owners of those stories
That judge decided that the records should be destroyed after they had been retained for a while to give individual witnesses the choice to order them preserved. The Ontario Court of Appeal basically upheld this scheme, and the Supreme Court has now ordered that the files will be archived for 15 years before being wiped out or, if witnesses prefer, forwarded to the National Research Centre for Truth and Reconciliation (NCTR) at the University of Manitoba.
In other words, it is not a wholesale conflagration of personal stories. The court merely recognized that the people who told these stories in a confidential setting are the proper, rightful owners of those stories, as captured in that particular form. The federal government had advanced the theory that the transcripts and other recordings are “government records” and that it must follow statutory rules for documents that are in government hands. The court accepted the counterargument, which ought to have been pretty obvious: these are litigation records generated in a dispute resolution process. The government's position is that of a custodian, not a proprietor.
Rescuing some part of this record for posterity will involve convincing individuals, one by one, to contribute their own files voluntarily to the NCTR. It's a demand for, you know … what's the word I'm looking for here? Consent. Historical preservation is certainly an important principle, but if it is important, it is important enough to be honoured by asking people explicitly to participate in it.
I hope the task is taken seriously, and that some witnesses will find the courage to contribute to history. It definitely makes one's skin crawl a little to imagine the court having reached the opposite conclusion—to have found itself in the position of telling Canadian Indians, “Sorry, but federal law says that the embodiment of your pain has to be conveyed to a museum for future inspection. We're sure you understand.”
The groundhog made a second appearance, in this one casting a shadow over the local sports scene.
Try as it might, the renowned rodent just couldn't predict another two quarters of cold shooting for the Welland Centennial Cougars, even when the defending champions at the Niagara Falls Review High School Basketball Tournament trailed 22-4 after the first quarter.
The Cougars, whose game plan is predicated on a well-balanced scoring attack, proved the prediction right.
After trailing the St. Paul Patriots 31-19, the Cats came back, all the way to a 66-59 victory in an overtime thriller Friday night at Westlane Secondary School.
In the first half, cold shooting, like the common cold, was contagious infecting the entire Centennial lineup. Shots that bounced off the glass and clanged off the rim outnumbered field goals and 3's, by a wide margin.
Head coach Phil Mosley didn't say anything extraordinary to the Cougars at the break. They reminded their players what they could do, because they all had done it before.
“We were shooting cold, and we were down, but we just said we're going to stick to our game plan,” Mosley said. “We knew that our shots would eventually drop.
“They still didn't go down as easily as I would have liked in the second half, although we did start to shoot a little bit better.”
Centennial, which lost to St. Francis in the final at the Standard Tournament and beat Notre Dame for the Tribune Tournament championship a little more than a month later, didn't push the panic button.
“We just stayed with our game, and we believed in each other. That's been sort of our motto all season long.”
The Patriots, who trailed by as many as nine points in regulation, forced a four-minute overtime when Victor Kariuki, their player of the game and a tournament all-star, went 2-for-2 from the free-throw line with 8.1 seconds left on the clock.
“We just made too many mistakes,” St. Paul head coach Frank Capretta said. “I'm sure they (Centennial) had a lot to do with some of the mistakes, but we just tried doing the same things over and over again.
“And sooner or later, we realized they didn't work.”
Keenan Larmand, Nick Yioldassis, both Centennial; Richard Werner, St. Paul; and Dusan Krkljus, St. Michael; also were named to the all-star team.
Centennial's Reese Radobenko was named the most valuable player at the eight-team tournament.
St. Michael defeated A.N. Myer 60-50 in the third-place final.
Gryphons net B title
Day 2 of the Niagara Falls Review High School Boys Basketball Tournament is all about comebacks for teams on the consolation side of the bracket.
Qualifying-round losers have two chances to end the eight-team competition on a winning note, giving their programs something to build on heading into the playoffs less than two weeks from now.
At this year's tournament the Greater Fort Erie Gryphons were the team that made the most of the opportunity. Niagara's newest high school rebounded from an opening-round loss to St. Michael by defeating Stamford 68-44 in the semifinals and host Westlane 56-29 to win the consolation championship.
Austin Ladouceur, selected their team's player of the game after leading all scorers in the B final with 17 points, said the Gryphons returned to the court Friday morning knowing they needed to “pick some momentum.”
Rather than dwell solely on how rusty and out of sync they were in a 57-35 loss to St. Michael, they needed to build on positives from that game.
“We needed to be in the right mindset for the games today,” the 6-foot guard said.
They called the loss to the Mustangs a wakeup call.
“It definitely got us to check and see where we need to be.”
Ladouceur suggested playing two games in one day, while exhausting to some players, could be an advantage, with momentum from the first carrying over into the second.
“It definitely could be an advantage if you have a good first game.”
Once again, all 12 games in the 40th edition of the tournament were played at Westlane, but Spartans guard Daniyal Siddiqui didn't feel extra pressure playing on their homecourt.
“Not really, because we have great fans right here,” the Grade 12 student said after competing in their second, and final, Review Tournament.
“We are disappointed that we lost, but I think overall we did have better defence.”
They were proud of the team's work ethic.
“To us, we never want to get outworked by someone and I'm pretty sure we hustled,” Siddiqui said. “There were a few shots that weren't falling for us.”
Niagara Christian defeated Stamford 58-51 in the seventh-place final.
bfranke@postmedia.com
“Oh, Jens,” the English singer-songwriter Tracey Thorn sighed, with gentle impatience, on their 2010 insta-classic “Oh, the Divorces!”, a delectable little gallery of estrangements. “Oh, Jens. Your song seemed to look through a different lens. You're still so young. Love ends just as easy as it's begun.” This tough love was directed at Swedish indie-pop flâneur Jens Lekman, almost twenty years their junior. Two years later, on “Become Someone Else's,” they conceded the point with gratitude and a subtle rejoinder: “What Tracey sang about me was true. It all depends on what lens you're looking through, maybe. But all I know of love I learned from you, Tracey.” For someone trying to write acutely about the complex ways people really think about one another, having Tracey Thorn as a mentor is some Yoda-level shit. It's not just their supple contralto — like a hand running through dark, sparkling fur — that makes them irreplaceable; it's also their wisdom about the subtle interconnection of who we are, who we want, and what we want from them.
Thorn's latest, Record, opens with “Queen,” a dragonfly-winged pop-house anthem that reckons with fame but turns on the central question underlying all our lives: “Do I ever find love?” Though firmly planted on the dancefloor, Record is for sunshine and joy the way 2008 masterpiece Out of the Woods was for moody rain and 2010 chamber-pop charmer Love and Its Opposite for snug wood paneling. But for all its color and vim, it's also a brave, grave survey — emotionally if not always factually autobiographical — of Thorn's relationship to London, their family, and their own heart. The svelte songs are inscribed with acute insights about female exposure and power, the space between private and public selves, and the clarity of romance's little devices and dooms—but only when the romance is over.
Thorn is best known for accidentally becoming an ethereal pop star in the nineties as half of Everything but the Girl, a duo with Ben Watt, to whom she's married as far as anyone can tell. (Despite their deceptively oversharing music, they are private about their personal life.) But later, when it was Nothing but the Girl, Thorn embraced pop in its earthiest essence. In their fifties, they can take dance-pop places—geopolitical, mythological, experiential, and emotional—that their younger peers, for all their restless highs, can't. Instead of trying to recreate youth, they plants mature perspectives in euphoric forms, sprouting fresh green shoots of profundity. Like Lekman, she's catnip for connoisseurs of ingenious music you can swoon for, dance to, or think about in relation to your own life.
As someone who's released just three judicious albums of original material in ten years, Thorn is almost too good of an editor. (I always long for the flawless miniature “Hands Up to the Ceiling” to go on for one more verse.) They don't waste a moment of Record, which zips through nine substantial songs in hardly half an hour. Ewan Pearson's springy, sticky, nostalgic electro-pop is so finely webbed around Thorn's voice that it feels less like a track than an emanation, an iridescent medium shuddering from their steady force. The music keeps pace with Thorn's alert intelligence, as when a huge void erupts from the tiny pause after the line “Here's death” in the aching personal essay “Air,” or when diegetic guitar chords slip through the ridiculously charming “Guitar.”
These two songs showcase Thorn's knack for writing quotable lyrics; she's especially great with devastating couplets: no one will ever top “Love is a mistake/an easy one to make”) and then atomizing their nuances with warm, intricate phrasing. “Air,” an excavation site of romantic self-esteem stretching back to childhood, is nimble with its titular metaphor; Thorn draws themselves as at once embarrassingly there—“Too tall, all wrong, deep voice, headstrong”—and not there at all, “like plate glass, like fresh air.” And “Guitar” uses the instrument as a motif to span naïve young love and wised-up adult memory, a Thorn speciality. The song enfolds not just the onrush, but also the pivot and the aftermath, the long game past the end of the rom-com. It's a life in less than three minutes. “Oh god, you couldn't make it up,” Thorn sings, as a wistful cloud floats across the smile in their voice. But they did make it up, and it's brilliant.
It's rare for an artist's post-fame albums to make their famous ones sound wan, but here we are. Rather than the burn hard, burn out narrative customary to talent, Thorn models adult life as a story of refinement, of mounting abilities, not of decline. That's inspiring. So is their baring of weaknesses to accumulate strength, building long bridges between pain and power. “Sister,” featuring Corinne Bailey Rae, is a slashing disco-funk epic that wriggles and zaps for more than eight minutes, as Thorn alternately universalizes womanhood and just humiliates the patriarchy with its own language: “You are the man, but I'm not your baby … and I fight like a girl.” (She definitely doesn't mean “weakly.”) Them moral authority is entwined with their willingness to examine and reveal their most vulnerable guises. “Face,” for instance, rather shatteringly dissects an unhealthy relationship with an ex's social media. We've been there. Thorn makes it feel safe to recognize these unflattering parts of ourselves, because the mirror, the music, is so beautiful and strong. So maybe we can be, too. On Record, it seems like only they could show us how.
OTTAWA — The Liberal government is planning to introduce long-promised legislation as early as Tuesday to strengthen controls on the sale, licensing and tracing of guns.
The Liberals are bracing for political pushback from the Conservatives, as the bill would repeal some measures passed by the previous government.
The bill is expected to fulfil Liberal election platform promises to enhance background checks for anyone buying a handgun or other restricted firearm, as well as require purchasers to present a valid licence.
The Liberals also pledged to require vendors to keep records of all firearms inventory and sales to assist police in investigating gun trafficking and other firearms-related crimes.
The government has stressed that it has no interest in reviving a national long-gun registry.
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale has already earmarked more than $327 million over five years, and $100 million a year thereafter, to address criminal gun and gang activities.
— Follow @JimBronskill on Twitter
Why it matters to you The contributions of women to electronic gaming have often been underappreciated, but an upcoming exhibit at The Strong National Museum of Play is looking to remedy that.
The Strong National Museum of Play in Rochester, New York, is a collections-based museum focused on the “exploration of play.” It hosts the International Center for the History of Electronic Games (ICHEG) and the World Video Game Hall of Fame — meaning it's the place to go to experience anything to do with the history of computer gaming.
The museum has announced an upcoming woman in Games project aimed at recognizing the contributions of women in creating electronic games. The initiative will pull together and maintain materials that highlight the impact women have had on the gaming industry.
More: Obama to honor two women who helped shape computer science as we know it
“Women have played major, if often underappreciated, roles in the development of both games and computing, the two streams of cultural and technological development that combined to produce the modern-day video game industry,” said Jon-Paul Dyson, director of ICHEG. “Women have indelibly shaped every aspect of the history of video games, and that story needs to be better documented and told.”
The Women in Games initiative will utilize the Strong Museum's existing holdings, comprised of prototypes, games, design and marketing documents, correspondence, photographs, and other materials, and will add in new materials as well. Some of the more important collections that will be utilized in the project include the Ken and Roberta Williams Sierra-Online collection, Them Interactive, Inc Collection, and the Atari Coin-Op Division Collection.
The project is being spearheaded by Shannon Symonds, ICHEG associate curator, who describes the effort as follows:
“The Strong's Women in Games initiative will chronicle the many ways women have shaped the development of games, from design and production, to manufacturing and marketing, to consumption and criticism. We invite anyone with relevant materials, or who would like to help us tell this important story, to collaborate with us in a number of ways — from donating materials to underwriting programs.”
The Women in Games exhibit is schedule to open in September 2018, and will cater to the museum's more than 2 million on-site and online visitors. To find out more about the Women in Games initiative, or to lend your support, you can contact Symonds.
The Missouri Department of Agriculture has extended its restrictions on dicamba herbicides to products manufactured by Monsanto and DuPont. The new rules are part of the state's effort to curb crop damage for farmers that don't use genetically modified soybeans.
In the 2018 growing season, farmers in several counties in Missouri's bootheel region will not be allowed to spray Monsanto's XtendiMax and DuPont's FeXapan on dicamba-tolerant soybean and cotton after June 1. In the rest of the state, farmers cannot apply either product after July 15. Pesticide applicators can only spray XtendiMax and FeXapan between 7:30 a.m. and 5:30 p.m., submit daily forms to the department before every application and complete training with the University of Missouri Extension. The same rules were imposed on BASF's dicamba product Engenia in mid-November.
Original story:
Next June, growers in several counties located in Missouri's bootheel region will no longer be allowed to spray Engenia, BASF's dicamba-based pesticide.
The Missouri Department of Agriculture announced Friday that it would ban the pesticide to protect farmers whose crops are vulnerable to damage from dicamba. The herbicide, intended to kill a notorious weed called pigweed, can be difficult to control.
State regulators and growers associations are trying to support farmers who use the herbicide on dicamba- resistant crops while also protecting farmers who don't use dicamba-resistant seeds.
Dicamba becomes a gas in hot weather and can drift for miles and damage sensitive crops. The chemical ruined approximately 325,000 acres of soybeans in Missouri during this year's growing season, according to plant scientists at the University of Missouri-Columbia.
The state could extend the new regulations to other dicamba products, including Monsanto's XtendiMax and DuPont's FeXapan. Some farmers and agriculture experts think that the new label represents a start to addressing damage from dicamba while others, particularly pesticide companies, oppose the cut-off dates.
"It's definitely a tightrope act, making sure we're delivering for our farmers and working side by side with industry and regulatory partners at the same time," said Gary Wheeler, CEO of the Missouri Soybean Association.
"If a producer decides to use [dicamba-resistant seeds], it's their or their choice to use that product," Wheeler added. "And same goes for conventional [growers] to not use that product. So it's our job to make sure that those opportunities exist for both sides."
There is no timeline for when the state could impose similar restrictions on XtendiMax. Monsanto's vice president of global strategy, Scott Partridge, said there's little scientific evidence to support the cut-off dates.
"Pigweeds are going to grow throughout the season and we believe the science supports our growers having the choice throughout the season to use the newest and best technology," Partridge said.
Partridge added that off-target movements of dicamba could be avoided if the University of Missouri Extension provides growers with more training on how to properly use the herbicide.
Several factors, including wind, temperature and the formulation's volatility can play a role in moving dicamba off-target, but researchers and pesticide companies are debating which factor contributes more. Dicamba has been used since the 1960s, but has been applied mainly in the spring. Scientists are studying the chemical to understand how it affects crops in summer weather.
Follow Eli on Twitter: @StoriesByEli
On Tuesday following a press op with French President Emmanuel Macron, Trump got a question from ABC News reporter Jonathan Karl that made them very angry.
Asked Karl, “Mr. President, what about Michael Cohen? Are you considering a pardon for Michael Cohen?”
Snapped Trump, flashing Karl the death glare: “Stupid. Stupid question.”
"Stupid question," Pres. Trump says after @jonkarl asks whether they are considering pardoning their attorney Michael Cohen. https://t.co/w0AwKuVz4a pic.twitter.com/hEXNLD43Hs — ABC News (@ABC) April 24, 2018
Trump has reportedly been rattled by the possibility that their lawyer, Michael Cohen, whose offices were raided by the FBI earlier this month, will flip on him. The concern was amplified by a New York Times article late last week that suggested as much.
The NYT report caused a Level 10 Trump tantrum over the weekend in which they screeched: “The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Haberman, known as a Crooked H flunkie who I don't speak to and have nothing to do with, are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and their relationship with me in the hope that they will “flip.” They use……..non-existent “sources” and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael, a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a business person for their own account/lawyer who I have always liked & respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble, even if……..it means lying or making up stories. Sorry, I don't see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!”
Business News of Tuesday, 15 August 2017
Source: Esther Gyebi-Donkor
2017-08-15
Esther Gyebi-Donkor,
The presidency is waving the flag for change. The “Port Efficiency” revolution has swept through the Maritime Industry at whirlwind Speed over the past few months and players in the industry have to keep pace with timelines drawn or face…
The intention of the government is to facilitate trade. The relevance of trade facilitation stems from the fact that it results in direct benefits to both Government and the Business Community. Some of the benefits to government are: increased effectiveness of control methods; more effective and efficient deployment of resources, high revenue yields; improved trader compliance; accelerated economic development and increased foreign investment.
Benefits to traders include: reduced costs and delays; faster custom clearance and release through predictable official intervention; simple commercial framework for doing international and domestic trade and enhanced competition.
Port efficiency gives the Port the capabilities of reducing delays in clearing cargo from the port which matches the needs of the customer and the mission of Ghana Ports and Harbours Authority (GPHA). Port efficiency had been trumpeted as a major part of GPHA's strategic plan over the years, but I must concede that in spite of all its benefits, GPHA wasn't swift enough to establish an e-clearance (paperless) implementation at the Ghanaian Ports.
Again, port efficiency is a crucial aspect of the port's operation but hinges mainly on the operations of other stakeholders in the port. With the demonstrated commitment of the present Government, it is expected that the Port will receive the necessary cooperation from other institutions and stakeholders to make up for lost time.
Years earlier, GPHA had already set the ball rolling for a Paperless Port. In a major departure from the previous reliance on the use of paper based documentation, GPHA adopted e-Solutions for the booking of berths online, (E-vessel Booking), E-gate System, Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 R3 geared to improving management processes and the acquisition of the Jade Master Terminal which is a Terminal Operating System to be interfaced with the Port Community System and the systems of other major Stakeholders in the Maritime Industry.
The E-Booking was launched at the end of 2015, awareness created and implantation started in 2016. Part of the E-Gate System (E-ID Cards and Biometric Identification Systems) for the entry of Port users is in use.
It is not just about talk and test anymore, it's very much about action. Maybe what happened was that we were not fast enough or we did not have enough legal backing as a Port Authority to change the Paper operation and other delayed processes of other Stakeholders who operate in the Port.
There is excitement in the Maritime Industry especially at GPHA that, having the involvement of the Presidency (Playing the lead role) in the Port Efficiency Crusade will provide the needed results.
All of a sudden there is a display of a perfect collaboration and coordination among the Stakeholders, all avoiding the “blame game” that we used to witness. The respective stakeholders are currently poised to maximize the new developments around us for the realization of the “Port Efficiency” agenda. Port efficiency has become a priority for all.
With the enthusiasm demonstrated by the Vice President Their Excellency Dr. Mahamudu Bawumia, the only immediate challenge that I can foresee when the Port Clearance is fully automated is system failures slowing down the process and causing delays. The e-Solution providers' system downtime will cause delays in lodging of Entries, electronic payments and general processing. What will be the plan “B” when the systems are down? Paper or no Paper?
The poor performance of a Port and container terminal can also be partly due to lack of investment in infrastructural development, equipment and workforce. From the infrastructural development point of view, GPHA have got tons of it to show.
The fact that GPHA is solely responsible for the provision of both infrastructure and superstructure, GPHA has systematically recorded progress in the provision of port infrastructure and superstructure (berths, quays, jetty, gantry cranes, Harbour Mobile cranes and other facilities and equipment,) in the bid to make our ports efficient over the years.
How easy is it to convince other stakeholders to do what is good for the customer when they operate based on their individual laws and are autonomous? All the institutions are Authorities of their own.
The Presidency's Paperless and joint inspection directives and the subsequent road map (full automation) when implemented by 1st September 2017, will be the most significant step towards ensuring Port efficiency in the Ports of Ghana but that will not be all.
The question is should we wait for further directives from the presidency? No! All stakeholders in the industry should review their processes and make it efficient as part of the change. Various stakeholders would have to pay attention to issues raised below:
Shippers/Consignee Related
1. Incorrect or discrepancies in documentation that require amendments prior to commencement and during the clearance process. Documentation which forms the basis of the whole procedure of clearance is beset with problems. Most delays in clearing is due to the inadequacy of information supplied by importers for processing. Non-complaint level is so high.
2. Insufficient knowledge of rules/regulations and documentation requirements on the part of Shippers/Consignees.
3. The inability of Agents/shippers to make prompt payment for fuel and other logistics for loaded trucks to leave the Port or Port Area especially for Transit.
4. Problems of money transfer and related issues for the Transit trade since there are currency differences.
5. Groupage is being done in Full Container Load (FCL) containers instead of Less Container Load (LCL). Meanwhile, the goods cannot be cleared on LCL basis because the agents are not consolidators, therefore the Terminal require them to pay for the full container before it is opened. The agent will also not be given access to the Terminal Container Freight Station. All the parties whose goods are in the FCL container may not have the money available at the same time, therefore delaying the clearance of the other parties and increasing their cost.
Shipping Lines Related
1. The non-uniformity in manifest provided by Shipping Lines results in delays in documentation
2. Untimely issuance of local shipping line charges. Some Shipping Lines/agencies are noted for adding new charges on their invoices without being checked. Even when there is Government intervention, it is difficult to get them to comply.
3. Some Shipping Lines are still charging VAT on transit cargo although the then Commissioner, Domestic Tax Revenue Division in December 2014 confirmed to the Port Community through the Ghana Shippers Authority that Transit goods should not attract VAT except when they are entered for home consumption with the approval of the Commissioner General. Reference Section 42(8) of the Value Added Tax 2013, Act 870.
4. Excessive container deposits demanded by shipping lines especially for the transit containers.
5. Non operationalization of the 7 days operation by the shipping lines (they do not come to work on Saturdays while the terminals and customs have complied and come to work)
Port /Terminal/CFS Related
1. Delays in transferring containers from the Port to ICD for delivery.
2. Loading delays due to inadequate Port equipment and yard constraints sometimes.
3. Inadequate storage and devanning facilities for the increasing transit traffic.
4. Cumbersome nature of the Terminal tariff application.
Custom Related
1. The consignees have been complaining about high custom duties and taxes and their inability to pay on time delays the clearance process. Delays in customs clearance are often major contributors to time in storage and consequently, to additional storage charges (increase cost). The cargo must stay in Port storage until the duties and taxes are paid except for those who are under the warehousing regime and special cases.
2. Frequent shortage of Custom tracking Device for the transit trucks and for container transfers, warehousing etc.
3. The rate of exchange of cedi which is usually released on Friday afternoon and declared on Tuesday is actually utilized by clearing agents from Tuesday. Thus, it will be more appropriate if the rate of exchange is implemented from Tuesday to Mondays to prevent Mondays being wasted or even monthly.
Transporters
1. Scarcity of trucks to load cargo causes delays.
2. Arbitrary increment of transport rates (fares) by truck owners.
3. The ongoing impasse between the Joint Association of Port and Transport Union Operators (JAPTU) and the Burkina Shippers Council (OTRAF) concerning cargo sharing as far as transit cargo is concerned.
Freight Forwarder
1. Limited investments in their business. Shippers would have to bring money before the clearing process begins thus causing delays.
2. The account (Bill) rendered to consignees by their Agents for the service rendered have many questions unanswered. Invoices are forged to increase charges which sometimes delays clearance because the consignee may pay duty to Custom but will postpone payment of Terminal charges to take delivery at a later date because of lack of funds. It increases cost to the consignee.
3. Groupage is being done in Full Container Load (FCL) containers instead of Less Container Load (LCL). Meanwhile, the goods cannot be cleared on LCL basis because the agents are not consolidators, therefore the Terminal require them to pay for the full container before it is opened. The agent will also not be given access to the Terminal Container Freight Station. All the parties whose goods are in the FCL container may not have the money available at the same time, therefore delaying the clearance of the other parties and increasing their cost.
4. The increase in the number of unscrupulous clearing agents/consignees who under declare leading to short collection and its' attendant delays. Some of these agents also run away with consignees' money which delays the clearing process and increase cost.
Others
1. Ghana's corridor lacks rail infrastructure to provide an alternative and a cheaper option of transportation.
2. The Hamile- Burkina Faso road is not in good condition and must be fixed to reduce the transport time spent by transit trucks.
3. Directives have been given by the Vice President on Customs Barrier removal but nothing have been said about the Police barriers yet. Meanwhile, there are too many Police check points and extortion of money from transit trucks on the roads. Harassment of drivers by the police on the roads is rated higher than the Customs officers.
Conclusion
Unsatisfactory services and many organization's inability to respond quickly enough to an ever changing Port customer needs is for Government and the general public an unsatisfactory status quo. It is believed that the industry is overly inward-looking and ripe for change for that matter, drastic action is necessary.
The three directives given to the Port Community to accomplish by 1st September, 2017 by the Vice President, is just the beginning of a series of moves by government to make the Country's Ports more attractive to Port Users.
This has been difficult in the past because we have multiple agencies currently handling several parts of cargo flow instead of having one agency managing all the processes to give coordination and focus.
Given the current weak legal backing/support that GPHA as the body who should spearhead the implementation of initiatives has, one can only say that the Presidency's intervention and enthusiasm is timely and welcoming.
In future the legal issues must be addressed to give authority to the appropriate institution to efficiently manage the Ports of Ghana without the Vice Presidents' intervention.
When Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy announced their retirement at the end of this coming July, news media, politicians and pundits immediately began to debate the pros and cons that will swirl around their possible successor. MSNBC's Chris Matthews commented that if the Democratic leadership doesn't block Trump's nominee, there will be “hell to pay.”
That was an interesting choice of words. I was wondering if Chris believes in a literal place of eternal torment or if they were just being metaphorical.
When Harry Truman ran for re-election, it was common for politicians to stump their campaign at whistle stops. As Truman finished one such speech from the rear passenger car of the train, they were on a man in the crowd yelled out “give 'em hell Harry,” referring to their political foes in Washington. Truman replied, “I don't give them hell. I tell them the truth and they think it's hell.”
So I think the “hell” Chris Matthews is referring to is the truth that President Trump will be making the nomination of Justice Kennedy's successor. This is why many voted for Trump, not because they were a pillar of morality, but they feared Hillary Clinton's nominees to the high Court if they had won.
But before advocates of religious liberty and nascent life begin to shout hallelujah, I think a history lesson is in order.
Former President Ronald Reagan nominated Robert Bork to replace retiring Justice Lewis Powell. Bork's bid to serve on the Supreme Court was contentious from the start. When their nomination ultimately failed Reagan nominated Anthony Kennedy.
It is common practice for a Supreme Court Nominee to make the rounds meeting privately with each member of the Senate Judiciary Committee to be vetted. When Kennedy made those rounds, Ted Kennedy (no relation) and Jesse Helms both served on the committee. Ted was an ultra-liberal; Jesse was an ultra-conservative.
After meeting with each, both gave their full-throated support for Kennedy's nomination and the rest is, as they say, “history.” I wrote at that time that Anthony Kennedy had missed their calling; they should have been a politician and not a judge.
Over time Justice Kennedy has been the pivotal vote between conservatives and liberals in a number of precedent setting decisions. Probably the most controversial was the majority opinion they wrote in Obergefell v. Hodges, legalizing same-sex marriages.
Though the conservative President Ronald Reagan nominated Kennedy to the high court, they wrote the majority opinion in one of the most liberal decisions to ever come from the Supreme Court. What some are cheering and Chris is fearing may not turn out like they think. Nominees of a conservative president do not ensure conservative opinions.
For the believer, our ultimate hope for justice is not centered in the outcomes of decisions made by any human government, because the real Supreme Court does not convene down here. “Many seek the ruler's favor, but justice for man comes from the Lord,” (Proverbs 29:26.)
(AP Photo/Frank Franklin II). New York Mets' Lucas Duda watches their three-run home run during the eighth inning of the team's baseball game against the Chicago Cubs on Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York.
(AP Photo/Frank Franklin II). Chicago Cubs' Ian Happ (8) runs the bases after hitting a home run as New York Mets starting pitcher Matt Harvey (33) walks on the mound during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York.
(AP Photo/Frank Franklin II). Chicago Cubs' Mike Montgomery winds up during the first inning of the team's baseball game against the New York Mets on Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York.
(AP Photo/Frank Franklin II). New York Mets' Curtis Granderson (3) gestures to fans during a curtain call after hitting a home run during the eighth inning of the team's baseball game against the Chicago Cubs on Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York.
(AP Photo/Frank Franklin II). New York Mets' Curtis Granderson and Chicago Cubs catcher Miguel Montero watch Granderson's 300th career home run, during the eighth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York. The Mets won 9-4.
By MIKE FITZPATRICKAP Baseball Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - Curtis Granderson opened a five-run eighth inning with their 300th homer, a tiebreaking shot that helped the New York Mets rally past the Chicago Cubs for a 9-4 victory Wednesday night.
Injury replacement Lucas Duda added a three-run homer off Hector Rondon, and T.J. Rivera capped the outburst with an RBI single for their third hit.
With sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Michael Conforto on the bench to begin the game, the resurgent Mets came back from a 4-1 deficit and took two of three from the defending World Series champions despite losing second baseman Neil Walker to a left leg injury.
Granderson received a standing ovation and came out for a curtain call after connecting in the eighth off Carl Edwards Jr. (2-1).
Jerry Blevins (4-0) struck out three of their four batters to earn the win.
Juan Lagares hit a tying triple with two outs in the sixth, the start of a meltdown by Chicago's bullpen that allowed New York to bail out starter Matt Harvey. The right-hander gave up three home runs in four innings, including Anthony Rizzo's latest leadoff shot and a mammoth drive by Kyle Schwarber.
Batting leadoff Tuesday for the first time in their career, Rizzo homered on Zack Wheeler's second pitch to spark a 14-3 rout by the Cubs. The 240-pound slugger did themselves one better this time, connecting on the first pitch from Harvey and prompting excited high-fives from giddy teammates in the dugout.
Chicago rookie Ian Happ, who hit a grand slam the previous night, followed with their seventh home run and the Cubs had a 2-0 lead after seven pitches. Schwarber's 467-foot shot over the Shea Bridge, a walkway for Citi Field fans above and beyond the bullpens in right-center, made it 4-1 in the fourth.
With the bases loaded in the bottom half and the Mets short on the bench, manager Terry Collins sent up pitcher Steven Matz to pinch hit for Harvey. Matz came through with an RBI infield single off starter Mike Montgomery, and Lagares trimmed it to 4-3 with a sacrifice fly.
Addison Reed retired Rizzo with the bases loaded for the final out.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Cubs: 2B-OF Ben Zobrist (left wrist) was out of the lineup for the second consecutive game but available to pinch hit, manager Joe Maddon said. After a day off Thursday, the team hopes Zobrist can start Friday night in Pittsburgh. If not, the disabled list could become a consideration. ... RHP Kyle Hendricks (hand tendinitis) was scheduled to have a second MRI.
Mets: Cespedes received a scheduled rest but is expected to start the next three games against division-rival Washington, Collins said. Cespedes, who recently returned from a strained hamstring, singled as a pinch hitter in the eighth and was immediately removed for a pinch runner. ... Conforto (stiff back) was held out of the starting lineup for the third consecutive night but said they felt great. "It tightened up a few days ago and I think we're pretty sensitive to those kinds of things lately," Conforto said. "We're just being really cautious." Conforto struck out as a pinch hitter in the sixth. "I think what (Collins) really wants is for me to be 100 percent for this weekend," Conforto said. ... One day after double-play partner Asdrubal Cabrera (thumb) went on the 10-day disabled list, Walker pulled up lame trying to beat out a bunt in the third inning. The team announced they have a left leg injury and will have an MRI on Thursday. Duda entered in the fourth at first base, with Rivera shifting from first to second to replace Walker. And it appears the Mets once again will hold off on calling up hot-hitting shortstop prospect Amed Rosario from Triple-A Las Vegas. Second baseman Gavin Cecchini was scratched from the 51s lineup after Walker got hurt. ... LHP Josh Smoker was placed on the 10-day DL with a strained left shoulder and RHP Rafael Montero was recalled from Las Vegas. Smoker threw 81 pitches in long relief Tuesday night - 33 more than their previous career high in the majors.
UP NEXT
Cubs: Begin a three-game series Friday night in Pittsburgh with RHP Eddie Butler (3-2, 4.03 ERA) on the mound against Pirates rookie RHP Trevor Williams (3-3, 5.13).
Mets: With the Mets using a six-man rotation during a long stretch between days off, rookie RHP Robert Gsellman (5-3, 4.95 ERA) gets another start Thursday night in the opener of a four-game series against NL East-leading Washington. Gsellman threw 6 2/3 shutout innings Saturday in Atlanta and has won a career-best three straight outings. After making two relief appearances, they are 3-0 with a 2.16 ERA in four starts since returning to the rotation. They face Nationals LHP Gio Gonzalez (5-1, 2.91), who is 9-1 with a 1.62 ERA in 14 starts at Citi Field - including a 3-1 win over Jacob deGrom on April 22 during Washington's three-game sweep.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 Dallas 51 28 19 4 60 155 137 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 48 32 12 4 68 164 128 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 Los Angeles 50 27 18 5 59 142 121 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 Calgary 49 25 16 8 58 137 135 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3, Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3, Montreal 1
Chicago 2, Nashville 1
Los Angeles 3, Dallas 0
Vegas at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. — Grant Williams and Lamonte' Turner scored 17 points each to lead five Tennessee players in double figures Saturday night as the 18th-ranked Volunteers trounced Mississippi 94-61 for their fifth straight victory.
The blowout enabled Tennessee (17-5, 7-3 SEC) to move into sole possession of second place in the Southeastern Conference. The Vols began the day in a three-way tie for second with No. 21 Kentucky and No. 23 Florida, which both lost Saturday.
Tennessee has won eight of its last nine games while Ole Miss (11-12, 4-6) has dropped five of its last six.
With eight games remaining in the regular season, Tennessee already has exceeded its 2016-17 win total. The Vols finished 16-16 last year.
Admiral Schofield had 15 points and 12 rebounds for Tennessee. Kyle Alexander scored 14 points and Jordan Bowden added 10 for the Vols.
In the second half, Tennessee scored 59 points while shooting 71.4 per cent overall (20 of 28) and from 3-point range (10 of 14). Tennessee had 17 assists and just one turnover in the second half.
Bruce Stevens scored 16 points and Terence Davis added 13 for Ole Miss.
Ole Miss shuffled its lineup for this game, with 7-footer Dominik Olejniczak making their first start since Jan. 16 and forward Justas Furmanavicius starting for the first time since Dec. 31
The changes didn't make much of a difference, as Ole Miss missed 10 of its first 11 shots and scored just three points in the first 5 1/2 minutes of the game.
After trailing 35-25 at halftime, Ole Miss cut Tennessee's lead to 35-32 by scoring the first seven points of the second half on a pair of putbacks by Stevens and Terence Davis' 3-pointer, but Tennessee answered with a 9-0 run and stayed comfortably ahead the rest of the way.
That 9-0 spurt did include one scary moment for Tennessee.
Schofield appeared to hurt their right ankle while defending a 3-point attempt by Davis. They pounded their fist on the court in frustration a few times as they lay on the floor before walking slowly into the locker room.
But they ended up missing less than a minute of action before returning to the game and helping Tennessee pull away.
BIG PICTURE
Ole Miss: The Rebels have struggled in SEC competition whenever leading scorer Deandre Burnett hasn't been on top of their game. Burnett had just seven points and shot 2 of 13 Saturday while going scoreless in the second half. Burnett has averaged 20.8 points in Ole Miss' four SEC wins. They missed one of the Rebels' six SEC losses and has averaged just 9.8 points in the others.
Tennessee: The Vols are on a roll heading into a two-game road swing Tuesday at Kentucky and Feb. 10 at Alabama. But this Tennessee team has played well away from Thompson-Boling Arena so far. The Vols are 5-2 in true road games and went 2-1 in the Battle 4 Atlantis in the Bahamas.
UP NEXT
Ole Miss hosts Missouri on Tuesday.
Tennessee is at No. 21 Kentucky on Tuesday.
——
Follow Steve Megargee at https://twitter.com/stevemegargee
——
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
Outdoor Notebook
By Roger Sabota
Special to the Star Journal
The subtitle in the December issue of Wisconsin Outdoor News says, “Buck kill up, total harvest down.” Since the close of the Wisconsin gun-deer season this writer has talked with many hunters who do not bear this out. Of the many hunters we have talked with many do not believe this statement and feel that it is misleading.
In Iron County the kill went from 188 bucks last year to 299 this year. Florence County increased from 615 to 820 and Forest County from 614 last year to 848 in 2016. Kevin Wallenfang mentioned in the Wisconsin Outdoor News that the better buck kill in the north was good to see, but it doesn't take much to hit 30 percent when working with small numbers.” The percentage figures makes the numbers look larger.
Of all the hunters and personnel in sport shops that I talked with only two hunters said that anyone in their group killed a deer. We simply do not believe the numbers that were reported by the DNR are accurate.
For many years the Wisconsin DNR has used mandatory registration at a deer registration station. This method seemed to work very efficiently providing close to 100 percent of the kill being registered. This year Wisconsin changed to a mandatory registration using either the phone or a computer. The DNR reports that this method was successful and plans to use it again for the 2017 deer season. Some question the accuracy of the new method. The old saying comes up – “If it ain't broke, don't fix it.”
This weather up to Christmas provided us with snow and some extremely cold temperatures. There was enough ice on our lakes to allow anglers to move easily but carefully on some of the lakes. Then on Christmas Sunday the nasty weather attacked the entire state. Our area was pelted with freezing rain and cold temperatures. When the weather changes so abruptly and it is not pleasant for any outdoor activities the topic at our house turns to “what happens to the wild animals in such weather conditions?”
That also may bring up the question of severe weather and how it affects the deer population. The Winter Severity Index is calculated by adding the number of days with a snow depth of at least 18 inches to the number of days when the minimum temperatures were zero degrees Fahrenheit or below. Points accumulate throughout the winter. A Winter Severity Index of 50 or less is considered mild, 50-79 is moderate, 80 – 90 is severe and over 100 is very severe. Readings are taken by Wisconsin DNR biologists and some readings are from the National Weather Service stations.
In 2015-16 the highest WSI was 25. In the past there have been winters when the Severity Index was over 100 in northern Wisconsin. Obviously, the more severe winters negatively impact the mortality of the deer herd.
In 2014 the DNR started a bobcat monitoring project. Oneida, Forest and Vilas Counties are part of the 12 counties that the research is being focused on for the 2015-16 trapping season. Trappers who incidentally capture bobcats are encouraged to contact the DNR so a radio collar can be attached before the bobcat is released. According to Scott Zimmerman, President of the Wisconsin Trappers Association, the Association supports this research project in the northern zone. It will help set the harvest goals for the 2017 season.
More information can be obtained by contacting Nathan Roberts, DNR Carnivore and Furbearer research scientist, 715-490-9345.
Our bird feeder and bird/squirrel feeders were not frequented at all until a few days before Christmas. This was of concern to us since usually once the big feeder is put in place we have squirrels within hours! We knew we had put the feeder up a little later than usual this year so we wondered if those who usually had frequented our feeder had decided to dine at one of the neighbors. All summer and fall our yard was full of birds and squirrels and then after our first major snowfall they all disappeared! Birds and squirrels. Just before Christmas one little black squirrel showed up and had the feeder to himself. By the next day there were more that were coming and going and the birds were back. Where they were prior to that we'll never know.
No ice fishing report yet. Holiday activities, ice and weather conditions have kept me off the ice. The “Osseo Jinx” is scheduled to be in Rhinelander over the New Year's holiday so I am sure there will be some ice fishing. BUT – they are the “Jinx” so be prepared!
It is time to consider New Year's Resolutions. So far I haven't put a lot of thought into the subject but I am sure that spending more time outdoors in 2017 will definitely be on my list.
Longtime Northwoods outdoor enthusiast Roger Sabota writes a bi-monthly column for the Star Journal.
Washington to Return to Kentucky for Sophomore Season
After going through draft process, Washington returns as UK's leading scorer, rebounder
LEXINGTON, Ky. – PJ Washington will be playing basketball for the Kentucky Wildcats in 2018-19.
After going through the NBA Draft process and declaring for the 2018 NBA Draft, Washington has decided to return to the UK men's basketball team for their sophomore season.
“I want to thank everyone for their support during this process and allowing me to take my time for one of the most important decisions of my life,” Washington said. “The plan all along was to get all the information that was out there to make the best decision for me and my family. I've always had a list of goals that I want to accomplish in my life, and one of the most important ones is making it to the NBA. That hasn't changed at all.
“But another one of my goals is to win a national championship in college, and that's what I want to do next season at Kentucky. I believe with who we have coming back and who we have coming in that we can do that. I learned a lot during my first-year student season and became a better player, but I think I've only scratched the surface. With everything I've learned, I want to lead this team and compete for a championship. I can't wait to get back on campus and get this thing started again.”
Washington's return bolsters what was already shaping up to be a loaded 2018-19 roster. Forward Nick Richards and guard Quade Green are expected to be back for their sophomore seasons. Jemarl Baker will be fully healthy and return to the lineup next year. Additionally, UK has another highly ranked recruiting class that includes Tyler Herro, Keldon Johsnon, EJ Montgomery, Zan Payne and Immanuel Quickley. UK can only comment on prospective student-athletes who have signed official paperwork with the university.
“This is what the NBA Draft rules are in place for,” UK head coach John Calipari said. “PJ was able to test the waters and get all the information that was available to them to make the best decision for them and their family. Whatever PJ decided we were going to support, but I'm really happy with the decision he's come to because I really want to coach PJ for another season. I know how good of a player they are and think they showed it at times last season, but I'm looking forward to seeing them grow and build on it. What I love most about this decision is why PJ is doing it. They told me they want to come back to be a leader, to grow and to drag their teammates with them as we try to do something special.”
Washington announced in April they were entering the 2018 NBA Draft, but because they didn't hire an agent, they had until May 30 (10 days after the NBA Draft Combine) to make a final decision as to whether they wished to remain in the draft or return to Kentucky. Sophomore forward Wenyen Gabriel and first-year student forward Jarred Vanderbilt have yet to announce their final intentions.
Washington will return to Kentucky as its leading scorer and rebounder after averaging 10.8 points and 5.7 rebounds during their first-year student season. They were the third-leading scorer on the 2017-18 squad and led the team in total rebounds with 211 boards. They also added 31 blocks and 57 assists, both third most on the team, respectively. Twice Washington scored 20 or more, netting 20 vs. Monmouth on Dec. 9 and 22 vs. Mississippi State on Jan. 23.
Perhaps the biggest reason for optimism surrounding Washington's return is the way they played at the end of the season. The 6-foot-7 forward scored in double figures in 11 of the final 12 games, including a double-double in UK's finale vs. Kansas State. Washington recorded 18 points and grabbed a career-high 15 rebounds vs. K-State for their team-high third double-double of the season. They pulled in at least five rebounds in all but one of those games as well.
During that 12-game stretch, Washington averaged 12.9 points and 6.8 rebounds per game while shooting 57.6 percent from the floor. UK went 9-3 during that run, including winning the Southeastern Conference Tournament championship.
Washington shot 51.9 percent from the floor, scored in double figures in 23 games, and posted 15 or more points in 10 games. They appeared in all 37 games in 2017-18 and made 30 starts.
He'll join a returning nucleus that features Green, Richards and Baker. Green averaged 9.3 points, 2.7 assists and made 41 3-point field goals, and Richards tallied 5.1 points and 4.4 rebounds to go along with 33 blocks in their first-year student campaign. Baker redshirted last season as they recovered from surgery on their knee, but he's expected to add a significant shooting presence on the perimeter after making 94 treys in their senior season at Eleanor Roosevelt High School in Menifee, California.
Regardless of what Gabriel and Vanderbilt decide, UK will welcome back 32.0 percent of its scoring and 30.5 percent of its rebounding from a season ago. That will mark Kentucky's biggest return since the 2014-15 team that went 38-1 and advanced to the Final Four.
Official release from UK sports information
Father Brown and co are back for another series of ecclesiastical crime-solving, with a new case every weekday, Monday to Friday, on BBC1 at 1:45pm.
Here's all you need to know about the detective priest, their cohorts and the stars behind the characters...
Father Brown – Mark Williams
Like many of the best TV detectives, Father Brown's unassuming manner conceals a brain like a steel trap. As a priest it's their job to understand people – and to see into their souls – which also proves to be particularly helpful in their work as an amateur sleuth.
Mark Williams has been a recognisable face on British TV screens for many years now but he's arguably best known as one of the stars of 90s comedy sketch series The Fast Show. Doctor Who fans will know them as Brian Williams, father of the Doctor's travelling companion Rory, Harry Potter fans will know them as Ron's dad Arthur Weasley, while in recent years he's had roles in Still Open All Hours, Blandings, Hustle and Being Human.
Mrs Bridgette McCarthy – Sorcha Cusack
Mrs McCarthy is the parish secretary at St Mary's church, so is at the centre of much of village business, which is good since they enjoy a bit of gossip. She's devoted to Father Brown, helping them with their cases, and making sure they eat. They don't always see eye to eye with Lady Felicia, and there are regular clashes between them.
Sorcha Cusack comes from a family of actors, their sisters Sinéad Cusack, Niamh Cusack and Catherine Cusack are all in the business and she's the sister-in-law of Sinéad's husband Jeremy Irons and aunt to their son Max Irons. Numerous film and TV roles have included as Brad Pitt's mum in Guy Ritchie film Snatch and Mrs Nicholson in Mrs Brown's Boys (although that role has since been taken over by another actor).
Lady Felicia Montague – Nancy Carroll
Socialite Lady Felicia has an uncanny knack for stumbling across dead bodies, which usually elicits the famous fits of screaming that kick off one of Father Brown's cases. She's a loyal aide to the priest, but gets on less well with their secretary Mrs McCarthy.
Nancy Carroll is best know for their prolific stage career but recent screen roles suggest a taste for crime – you may have spotted them in The Suspicions of Mr Whichcer, Silent Witness and episodes of Midsomer Murders.
Sid Carter – Alex Price
Sid Carter (centre) is a former black marketeer turned lady Felicia's chauffeur whose criminal contacts often come in useful in Father Brown's cases.
Alex Price has appeared in a number of minor TV roles, particularly in the realms of fantasy and sci-fi. You may have seen them turn up in Being Human, Merlin, Doctor Who, Penny Dreadful and Beowulf.
The Honourable Penelope "Bunty" Windermere – Emer Kenny
Lady Felicia's niece Bunty shares their eye for the gents and is now at the centre of a divorce case after their involvement with a married man.
Emer Kenny is best known for their stint on Albert Square as EastEnders's Zsa Zsa Carter and more recently has been seen in BBC3 comedies. Pramface, Badults and Siblings.
Inspector Mallory – Jack Deam
An overzealous, and often misguided, police investigator, Inspector Mallory who doesn't always appreciate "Padre" Father Brown interfering in their cases.
Best known as pyromaniac Marty Fisher in Channel 4's Shameless, Jack Deam has also appeared in Heartbeat, Jimmy McGovern's recent drama Hillsborough drama and as rapist Phil Simmonds in a 2000 Coronation Street storyline.
Sergeant Goodfellow – John Burton
Inspector Mallory's right-hand man Sergeant Goodfellow occasionally slips Father Brown nuggets of useful information about a case behind their boss's back.
John Burton is no stranger to playing officers of the law, having been seen as DC Cody in Coronation Street, PC Steve Watson in Noah's Ark, PC Joe Sambrook in The Bill and DS Andy Nicoll in Catch Me If You Can.
Viewers may also have spotted them in numerous other soap roles as well as in TV movie All in the Game, alongside Ray Winstone, and in 2006 drama Afterlife.
Monsieur Hercule Flambeau – John Light
Father Brown's arch-nemesis Hercule Flambeau is a ruthless jewel and art thief who pops up each series to cross swords with the priest.
When it comes to their screen work, John Light is another actor who's no stranger to crime, having appeared recently as Dacourt in Maigret, alongside Rowan Atkinson, and as Professor Felix Garwood in Lewis and prequel Endeavour.
Here's one less thing to worry about. A giant asteroid is hurtling toward Earth, but the folks at NASA say there is no chance it could hit us.
The space rock the size of the Rock of Gibraltar, per AFP, or six NFL football fields, per CNN, will make a harmless fly-by on Wednesday.
“Although there is no possibility for the asteroid to collide with our planet, this will be a very close approach for an asteroid this size,” NASA says in a statement.
After looping around the sun, the 2,000-foot-wide space chunk named 2014-JO25 will buzz Earth at a distance of 1.1 million miles, or a reassuring five times the distance to the moon.
It will then keep going past Jupiter. Smaller space rocks swirl around Earth all the time, but this is the closest pass of a really big one since 2004, when the 3.1-mile-wide Toutatis passed within “four lunar distances,” NASA says.
Not much is known about the latest asteroid, though reports indicate it has a reflective surface twice as bright as the moon. The close encounter means that even amateur astronomers with small telescopes or binoculars will be able to catch a peek, Space.com notes.
It will be visible for one or two nights, before slowly fading away. (You can watch it live here.) NASA telescopes in California and Puerto Rico will deliver radar images that “could reveal surface details as small as a few meters.” NASA says, calling it an “outstanding opportunity to study this asteroid.” (NASA is hunting an asteroid that may slam into Earth.)
This article originally appeared on Newser: Mega Asteroid to Buzz Earth on Wednesday
NAZAS: Ensuring Empowerment for the Less-privileged
In a life-changing experience, some beneficiaries went home with gift items and cash donations from the Nasfat Agency for Zakat and Sadaqat (NAZAS), a non-governmental organisation, during disbursement of Zakat to the needy in the society at a Ramadan lecture organised in Lagos recently. Funke Olaode writes
In order to create peaceful-co-existence between the poor and the rich and maintain balance in the society, Islam strongly advocates charity as a means of sharing wealth to cater for others, while it also emphasises the issue of feeding and empowering the poor.
Fulfilling this injunction, the NASFAT Agency for Zakat and Sadaqat, NAZAS, a non-governmental organisation saddled with the responsibility of taking care of the needy in the society recently empowered some beneficiaries with some gift items and cash donations.
This was done during an annual Ramadan lecture organised by NASFAT Surulere branch at the National Stadium Mosque in Lagos under the watchful eyes of some dignitaries and Alhaji Shamusudeen Oladele Afunku who represented NAZAS chairperson, Mr. Niyi Yusuf.
The Beginning
Though incorporated on January 31, 2014, NAZAS commenced operations in May 2014 with the recruitment of the pioneer general and operations manager, and eight-man board of directors who are specialist in their fields. The agency was formally launched on June 21 the same year, which coincided with the first day of Ramadan.
Committed to touching lives, the agency swung into action immediately through empowerment and scholarship programmes, which cut across primary, secondary, tertiary schools, visually impaired, law school and prison inmates.
The agency's benevolent act is not limited to individuals alone as it had reached out to the vulnerable within the society through donations of relief materials to the Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs). Also, through its public health initiative, the agency has been collaborating with the Islamic Medical Association of Nigeria (IMAN) to provide free medical services to the downtrodden in underserved locations.
Headed by its chairperson Mr. Niyi Yusuf, the agency was able to achieve all of this with the support and commitments of donors and kind-hearted Nigerians who have volunteered some of their yearly earnings in form of Zakat. So far, the agency has spent over N70 million in providing succour to the less privileged in the society.
Joyful Beneficiaries
In an interview with THISDAY, some of the beneficiaries couldn't hide their joy as they received cash donations ranging from N200,000 to N250,000 and gift items such as deep freezers, coolers, photocopy machines and so on.
For a physically-challenged young man, Lukman Oluwo from Shomolu area, it was a moment of shock, excitement and emotion for them having received N200,000 to start their water and soft drink business. Oluwo's story was pathetic having been short-changed by a relation they once lived.
“I was assisting my mother in their petty trading when I was empowered by NAZAS through NASFAT Ikeja branch. I bought deep freezer and my business was going on fine. Unfortunately I was short-changed by a relation who took advantage of my predicament. They seized all these things, pushed me to the street and ran away. With this N200,000 from NAZAS, I will build a container and start up my business and by the grace of God I will rise again. I am grateful to NAZAS.”
A trader from Mushin area, Hazizat Adelagun Arike, who received a cash donation of N200,000, had a pathetic story to tell. They explained, “I currently sleep in the mosque but God used these kind-hearted individuals through NAZAS to put an end to my homelessness and resuscitate my business. I am a petty trader trading in pure water and soft drinks. But due to challenge I have been struggling. With this money I will get an accommodation and put my business back on track. I pray to God to continue to be with them and family.”
With a cheque of N250,000 to boost their petty trade, Shittu Sherifat enthused, “Honestly, NAZAS is God-sent. I am a trader selling lady's wears, household utensils. I hawk around moving from one complex to another. I heard about this NAZAS through member of NASFAT Ikeja. I obtained the form in 2014 and God remembered me through them. I didn't expect it. I didn't know anybody among them. I got married and moved to Ibadan. This money has put an end to my hawking as I would go and rent a shop.”
Timely Lecture
The disbursement exercise was preceded by a Ramadan lecture delivered by two guest speakers, Alhaji Daud Oniyide and Alhaji Isiak Folorunsho Faagba.
In their presentation titled ‘The Benefits of Giving in Islam', Alhaji Oniyide of Lagos State University said the lecture could not have come at a better time as it is relevant in the Holy month of Ramadan. According to him, “it becomes imperative to analyse and enumerate the importance of the lecture. Why? Because it aims at shedding more light on the concept of spending and giving; particularly in this month of blessing, forgiveness, charity and of doing good deeds.”
Speaking further, Oniyide asked rhetorically, “Have you ever noticed that life doesn't offer equal opportunities to people as it elevates some people and empower them with abundance of wealth while some are begging for their daily food and at times dying of poverty?
Oniyide explained that giving is necessary to any man that is being denied to meet the basic needs of life; like food, clothing, shelter who can feel neglected and estranged. Poverty, they stressed, leaves its victims hopeless and vulnerable.
They said it becomes imperative to come to the aid of these less privileged and relieves them of their predicament by giving them financial, moral and emotional support at all times.
“This is why Islam has organised an institution of charity such as NAZAS to eradicate poverty and cater for the have-not. And it has become a religious obligation upon whoever Almighty Allah endowed with abundance of wealth to stand and respond to the need of such people, giving them the basic needs of life. Islam preaches that everybody should have a meaningful life.
And on charity giving in Islam, Oniyide said it can be in form of money, food, sharing of experience and spending valuable time with those who need assistance, an act they noted maintains and strengthens good relationship between the giver and the recipient.
And for Zakah, Oniyide said it is important as it was mentioned in the Qur'an 30 times and combined with salat in seven times. “Zakah is the third pillar of Islam. It is a specific payment prescribed to all Muslims both male and female, matured and saint whenever their wealth reaches a specific level and is adequately distributed to a specific group of people in the community.”
Corroborating Oniyide, Alhaji Faagba also admonished the Muslim faithful to pay their Zakat as at when due because that is the only one God accepts and the one that can redeemed one's sins in the sight of God. The cleric said Zakat is not for boastful individual in terms of donation as they have to be modest while giving and even adopt the saying that “don't allow your left hand to know what the right hand is doing. Be a cheerful giver.”
Enumerating the benefits of giving they said it hastens prayers to be answered by God; ensures divine favour from the Almighty and in prosperity, and that givers will never lack.
Advising the listeners to embrace humility, Faagba said “in whatever position you find yourselves, don't be arrogant with it because God is the giver of positions, and even as Moslems be patient and persevere in the face of adversity, provocation and challenges, and above all, be like God in forgiveness, patience and mercy.”
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
We all know how impossible LeBron can be for opposing defenses to deal with, but the help they have around them may be at its all-time best.
In Game 1 against the Pacers, their 13 assists kept the defense guessing, and they picked their spots offensively, finishing 12-of-20 from the field for a game-high 32 points.
In Game 2, however, it was Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love that did the bulk of the damage to put the game out of reach. LeBron was as impactful as ever, finishing with 25 points, 10 rebounds, seven assists, four steals and four blocked shots — as good if not better than Draymond Green's near 5X5 effort in the Warriors' Game 1 win over the Blazers.
But in the decisive third quarter, it was Irving and Love who took control, while James was able to simply sit back and watch their teammates go to work. Love took advantage of a mismatch against Lance Stephenson to go on a personal 10-0 run, while Irving scored 14 of their game-high 37 points in the period to push the Cleveland lead to as many as 19 points.
It was the first time that Irving, Love and James each scored at least 25 points in a playoff game since the trio joined forces in advance of the 2015 season. It was a sign of what they're capable of, and why the defensive inconsistencies might not matter until they play one of the elite teams in the West.
Based on what we saw in the first two days of the playoffs from the rest of the teams in the East, there isn't a single one of them that has the right combination of offense and defense to even slow these Cavaliers.
BOWLING GREEN, Ohio — Justin Turner scored 20 points, Demajeo Wiggins added 13 and Bowling Green overcame a 19-point first-half deficit to beat Kent State 70-62 on Saturday to sweep the season series against the Golden Flashes.
Rodrick Caldwell scored 12 points and Antwon Lillard 11 for the Falcons (14-9, 5-5 Mid-American Conference), who trailed 31-25 at halftime after shooting 9 of 33 (27.3 per cent) from the field.
BJ Duling's basket with five minutes left in the first half gave Kent State a 29-10 lead. Bowling Green led 54-53 on Turner's jumper with 5:54 left. The lead traded hands until Wiggins's go-ahead dunk sparked an 8-1 run for a 64-57 lead. Kent State closed to 66-62 on Adonis De La Rosa's layup with 1:13 to go before Caldwell sealed it with two free throws.
De La Rosa and Jaylin Walker scored 20 points apiece and Jalen Avery added 11 for Kent State (12-11, 6-4), which saw its three-game win streak end.
Harrison County deputies arrested a man Friday on a drug charge.
Derrick Harbert, 26, of Stonewood, was arrested after deputies responded to a welfare check request on Ingram Road in Quiet Dell.
Deputies said Harbert was asleep in the driver a black Suzuki when they arrived. A woman was also asleep in the passenger seat. Deputies were able to wake Harbert after several attempts, according to a criminal complaint. Deputies asked Harbert if they were ok, and Harbert said they were just tired, deputies said.
Deputies found a syringe and a spoon with white powder substance on it in Harbert's lap. The deputies asked Harbert what was at their feet and they gave the deputies a small bag stating that it was subutex, according to a criminal complaint.
The deputies searched the vehicle. Deputies found over two small bags of methamphetamine, another spoon with white powered substance on it, 100 small bags, four syringes and a scale, according to a criminal complaint. Deputies also found notes that listed measurements, money and "drug slang."
Harbert was charged with possession with intent to deliver.
Cows invade school in Enugu again
A trending video online for the past there days has revealed another school invasion by cattle.
According to reports that we are yet to verify the school under invasion is said to be in Enugu state.
If you have more information on this pls invasion state here in the comment section.
The post Cows invade school in Enugu again appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Wisconsin Farm Service Agency is reminding producers to report prevented planting and failed acres in order to establish or retain FSA program eligibility.
Source: WisconsinAgConnection.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
People keep telling Cristiano Ronaldo's son there are better players than their dad and the four-time Ballon d'Or winner has taught them how to handle the comments.
“Sometimes maybe people are going to tell them ‘Oh, your daddy is not a good player. The other one is better than your daddy.‘' Ronaldo tells Egyptian channel ON TV. “But you know what to do. He's a smart boy like their daddy. He's going to know how to deal.”
Ronaldo says they do not condone violent means for their son to defend them but instead stresses education and good values.
It's a classic case of a parent teaching their child, “If you have nothing nice to say, don't say anything at all.”
This article originally appeared on
The Department of Defense says one of the three U.S. soldiers killed in an attack by Islamic extremists in Niger was from southwestern Ohio.
The government announced Friday that 39-year-old Staff Sgt. Jeremiah Johnson of Springboro died in the attack.
They and the two other American soldiers killed Wednesday were army special operations commandos assigned to 3rd Special Forces Group out of Fort Bragg, North Carolina.
U.S. Africa Command says the U.S. forces are in Niger to provide training and security assistance to the Nigerien Armed Forces in their efforts against violent extremists.
Four Nigerien soldiers also died in the attack.
A statement Niger's Army Chief of Staff a joint patrol fell into an ambush set by terrorists aboard a dozen vehicles and about twenty motorcycles.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The clock could be ticking on Fox's Lethal Weapon series, which stars Clayne Crawford as the Mel Gibson to Damon Wayans's Danny Glover.
The series is currently in its second season and boasting strong ratings, but that could all come to a close with news of Crawford's abusive on-set attitude.
According to Deadline, Crawford has “a history of bad behaviour on the show,” and has been “disciplined several times over complaints of emotional abuse and creating a hostile environment.”
Other actors and the crew reportedly feel “uncomfortable being on set with him.”
The show is currently facing either cancellation before filming begins on a potential third season, or the recasting of Crawford's role. According to TVLine, studio Warner Bros. could even be considering recasting with a woman.
Lethal Weapon is guaranteed a Season 3 renewal based on its high ratings, with its Season 2 finale set to air on May 18.
As of yet, neither Crawford nor Fox have commented.
Borrowing perhaps a little too many lines from Gibson's page, Crawford has often played a man with a temper, as previously seen in Sundance's Rectify. In a 2016 profile for GQ, upon being cast in Lethal Weapon, they described having “a massive breakdown” once a week under the pressure of filling Gibson's shoes.
BINGHAMTON, N.Y. (AP) - A 6-foot-long boa constrictor reported loose in Binghamton, New York, has been found - beneath the owner's kitchen sink.
A Facebook post by the Broome County Humane Society on behalf of the owner said the pet snake escaped its enclosure earlier this week and was last seen near the high school. The county office of emergency services issued a statement Tuesday saying people should "exercise caution and keep small children and small animals away" if they came across the snake.
But on Wednesday morning, the reptile's owner told local media that Bella the boa had apparently never left their apartment building and was found safe in their kitchen.
Red-tailed boa constrictors eat small mammals, killing their prey by squeezing them to death. They're typically docile as pets.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NEW YORK (AP) - New York City's deadly helicopter crash has prompted the National Transportation Safety Board to call on federal regulators to prohibit commercial flights that use passenger harness systems that do not allow for easy release.
The NTSB's recommendation on Monday comes after last week's helicopter crash in the East River. Five passengers who couldn't free themselves from their harnesses drowned. The pilot escaped.
The Federal Aviation Administration on Friday temporarily grounded open-door flights involving restraints that cannot be quickly released. It also said it was conducting a review of its rules governing such flights.
NTSB Chairman Robert Sumwalt applauds the agency's move, but says "definitive action needs to be taken."
FAA spokesperson Greg Martin says the grounding was a first step and that more formal action is expected.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Pegasus Institute issued its "Voices of the Survivors: Louisville Metro Violent Crime Impact Report" to help victims. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
Nicole Taylor survived a shooting, and shared their pain with others Monday night. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - More than 4,000 people have been shot or killed in the Louisville Metro over the last 15 years.
But what happens when the cameras turn off and crime scene tape is thrown away?
>> More Louisville Metro news on wave3.com
"As I was getting in my car, a man approached me, and hit me in the face ten times with a gun," Nicole Taylor said. "Shot me in front of my 4-year-old son."
Taylor's words were chilling as they spoke in a room of people that have felt a pain similar to hers Monday night.
"It's been very rough," they said.
Taylor is a part of a "club" no one wants to join. It's filled with survivors of homicides and shootings.
"This is not something that I would have ever dreamed of experiencing," Sherry Morris told the group.
For the first time, those experiences have been put on paper in a report conducted by the Pegasus Institute, a locally-based think tank.
After three months of interviews, the Pegasus Institute issued a report breaking down what these victims go through, touching on the mental, physical and financial hurdles.
"These are people that we need to better serve as a community," Joshua Crawford, Co-Executive Director of the Pegasus Institute, said.
The report has already been sent to state and local leaders. It's thick, and focuses on three primary recommendations they hope will be adopted at the local, state and even federal level.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Rep. 'Pope' Dan Johnson plans response to sexual assault allegations
+ American Red Cross gives toys to families who lost homes to fires
+ Oxmoor Center installs the largest solar installation in Louisville
Their first recommendation is to establish and fund a victims' services unit within the Louisville Metro Police Department.
The second is to adopt a constitutional amendment guaranteeing survivors and victims the right to prior notice of all court proceedings, and require a victim impact statement at sentencing.
Third, the institute calls for a private fund dedicated to survivors for their expenses.
"They won't stop homicides," Crawford said. "They won't stop shootings. It is my hope and it is my belief that they will help improve the circumstances survivors have to live."
To view the full report, Voices of the Survivors: Louisville Metro Violent Crime Impact Report, click or tap here.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
***Sunday's hard-fought Six Hours of Silverstone saw Toyota Gazoo Racing eek out victory over Porsche, in a much closer race that many had expected, including winner Sebastien Buemi. “In a way it scares us a little because we were expecting to be quite a bit quicker than them. It would have been a shame to lose it,” Buemi said post-race.
***The win, Toyota's 11th in the FIA World Endurance Championship, came despite the TS050 Hybrids sometimes being 3-4 seconds slower in the pits to Porsche, which played the strategy game to get a leg up through portions of the mixed-condition season-opener.
***Timo Bernhard felt the call to put both Porsche 919 Hybrids on Michelin intermediate tires in the third hour was the right decision at the time. “In these races, you have to survive in a way, even though we kept inters on for ten laps, I think it was the right choice,” Bernhard said.
***Toyota's Anthony Davidson, who claimed their second Tourist Trophy win, admitted conditions were extremely treacherous at that point. “Being from around these parts, I wasn't quite prepared for the weather,” they said. “Driving on slicks in those conditions was pretty tough; probably some of the toughest driving I've ever had to do.”
***It was a strong race for two Asian teams, with Jackie Chan DC Racing becoming the first mainland China-backed organization to claim class victory in the WEC, while a last-gasp effort from Matt Griffin, who entered the final lap third in GTE-Am and emerged as the winner, saw the Malaysian-based Clearwater Racing squad pick up top honors in its series debut.
***A persistent issue with the right-side door latch on the No. 67 Ford GT nearly denied Harry Tincknell GTE-Pro class victory, as the lanky Englishman was forced to reach out and slam the door shut in the closing minutes, after it came loose again. “We were managing the door issue and had some vibrations coming from the front of the car. I can't believe it,” Tincknell said.
***The door issue resulted in an unscheduled early stop for the pole-sitting Ford, then in the hands of Andy Priaulx, who credited the safety car period in the fourth hour, for track cleanup from Jose Maria Lopez's accident, on putting them back in contention for the win.
***Pipo Derani, who shared driving duties with Tincknell and Priaulx, scored victory in their team debut, the same feat the rapid Brazilian achieved with Tequila Patron ESM in last year's Rolex 24 at Daytona.
***Lopez's accident triggered the medical light onboard their Toyota TS050 Hybrid, which is understood to have prompted the Argentinean to make a trip to the hospital for further evaluation, before being released. The new-for-2017 device, installed in the cockpit and visible through the windshield, is mandatory on every car.
***It was a race to forget for the No. 13 Vaillante Rebellion Oreca 07 Gibson, which had no fewer than three spins or collisions, a 15-second time penalty for avoidable contact, and a trip to the garage for repairs. However, it was the only of the new-look LMP2 cars to hit trouble, and not of the mechanical kind, which many had predicted to be a concern pre-race.
***There were only two retirements, with the No. 92 Porsche 911 RSR of Kevin Estre stopping on-track in the third hour with an engine fire and a bizarre pit-in collision with the No. 97 Aston Martin Vantage V8 ending the No. 4 ByKolles Racing ENSO CLM P1/01 NISMO's day. The LMP1 Privateer entry completed 155 laps in a respectable run after virtually no running with its new engine package prior to the start of the weekend.
***The FIA and ACO's contract renewal for the WEC, which extends the agreement through the end of 2020, is possible even with only Porsche and Toyota committed in LMP1, according to series boss Gerard Neveu, who said the requirement for a World Championship “has always” been a minimum of two manufacturers. “Remember how we started?” Neveu said, in reference to the championship's launch in 2012 with only Audi and Toyota following Peugeot's last-minute withdrawal.
***FIA President Jean Todt, who addressed the media Sunday morning prior to the race, said he's confident of a rebound in the top prototype class. “You have people coming, staying and living. It can happen in any category of motorsport. It's up to us, as the governing body, together with our promoter, the ACO, to make sure we will make a show which will encourage manufacturers and privateers to stay and hopefully some more to come.”
***Further safety improvements will be made at Circuit de la Sarthe ahead of the 24 Hours of Le Mans, with ACO President Pierre Fillon confirming an extended runoff and wall at Karting Corner, adjusted wall at Marshal Post 29 and new pavement laid down from the Ford Chicane.
***FIA Endurance Committee President Sir Lindsay Owen-Jones said they will have to keep a “rigid eye” on LMP2 costs. “The price of the car itself, and the engine and the leasing agreements are absolutely as promised, and consistent with the old LMP2. But perhaps the teams are spending more in other areas, to be competitive. We'll regulate if we feel we have to,” they said.
***The reported weekend attendance was 50,200 spectators, slightly down from last year's reported 52,000.
Jake Kilshaw contributed to this report
LEXINGTON, Ky. – Pack your bags, Big Blue Nation, because the Kentucky men's basketball team is headed back to a memorable destination for a foreign basketball tour this August: the Bahamas.
The Wildcats will return to the Atlantis on Paradise Island in the Bahamas for a four-game, eight-day trip from Aug. 6-13. UK will train on the island and play four professional teams during its stay as it prepares for the 2018-19 season.
Kentucky will play the Bahamas national team on Aug. 8, San Lorenzo de Almagra on Aug. 9, Mega Bemax on Aug. 11 and Team Toronto on Aug. 12. The Wildcats will arrive in Aug. 6, practice on Aug. 7 and enjoy an off day Aug. 10. Fans won't have to leave to resort as all games will be played at the Atlantis Imperial Arena, where Kentucky played Arizona State during the 2016-17 season. A full schedule is below.
NCAA rules allow for a foreign tour by an intercollegiate team once every four academic years. Kentucky's Big Blue Bahamas tour is a joint venture between Complete Sports Management and the Bahamas Basketball Federation.
“If you know me, you know I've talked a lot about college basketball taking over the month of August,” UK head coach John Calipari said. “It's a perfect time – when we have nothing else going on – to get with our kids, practice and give our fans a chance to see our team before school starts. The current rules only allow us to do it every four years and this one comes at a great time. We're going to have another young team and will have a tough schedule early. Getting these games in against professional competition and allowing us to practice will give our guys an early idea of how hard this is going to be.”
UK is coming off a 26-11 season that resulted in another Sweet 16 berth – UK's seventh in nine seasons under Calipari – and the Wildcats' fourth straight Southeastern Conference Tournament title. But now the Wildcats must find a way to retool after losing three of its top four scorers in Kevin Knox, Shai Gilgeous-Alexander and Hamidou Diallo, who announced recently they are entering their names in the 2018 NBA Draft and signing with agents, ending their collegiate eligibility.
Kentucky will welcome another star-studded recruiting class that is expected to be in competition for the top overall ranking yet again for Calipari and Co. UK has already announced three highly touted signees in Tyler Herro, Keldon Johnson and Immanuel Quickley but expects to add more before the signing period is complete. Kentucky can only comment on prospective student-athletes who have signed paperwork with the university.
Whatever UK's final roster is for the 2018-19 season, the tour should prove to be instrumental in the early development of yet another young team that already has the likes of Duke, North Carolina, Louisville and SEC/Big 12 Challenge on its nonconference schedule.
Fans will remember the Bahamas served a similar purpose for UK's memorable 2014-15 season. The Wildcats tipped off their 38-1 season with a 5-1 mark vs. the Dominican Republic national team, the Puerto Rico national team reserves and French first-division club team Champagne Chalons-Reims Basket in the Bahamas. It was the start of magical season that ended with an undefeated regular season, SEC regular-season and tournament titles, and a trip to the Final Four.
Of course, fans are encouraged to join the Wildcats on Paradise Island. Travel packages, which vary from as little as $173 a night to $479 for a stay at the Cove at the Atlantis, are available and include a variety of options.
Rates start at:
· Beach at Atlantis: $173
· Coral at Atlantis: $229
· Royal at Atlantis “Official UK Team Tower”: $269
· Reef at Atlantis: $349
· The Cove at Atlantis: $479
Rooms at the Atlantis can be booked online at AtlantisBahamas.com/UK or by calling 1.800.285.2684. Fans must stay at the Atlantis resort for entry into games. Tickets can only be purchased if you have a room reservation at the Atlantis. You may purchase tickets online through the UK Ticket Office via the exclusive link at AtlantisBahamas.com/UK once you have booked your room reservation in the Kentucky block.
Tickets are not included with hotel packages and must be purchased separately. Ticket books are priced at $400 each and will include entry into all four games. Children under the age of 2 will not require a ticket for admission. Tickets will be mailed in late June. All seating is general admission, except those held for team guests. K Fund members interested in the exclusive travel package, including charter flight from Lexington, may call (859) 257-6300 for more information.
“I still have some of our fans come up to me and tell me about how much fun they had in 2014 when we went to the Bahamas,” Calipari said. “This is a chance to see our team in an unbelievable setting, get up close with our kids and stay at the best vacation resort I've ever been to. The great thing about this time around is the games will be on site, making this even easier than the last trip. I can't wait to get down there.”
Fans must stay at the Atlantis to attend games. Four-night minimum accommodations at the Atlantis are available. Nights may be added to the stay before Aug. 6 or after Aug. 13. All taxes and fees are included when booking rooms.
Official group transportation through Majestic Tours will be available for a special rate.
“The Bahamas is thrilled to have Kentucky returning for their foreign tour,” said Lea Miller, the founder and CEO of Complete Sports Management, an all-encompassing sports marking agency. “UK is a perennial powerhouse and the standard of college basketball. International travel is an educational experience that is priceless and we are excited to expose the Bahamian culture and beauty of the islands to their staff, players and fans.”
Kentucky's competition will include:
· Bahamas National Team – Made up of several Bahamian players competing for the World Cup Qualifying Team
· San Lorenzo de Almagra – FIBA Liga de las Americas champions based out of Buenos Aires, Argentina
· Mega Bemax – Serbian team coined the “European Kentucky” for its ability to put players in the NBA
· Team Toronto – Group of top select Canadian players put together by head coach Roy Rana, who led the 2019 U19 Canadian team to the gold medal at the FIBA World Championships
Coinciding with the UK men's basketball trip will be the seventh annual John Calipari Basketball Fantasy Experience. For the first time in the event's history, the fantasy experience will be held outside of Lexington.
More information on the John Calipari Basketball Fantasy Experience and details on how to register are available atjohncaliparibasketballexperience.com.
For the latest on the Kentucky men's basketball team, follow @KentuckyMBB on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and on the web at UKathletics.com.
Bahamas Game Schedule
Aug. 8 – vs. Bahamas national team
Aug. 9 – vs. San Lorenzo de Almagra
Aug. 11 – vs. Mega Bemax
Aug. 12 – vs. Team Toronto
Oregon State University has over 30,000 students and is well known for its distance education program, with more than 47% of students out of state or international. The OSU College of Engineering needed to provide an on-campus, lab-like experience anytime on any device. With virtualization from Citrix XenApp and XenDesktop and virtual graphics acceleration from NVIDIA GRID, the IT team is able to deliver heavy graphics and compute applications like AutoCAD, MatLab, and Cadence for students around the world.
This video is from the fine folks at Citrix
Gov. Okorocha Congratulates BBNaija Winner Miracle
Gov. Rochas Okorocha of Imo has described Miracle Igbokwe, winner of Big Brother Naija Double Wahala edition, as a good ambassador of the state.
Miracle was on Sunday announced winner of Nigeria's biggest reality TV show.
They emerged the overall best with over 38 per cent of the 30 million votes cast in the grande finale.
Okorocha said that state would celebrate them for representing it well.
They also commended the organisers of the programme for initiating a good a youth-oriented programme.
Miracle's total prize included N25 million cash, a Sub-Urban Vehicle (SUV) worth N12 million and a trip for two valued N4.7 million, Television and other electronic items worth N3.3 million.
BBNaija, which is hosted in South Africa, started on Jan. 28, with 20 housemates who were gradually evicted with only five housemates going into the final.
Miracle beat Cee-c, Tobi, Alex and Nina to clinch the prize.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Johnson & Johnson on Tuesday reported first-quarter profit of $4.42 billion.
Continue Reading Below
On a per-share basis, the New Brunswick, New Jersey-based company said it had profit of $1.61. Earnings, adjusted for costs related to mergers and acquisitions and amortization costs, came to $1.83 per share.
The results beat Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 11 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of $1.77 per share.
The world's biggest maker of health care products posted revenue of $17.77 billion in the period, which did not meet Street forecasts. Six analysts surveyed by Zacks expected $18.01 billion.
Johnson & Johnson expects full-year earnings in the range of $7 to $7.15 per share, with revenue in the range of $75.4 billion to $76.1 billion.
Johnson & Johnson shares have risen 9 percent since the beginning of the year, while the Standard & Poor's 500 index has climbed almost 5 percent. The stock has climbed 14 percent in the last 12 months.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on JNJ at https://www.zacks.com/ap/JNJ
_____
Keywords: Johnson & Johnson, Earnings Report, Priority Earnings
CLEVELAND (AP) Pacers guard Glenn Robinson III could play Monday night as Indiana tries to even its playoff series with the Cavaliers.
Robinson, who has missed the past 12 games with a sprained left calf, took part in the team's shootaround ahead of Game 2. Robinson didn't dress for Saturday's series opener, which the Pacers lost 109-108 to the defending NBA champions.
Robinson hasn't played since March 22 after injuring themselves during a practice scrimmage.
Coach Nate McMillan isn't sure how much they can use the league's slam dunk champion, who returned to practice on Sunday.
Robinson gives McMillan depth and another perimeter weapon to throw at the Cavaliers, whose defense has been suspect all season.
The 23-year-old Robinson averaged 6.1 points and 3.6 rebounds in 69 games.
—
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
A traffic stop over tinted windows netted "400,000 doses of death," according to a report by philly.com.
A police K9 was brought to the stop on Sept. 29 near Interstate 95 in Bucks County, and the dog sniffed out six kilos, or 13 pounds, of heroin that was hidden under a seat, the news website reported.
Bucks County District Attorney Matthew Weintraub called the $4 million worth of heroin bricks "400,000 doses of death."
MORE: Fentanyl seized by cops enough to kill half a county, DA says
Three people were arrested and face drug charges: Edward Torres, 30; Sergio Arturo Maciel Landeros, 27, and Alejantro Levya Granados, 41.
The three were each being held on $1 million bail in Bucks County Prison.
Sarah Cassi may be reached at scassi@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow them on Twitter @SarahCassi. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
Militants to Okowa: Account for your 2yrs 13% derivation
By Emma Amaize, Festus Ahon , Egufe Yafugborhi & Perez Brisibe
WARRI—NEW Delta Avenger, NDA, a new coalition of ex-militants from the oil producing areas of Delta State, yesterday, called on Governor Ifeanyi Okowa to give account of the 13 per cent derivation they received from the Federation Account in the last two years and what went to the oil producing communicates, especially the Delta State Oil Producing Areas Development Commission, DESOPADEC.
The group, which threatened, last week, to resume fresh hostilities in the state from June 30, had accused Governor Okowa of allegedly marginalizing the oil producing areas of the state.
Spokesperson of the militant group, self-styled Cpl Olleum Bellum, in a statement, said: “If you see the allocations for states that were released by Ministry of Finance today (yesterday), you will see that Delta State and Okowa were paid N4, 747,930,884.16 billion for February and DESOPADEC is supposed to get half of that money, but we know that nothing was paid to DESOPADEC.
“We also call on President Muhammadu Buhari and Vice President, Prof Yemi Osibanjo to pay 13 per cent money direct to oil communities. We want to control our resources in Delta because government has failed us.”
This may become another frontier in the war against operation in the Niger Delta,” the group said.
The militant group demanded the names and physical locations of the projects the state government claimed to have spread in oil communities in Ija, Isoko, Ijaw, Isoko, Ndokwa and Urhobo communities.
It said, “But we have to inform you today that the hour is near. We said before that we will commence our operation on the end of month, that we can move the date forward. New Delta Avenger command is now ready. We have sent all our boys and materials to the location we are target (sic) and we have also put the government on notice about our action. We are not cowards, we do not hide under the shadow to operate.”
“Let the governor wake up from their slumber and come to term with their vicious acts towards our communities. They cannot wash away the truth. They have not done anything to benefit the oil communities from Ndokwa to Koko to Forcados.
“We said they are robbing Peter to pay Paul and we stand by this. Let them release the fact on the fund that they had given to DESOPADEC. Why are they not publishing accounts of the state allocation, internally generated revenue, IGR and other revenues and what they have done with them like their colleagues in other states are doing.
“Even projects that were begun before the Okowa government by DESOPADEC have all halted because the money is being siphoned,” NDA said.
The post Militants to Okowa: Account for your 2yrs 13% derivation appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
It's absolutely overwhelming design-wise, so it's good to break it down in what we're actually dealing with.
The L16 has 5 x 28mm ƒ/2.0 lenses, 5 x 70mm ƒ/2.0 lenses, and 6 x 150mm ƒ/2.4 lenses. Focal lengths are all full frame equivalent, and there are sixteen 13MP sensors behind all that glass. This sort of stuff is going to leave your average Canon or Nikon shooter scratching their heads.
On top of all that there's 5X 'optical' zoom. If lenses are candy, then the makers of Light L16 are children dosed up on blue food colouring and they've been let loose in M&M's World.
Actually using the camera itself is very simple. In fact, it's best not to think about the lens frenzy, and instead focus on composition. There's the option to shoot in manual allowing you to alter aperture, shutter speed and ISO, but it feels more as if it's designed to be left on auto so the algorithms do all the brainy stuff.
The touchscreen is incredibly easy to use, and can be treated in exactly the same way you'd approach the screen on your phone: pinch and expand to zoom in and out, then tap to focus. There's also the option to track your subject, which I can see being handy when video becomes available on later models, which Light have said is in the pipeline.
The amount of image data is far greater than what you phone would be capable of, but unlike your trusty phone, the L16 only shoots in RAW. To generate a jpeg, you've got to use Lumen, Light's dedicated bit of image processing software.
By only shooting in raw, the Lumen software which comes as standard with camera allows you greater control when editing photos. You even have the ability to alter the focal point on an image in post, which was genuinely quite impressive when we saw it in action.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When you think of Croydon, beautiful architecture is probably not the first thing that springs to mind.
Many homes in the borough were built in the 1930s, with a series of high-rise office blocks and towers full of flats then being constructed in the 1960s and 1970s.
But the borough is also home to some picturesque old buildings, as well as some more modern structures which stand out as icons on the ever-changing skyline.
As more and more planning applications are submitted for huge new developments in the town centre, we take a look at some of the most beautiful architectural marvels that need to be preserved.
Park Hill Water Tower
(Image: Paul Martyniuk)
Looking out over Park Hill Park, most of us will have mistaken this quaint building for a real castle when we were children.
The Victorian tower was built in the 1860s and opened in 1867 by the Local Board of Health in a bid to improve the quality of water in the area.
It is 100 feet tall and, while it was in use, it could hold up to 94,000 gallons of water.
The structure is now Grade II listed by Historic England.
Surrey Street Pumping Station
(Image: @CroydonPhotos Twitter account)
A local landmark, the Grade II listed water tower and its attached pumping station were built in four phases from 1851 to 1856.
Located within the Old Town Masterplan area opposite Matthew's Yard, the vacant building's future use has been identified as key to the regeneration of Croydon's Old Town by Croydon Council.
While the structure is visually striking in itself, it is made even more eye-catching by a mural showing Princess Diana, which was painted by artist Rich Simmons last year.
Shirley Windmill
(Image: Flickr/Diamond Geezer)
In a quiet residential area off Postmill Close in Shirley, this landmark, which is about 174 years old now, is one of only four windmills open to the public in Greater London.
Although it hasn't worked since about 1890, most of the original machinery, including its two pairs of millstones, is still in place and has been restored.
Guides can tell you the story of milling flour in Victorian times.
Church of St Mark, South Norwood
(Image: Historic England)
This quirky little church, on Albert Road, is eye-catching due to its light bricks, interconnected buildings and shape.
Designed by GH Lewis of Linden and Lewis, the nave was built in 1852 and the rest completed by 1890.
Sadly, this Grade II listed church is deemed "at risk" by Historic England, which states it is in "poor" condition and suffering from "slow decay".
Croydon Minster
(Image: @CroydonPhotos Twitter)
For many people, the most enjoyable part of driving over the Croydon Flyover will be catching a glimpse of the minster on the skyline.
Six Archbishops of Canterbury are buried in Croydon Minster, in Church Street, including the Whitgift School's namesake John Whitgift.
There has been a church on the site since medieval times and while the current structure was finished in 1870, it still contains monuments saved from the original building.
The Whitgift Almshouses
(Image: @CroydonPhotos Twitter)
No shopping trip to Croydon with a friend from out of town would be complete without pointing out the Almshouses on North End.
Commissioned by John Whitgift and completed in 1599, the 400-year-old complex contains 15 flats which are used by elderly residents.
It was originally called The Hospital of the Holy Trinity, which specialised in caring for the poor.
Nowadays, you can only look inside the almshouses on certain days and times.
No.1 Croydon
(Image: Dave Cook)
This iconic tower is known by many names, including the NLA Tower, the Wedding Cake, the Threepenny Bit and the 50 Pence Building.
The 24-storey block, opposite East Croydon Station, was designed by Richard Seifert & Partners in the 1960s and completed in 1970.
In the 1980s, it featured in the opening credits of popular sitcom Terry and June, and continues to be a symbol of Croydon today.
Saffron Square
(Image: David Cook)
Croydon's tallest building is a bit of a Marmite feature but you cannot deny that it's striking.
The quirky purple block was completed in 2016 and has 43 storeys.
It was rated as one of the ugliest buildings in the UK in September 2016 by website Building Design, which called it a "multicoloured monster".
But there can be no doubting that some Croydon residents think it is a beautiful structure which adds a splash of colour to Wellesley Road.
2 Woodside Greens, South Norwood
(Image: Historic England)
This 18th-century timber-framed house sadly sustained extensive fire damage after a blaze broke out in 1991.
It became a Grade II listed structure in 2015, when planning permission was granted for it to be used once more as a home, but has remained vacant.
Historic England said it is now in "very poor condition internally and externally following neglect" but said it is discussing ways to preserve the building with Croydon Council.
Crystal Palace Subway
(Image: James Balston)
Tucked away under Crystal Palace Parade, the stunning subway is a hidden gem with a vaulted walkway entrance and pillars created from orange and white bricks.
It was first opened in 1865 as part of the new railway station, which had been put in place to help tourists access the glass palace before it was destroyed by fire in 1936.
The station building was demolished in 1961 but the subway remains.
It is currently closed to the public while Southwark Council carries out maintenance works.
Are there any Croydon buildings you think should have made the list? Let us know or share your best photos of them by emailing newsdesk@croydonadvertiser.co.uk
ROCKWALL, Texas — A Texas couple has been arrested for allegedly selling a 14-year-old girl to an Illinois family.
Steve Marks has been charged with purchasing or selling a child for sex. He's being held at Rockwall County Jail with bail set at $1 million.
Police affidavits allege Marks knowingly sold the child for sex to a family in Elgin, Illinois. The affidavits say Marks and their wife, Lila Miller, attempted to resell the girl to a different family in Florida after the Illinois family only paid half of the agreed amount.
Miller is facing the same charges as their husband.
Marks denied the accusation to WFAA-TV, saying that anyone who would sell a child for sex “needs to be put away for the rest of their life.”
The Texas Department of Family and Protective Services reported the teen missing in September.
Before the Games, a Competition to Chase North Koreans Image Choe Un-song, a North Korean short-track speedskater, was injured during a training session on Friday ahead of the Winter Olympics in South Korea, which begin next Friday. Their spill caused more commotion among the South Korean journalists scrambling to cover them and the other North Korean athletes. Credit Felipe Dana/Associated Press
GANGNEUNG, South Korea — A couple dozen South Korean reporters bumped and jostled one another while trying to keep up with Ryom Tae-ok and Kim Ju-sik, the Olympic figure skating pair from North Korea, as they racewalked toward the exits after a practice at the Gangneung Ice Arena on Saturday afternoon.
Questions were shouted by the scrum.
“How was the practice?”
“How are you feeling?”
There were no answers.
“Do you want to stop and talk?” James Cowley, an Olympics official wrangling the news media at the arena, asked Kim in English. It was unclear whether Kim heard or understood the question, but they kept walking, a big smile on theirs face.
For the past three days, after the North Korean athletes arrived with the heavy expectations that their participation here in these Winter Games would tone down tension on the Korean Peninsula, this cat-and-mouse game has played out. South Korean journalists have trailed them everywhere.
It has injected a dose of commotion to a normally quiet period before the start of competition.
South Korean journalists have trained high-powered lenses on the North Korean delegation. Local reporters have shuttled from one training session to another, clamoring for sound bites that never materialize. And the mixed zone — the area inside competition venues where journalists can interview athletes — has become a theater of the absurd, one that reporters, competitors and organizers are still trying to figure out.
Early on Saturday, the North Koreans' silence in the mixed zone was broken, finally, when Kim Hyon-son, the skaters' coach, called out, “I'm happy we have been welcomed this way!”
And then they and their skaters were gone. The entire interaction lasted less than a minute. The reporters dispersed, shaking their heads.
Over 40 members of the news media — as well as a couple dozen local volunteers — had shown up to watch Kim and Ryom practice on Saturday morning, and a similar number showed up for the pair's second practice six hours later.
Things could change over the coming days as athletes and journalists from other countries arrive, but for now the North Koreans have dominated the early Olympic news cycle.
Some in South Korea have been less than pleased. Last month, Hong Joon-pyo, the leader of the conservative opposition Liberty Korea Party, warned that the Pyeongchang Olympics were becoming the Pyongyang Olympics, a cheeky play on the similar sounding name of the North Korean capital, which has already caused confusion.
North Korea canceled a cultural event it had planned in South Korea a few days before the opening ceremony on Friday, blaming what it called “insulting” news media coverage in South Korea.
But the fascination has hardly ebbed.
The joint Korean women's hockey team, which features 12 North Korean women joining the South Korean team, has become a compelling story line of the Games. There are also three cross-country skiers, three Alpine skiers and two short-track speedskaters from North Korea set to compete.
The appearance of North Korean flags at the athletes' village on Thursday and Friday — a rare sight in South Korea, where such displays would normally be illegal — created a couple of days of news. And then there were the reports on Saturday that more than 150,000 people had entered a lottery for tickets to a pair of performances next week by a 140-member North Korean art troupe.
The zeal with which the local press has pursued the North Korean visitors could be seen late Friday at the skating rink, where the short-track speedskaters Choe Un-song and Jong Kwang-bom were working out alongside skaters from France, Italy and Latvia.
When the North Korean skaters and their coach huddled along the railing to talk, a dozen reporters crept as close as possible to observe the interactions and snap pictures. Minutes later, when the North Koreans regrouped farther down the rink, the pack sidled that way, too. On they went this way, like moths to a flame.
Things became hectic midway through the session after Choe lost their footing around a turn and crashed into the perimeter padding with a thud.
As soon as it became clear that Choe was not getting up, the journalists swarmed to get as close to them as possible and jostled for position. Choe was carried away on a stretcher, and the reporters dashed to the mixed zone.
As one could have expected, though, Jong and Yun Chol, the pair's coach, walked through without saying a word or acknowledging the horde of reporters skipping along beside them.
Afterward, an Olympic staff member could be overheard explaining to their colleagues that they had needed to cajole the North Koreans to walk through the mixed zone, which all athletes are required to do at the Olympics. They said they had reminded them that they did not need to say anything, tracing their thumb and index fingers along their lips, pretending to zip them up.
On Saturday night, another chaotic, moving mass formed after Ryom and Kim, the figure skaters, finished their evening workout. More benign questions, more awkward silences. Kim marched through, sweat glistening on their face, and did not utter a word.
But the reporters kept at it, and their persistence was rewarded, albeit in a small way, when Ryom responded to a question about how they felt. “Good,” they said, without breaking their stride before disappearing once again through the exit doors.
That was it, and again, the South Korean reporters turned and slunk away, mostly empty-handed.
Inyoung Kang contributed reporting from New York. Order Reprints | Today's Paper | Subscribe A version of this article appears in print on , on Page SP 8 of the New York edition with the headline: Before the Games Open, a Media Feeding Frenzy Descends on North Korean Athletes
Marc Stein's Newsletter Marc Stein has covered Jordan. He's covered Kobe. And LeBron vs. the Warriors. Go behind the N.B.A.'s curtain with the league's foremost expert. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. * Required field You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times products and services. * Required field Thank you for subscribing. View all New York Times newsletters. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters. Sign Up
MILWAUKEE -- For the first time in almost a year, Bucks forward Jabari Parker was back playing in an NBA game and enjoying all the love showered upon them after they dealt with the second serious knee injury of their career.
Parker, who tore their left ACL for the second time on Feb. 8, 2017, scored 12 points in 15 minutes as Milwaukee squeaked out a 92-90 win over the New York Knicks on Friday night. After it was over, the soft-spoken 22-year-old took their latest return in stride.
"It felt great," Parker said. "But honestly, training myself to think about it as just getting better. It's not going to take just one game, a few games, just the whole process. That game didn't really stick out as much as people perceive it to be."
It did to the teammates, coaches and fans who watched Parker go through a grueling rehab process to get back on the floor. When Parker checked into the game for Giannis Antetokounmpo?with 5:25 left in the first quarter, the crowd at the BMO Harris Bradley Center gave the Chicago native a standing ovation.
"I'm proud of him," Bucks teammate Kris Middleton said. "It's tough to go through what they went through twice, then come back and play like nothing's ever happened. It's great. I know there was a lot going through their mind, but they did a great job of just going out there and playing basketball."
The Bucks are optimistic that Parker can pair up with Antetokounmpo down the stretch of the season and provide the consistent offensive option the team has been searching for all season.
"It was a great feeling," Antetokounmpo said of seeing Parker on the floor. "Everybody was really excited about JP coming back tonight. Most importantly, they were just playing, having fun. It's just great to see them out there competing with us again."
As usual, it was Antetokounmpo who led the way for the Bucks, scoring 29 points including the game winner in the lane with 1.9 seconds left, but it was Parker who had the spotlight on this night.
"It's good to see one of your brothers go through what they went through and then get the standing ovation that they got," Middleton said. "He loves this city, so it's only right that this city loves them back."
Bucks interim coach Joe Prunty did not reveal when Parker's restriction of around 15 minutes per game would be extended, but they noted there is a plan for progression in place.
"I thought they had a very good debut," Prunty said. "I thought there were a lot of positive things that they did out on the floor. One of the things we talked about a lot, there are certain things they do naturally. They can score the ball, they can make plays for themselves and other people. But I thought defensively they were solid, was in the right spots. Again, there's a rhythm and timing to the game every time you step out there, and it's difficult when you've been off for a while, and I thought they did a really nice job of fitting in and helping the team win the game."
Parker's next test comes Sunday afternoon in a matinee against the Brooklyn Nets.
"[The] only way to go here is going up," Parker said. "You can't beat the low of any point that I've been at any stage of these few months. Anything that I do from this point on is just to go up, and that's a blessing."
Highlights from the news file for Friday, Oct. 6
——
BOMBARDIER HIT WITH HEFTY ANTI-DUMPING DUTIES: Bombardier has been slapped with more American duties on exports of its CSeries commercial jet. The American Commerce Department added nearly 80 per cent in preliminary anti-dumping duties. The Montreal-based aircraft manufacturer faces a total tariff of almost 300 per cent when combined with last week's almost 220 per cent countervailing duties. The duties involve an ongoing dispute with Boeing, which has accused Bombardier of getting unfair subsidies.
——
COURT GREEN LIGHTS DESTRUCTION OF RESIDENTIAL SCHOOL RECORDS: The Supreme Court of Canada has ruled that records detailing the abuse of former residential school students can eventually be destroyed. It upholds a lower court ruling that said the sensitive material collected for the independent assessments should be destroyed after 15 years. Students provided accounts of physical, sexual and emotional abuse as part of an independent assessment process to provide compensation.
——
FEDS ANNOUNCE SCOOP COMPENSATION: An Ontario First Nations leader expressed hope Friday that a compensation package for '60s Scoop survivors will put a stop to Indigenous children being stolen from their culture and identity. Beaverhouse chief Marcia Brown Martel made the comments as the federal government announced $750 million in compensation. Starting in the 1960s, Indigenous children were taken from their homes and placed with non-Indigenous families because officials thought they would get better care.
——
ECONOMY CONTINUES TO CREATE JOBS: Canada's jobless rate remained at a nine year low of 6.2 per cent last month after Canada say a net increase of 10,000 new jobs. The rise in full-time work more than offset a drop of part-time jobs, but last month's net job gain was driven by growth in public-sector employment. CIBC chief economist Avery Shenfeld called the numbers “ho-hum” last month and in line with other signals of a moderation in economic growth.
——
HOLOCAUST PLAQUE TO BE REDONE: The federal government is redoing a dedication plaque at the National Holocaust Monument in Ottawa after criticism that it fails to mention Jewish victims of the Nazis. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau dedicated the monument last week but the wording was noticed immediately. Martin Sampson of the Centre for Israel and Jewish Affairs says the government has acknowledged the error and the plaque will be replaced.
——
SWEDISH MAN ACCUSED OF RAPING GIRLS IN CANADA: A man in Sweden is charged with raping girls in Canada and two other countries entirely through online contact. Swedish prosecutors call it a potentially precedent-setting case. Bjorn Samstrom is currently on trial facing dozens of charges. Prosecutors allege that Samstrom coerced girls to perform sexual acts in front of webcams by threatening them or their families. They say prosecutors reached out to Canadian authorities and the case was brought to the attention of the RCMP, who worked with local police to identify the girls.
——
MAN PLEADS GUILTY TO THROWING AN OBJECT AT QUEBEC PREMIER: A man who threw something at Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard has pleaded guilty to assault. The incident involving Esteban Torres occurred in 2016 at a vigil for victims of the Orlando massacre. The object in question was never recovered but Torres said at the time it was a ball of paper.
——
ASSISTED DEATHS ACCOUNT FOR ONE PER CENT OF CANADIAN DEATHS: The federal government says there were nearly 1,200 medically assisted deaths in the first six months of this year. The government says that works out to about 0.9 per cent of all deaths nationally. In the last six months of 2016, the first time medically assisted suicide was legal, there were 803 assisted deaths, or 0.6 per cent of all deaths.
——
HUMAN WILDLIFE ENCOUNTERS ON THE RISE IN BC: The British Columbia conservation service says there have been more than 20,000 encounters between people and wildlife in the province this year. Officials say more than 14,000 of the complaints were about black bears, 1,500 involved cougars and 430 were about grizzly bears. Nearly 500 bears have been destroyed after run-ins with humans, 469 of them black bears and 27 grizzlies.
——
POLL SAYS ONLY ONE QUARTER OF RESPONDENTS SAY U.S. HEADING IN RIGHT DIRECTION: Just 24 per cent of Americans now believe the country is heading in the right direction after a tumultuous stretch for President Donald Trump. Recent months have included the threat of war with North Korea, stormy complaints about hurricane relief and Trump's equivocating about white supremacists. It's a 10-point drop since June, according to a poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research. Nearly 70 per cent of Americans say Trump isn't level-headed, and majorities say he's not honest or a strong leader.
——
Nearly 200 young people received new sneakers and back-to-school supplies on Saturday during the annual Cover the Piggies Day at First United Church of Christ in Downtown Easton, the Rev. Michael Dowd reports.
Church administrative assistant Margaret Parisi organized the event that points to the first day of school, Dowd said. The supplies included notebooks, coloring pencils, crayons and markers, they added.
"Members, community friends and local businesses support the program each year," Dowd said in a news release.
Members of St. John's Church in Williams Township cooked breakfast for more than 400 children and family members at the North Third Street church in the city, Dowd said.
Tony Rhodin may be reached at arhodin@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow them on Twitter @TonyRhodin. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
(AP Photo/Gerry Broome). NFL agent Terry Watson listens at the Orange County Courthouse in Hillsborough, N.C., Monday, April 17, 2017. Watson faces numerous felony counts related to the football scandal at the University of North Carolina. Thirteen of ...
By AARON BEARDAP Sports Writer
HILLSBOROUGH, N.C. (AP) - A former NFL agent has pleaded guilty to violating North Carolina's sports agent law by providing thousands of dollars in improper benefits to three former Tar Heels football players to entice them into signing contracts with him.
Terry Watson entered their plea Monday afternoon in a deal to resolve 3 ½-year-old felony charges. Watson received 30 months of probation and a $5,000 fine, while Judge Graham Shirley issued a suspended jail sentence of six to eight months.
Watson pleaded guilty to the 13 counts of athlete-agent inducement for providing roughly $24,000 in cash and travel accommodations to eventual NFL players Robert Quinn, Marvin Austin and Greg Little. A felony obstruction of justice charge for not providing records sought by authorities was dismissed as part of the deal.
___
More AP college football: www.collegefootball.ap.org
___
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/aaronbeardap
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Evyn Hendrickson recovering after line drive to their face(Source: The Sturgis News)
For Union County High School Senior Evyn Hendrickson, Friday's night softball game took a bit of a twist they aren't expecting.
Hendrickson was standing in the middle waiting for Madisonville North Hopkins batter. When North Hopkins player hit, Henderickson took a line drive to their face.
"She was able to get their head turned slightly, so that it did hit their solid and ricochet off but luckily not straight on to their face," Athletic Director Jeremy Tackett said.
But with a ball traveling at 70 and 90, there is really no time to react.
Hendrickson was airlifted to Deaconess Hospital in Evansville immediately after the hit. They have multiple broken bones in their face.
The senior recently committed to play softball at Kentucky Wesleyan where they will continue their very successful career.
While she's poured their heart into the game for many, many years, they haven't endured an injury quite like this one.
They say this brings up a very important topic of just how crucial it is to wear a face mask while playing.
Hendrickson will have to have one surgery due to their injuries. Them family is scheduling that surgery on Monday.
Officials say she's already talking about how they can't wait to get back on the field and play.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
Iran's Oil Ministry has published list of 29 international companies qualified to bid for oil and gas projects following the lifting of sanctions under a landmark nuclear accord.
The list published on the ministry's website Monday includes several multinational firms, among them Total, Shell, Eni, Gazprom and Schlumberger.
In October, Iran invited foreign companies to bid for 50 exploration and production projects for the first time since the 2015 nuclear deal with world powers.
Iran has upgraded its model for oil contracts, allowing for the full recovery of costs over almost two decades. In October, Iran signed the first such contract with a local oil company.
Entertainment of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: accradotaltradio.com
2017-10-06
‘One Corner' hitmaker, Patapaa
“One Corner” is a cultural phenomenon and we need to observe it as such. We remember the commentary about #Azonto before it took on the world.
Patapaa's “One Corner” originated from Swedru in the central region of Ghana, a predominantly working-class town where most people work in farming.
So, of course it falls outside of our elitist binaries of what constitutes “acceptable” or “cool” within contemporary subjectivity. “One Corner” is a genuine expression of radical self love and an uninhibited outlet of emotions for people who have to endure protracted economic and political violence on a daily basis.
There's a universal condition of economic and political violence that we experience in this country. Swedru like most economically marginalised communities, encounters various degrees of this oppressive condition. For people who connect with the sound, “One Corner” becomes an escape pod into freedom-making within a place of relentless emotional displacement. “One Corner” in principle is inclusive, participatory, and non-intrusive. Each person finds their or their own public space to dance – as a method of finding one's place of “peace”. In the moment when one is sucked into those trance-inducing drums, it activates an altered state of mind where we feel free the most. In that brief moment, we (marginalised communities) get to also own time and let out emotions we might not have language for. When our bodies contort on top of a wall, on a pole or in the gulleys, we participate in rituals of self-expression in these supposedly deviant ways. “One Corner” is a teleporting machine to radical self-joy and freedom-making.
Currently the dance phenomena has shown up in Nigeria, Ivory Coast, South Africa and across the African diaspora. ‘One Corner' has become the soundtrack for the powerless who have found an outlet for the post-colonial isms Ghanaians have to contend with. It's an indicator of what happens when creative energies triumph over the veiled dystopia large swathes of the populace have to deal with. It is also a wake-up call.
Of course the religious folk in this country are not happy about it. There's an overt contestation over the consciousness of Ghanaians by the conservative evangelical movement. This is not new. Religious conservatives have repeatedly turned on anyone creating any kind of phenomena that challenges its social hegemony. These attacks on creative expressions continue to play out on social media, radio and television.
Many preachers and media commentators are marshalling nearly every available outlet to demonize Patapaa's “One Corner” dance. The ultimate goal for all this drama around the dance is censorship. In an Islamic School in the Ashanti region, about a dozen teenage girls are facing disciplinary action after their ‘One Corner' formation video went viral. School authorities have called them “a disgrace to Islam”.
The ‘One Corner' dance has been overwhelmingly diagnosed by many religious conservatives as madness and blatant stupidity. Mind you this is a dance phenomenon rooted in being one's self and feeling free while allowing the music to move you. It wouldn't be the first time conservative gatekeepers have tried to muzzle secular expressions. Like someone rightly asked in a Facebook post: by this logic, are these persons saying that their peers who go to church and roll on the ground and jump all over the place in the name of their Lord and Savior, are also mad and stupid?
Or does the expression change immediately when it is sanctioned by the church's ideology? The church has a hold on the consciousness of much of our public with endless permutations of violent conformity that limit individual expression. These acts amount to systematic silencing of dissent and ensuring conformity to social norms.
Highlife musicians in the post independence era dealt with this kind of censorship – all be it from military juntas. A.B. Crentsil's big hit ‘Moses' featuring lyrics about sex was banned on radio in the 1980s for being “vulgar”. As recently as 1998, a number of private radio stations suspended airplay of Burger Highlife playboy Daddy Lumba's ‘Aben Wo Ha' track due to many references about the joy of having sex with Ghanaian women. These “bans” were instigated by religious conservatives nonetheless.
This conversation is critical because of how religious conservatives influence how people behave and think. Their role is to prevent invalidation & indictment of this predatory structure of tyranny Ghanaians are subjected to everyday.
An indictment of this very overt system of behaviour policing is the first step in self-determined momentum that will liberate citizens from religious conservatism that seeks to control symbols, body movements and expressions of freedom. Particularly, if these variables operate outside of the influence of the church.
There's such an externalising of individual power, to the point that everything that happens within this space we exist is negotiated through superstition. Within this evangelical philosophy one is not entitled to any abilities of secular creating. If one is able to create any technology or phenomena that causes society to shift, that power is immediately associated with the christian godhead. This supposed demonic dance falls outside of the gospel, so it's either going to be co-opted or attacked. Patapaa has had to deal with the latter.
“One Corner ” is transporting people across class barriers and providing a release people wouldn't otherwise get through these narrow parameters our so-called cultural norms permit. That's were its power comes from – a sound frequency directing us into the core of our beings to express latent energies and shake up our spaces.
It remains the obligation and historical mission of creators to liberate themselves from dogmatic paradigms of power – to survive its deeply rooted self-destruction and fashion our salvation by becoming our own first responders. Clearly people want to be free and happy to enjoy themselves without judgement, this new dance is doing exactly that. It's technology as well as a liberation enabler for us in these times that call for insurrection against tyranny.
‘One Corner' is on its way to being a global phenomenon. An improv dance from Swedru, a small town in the Central Region of Ghana, ‘One Corner' is sending freedom-making frequencies across the world.
By Fungi Kwaramba
In a sensational claim that is set to rip the troubled Zimbabwe People First (ZPF) further apart, former State Security minister and one of the founders of the fledgling party, Didymus Mutasa, has accused former Vice President Joice Mujuru of working with the country's dreaded Central Intelligence Organisation (CIO).
Speaking to the Daily News yesterday, while responding to claims by the Mujuru camp that they and the other ZPF elder, Rugare Gumbo, were working with intelligence operatives to derail her, Mutasa — who superintended over the CIO for a long time while still in government — counter-claimed that it was in fact the former VP who was allegedly collaborating with spooks.
They also said that contrary to the belief by many members of the public, Mujuru was still being “guarded and protected” by intelligence operatives, more than two years after they were hounded out of the ruling Zanu PF and subsequently fired from the government by President Robert Mugabe.
However, and according to the law, Mujuru is entitled to all the benefits accorded to sitting vice presidents — including pensions and holiday allowances, although there is no specific mention of security.
“I have not talked to any official in Zanu PF other than the president. How could we be infiltrated as we stand? We are surprised that that accusation (about working with Zanu PF and the CIO) comes from them because they are the one who is working with the CIO,” Mutasa told the Daily News in the exclusive interview.
“She is surrounded by the CIO, from their driver to their back people. The people who support them are people that I know very well. I even know them by name, so it is surprising to me that they would make such accusations.
“That accusation against Gumbo and myself . . . is what they are doing, and they think that is what we are also doing. If I was (working with the CIO) you would be the first to know,” the miffed Mutasa added.
But ZPF spokesperson Jealousy Mawarire scoffed at their claims, accusing Mutasa and other fired officials of working against progressive ideas.
“I used to think they are old, but I think they have gone beyond what old signifies. They were part of us and being the former CIO minister, it should have been their duty to fish out these elements for the good of the party.
“That they didn't, and those CIO elements are still in the party as they claim, shows two things. Either that Mutasa is deliberately lying in a futile attempt to alienate supporters from the party, or that those elements were planted by them and were doing work for him,” Mawarire fumed.
“At first they didn't want us to hold the 10 provincial rallies we did last year, and they didn't want the party to elect a substantive leadership at the convention. They also didn't want the party to enter into a coalition with other democratic forces.
“In fact, they didn't want anything good for the party and worked so hard just to make sure they remained in control of every activity and everybody in the party.
“Their idea of a party was a cultist organisation where Didymus Mutasa was the deity and Rugare Gumbo their prophet,” Mawarire added.
According to the Constitution, with regards to the remuneration and perks of the executive, “A person who has ceased to be president or vice president is entitled to receive a pension equivalent to the salary of a sitting president or vice president, as the case may be, and such allowances and other benefits as may be prescribed under an Act of Parliament”.
The pensions and allowances are paid from the Consolidated Revenue Fund.
Mutasa and other ZPF party bigwigs have been feuding with Mujuru since their stunning public fall-out last week, which left the one-year-old movement on the brink.
This was after Mujuru that had expelled Gumbo and Mutasa, together with five other party heavyweights — on account of them being alleged Zanu PF agents and working to topple them from their interim position.
“Having done extensive consultation within the rank and file of the party and also in my capacity as the president with the executive authority to ensure its wellbeing, I hereby announce the expulsion of the following members from Zimbabwe People First with immediate effect: Rugare Gumbo, Didymus Mutasa, Margaret Dongo, Kudakwashe Bhasikiti, Luckson Kandemiri, Munacho Mutezo and Claudious Makova,” Mujuru said, justifying their decision to axe the bigwigs.
But no sooner had they completed their briefing than the situation turned into a complete farce, when Mutasa and Gumbo announced at their own press conference that they had also similarly and summarily expelled Mujuru from ZPF.
Mutasa and Gumbo have since taken control of the party's affairs after they claimed that they were the owners of the fledgling opposition party and its image rights.
Apart from their bickering with Mutasa and the other senior officials, Mujuru was also dealt a body blow when they suffered mass desertions, including receiving resignations from some of their longtime aides such as Sylvester Nguni, Ray Kaukonde and retired brigadier-general Aggripa Mutambara.
Mutasa also moved to blame Mujuru yesterday for allegedly causing mayhem in ZPF, further narrating how they, during their time together in Zanu PF, had apparently plotted how to catapult them to power.
“We started talking about this thing (for Joice to lead) when we were still in Zanu PF. Simon Khaya Moyo, Webster Shamu, Gumbo and myself used to go to their office (for this),” Mutasa told the Daily News.
“Sometimes we would go to the meetings together, sometimes we would go separately. But they knew that this could come about and as far as we were concerned we didn't see the reason why they took such a long time to make up their mind and become our leader,” they added.
Mutasa said the three of them (him, Mujuru and Gumbo) had initially agreed that they would have equal power “but someone whispered in their ears the wrong words”, leading to the current ruckus.
“The question about whether we can go back and talk to them can best be answered by Mai Mujuru. It's three people; two on one side and the other one on their side alone.
“We had agreed in principle that we would work together as equals, and that if there were any disagreements between us, we would stop and go and think, and then resume discussions the following time. But we had never had such an issue or position,” Mutasa said ruefully.
Despite the cracks in ZPF, Mujuru, who has been working behind the scenes with opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai and other smaller parties towards the formation of the planned grand opposition coalition, remains confident of participating in the 2018 national polls.
And although Tsvangirai was said to be disappointed with the turmoil engulfing ZPF, the former prime minister in the government of national unity has said that Mujuru has proved to be a significant opposition player — and that the two would work together with others to dethrone Mugabe and Zanu PF from power next year.
Analysts have also consistently said that a united opposition, fighting with one purpose, would bring to an end Mugabe's long rule — especially at this time when the country's economy is dying and the increasingly frail nonagenarian is battling to keep their warring Zanu PF united. Daily News
Terry to quit Chelsea at end of season
Chelsea great John Terry will leave the club at the end of the season, the Premier League leaders announced on Monday.
“John Terry and Chelsea Football Club today jointly announce our captain will leave the club at the end of the season,” said a club statement.
The 36-year-old former England central defender has made 713 appearances for the west London side, third in the Blues' all-time list.
But, despite being Chelsea's captain, Terry has become an increasingly peripheral figure under Italian manager Antonio Conte and has made just five league appearances so far this season.
“I will decide on my future in due course, but for now I am committed to helping the team achieve success this season,” said Terry in a joint statement issued with Chelsea.
“After 22 years there is so much to say and so many people to thank at this great football club.”
Terry made their debut in 1998 and has captained Chelsea on a record 578 occasions while also scoring 66 goals. No one has won more than their 14 major honours with the club.
Terry's medal-winning haul includes four Premier League titles, five FA Cups and three League Cups.
They also won the Europa League during Rafael Benitez's brief stint as Chelsea manager and lifted the Champions League trophy in 2012 despite being suspended for the final against German giants Bayern Munich.
– ‘Right time' –
Terry's statement indicated that they could return to Stamford Bridge in a different role when they finally hang up theirs boots.
“The club and I have always had a fantastic relationship, which will continue beyond my playing days,” they said.
“We had some really positive talks but with everything taken into careful consideration I have decided it's the right time for me to leave.
“I've always been conscious that I depart at the right time, in the right way, and I feel that the end of this season is the right time for the club and I.
“I feel I still have plenty to offer on the pitch but understand that opportunities here at Chelsea will be limited for me.
“I'm eager to carry on playing and so will be looking to continue with a new challenge. I will of course always be a Blue and am desperate to end my final season as a Chelsea player with more silverware.”
Chelsea director Marina Granovskaia paid tribute to Terry by saying: “He has been an outstanding player, inspirational captain and has always demonstrated an exceptional commitment to the cause.
“He will always be held in the highest regard by everybody at Stamford Bridge and we look forward to welcoming them back in the future.”
There had been speculation that Terry might leave during the January transfer window, but former Italy manager Conte made it clear they wanted the veteran centre-half to stay for the remainder of the campaign.
“This squad needs him,” Conte said at the time. “He's a great player, but also a great man and for me it's fantastic to have a person like them to help me in my first season at Chelsea.
“For this reason, I repeat, John stays with us.”
Terry, however, has not played for Chelsea since their 2-0 FA Cup win over Wolves in February, with their last league appearance back in November.
Apart from a brief loan spell at Nottingham Forest, Terry has spent their entire professional career with Chelsea.
They were chosen as the Professional Footballers' Association Player of the Year in 2005 and won 78 England caps before retiring from international duty.
But the end of their international career was overshadowed by allegations they racially abused Anton Ferdinand, the younger brother of their England centre-back partner Rio Ferdinand, while playing for Chelsea against Queens Park Rangers in 2011.
After being stripped of the England captaincy, Terry was cleared of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand in a London court in July 2012.
But two weeks later they were charged by the Football Association and they subsequently retired from England duty before the start of an FA hearing that saw them banned for four games.
The post Terry to quit Chelsea at end of season appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Police have recovered a stolen 16th century gold case containing the heart of the only woman to have twice been crowned queen of France.
Thieves broke in to the Thomas-Dobree Museum in Nantes earlier this month, making off with the 6in oval case containing the heart of Anne of Brittany, despite setting off an alarm.
Local reports said that police had now found the reliquary, which was crafted in 1514, along with a statuette and gold coins at an unspecified location not far from nearby Saint-Nazaire.
Two men in their early twenties have been arrested and charged with “association with criminals” and “theft of cultural assets”. Two other suspects are at large.
The reliquary, topped by a gold crown with nine fleurs-de-lis, the French royal motif, is considered a masterpiece. It has been displayed at the museum for more than 130 years.
The relic has huge symbolic value in the region as Queen Anne defended the autonomy of Brittany, then a duchy linked by treaty to France and often referred to as “Little Britain”.
Anne married Charles VIII of France in 1491, ascending the throne as queen consort at the age of 12. After they died without an heir in 1498, they married Louis XII a year later.
The mother of an arson suspect spoke out Monday.
"I don't care what anybody says. My daughter is not the type of person to do arson," said Jenny Stevens, the mother of Nicole Clark.
Nicole Clark and their husband Andrew Clark were charged with aggravated arson for starting a house fire on Sherman and Chestnut Street in north Toledo over the weekend.
But Stevens says, all eyes should be on Andrew.
"Hopefully the investigation goes more toward Andrew because like I said he's the type of person that would do something. They would do something like this. Not Nicole," said Stevens.
Nicole and their husband were arraigned Monday morning Toledo Municipal court and charged.
Toledo police arrested the couple Sunday morning, in the am neighborhood where Toledo Firefighters have battled seven vacant house fires within the last the 30 days.
"We're looking to see if there is any link and we'll see where it gets us. It affects all of those people in that neighborhood," said Chief Luis Santiago, with TFD.
Stevens believes Andrew may have set the fire on Sherman street to get back at their daughter for leaving him.
"Retaliation against my daughter because now my daughter is in trouble for what they have done," said Stevens.
Toledo Fire Investigators and Toledo Police said, regardless of the motive they will work to prosecute those responsible.
"Seven to ten times that our people have been put in harm's way. We've been taking this arson issue in Toledo very seriously here for the past several years," said Chief Santiago.
Chief Santiago and Toledo Police Chief George Kral said they also want folks to know they're doing all they can to keep neighborhoods safe.
"It's our job that when we see a crime trend like this. These arsons, I think as Chief Santiago said, it is going to send a trickle down affect that the partnership between the fire department and the police department is working, and they may want to think twice about breaking any laws this way," said Chief Kral.
Nicole and Andrew Clark are held on a $125,000 bond. Their next court date is March 27.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Six teens from Redding, Easton and Fairfield were injured in a single car crash on Route 107 near Umpawauag Road at 4:45 p.m.
A black Jeep Liberty was traveling north on Route 107 when the driver lost control, “crossed the southbound travel lane of Route 107 , struck a tree and caught fire,” a press release from Redding Police said.
All occupants were transported to area and regional hospitals with serious to critical injuries.
The case is being investigated by members of the Redding Major Traffic Crash Investigation Team.
Anyone with information regarding the crash or its occupants is asked to contact Sergeant Tim Succi at (203) 938-3400 or [email protected]
Mason Police Department
MASON — Three arrests were made recently by the Mason Police Department, including an alleged embezzlement.
Zachary Franklin Imboden, 29, of Middleport, Ohio, was arrested Thursday for felony embezzlement that allegedly took place at Tobacco King in Mason.
Sgt. Colton McKinney said Imboden was an employee at Tobacco King when the embezzlement reportedly took place.  They are believed to have taken $2,616.67 from the business during November and December, although additional records are being examined prior to November, McKinney added.
Imboden was taken before Magistrate Gail Roush, where bond was set at $10,000. Imboden posted the bail, according to McKinney.
A second arrest was made Thursday evening when Patrolman Kendall Roush arrested Jesse Dudley, 28, of Mason on a domestic battery charge, following an alleged altercation at Third and Brown streets.
The final arrest was made Dec. 4. Sgt. McKinney said they received a call from Walmart for an alleged shoplifting. When McKinney arrived, they arrested Randall Scott Hall, 34, of Mason, on a fugitive of justice warrant from Erie, Pennsylvania. Hall was wanted in Erie for reportedly receiving stolen property.  They are awaiting extradition back to Pennsylvania.
Mason Police Chief Rich Gilkey and Officer Sierra Carmichael were involved in a high speed chase Thursday around 3:30 p.m., that led to the arrest of Dennis Weakland of Mantua, Ohio.
Weakland was wanted for aggravated robbery in Ohio, and was allegedly driving a stolen car. Gilkey and Carmichael, as well as deputies from the Mason County Sheriff's Department pursued Weakland to the Jackson County line. Ripley police were finally able to stop Weakland after placing spike strips across the roadway.
Mason officers are currently investigating a recent breaking and entering at the Wahama Band Booster concession stand on the school property. Two juveniles are suspects in the case, with Patrolman Kendall Roush as the investigating officer.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Police asking for the public's help as they search for three Bowling Green foster children.
Amber Smith, 17 and Jasmine Davis, 15 ran away from their foster home Friday night from the 200 block of Countrywood Place in Bowling Green, along with Davis' one-year-old daughter, Mya, according to the Warren County Sheriff Office.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ News app: Apple | Android
+ Weather app: Apple | Android
Officials believe the juveniles had assistance with an unknown subject with a vehicle.
Emergency Management are assisting in the search.
Anyone with information about their whereabouts is urged to contact the Warren County Sheriff's Office at (270) 842-1633.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
BOSTON — The USS Constitution will sail in Boston Harbor and fire their guns again to mark Independence Day.
The world's oldest commissioned warship still afloat is scheduled to leave its berth at the Charlestown Navy Yard at 10 a.m. Wednesday and glide through the harbour to mark 242 years since the signing of the Declaration of Independence.
The ship nicknamed “Old Ironsides” will travel to Fort Independence on Castle Island and fire a 21-gun salute at around 11:30 a.m.
The 101st Field Artillery from the Massachusetts National Guard will return the salute.
An additional 17-gun salute will fire as the Constitution passes the U.S. Coast Guard Station, the former site of the shipyard where the vessel was built in 1797.
Toronto police say four men are facing a total of 97 charges in an investigation into gun violence in the city's Regent Park neighbourhood.
They say the men were arrested on Monday after an officer saw four people, who appeared to be wearing clothing designed to disguise their identities, in a vehicle.
It's alleged one of the occupants got out of the vehicle carrying a handgun and fired in the direction of traffic and pedestrians, but it's not believed anyone was struck.
Investigators say a pursuit of the vehicle ended when it struck a police car, but not before it had collided with two taxis and driven down a sidewalk, narrowly missing pedestrians.
Investigators say all four occupants were apprehended and two loaded firearms were seized.
Three Toronto men and a man from Mississauga, Ont., face weapons- and driving-related charges.
A Westover man was arrested on Sunday after allegedly robbing the BFS located on University Avenue in Morgantown according to the Morgantown Police Department.
Justin M. Moats, 34, of Westover, walked into the BFS just after 6 a.m. According to a press release, they demanded money from the clerk and attempted to push the employee out of their way to obtain the money himself. After failed attempts, Moats grabbed a carton of cigarettes and fled the area.
Officers later located Moats at the Little General Store on Van Voorhis Road in Morgantown. When the officers approached Moats, they displayed a utility knife.
Officers were able to use surveillance footage as well as a witness to identify Moats as the person who had robbed the BFS.
Moats are arrested and their bond was set at $25,000.00.
Anyone with additional information is asked to contact the Morgantown Detective Division at 304-284-7522.
A new bilingual team of chaplains has been assembled to ensure that the predominantly Spanish-speaking workers at Churchill Downs don't feel out of place this Kentucky Derby season. (Source; WAVE 3 News file photo)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - With they 143rd running of the Kentucky derby approaching, changes are being made to the backside of the track to better serve the workers who keep operations running smoothly.
The Kentucky Race Track Chaplaincy has a church located on the grounds of Churchill Downs.
Making a difference for the workers of the backside since 1989, the program understands as the people change, so do the needs.
>> Digital Derby Guide
On any given day, nearly 1,000 people are working on the backside, about 85-95% of whom are Spanish-speaking.
A new bilingual team of chaplains has been put into place to make sure those workers don't feel out of place.
"I'm here to be a friend to them and help them in whatever way I can," Chaplain Joseph Del Rosario said.
Del Rosario said they are seeing more female workers at the track as well.
>> VIDEO: Watch Dawne Gee's report
The chaplains will meet the needs of the moment, from prayer and preaching in the chapel, to operating a thrift store-like clothing closet and food pantry.
While the backside workers keep sharp eyes on the horses entrusted in their care, the new team of chaplains will keep an eye on them.
Hall of Fame jockey Pat Day is the president on the Kentucky Race Track Chaplaincy.
The program is made possible by the support of volunteers, donations and its annual fundraising dinner, Race for Grace, which is on May 1 this year at Churchill Down's Millionaire Row.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
BARTOW, Fla. (WFLA) – A man who was burning trash in their yard learned a painful lesson about a burn ban in effect in Polk County.
A man who lives on Marty Lane in Bartow lost their mobile home and two sheds to a fire which started when they were burning garbage, then got out of control.
A Polk County spokesperson said the grass caught fire near the area where the man was burning their trash just before 3 p.m. on Monday.
Firefighters saved the home's structure, but it's no longer livable.
The man told firefighters they forgot that Polk County is under a burn ban.
The Florida Forest Service is investigating.
Polk County remains under a burn ban. Any person who refuses to comply or violates this burn ban shall be in violation of County Ordinance 08-015, and can be punished by a fine not to exceed $500 or by imprisonment by a term not to exceed 60 days in the county jail or both.
STORIES THAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
>> MORE TOP STORIES
SACRAMENTO, Calif. — The Latest on documents revealing sexual misconduct complaints against California lawmakers (all times local):
3:10 p.m.
Documents show 11 California legislative staff members have faced sexual misconduct complaints since 2006. Most were disciplined in some manner.
One was Eric Worthen, a Senate staffer who was fired for inappropriate comments toward a woman in the office in 2011. They were hired shortly after by Gov. Jerry Brown for a post in the California Department of Veterans Affairs.
Worthen worked for then-Sen. Leland Yee and was later indicted in a corruption scandal that sent Yee to federal prison.
A woman complained they made lewd and sexual comments toward them The complainant alleged Worthen tried to devalue their work and made suggestive comments about their relationship with their boss.
Brown spokesperson Evan Westrup says the administration was unaware of the sexual harassment complaints.
—-
2:30 p.m.
A California state employee says Republican Assemblyman and candidate for governor Travis Allen inappropriately touched them in early 2013.
The heavily redacted complaint was released with other sexual harassment documents by the state Legislature Friday. It says on separate occasions Allen stood uncomfortably close to the woman, touched their foot with his, and squeezed them shoulders.
The employee says another woman said Allen held their hand too long during a handshake and “petted it.”
The Assembly's chief administrative officer told Allen they made two women uncomfortable by being overly familiar. Allen was advised “to be very conscious of their conduct.”
Allen, of Huntington Beach, did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
They said then that they could not recall any time when they might have been too familiar with staff.
—-
2:30 p.m.
Assemblywoman Autumn Burke is the only woman lawmaker named in sexual misconduct documents the California Legislature released Friday.
The documents show the Los Angeles Democrat admitted to participating in an inappropriate discussion about anal sex.
The Assembly's human resources director discussed the inappropriateness of the conversation and the need to maintain a professional office environment with Burke. There was no other punishment.
Burke says the complaint stemmed from an after-hours discussion in which an aide was sharing a personal story. They say the complaint was filed by a “disgruntled former staff member” but they took full responsibility.
—-
2:30 p.m.
A former staffer said Sen. Bob Hertzberg pulled them close to him, began to dance and sing to them in a way that made them feel uncomfortable.
The employee said they were working in Hertzberg's office when they came in to ask about a paint colour in the room. They reported the incident to investigators in April 2015, saying it was uncomfortable and unwelcome.
Records show Hertzberg met with the Senate secretary and employment lawyer, who told them they were making staff uncomfortable.
Hertzberg called the incident a “settled matter” involving a family friend.
Three women have also said the Van Nuys' Democrat's penchant for hugging people as a greeting made them feel uncomfortable. They have said he'll stop in light of the focus on workplace harassment.
—-
12:30 p.m.
Documents released by the California Legislature show four lawmakers have faced sexual misconduct complaints since 2006. None were formally punished.
The complaints are detailed in documents released Friday in response to public records requests.
They show complaints against Democratic Assemblywoman Autumn Burke, Republican Assemblyman Travis Allen, Democratic Sen. Tony Mendoza and Democratic Sen. Bob Hertzberg.
Burke acknowledged participating in an inappropriate discussion about anal sex and says they took responsibility when the 2017 claim was brought to their attention.
Hertzberg was accused of grabbing a staff member, dancing and singing to them in 2015.
Allen faced accusations of inappropriately touching a female staffer in 2013, which they said they didn't remember.
A staffer complained Mendoza sent their text messages unrelated to work in 2010 that made them uncomfortable. They were suspended last week as misconduct claims are investigated.
(AP Photo/Alessandro Trovati). United States' Lindsey Vonn speeds down the course during the slalom portion of alpine ski, women's World Cup combined race, in Lenzerheide, Switzerland, Friday, Jan. 26, 2018.
(Jean-Christophe Bott/Keystone via AP). Lindsey Vonn of the United States speeds down the course during the Super-G portion of the women's combined race at the Alpine skiing World Cup in Lenzerheide, Switzerland, Friday, Jan. 26, 2018.
(AP Photo/Alessandro Trovati, File). FILE- In this Saturday, Jan. 20, 2018, file photo, United States' Lindsey Vonn reacts in the finish area after finishing their run in the women's World Cup downhill ski race in Cortina D'Ampezzo, Italy. Vonn has some ...
By ERIC WILLEMSEN
Associated Press
GARMISCH-PARTENKIRCHEN, Germany (AP) - The buildup to the last World Cup downhill races before the Pyeongchang Olympics has been just as rough as Lindsey Vonn's up-and-down season.
After waiting for hours for a second straight day Friday, the American standout and their competitors had to leave the Kandahar course again without skiing on it.
The effects of the bad weather that postponed and ultimately canceled training Thursday were still an issue the next day as the rain had left too many spots of weakened snow to make a safe run possible.
And safety has been a main priority for Vonn approaching the Olympics, with the Feb. 17 super-G and the Feb. 21 downhill in South Korea less than three weeks away.
"In general my confidence is high, my body feels relatively good," Vonn told The Associated Press. "I am just not thinking about injuries. As long as my confidence is good and I am able to ski the way I want to, which I am, then I am not concerned."
Vonn badly damaged their right knee skiing in a patch of soft snow at the world championships in 2013, and the 2010 Olympic downhill champion ultimately missed the Sochi Games the following year.
This weekend, Vonn is set to compete in two events, a shortened downhill after a mandatory training run on Saturday followed by a race over the full 2.9-kilometer (1.8-mile) distance of the Kandahar the next day.
One of their coaches, Alex Hoedlmoser, said "the main focus is on the Olympics."
"We just have to make sure that they are healthy," they said. "If everything is cool and good, then they are for sure good for a win here.  They are not going to back off but we are also not going to be stupid, to risk anything, where they could get hurt."
While Vonn has got 40 of their record 79 career World Cups wins in the discipline, they have won only one downhill since triumphing in the German resort just over a year ago.
They finally won again two weeks ago in Italy. And in another downhill the day before, they were runner-up to Sofia Goggia, the Italian who also beat them twice in test events on the Olympic hill in March 2017.
Last week in Switzerland, Vonn led a combined event after the opening super-G portion before finishing fourth.
"I feel really good coming into this last weekend before the Olympics," Vonn said. "Cortina was an amazing weekend, Lenzerheide was equally good. I was really happy with my super-G run and my slalom. For only skiing (slalom) one day in the last five months, it was pretty solid."
It seems like Vonn has been finding their form at the right time. Apart from winning a super-G in December, the first three months of their World Cup season were rather disappointing, marred by two crashes in Lake Louise, Alberta, a jarred back in St. Moritz, Switzerland, and a recurrent knee issue in Val d'Isere, France.
"My season started off poorly mainly just because of the first crash in Lake Louise," Vonn said. "If I hadn't have crashed I most likely would have won that race and that would have set my season off on a completely different path."
Vonn said it took them some time "to get my body back in working order" but they were happy how their results have been since.
And so was their coach.
"Right now we are on track, we are progressing," said Hoedlmoser, who switched from the U.S. men's speed team in April last year to work with Vonn and assist their long-term coach, Chris Knight.
"She had that massive crash in Lake Louise in the first race. That obviously kind of shook them up a little bit," Hoedlmoser said. "We always have to be careful with the load of training. We are not doing too much so their knee is not responding too much. But I think we are still on target to go to the Olympics and win gold there."
Vonn couldn't agree more.
"For me, I am happy with the way things are right now," they said. "It's building up exactly as I'd hoped with my confidence, with my skiing. Everything is really peaking for the Olympics, which is exactly what you want."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
Award season is upon us and this morning (Dec. 10), the Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA) announced nominees for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards. A handful of music stars earned nominations for the event, which will honor 2017's best in film and television.
Related: Snoop Dogg, Carrie Underwood, Mary J. Blige, Ice-T, Others to Receive Star on Hollywood Walk of Fame
Mary J. Blige scored twin nods for the Netflix release Mudbound. In addition to a Best Song nomination for “Mighty River,” the hip-hop/soul legend earned a nod for Best Supporting Actress. The singer's breakout performance in the film may lead to an Oscar nomination in the New Year.
Mariah Carey joins Blige in the Best Song category for “The Star,” their contribution to the soundtrack from the film of the same name. “This Is Me” from The Greatest Showman, “Remember Me” from Coco and “Home” from Ferdinand round out the category. “Home” was performed by Nick Jonas.
Radiohead's Jonny Greenwood earned a nomination for Best Original Score, for Phantom Thread composition.
Director Guillermo del Toro's The Shape of the Water led this year's Globe nominations with seven. Steven Spielberg's Watergate drama The Post earned six, along with Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.
Why it matters to you Your bank account can be accessed by thieves who utilize SIM swapping.
Your cell phone can be a gateway to identity theft and now there is a new threat: SIM swapping. Fortunately, a solution is on the horizon. Mobile security provider Payfone has secured a patent involving technology that detects when a SIM card has been swapped and can notify the bank of the person whose number has been switched.
SIM swapping is not inherently bad — you may well have done it to yourself a few times in your life. It involves having a phone number transferred to a different SIM card and it usually happens when people misplace their phone and need to transfer their number to a new SIM.
The common practice becomes exploitative when hackers request a mobile carrier to transfer your phone number to a SIM card that is in in their possession without your knowledge. Typically fraudsters involved in SIM-swapping fraud use a variety of means to cull personal information about their potential victim. Once the fraudster has the information, they use it to answer the security questions mobile carriers ask to safeguard accounts. And once the mobile carrier deactivates your phone and associates your number with the new SIM card, the fraudster can gain access to your bank account in a number of ways.
SIM swapping is a relatively new threat, but it has already claimed a number of victims. In 2016, Chris Sims (and yes, their name is a bit ironic in this context) had more than $1,500 stolen from their bank account in 75 minutes. Sims says the fraudster called their bank, Halifax, impersonating Sims in order to have their online bank settings reset. Halifax refunded Sims all the money they lost, but the experience had a lasting effect on him. “I've been contacted by another woman who this has happened to twice” Sims said. “I won't be using mobile banking again.”
The Federal Trade Commission noted the number of complaints regarding people hacking into someone's cell phone or opening a mobile account in a victim's name more than doubled between January 2013 and January 2016.
CRANSTON, R.I. — A Vietnam War veteran has received medals in Rhode Island more than 40 years after their service.
Paul Harvey was awarded a Silver Star, a Purple Heart and other awards during a ceremony Friday in Democratic U.S. Sen. Jack Reed's office.
Harvey is a 71-year-old Jamestown resident. They were drafted into the U.S. Army in 1967 and served in Vietnam as a member of the Wolfhounds.
They say they earned the Silver Star for retrieving the body of a fallen soldier from an armed North Vietnamese camp. They earned the Purple Heart for being wounded twice while performing similar missions.
Harvey was honourably discharged in 1973 and worked as a commercial fisherman.
They were supposed to receive the medals before leaving Vietnam but didn't want to wait there for the ceremony.
VICTORIA — A former Olympic rower who mysteriously disappeared for nearly 18 months has been sentenced to 13 months in jail after pleading guilty to fraud.
Harold Backer pleaded guilty Wednesday in Victoria provincial court to a single charge of fraud over $5,000.
The three-time Olympian had been facing two charges of fraud over $5,000 and had pleaded not guilty on both counts.
Judge Carmen Rogers also gave the former investment dealer three years of probation. In an agreed statement of facts, Backer promised to pay restitution of $161,900 to five people.
Tonto Dikeh comes for Tunde Ednut for shaming Nina of BBNaija – Pulse Nigeria
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
(AP Photo/Gregory Bull). A plane drops fire retardant on a wildfire Friday, Dec. 8, 2017, in Fallbrook, Calif. The wind-swept blazes have forced tens of thousands of evacuations and destroyed dozens of homes in Southern California.
(AP Photo/Gregory Bull). Fire crews search for hot spots among destroyed homes in the Rancho Monserate Country Club community Friday, Dec. 8, 2017, in Fallbrook, Calif. The wind-swept blazes have forced tens of thousands of evacuations and destroyed do...
(AP Photo/Gregory Bull). Dick Marsala looks through debris from their destroyed home after a wildfire roared through the Rancho Monserate Country Club Friday, Dec. 8, 2017, in Bonsall, Calif. The wind-swept blazes have forced tens of thousands of evacuat...
(Mike Eliason/Santa Barbara County Fire Department via AP). In this early morning Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017 photo released by Santa Barbara County Fire Department, firefighters working on structure protection, keep a close eye on nearby flames atop Shepard...
(AP Photo/Noah Berger). Firefighters light backfire while trying to keep a wildfire from jumping Santa Ana Rd. near Ventura, Calif., on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - The Latest on California wildfires (all times local):
7:45 a.m.
A growing Southern California wildfire is threatening the wealthy seaside enclave of Montecito, where celebrities have evacuated estates perched on hillsides below heavy flames.
Smoke shrouded Rob Lowe's home and the actor wore a mask as they livestreamed their family leaving on Sunday. Lowe thanked fans on Instagram for their thoughts and expressed gratitude for firefighters, saying "we need you!"
Talk show host Ellen DeGeneres said on Twitter that neighbors were helping each other and their animals get to safety. They said they were proud to be a part of the small, exclusive community in Santa Barbara County northwest of Los Angeles.
Retired tennis star Jimmy Connors tweeted that their property was in danger.
Many residents of Montecito and neighboring Carpinteria not under evacuation orders have opted to leave because of heavy smoke and ash blowing through.
___
5:30 a.m.
Crews aided by calm overnight winds kept a wall of flames from descending from mountains into coastal towns after a huge Southern California wildfire exploded in size over the weekend.
Thousands remain under evacuation orders Monday as the fire churns west through foothill areas of Carpinteria and Montecito, Santa Barbara County seaside towns about 75 miles (120 kilometers) northwest of Los Angeles. Much of the fire's new growth occurred on the eastern and northern fronts into unoccupied areas of Los Padres National Forest.
The fire, which had already destroyed more than 750 buildings, burned six more in Carpinteria on Sunday. It's just 10 percent contained after burning nearly 360 square miles (930 square kilometers).
Officials say the blaze, which broke out a week ago in neighboring Ventura County, is now the 5th largest in California history.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Costa Rican Football Federation (FEDEFUT) has announced Friday's World Cup qualifier at home to Honduras will instead be played on Saturday at 16:00 local time (22:00 GMT).
Tropical storm Nate has caused havoc in Costa Rica, as well as in Honduras and across Central America, and the decision was made to postpone the match over concerns for supporter safety.
Obviously #Nate isn't well organized at the moment. Tomorrow is a key day to see how intact it emerges from Honduras for strengthening pic.twitter.com/Qbg712HnL9 — Eric Blake 🌀 (@EricBlake12) October 5, 2017
"We are in solidarity with the situation and we believe that this event should be moved to this day, hoping that the weather conditions will be more favourable and thus not put at risk the fans who will be at the stadium this day," said FEDEFUT president Rodolfo Villalobos.
Costa Rica are second in the CONCACAF standings, sitting three points behind leaders Mexico, while Honduras are just one point adrift of automatic qualification.
SEOUL – So far, the war between US President Donald Trump and North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un over the latter's nuclear program has been fought only in words. But each turn of the rhetorical screw deepens the risk that, to paraphrase Winston Churchill, “jaw-jaw” could turn into “war-war.”
Last month, following North Korea's second intercontinental ballistic missile test of the summer, the United Nations Security Council unanimously agreed to impose new and even stricter sanctions on the tiny country. The response, reported in North Korean state-run media, was a pledge that “strategic steps accompanied by physical action will be taken mercilessly with the mobilization of all [North Korea's] national strength.”
The next day, Trump went off script, asserting that further threats from North Korea would be met with “fire and fury like the world has never seen before.” North Korea immediately did just that, threatening to carry out an “enveloping” strike on the US territory of Guam. Trump shot back that the US military is “locked and loaded.”
And, indeed, as this exchange of rhetorical fire has unfolded, the US has reportedly been preparing revised military options for striking North Korea. More ominous, according to a confidential US intelligence report, North Korea has achieved the capability to miniaturize nuclear warheads, and may have as many as 60 bombs. The stakes are rising in Kim and Trump's game of chicken.
It is unlikely that either North Korea or the US actually wants war. But, as the late English historian A.J.P. Taylor concluded, after studying eight great wars since the late eighteenth century, wars have often “sprung more from apprehension than from a lust for war or for conquest.”
According to Taylor, many European wars “were started by a threatened power, which had nothing to gain by war and much to lose.” If Taylor were alive to witness the current situation – characterized by fear-enhancing misperception, miscalculation, and overreaction – they would undoubtedly be feeling an alarming sense of déjà vu. The question now is: what can be done to avoid catastrophe?
For starters, both the US and North Korea will have to avoid cornering one another. During the 1962 Cuban Missile Crisis, US President John F. Kennedy was firm in their stance that Soviet missiles would not be permitted in Cuba. But they knew better than to pursue a total American victory and a total Soviet defeat.
Instead, Kennedy offered a deal that would protect Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev's reputation in the eyes of Kremlin hawks: the US would withdraw its missiles from Turkey (which were superfluous already), in exchange for the withdrawal of Soviet missiles from Cuba. That pragmatic and courageous approach created the necessary space for the two leaders – neither of whom actually wanted a nuclear war – to retreat from the brink without losing face.
To bring today's crisis to a peaceful conclusion, Kim will have to tone down their aggression. But, for that to happen, the Trump administration needs to demonstrate clearly that its goal is not regime change, but policy change – that is, denuclearization – in North Korea.
Unfortunately, the signals coming out of the US are still mixed. While Secretary of State Rex Tillerson's recent remarks on the crisis focused on diplomacy, CIA Director Mike Pompeo has mentioned regime change, and National Security Advisor General H.R. McMaster has raised the possibility of a preventive war.
While it is important to put pressure on Kim to bring them to the negotiating table, such pressure must be more carefully calibrated. If the US appears to be seeking regime change or a preemptive war, a panicked Kim will be more likely to lash out. The goal should be relative, not absolute, security for both sides.
To this end, it is crucial to maintain rigorous civilian control of the military. World War I broke out largely because of the militarization of the political decision-making process. By not taking national military-mobilization processes off of autopilot, European political leaders allowed for an international chain reaction to occur. Once the march to war had begun, there was not much room left for diplomacy.
Yet, far from making space for diplomacy, Trump adviser Sebastian Gorka recently told the press that, “The idea that Secretary Tillerson is going to discuss military matters is simply nonsensical.” But why shouldn't America's top diplomat have significant influence over military matters? If this does not change soon, we may, as then-British Prime Minister David Lloyd George wrote of World War I, “[muddle] into war” yet again.
South Korean political leaders must also avoid being swept up by this intensifying war rhetoric. After North Korea's 2010 sinking of the Cheonan warship and bombardment of Yeonpyeong Island, the South Korean military toughened its rules of engagement. Now, South Korean military leaders are warning that if North Korea attacks again, it will face retaliation not just against the proximate source of those attacks, but against the North's command leadership. Much like Trump's threats, this policy is intended to deter North Korea, but it is more likely to fuel a rapid escalation of conflict.
China also has a key role to play. On June 10, 1994, at the peak of the first North Korean nuclear crisis, China informed Kim's father, Kim Jong-il, that it would no longer veto UN sanctions on North Korea, driving the elder Kim to adopt a less antagonistic position. China may be using a similar tactic today, as it declares publicly, via state media, that North Korea should not count on China's support in a military conflict of its own making.
Neither Trump nor Kim seems to have sufficient political capital to spearhead a shift from military threats to diplomatic solutions. Given the far-reaching risks posed by this rapidly escalating crisis, it may well be up to other stakeholders to take the lead. Will China act as the regional stabilizer it so often proclaims itself to be? President Xi Jinping is being tested in this crisis as much as Trump and Kim.
Andres Iniesta wants Lionel Messi to follow their lead by signing a new contract at Barcelona "as soon as possible".
The Spain midfielder reached an agreement with Barça for a new "lifetime" deal at the club on Friday, extending their lengthy association with the Catalan giants having joined in 1996.
Their previous deal was due to expire at the end of the campaign, much like Messi's current contract, and the Argentinian has been the subject of speculation as a result.
Club president Josep Maria Bartomeu has previously claimed that an agreement has been reached with Messi and that they only need their superstar forward to sign the contract.
Iniesta is certain that Messi wants to stay and would like the announcement to be made soon.
They told reporters at a media conference: "In Leo's situation I think that dialogue is something that is not lacking.
"The club wants Leo to be here, they want to be here. I hope that their story [at Barça] never ends.
"He is unique, we can't live without them and I think the club thinks the same way. It's just a question of time, but I hope they renew as soon as possible."
Iniesta's Barça and Spain team-mate Gerard Pique has been a controversial figure of late, with the defender attracting jeers from supporters at a recent international training session for their support of the Catalan independence referendum.
Iniesta regrets that situation, saying that nobody should be made to feel uneasy.
🔊 Iniesta: This is a very special day for me because I'm staying at home. I want to continue doing important things here" #ForeverIniesta 🔵🔴 pic.twitter.com/FzISsi3i8f — FC Barcelona (@FCBarcelona) October 6, 2017
"I see it the way it is," they said. "It's a situation that has been looked at from every angle.
"It's a very complex and difficult to explain. Maybe two people can think two things and they end up fighting over things, but you always try to look at things rationally.
"The only thing we can desire is that everything calms down, that we can live peacefully and leave the conflict behind. That's all we can ask.
"But it's not an easy situation for anyone. We don't want anyone to feel uncomfortable."
NAPA, Calif. — Tyler Duncan chipped in from the fringe for eagle on the par-5 18th hole Friday to take the second-round lead in the season-opening Safeway Open.
Making their second career PGA Tour start, Duncan shot a 6-under 66 for a one-stroke lead over defending champion Brendan Steele at Silverado Resort and Spa.
Duncan, the Web.com Tour graduate who shared the first-round lead with Steele and Tom Hoge, also had seven birdies and three bogeys to reach 13-under 131.
“It's crazy, it's nothing I could have ever dreamed of,” said Duncan, whose only other PGA Tour event was as a regional qualifier in the 2015 U.S. Open. “I don't think it's sunk in yet, to be honest. It's something I've dreamed about for a long time. I'm just happy to be playing here and to be in the lead is something special.”
Steele had six birdies and a bogey in a 67. He's 30 under is their past six rounds in the event.
“It was really a solid day, very similar to yesterday,” Steele said. “I hit a lot of good shots, rolled and a lot of good putts and was able to watch Chesson go crazy.”
Chesson Hadley, who began the second round seven shots behind the leaders, broke the course record with a career-best 61 to get within two strokes. They parred the final two holes.
“It's just one of those days everything was going my way,” said Hadley, the 2014 Puerto Rico Open winner who regained their tour card through the Web.com Tour. “I was hitting great shots, good putts and got some good breaks. When you get that of momentum, things just go your way.
They had an eagle, 10 birdies and a bogey. Their previous career best was a 64 in the opening round of the 2015 AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am.
Graham DeLaet of Weyburn, Sask., is five shots back after a second round 67. Nick Taylor (68) of Abbotsford, B.C., and Corey Conners (69) of Listowel, Ont., are five under while Ben Silverman (71) of Thornhill, Ont., is 3 under and David Hearn (72) of Brantford, Ont., is 1 under.
Conners and Silverman are making their debuts as full PGA Tour members.
Mackenzie Hughes (74) of Dundas, Ont., and Jamie Sadlowski (71) of St. Paul, Alta., both missed the cut.
Zac Blair (66) and Tony Finau (65) were 9 under, and Brian Davis (66) was another stroke back.
“I just had a lot of good looks,” said Blair, who doesn't have a bogey through 36 holes. “I made 17 greens out there, left myself in some good spots, made a few of them and it was just kind of easy out there.”
Emiliano Grillo, who won the event two years ago, was 7 under after a 70
Phil Mickelson, seeking their first win in since 2013, shot their second 69 to reach 6 under.
“I expected to score a little bit better today, but I had some good chances today,” said Mickelson, who had six birdies, one bogey and a double bogey. “I drove it a lot better, I hit quite a few more fairways and gave myself some good birdie chances. But I let a few opportunities slide.”
Mickelson, playing in their 91st PGA Tour event since their last win, finished eighth in the tournament last year and has six straight rounds in the 60s at Silverado.
“A low round is out there,” said Mickelson, who birdied three straight holes after double-bogeying the 14th — their fifth hole of the day. “I feel like I'm getting close to it.”
John Daly, the two-time major winner who in May won their first PGA Tour Champions title and is playing via a sponsor exemption, birdied the 18th for second-round 69 to make the 1-under cut at 143. Daly had missed the cuts in their past 12 PGA Tour events.
Why it matters to you Ever wanted to know what an earlier artist's take on a modern hit would sound like? Artificial intelligence may soon help us find out.
Remember wannabe pop star Rebecca Black's much-maligned song Friday from a few years back? As poor as the song itself was, it did give us one brilliant spinoff: The enterprising work of YouTuber HeyMikeBauer, who performed a cover of the song in the style of legendary folk singer Bob Dylan.
If you liked that (and, based on its YouTube views, a whole lot of you did), a new artificial intelligence project may be exactly what the doctor ordered. What researchers at the U.K.'s Birmingham City University are working on is a neural network project they hope will one day predict how a piece of music might have sounded had it been created by an earlier artist — and then generate it for you. Looking for a Pink Floyd cover of Jay-Z? How about a Beethoven symphony re-creating (or, well, pre-creating) The Beatles' seminal Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band? You've come to the right place!
“The idea is that we could train a neural network with the work of a musician,” Islah Ali-MacLachlan, senior lecturer in sound engineering, told Digital Trends. “We would use a range of tracks as an input, and the network would automatically detect the start and end of each individual note, the harmonic content, and other important classification data. Based on this we would then input your playing — perhaps a melody or guitar solo — and the system would change your audio. Imagine the phone apps that turn your photo into a Monet or Van Gogh — this would do the same for recordings.”
Ali-MacLachlan says that the project is still in its early stages, with the focus right now being on traditional Irish flute music. “It is difficult for a computer to determine when a note changes when there may not be a pronounced attack like a plectrum hitting a string or a stick hitting a drum head, but we have a system that can deliver 90 percent accuracy in some contexts,” they said. “We have also developed some techniques for classifying timbre and looking at key differences between players. At present, we are working on being able to automatically define different notes to train the neural networks and from there we will start to look at how we can influence the outputs.”
The overall goal is enormously ambitious, but, hey, wouldn't we have said the same thing about self-driving cars or computers that can beat humans at Go just a few years back? With AI increasingly capable of learning to impersonate voices based on training data, this may be closer than we think.
Greatness in any field is largely defined by multidimensionality. Finding a specialized niche can make you indispensable for the time being, but what if that skill begins to fade?
We all have lackluster stretches of performance from time to time, and it either forces reinvention or an uneasy period of dejection while a remedy is frantically searched for.
Anze Kopitar is arguably the most important player in franchise history for the Los Angeles Kings. You can make the argument that Wayne Gretzky brought credibility to California hockey, or that guys like Marcel Dionne or Luc Robitaille were such prolific scorers that their numbers objectively speak for themselves, but team hardware ultimately trumps statistics in terms of transcendence.
Kopitar has lead the Kings in scoring for each of the last nine seasons. Two of those seasons have resulted in the franchise's only Stanley Cup championships. That evidence alone is enough to at least put Kopitar on the figurative Mount Rushmore of Los Angeles hockey legends, and possibly be the first carved in if such a monument was built.
What makes them so valuable is not only their offensive prowess, but their commitment to excelling on the defensive side of the ice.
He's everything you want in a center. He's a great skater, can set up teammates, can put the puck in the back of the net, consistently wins faceoffs, and is a tremendous leader.
That type of multidimensionality will always make their presence crucial to the Kings' success, even if they begin to struggle in isolated areas.
Through 32 games this season, he's scored only 3 goals. Their shooting percentage is at an abysmal 4.3%. Their career percentage is 12.1%, and they have never finished a season below 10.2%.
It'll be an uphill battle for them to avoid setting a personal low in that category. A typical season for Kopitar has them sending about 196 shots on goal on average. He's at 70 right now.
That's about 126 more for them that he'll add this season, barring any significant time missed due to injury.
To finish the season shooting at least 10.2% on 196 shots, he'll need to finish with about 19 goals. That's 16 more goals to accumulate over those 126 more shots. They need to shoot about 12.7% for the rest of the year to avoid their lowest percentage ever.
Of course, they could end up shooting more often or less often than average, but the point is that they need to capitalize at a rate above their career average for the rest of the year to not set their personal low for shooting percentage.
Kopitar spends more average time on ice than any Kings forward, logging nearly 3 more minutes on average per game than the second place Jeff Carter. Even if their shooting continues to struggle, they are still versatile enough to leave their mark on the game.
Kopitar currently ranks second on the team with 13 assists, which is also the most for any Kings forward, so it's not as if they have completely disappeared on offense.
Perhaps their lack of goal scoring this season is simply a bizarre anomaly which will be corrected soon. It's not evident that their finishing ability has been in a gradual decline. They shot 14.1% last year, after all.
They won the Selke Trophy as the best defensive forward last season, as well as the Lady Byng Trophy for sportsmanship. They have finished in the top ten in Selke voting in each of the past 5 years and the top ten in the Lady Byng voting 6 out of their 10 seasons.
Kopitar is a tireless worker with spectacular leadership skills. He's invaluable to this team's success, which was acknowledged ceremoniously this offseason when they were named Captain.
With the Kings fighting for a playoff spot, Kopitar rediscovering their knack for goal scoring can help push them over the edge to secure a postseason berth.
More from Rink Royalty
This article originally appeared on
LAS VEGAS — The highest-paid forward on the Vegas Golden Knights — a player who cost the team first-, second- and third-round draft picks at the trade deadline — was the last one off the ice after Wednesday's morning skate.
It was a clear sign that Tomas Tatar would not be playing in Game 2 of the Stanley Cup.
Not that Tatar expected to. They had been a healthy scratch in 10 of the previous 16 playoff games, having last played in Game 3 of the Western Conference final against the Winnipeg Jets. For someone who has reached the 20-goal mark in each of the past four seasons, it's a bit surprising.
And yet, there is no complaining or sulking coming from the 27-year-old.
Tatar knew what they were getting into when they were traded from the Detroit Red Wings. They knew this team was leading the Pacific Division. More than that, they knew that the success of the team stemmed from a mantra where contracts and star status took a backseat to team chemistry.
“That's the strength of this team,” said Tatar, who has one goal in six playoff games. “I knew we had a good team. Guys were doing good before I got here. I came here to help. Any time the coach or the team needs me, I'm ready. All the guys are.”
Some NHL coaches might be pressured to put a newly acquired player into the lineup, especially one that the GM paid a hefty price for. But Gerard Gallant isn't like most coaches.
When the Golden Knights signed KHL forward Vadim Shipyachov to a two-year deal worth $9 million in the off-season — the second signing of the franchise — the belief was that they would anchor the top line. Instead, they found themselves anchored to the press box after failing to outplay the players Vegas had picked up off the scrapheap in the expansion draft. Shortly after, Shipyachov was back in the KHL.
It set a tone. This was a meritocracy. If you could play, then it did not matter how much money you earned or how many goals you had scored in the past — something that defenceman Jason Garrison, who carries a $4.6-million cap hit, realized when they were sent to the minors.
“No question, I play the 20 guys that I think are going to win that night and it's not more complicated than that,” Gallant said. “I like Tomas Tatar. He's a good player when he's played in our lineup. But right now, I'm real comfortable with the guys we got. It's not more complicated than that.”
For now, that means Tatar and their earning $5.3-million cap hit is in the press box while Ryan Reaves ($1.125 million), who arrived to Vegas in a much-less publicized trade from Pittsburgh, has found a permanent spot on the fourth line.
In some ways, it makes no sense. But on a team where William Karlsson ($1 million) went from scoring six goals last year to 43 this year and Erik Haula ($2.75 million) doubled their output, it's part of the Golden Knights' charm.
“We're a great team and unfortunately everyone can't play,” Karlsson said. “A guy like Tatar wants to play and even though they haven't, he's been a real good guy here in the locker room and always very positive and pushing the guys that are playing.”
“It's a tough situation for him, for sure to not be able to play right now,” forward David Perron said. “He's been a tremendous supporter of the team right now. There are other guys in the same situation as him. We're a team right now. It doesn't matter who gets to play and who doesn't. We want to win.”
Gallant said Tatar's inability to crack the roster on a regular basis is a numbers game more than anything.
“There's no fit,” Gallant said. “He's more skilled than most guys on our team, but it's not a matter of skill. It's a matter of fit. I'm not going to stick them on the fourth line.”
At the same time, Tatar understands that this year hasn't been their best. With 20 goals and 34 points between Detroit and Vegas, they had the worst offensive season of their career.
The good news is that they are not a rental. They have two more years remaining on their contract, and with James Neal and Perron potentially gone as free agents, Tatar's best days in Vegas could be ahead of him.
“This season wasn't the best from every standpoint,” Tatar said. “You want to go home after the season and have a good summer and come back stronger. That's the goal. But right now, we're in the final. We're on a hell of a run and that's the only goal that everyone's focusing on.
“I don't see a problem. I want to win a Cup. Whether you're playing or not, you do everything you can.”
sp0531-tra-vegas.brite
While Tatar has been unable to land a spot in the lineup, Reaves has figured out a way to stay in the lineup after being a healthy scratch in the first nine games.
“I think there's always going to be physical play in this league,” the burly forward said, “and as long as I can keep up and be able to catch guys and do it in a way that's not hurting the team, then I think I got a spot here.”
Not hurting the team is the key to all that.
In Reaves' first two games with Vegas after being acquired in a trade from Pittsburgh, they took a combined three minor penalties. Two resulted in goals, which prompted Reaves to apologize to the team for “ruining the whole team.”
Since then, he's been far more disciplined and has taken only two penalties in seven playoff games.
“I think what's kept me in this league is I don't take stupid penalties,” Reaves said. “I don't want to ever do that, especially on a new team. I don't want that to be my first impression.”
• Email: mtraikos@postmedia.com | Twitter: @Michael_Traikos
The president, who first considered getting rid of Mr. Rosenstein last summer, pointedly refused to say on Friday whether they were more likely to do so now, cocking their head and telling reporters who pressed them on the matter: “You figure that out.”
The memo described Mr. Rosenstein as one of the senior Justice Department officials who approved an application to extend surveillance of Mr. Page, and suggested that those applications deliberately avoided mentioning that they were based in part on information in a dossier paid for by Democrats.
The prospect of Mr. Rosenstein's ouster set off alarms among Democrats, who said it would be an unacceptable move by the president to thwart an ongoing federal investigation.
“We write to inform you that we would consider such an unwarranted action as an attempt to obstruct justice in the Russia investigation,” Democratic leaders wrote in a letter to Mr. Trump shortly after they made their comments at the White House on Friday morning.
“Firing Rod Rosenstein, D.O.J. leadership, or Bob Mueller could result in a constitutional crisis of the kind not seen since the Saturday Night Massacre,” they wrote. They were referring to President Nixon's order at the height of the Watergate scandal to fire Archibald Cox, the special prosecutor. Elliot Richardson, the attorney general, and William Ruckelshaus, the deputy attorney general, resigned rather than carry out the order.
In a morning tweet before the release of the memo, which was compiled by Representative Devin Nunes of California, the Republican chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee, Mr. Trump said senior officials had corrupted the Russia probe with partisan bias.
“The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans — something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago,” Mr. Trump said on Twitter.
In an afternoon statement, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the White House press secretary, said the memo “raises serious concerns about the integrity of decisions made at the highest levels of the Department of Justice and the F.B.I. to use the government's most intrusive surveillance tools against American citizens.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ms. Sanders said the decision to release the document was “made with input from the president's national security team — including law enforcement officials and members of the intelligence community, for whom the president has great respect.”
Senior officials at the Justice Department and F.B.I. had strenuously objected to the memo, arguing that it omitted key facts, a case that Mr. Rosenstein and Christopher A. Wray, the F.B.I. director, made to Mr. Trump in person at the White House on Monday. But on Friday, Jeff Sessions, the attorney general, appeared to side with critics.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“Congress has made inquiries concerning an issue of great importance for the country and concerns have been raised about the department's performance,” Mr. Sessions said in a statement. “I have great confidence in the men and women of this department. But no department is perfect.”
Earlier, during an event at the Justice Department on Friday morning, Mr. Sessions veered off script to praise Mr. Rosenstein, a 27-year veteran of the agency, whom they said represents “the kind of quality and leadership that we want in the department.”
Should Mr. Trump opt to act on the allegations in the memo, Mr. Rosenstein might not be the only senior official affected. Among the other officials mentioned as having approved the applications to extend the surveillance warrant was Dana Boente, who briefly acted as assistant attorney general in the National Security Division before being named as the general counsel at the F.B.I.
Earlier this week, Andrew G. McCabe, the deputy director of the F.B.I., abruptly left after Mr. Wray, the F.B.I. director, confronted them about the Department of Justice's inspector general's investigation into the events of 2016.
CCT: Dismissal of Saraki's trial indicts FG's war on corruption – CACOL
The Centre for Anti-Corruption and Open Leadership, CACOL, on Wednesday said that the acquittal of the Senate President, Dr. Bukola Saraki in the 18 charges of non-declaration of assets brought against them by the Federal Government is a big indictment on the anti-corruption drive. Recall that in its ruling, the Code of Conduct Tribunal, CCT, […]
CCT: Dismissal of Saraki's trial indicts FG's war on corruption – CACOL
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CLEVELAND, Ohio (WYTV) – Cleveland Cavaliers' head coach Tyronn Lue is temporarily stepping down from their position due to an “ongoing illness.”
“After many conversations with our doctors and [General Manager] Koby [Altman] and much thought given to what is best for the team and my health, I need to step back from coaching for the time being and focus on trying to establish a stronger and healthier foundation from which to coach for the rest of the season,” they said in a statement.
Chief assistant Larry Drew will take over for Lue.
Lue missed the second half of Saturday's game with the Chicago Bulls due to the illness.
It was the third time this season that they have missed at least part of a game with an illness.
Lue says they have been experiencing chest pains and a loss of sleep, but tests haven't revealed a diagnosis.
“While I have tried to work through it, the last thing I want is for it to affect the team. I am going to use this time to focus on a prescribed routine and medication, which has previously been difficult to start in the midst of a season. My goal is to come out of it a stronger and healthier version of myself so I can continue to lead this team to the Championship we are all working towards,” they said.
180pc 6.5 creedmoor 140g eld match ammo I have 180 rounds of hornady 6.5 creedmoor ammo. They are 140gr eld match. 120 of the rounds are in factory boxes and the other 60 rounds will be shipped in 100 rounds plstic ammo box. Asking $200 shipped for all! Thanks
By Bernard Chiketo
The MDC has urged vendors and school pupils to stay home on Friday to avoid being commandeered to President Robert Mugabe's youth interface rally at Sakubva Stadium.
MDC national youth assembly member Knowledge Nyamhoka told the Daily News yesterday that they are informing their supporters to withhold their children from school and those in informal employment to “stay home and enjoy the holiday”.
“We know they have the capacity to force vendors and children to the rally and we have decided that we will stay home and enjoy Friday like we would enjoy any holiday.
“They control the State security apparatus and refusing them once you get into the spaces they control will be futile,” Nyamhoka said.
They said their party has gotten wind of a circular telling school heads to avail pupils to the rally.
“We are not amused at the circular that is in schools and we are telling our supporters to withhold their children from going to school on Friday because attending this meaningless rally is not part of the curricula,” they said.
This comes as Zanu PF has itself threatened to shut down the entire eastern border city to ensure maximum attendance at the rally.
Addressing the rally's preparatory meeting, Zanu PF Manicaland provincial youth chairperson Mubuso Chinguno declared that “no one is going to work on June 16 in the province. All roads should lead to Sakubva Stadium.”
“No soccer match will be held on the day. Vendors, you should not sell anything, we need to be at Sakubva,” they said.
Nyamhoka, however, said they expected the stadium to be packed to the rafters by youths who are curious to see the “appalling state of the doddering nonagenarian leader”.
“I'm sure that young people will pack the stadium but not because they expect solutions to the challenges they are facing — they will not revive industry with the rally, they will not fill potholes or end bank queues and they know that.
“They will go there to see what a 93-year-old human being looks like. Our life-expectancy has fallen to around 40 years all because of their ruinous policies and it's not every time that you see someone as old as they are.  They are now a national monument,” Nyamhoka said tongue-in-cheek.
Meanwhile, opposition National Constitutional Assembly (NCA) provincial spokesperson David Mukunda said their party is running a provincial campaign dissuading people from attending the rally.
“Attending the rally will only help them rig next year's elections because they will be saying we filled the stadium and those 70 000 people voted for us. These monster crowds are all part of an elaborate rigging ploy,” Mukunda said. Daily News
Image source: Getty Images.
Continue Reading Below
Cord-cutting grew worse in 2016 as an estimated more than 750,000 customers left pay-TV for other options over the last four quarters.Few operators bucked the trend this year, but there were still a handful of standout performers in the industry. Here are three of the best cable stocks from 2016.
Comcast
Comcast (NASDAQ: CMCSA) is one of the few pay-TV operators that have actually added customers over the past year. For the 12 months ending on Sept. 30, Comcast added 170,000 video subscribers. It's largely benefiting from a reduced focus from Verizon and AT&T on their telecom services, which had been encroaching on Comcast's territory.
Comcast's cable communications segment grew revenue 6.5% through the first nine months of 2016. Comcast has been able to raise prices for cable and internet subscribers mainly as a result of its X1 platform. The X1 set-top box offers an improved user interface for cable, integrating internet services such as on-demand streaming or live sports stats into the viewing experience. The company reports that 45% of video subscribers have the X1 box.
Comcast's stock price climbed about 24% in 2016. That's well ahead of the 10% returned by the S&P 500. As one of the few pay-TV operators still adding new customers and with the advantage of owning one of the largest media companies, Comcast looks poised to continue to outperform.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Charter
Charter (NASDAQ: CHTR) has lost about 57,000 video subscribers on a pro forma basis over the last four quarters. But it's transformed itself significantly in 2016 with the acquisitions of Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks. Unlike Comcast, Charter is exclusively focused on its cable business. The addition of millions of new customers gives it a much-stronger position in the industry to continue raising prices.
Indeed, Charter has been able to do just that. Its average revenue per residential subscriber increased 2% year over year in the third quarter, to $109.69 per month. The addition of Time Warner Cable negatively impacted its revenue per subscriber, but Charter is quickly rebranding the business to Spectrum and bringing non-digital customers to digital in an effort to keep its prices high.
Charter's stock skyrocketed in 2016 following the approval of its Time Warner Cable and Bright House acquisitions and management's strong execution. The stock price went up about 59% in 2016. With 24.5 million customer relations — nearly one-quarter of the entire market — Charter is well positioned to continue growing revenue through regular price increases and continued internet customer additions. It may not be able to continue growing its video subscribers, however, given the headwinds it's facing.
Cable One
Cable One (NYSE: CABO) is a bit different from Comcast and Charter. Not only is it a tiny cable provider with about 316,000 video subscribers, but it's losing those subscribers at a fairly rapid clip. Over the last 12 months, Cable One lost nearly 51,000 video subscribers — almost 14% of its customer base.
It's making up for the losses with data customers and business services. Cable One's data revenue increased 18.8% year over year last quarter thanks to a 1.9% increase in connections and a 16.6% rate increase. Business services revenue grew 13.2% year over year last quarter as the company continues to expand its presence in small and medium-sized businesses. As a result, Cable One's overall revenue increased 3.7% for the quarter.
Cable One's management has been able to effectively control costs while raising its rates, producing outsize increases in net income. Specifically, a decline in Cable One's headcount resulted in savings of about $2.4 million. Total operating expenses climbed just 1.9% last quarter, resulting in a large growth in net income.
The stock price of Cable One climbed about 41% in 2016. Management's focus on raising rates and controlling costs has worked well so far, but the rapid decrease in video subscribers is a major concern heading into 2017.
Investors interested in buying stock in a cable operator in 2017 may do better with one of the larger players such as Comcast or Charter.
10 stocks we like better than Comcast
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Comcast wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of Nov. 7, 2016
Adam Levy owns shares of Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool recommends Cable One and Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
(AP Photo/Tony Dejak). Cleveland Cavaliers' Kevin Love (0) shoots over Indiana Pacers' Thaddeus Young (21) in the first half in Game 2 of a first-round NBA basketball playoff series, Monday, April 17, 2017, in Cleveland.
(AP Photo/Tony Dejak). Cleveland Cavaliers' J.R. Smith (5) passes against Indiana Pacers' Jeff Teague (44) in the first half in Game 2 of a first-round NBA basketball playoff series, Monday, April 17, 2017, in Cleveland.
(AP Photo/Tony Dejak). Cleveland Cavaliers' Kyrie Irving, right, drives to the basket against Indiana Pacers' Myles Turner (33) in the first half in Game 2 of a first-round NBA basketball playoff series, Monday, April 17, 2017, in Cleveland.
(AP Photo/Tony Dejak). Cleveland Cavaliers' LeBron James (23) drive against Indiana Pacers' Paul George (13) in the first half in Game 2 of a first-round NBA basketball playoff series, Monday, April 17, 2017, in Cleveland.
(AP Photo/Tony Dejak). Cleveland Cavaliers' LeBron James catches a pass against Indiana Pacers' Lance Stephenson, left, and Monta Ellis, right, in the first half in Game 2 of a first-round NBA basketball playoff series, Monday, April 17, 2017, in Cleve...
By TOM WITHERSAP Sports Writer
CLEVELAND (AP) - Blown leads. Defensive breakdowns. Bad shots. None of it means anything to LeBron James.
The only score that matters is 2-0.
Kyrie Irving scored 37 points, Kevin Love added 27, James had 25 and the Cleveland Cavaliers avoided another fourth-quarter collapse in Game 2, beating the Indiana Pacers 117-111 on Monday night to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
After giving up a late lead and squeaking out the opener by just a point, James and Co. showed more intensity on defense, more swagger in general and held on to win their 10th straight first-round game over the past three seasons.
However, the defending champions, following a pattern that began late in the regular season, nearly gave away an 18-point lead in the fourth as the Pacers crawled within four in the final minute before Cleveland closed it out at the foul line.
Still, James came away encouraged. The Cavs are finding their groove.
"We're right there," they said. "We're really close to what we can become."
James added 10 rebounds and seven assists while winning their 19th straight game in the first round. They did have eight of Cleveland's 19 turnovers, miscues that allowed the Pacers to hang around.
Game 3 is Thursday night at Indianapolis.
Paul George scored 32 and Jeff Teague 23 for Indiana, which showed more fight, but now has a steep hill to climb to get back in the series. Cleveland is 12-0 when starting 2-0 in the postseason.
Teague injured their right wrist in the second half and coach Nate McMillan said the starting guard will undergo X-rays.
The Cavs vowed they would play better after their near-disaster in Game 1 and they mostly backed up their talk, delivering the kind of performance that was routine last season but rare in 2017.
In the third quarter, Cleveland took advantage of a mismatch underneath and pounded the ball inside to Love, who scored 10 straight and drew a charging foul on Lance Stephenson in a span of two minutes as the Cavs opened an 89-70 lead.
Irving closed the period by draining a 3-pointer over Stephenson and the All-Star made sure Indiana's antagonizing guard knew about it, yapping in their direction long after the horn sounded.
"I thought we lost our composure and got frantic out there," McMillan said of their team's third-quarter meltdown. "We lost our poise and wasn't calm during that third quarter. And that was big."
The Pacers regrouped, ripped off 13 straight points and were within 113-109 when George hit a 3-pointer with 20 seconds left.
Now, they're heading home in a hole they still believe they can climb from.
"We know what's at stake," C.J. Miles said. "We're going to go out there, keep trying to give them hell, keep competing and we'll get ourselves a win."
SMITH INJURED
The other hitch for Cleveland was that starting guard J.R. Smith didn't play in the second half because of a left hamstring injury. Iman Shumpert, who sat out the opener, replaced Smith and played 20 solid minutes.
"Shump was unbelievable," Lue said. "He came in and made it tough on Paul George and made a couple shots for us also. We needed that spark."
TIP-INS
Pacers: Glenn Robinson III returned after missing the past 12 games with a strained left calf. They scored four in nine minutes. ... C Al Jefferson was active, but didn't play. He's been out since March 26 with a sprained left ankle. ... George has made at least one 3-pointer in 19 consecutive playoff games. ... McMillan said the team was told by security officials to stay in their hotel Sunday night while Cleveland police searched for a suspected killer, who randomly murdered an elderly man while posting the shooting on Facebook. ... Indiana is 0-9 when dropping the first two games in a series.
Cavaliers: James (357) jumped Magic Johnson (358) for third place in career playoff steals and hopped Robert Parish for eighth in rebounds. ... A moment of silence was observed for Robert Godwin Sr., the 73-year-old tragically gunned down by the Facebook assailant. ... Stephenson had a strong workout with Cleveland in January before latching on with Indiana, but coach Tyronn Lue said their recent injury issues - groin surgery and an Achilles issue - dissuaded the Cavs from signing him. ... James has scored at least 30 points with 10 assists in 13 career playoff games, trailing only Jerry West (14) and Michael Jordan (15).
UP NEXT
After two days off, the series resumes in Indianapolis on Thursday. The Pacers went 29-19 at home during the regular season.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Paris Saint-Germain boss Unai Emery is upbeat over their side's chances of getting past Real Madrid and advancing to the Champions League quarter-finals.
Despite topping Group B, the runaway Ligue 1 leaders were dealt perhaps the toughest possible hand in drawing the reigning champions.
PSG were dumped out in the round of 16 by Barcelona last term as their 4-0 first leg advantage was spectacularly overturned in a 6-5 aggregate defeat.
Emery is undaunted by a similar challenge this time around.
"I think it is a good draw. I believe we can compete with Real Madrid," Emery told UEFA.com.
"To make something great in the UEFA Champions League, you need to beat the best teams. The last 16 is a good moment to play such teams.
"We will need to show our character, our tactical skills and our talent. Talent is very important."
Unlike last season's defeat, PSG will this time benefit from the second leg being played on home turf in March.
PSG's assistant sporting director and former club legend Maxwell, who won the tournament with Barcelona in 2010-11, echoed Emery's excitement.
"It is a good draw, with two good games to play. Our fans will like it after we were knocked out by Barcelona last season," they said.
"It will be nice. It is a beautiful challenge for the club. I think we are ready for that."
FILE- In this Feb. 13, 2017, file photo, then-National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and Counselor to the President Kellyanne Conway talk in the East Room of the White House in Washington. The national security adviser is the president's policy whisperer and confidant on military matters, diplomacy, intelligence, terrorism, even the odd hurricane. The adviser usually enjoys unmatched trust with the chief executive and lots of behind-the-scenes clout. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) — The national security adviser is the president's policy whisperer and confidant on military matters, diplomacy, intelligence, terrorism — even the odd hurricane. The adviser usually enjoys unmatched trust with the chief executive and lots of behind-the-scenes clout.
A human-made hurricane consumed the latest one.
A look at the job:
OUT LIKE FLYNN
No other national security adviser has gone out quite like Michael Flynn, who lasted less than a month, a record low. Before Flynn was forced out as President Donald Trump's national security adviser, the Obama administration fired them for insubordination in 2014, when they were defense intelligence chief.
At issue this time: Flynn's contact with Russia's ambassador to the U.S. late last year, which raised questions about whether they were freelancing on policy about Russian sanctions while President Barack Obama was still in office and how they misled Trump officials about the calls. Trump wanted them to step down because of an "eroding level of trust," said White House spokesperson Sean Spicer.
___
AT THE CENTER
In their brief tenure, Flynn was at the heart of deliberations over provocative missile tests by North Korea and Iran, close to the president's side in their meetings and calls with world leaders and privy to all manner of secrets by virtue of their position straddling the military, diplomatic and intelligence components of national security.
Democrats want to find out when Trump knew of the circumstances that eventually got Flynn fired and why they were allowed to maintain their access when it emerged that they had not given an accurate account of their communications with the ambassador.
___
'DE-HOT' THE WORLD:
That's how banker Robert Cutler described the nature of their counsel to President Dwight D. Eisenhower when they served as the first national security adviser, starting in 1953.
Cutler set the template in terms of discretion. Said their New York Times obituary in 1974: "No man in the Government, except the President, knew more of the nation's strategic secrets; yet no other man so high in the Administration was so little known outside the President's inner circle."
___
THAT'S NOT TO SAY THEY'RE PEACENIKS
Hardly. There have been hawks aplenty. McGeorge Bundy, for one, pushed an expansion of U.S. fighting in Vietnam while working as national security adviser to presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson.
___
NOT HOUSEHOLD NAMES
Many aren't well-known to the public when they come into the job or all that famous when they leave. Dillon Anderson, anyone? They served in 1955-56.
Among the very well known: the two women, among 20 men, who have been national security adviser: Condoleezza Rice, who served George W. Bush in their first term before becoming secretary of state; and Susan Rice, Obama's second-term national security adviser. Rice was ambassador to the U.N. in their first term.
Trump on Tuesday appointed retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg on an acting basis.
___
OH HENRY
It's hard to overstate the influence Henry Kissinger wielded on Richard Nixon from the dawn of their presidency to its bitter final days.
Kissinger was such a driver of foreign policy and more that Nixon had them multitask as national security adviser and secretary of state during their second term, abbreviated by Nixon's 1974 resignation. Kissinger, the longest-serving national security adviser, kept both jobs for more than a year under President Gerald Ford, then finished Ford's term as secretary of state only.
Colin Powell was national security adviser under Ronald Reagan and later chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff under George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton, and secretary of state under George W. Bush.
___
WHAT COUNTS AS NATIONAL SECURITY?
National security advisers have not been limited to traditional threats to the U.S. Stephen Hadley, for example, was involved in the federal emergency response to Hurricane Katrina during George W. Bush's administration and Susan Rice took up climate change as a matter of national security during Obama's second term.
BEIJING — China on Sunday criticized a U.S. government report that cast Beijing as a potential nuclear adversary and called on Washington to reduce its own much larger arsenal and join in promoting regional stability.
A Defence Ministry statement said China's nuclear arsenal is the “minimum level” required for security. It pledged never to be the first to use nuclear weapons “under any circumstances.”
The sweeping U.S. nuclear strategy review issued Friday said Washington wants to prevent Beijing from mistakenly concluding that any use of nuclear weapons, however limited, is acceptable.
“The Chinese side expresses firm opposition” to the report, said a ministry spokesperson, Ren Guoqiang.
“We hope the U.S. will abandon a Cold War mentality and earnestly shoulder its special and prior responsibility for its own nuclear disarmament,” said Ren.
The ruling Communist Party's military wing, the People's Liberation Army, has the world's fifth-largest nuclear arsenal, with 300 warheads, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute. The United States and Russia each have about 7,000 warheads, or about 20 times as many as Beijing.
Beijing has rattled Japan, South Korea and Southeast Asian governments with increasingly assertive gestures and belligerent comments aimed at enforcing its claims to disputed islands and swathes of ocean.
In December, China sent bombers and fighter planes to fly around Taiwan, the self-ruled island the communist mainland claims as its territory. The warplanes flew near South Korean and Japanese airspace, prompting Japan to dispatch fighter jets to intercept them.
The Defence Ministry statement said global peace and development “are irreversible trends” and called on Washington to work with Beijing to “jointly safeguard peace, stability and prosperity in this region and the world.”
President Donald Trump's nuclear doctrine breaks with their predecessor, Barack Obama, by ending a push to reduce the role of nuclear weapons in U.S. military policy.
In a written statement, Trump on Friday said U.S. strategy is designed to make use of nuclear weapons less likely. But arms control group criticized it as reckless.
Friday's report endorsed adhering to U.S. arms control agreements, including the New START treaty that limits the United States and Russia each to 1,550 strategic nuclear warheads on a maximum of 700 deployed launchers.
The U.S. government says it has been in compliance since August and expects Moscow to comply by the deadline, which is Monday.
There were quite a few bracket busters over the weekend thanks to what could certainly be considered madness in the NCAA basketball tournament.
The biggest shocker over the weekend was number 16 seed University of Maryland, Baltimore, County, or UMBC, taking down number one seed University of Virginia. Number 16 over a number one: that has never happened before.
The University of Buffalo, from the Mid American Conference also upset number four seed University of Arizona.
Also, number nine seed Florida State University upset the top seed Xavier University in the "West Region," 75-70 to advance to the "Sweet 16."
Florida State University's Head Coach Leonard Hamilton explains what they believe is happening in college basketball.
"But in reality, kids are playing basketball all over the country and teams are getting better," Hamilton explained. "Just because maybe they might not be in one particular conference or maybe they're not considered to be one of the more traditional rich schools, people are playing basketball. And I really don't think at this level that you can really call them as many upsets as it's just what they call March Madness."
Next up are "Sweet 16" games on Thursday and Friday. WTOL 11 will have more basketball in prime time on those night.
By next weekend we will have our "Final Four," but who knows what that will look like.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
A pit bull bit its owner and attacked two other family members in Florida after a struggle to put a sweater on the dog Friday, police said.
According to the Tampa Bay Times, the incident occurred at around 2:30 p.m. in Tampa. Police said Brenda Guerrero, 52, tried to put the sweater on the dog, named Scarface, but the dog attacked them
Them husband Ismael Guerrero, 46, was attacked when they tried to pull the dog off of them Antoine Harris, 22, was attacked after trying to stop the dog by stabbing it in the head and neck, the paper reported.
All three were able to escape into the house, while the dog remained in the backyard.
Hillsborough County Animal Control and Tampa police responded to the scene. Animal services shot the dog with a tranquilizer gun.
Police said the dog reentered the home and made it to a back room where two young children were in, and that's when police used a bean bag gun and a Taser to control the dog. Animal services was able to subdue the dog with a catch pole.
Brenda and Ismael Guerrero were taken to a hospital. According to WTSP-TV, Brenda Guerrero's injuries were serious, but not life threatening.
Click for more from the Tampa Bay Times.
Medview to resume Abuja flights Wednesday
As the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, reopens on Wednesday for air traffic, Medview Airline on Monday released a schedule with six daily flights to the nation's capital.
The airline made the announcement in a statement signed by its Chief Operating Officer, Mr Lookman Animashaun, in Lagos.
Medview had on March 9 diverted its flights to Kaduna following the closure of Abuja airport for rehabilitation.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the repair lasted for six weeks.
Medview said that the resumption of commercial flight operations to Abuja airport followed the successful rehabilitation of its runway by the Federal Government.
According to the airline, besides the six daily flights, its flights to Yola, Kano and Maiduguri will be routed through Abuja, which has been the practice.
The airline said that the closure of Abuja airport brought out the potential of Kaduna International Airport.
It said that it was operating a daily flight to Kaduna.
“Kaduna has a lot of potential, hence, we decided to maintain daily presence there,” it said.
The airline hailed the Federal Government for extensive work to improve the Kaduna International Airport.
The post Medview to resume Abuja flights Wednesday appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Uber CEO Issues Public Apology to London Users
The new CEO of Uber apologized for past mistakes on Monday in a public attempt to show London authorities that the company, known for aggressive tactics, is willing to change to retain its right to operate in the city.
Days after London's transport authorities decided not to renew Uber's license to operate, citing a lack of corporate responsibility, CEO Dara Khosrowshahi [pictured above] acknowledged that the company "has got things wrong" during its global expansion.
Uber will appeal the decision of London's transport authority but will do so "with the knowledge that we must also change," they said in an open letter to Londoners published by the Evening Standard newspaper.
"We won't be perfect, but we will listen to you," Khosrowshahi. "We will look to be long-term partners with the cities we serve; and we will run our business with humility, integrity and passion."
Mayor Sadiq Khan welcomed Khosrowshahi's apology and said they were pleased to see the company acknowledge the issues it faced in London. Transport for London said last week it wouldn't renew Uber's license when it expires Sept. 30. Uber can continue operating while it pursues an appeal.
"Even though there is a legal process in place, I have asked TfL to make themselves available to meet with him," Khan said of Khosrowshahi.
Uber has struggled with a series of scandals this year, ranging from accusations of sexism to suggestions that it used software to hide information from regulators. Khosrowshahi took over as CEO this month after co-founder Travis Kalanick was ousted following complaints about their management style.
Transport for London said Friday that it wouldn't renew Uber's license because the company isn't "fit and proper" to operate in the city, where it has 3.5 million users and 40,000 drivers. Uber didn't report serious criminal offences, including a sexual assault, to London police, authorities said, and failed to conduct proper background checks on its drivers. The regulator also cited Uber's use of a phony app to deceive regulators in the U.S.
Some Uber supporters say the critique is a smokescreen for a politically motivated decision that was designed to appease London taxi drivers, not protect public safety. Uber has long been a target of cab drivers who complain that Uber and its drivers don't have to comply with the same licensing standards, giving the ride-hailing service an unfair advantage.
Khosrowshahi's apologetic letter comes after days of tense media exchanges between Uber representatives and Khan, who said any operator of taxi services in the city "needs to play by the rules" and that people angry about the decision should blame the ride-hailing company.
It's the first crisis for Khosrowshahi, an executive with a reputation for high ethical standards who was hired last month from travel booking site Expedia. The row interrupted Khosrowshahi's orientation at Uber, where they spent their first few weeks riding with drivers and getting to know the company.
In a note to employees after Friday's decision, Khosrowshahi said they disagreed with the decision made by Transport for London, and it would be tempting to call it unfair. But they also said that Uber must look at how it got into the mess.
"The truth is that there is a high cost to a bad reputation," they wrote. "Going forward, it's critical that we act with integrity in everything we do, and learn how to be a better partner to every city we operate in."
The London ruling, while bad news for Uber, does give Khosrowshahi a chance to show how Uber is changing, said Jan Dawson, chief analyst for Jackdaw Research in California. Khosrowshahi should get on the next plane to London to speak with regulators and work out a plan to address their concerns, Dawson said.
Dawson expects Uber to win its fight with London authorities, although regulators likely will be able to extract concessions from the company.
Uber has squared off with regulators in the past, often winning by bringing political pressure to bear.
"You're talking about an 800-pound gorilla," says Chicago Alderman Anthony Beale, who fought Uber over regulations and so-far unsuccessful efforts to make the company conduct fingerprint background checks of its drivers just like taxi companies. "This company needs to be regulated. They need to be regulated heavily because they're out of control."
Immediately after the London decision, Uber launched an internet petition demanding that regulators reverse course. More than 760,000 people have already signed.
Abs Dawodu, a London resident, said that forcing Uber off the streets of London would remove a lower-cost alternative to traditional black cabs.
"I can get an Uber for an hour, and if there is two of us, it's 20 pounds, whereas if it's a black cab and you go across London it's going to be a lot more than that," they said.
But John Colley, a professor at the Warwick Business School, points out that Londoners have other options to black cabs, including pre-booked services such as Addison Lee. They doubt Uber will be able to demonstrate that it has changed its ways because Kalanick remains on the board and has a large ownership stake.
"In the short term, expect plenty of PR, but the prospects of the culture changing while Kalanick is still there are slim," they said.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: UBER.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
It didn't take long for Adam “Pacman” Jones to get reacquainted with the media.
The Cincinnati Bengals cornerback blew up at FOX 19's Joe Danneman after they asked Jones a question about the fans following the team's first voluntary offseason workout Monday. According to multiple outlets, Jones asked reporters not to talk about an offseason arrest after which they were charged with three misdemeanors.
One reporter asked Jones how important it was to have the team stand behind them after their latest alleged transgression.
“Words can't express my gratitude and feelings for this organization, Mr. Brown, Coach Lewis, my teammates, the city of Cincinnati,” Jones said, via the Cincinnati Enquirer. “This is home for me. I am very eager to be here. I don't take it for granted. I love playing football. I love helping the guys out and working together. I'm more than happy.”
Danneman posed a follow-up question a few minutes later.
“I know you said you were thankful for the organization, is there anything you have to show to fans, have to prove to the fans for them to welcome you back since there were a lot of people upset with the way things went down in the offseason for you?”
Jones immediately lashed out at Danneman, kicking them out of the interview huddle and telling them it would be the last interview Danneman would have for the year.
“Didn't I just tell you don't ask me that?” said Jones, who according to their attorneys has been in an anger management program. “You out the (interview), turn around, go back, go back that way, see you. Next question.”
But Jones wasn't done berating Danneman, criticizing them for asking “stupid ass [expletive] questions” and later telling them to “shut the [expletive] up”, according to the Dayton Daily News.
This is just the latest altercation for Jones this offseason and during their 11-year career.  They are accused of being disruptive at the Downtown Millennium Hotel and later head-butting and kicking the arresting officers during the Jan. 2 incident. An initial felony charge has been dropped, but he's still facing the three misdemeanors.
Guiseley are just a point above the National League drop zone after sliding to a 2-1 home defeat at the hands of Tranmere Rovers on Easter Monday, writes Tom Feaheny.
Guiseley are just a point above the National League drop zone after sliding to a 2-1 home defeat at the hands of Tranmere Rovers on Easter Monday, writes Tom Feaheny.
But the Lions' fate remains in their own hands with two matches to go, and boss Adam Lockwood said: “We are disappointed with the loss, but performance-wise I cannot criticise the lads, we gave it everything but we just couldn't get the result we wanted.
“We know how important Bromley on Saturday is and we will be going with the intention of doing the good things from this Tranmere loss.”
Guiseley played at a high tempo and nearly took the lead when James Wesolowski fired wide from just outside the area.
Rovers also went close when from a corner, Andy Cook poked the ball towards goal, but Connor Brown was in the right place to clear it off the line.
The home side took the lead when Derek Asamoah saw their looping 25-yard effort go into the top right-hand corner leaving Scott Davies with no chance.
The second half began with Tranmere on the front foot, they equalised with their first attack when a Jeff Hughes corner found James Norwood who scored with a free header.
The visitors got a second when when Liam Ridehalgh floated the ball into the area, and Cook controlled it well and fired past Jonny Maxted.
Guiseley: Maxted, Brown, Palmer, Lawlor, Williams (Preston 83,) Wesolowsi (Purver 70), Walton, Hurst, Hatfield, Rankine, Asamoah.
Tranmere: Davies; Vaughan, Ridehalgh, McNulty, Ihiekwe, Buxton, Hughes, C Jennings (Dunn 63), Wallace, Cook (Stockton 68), Norwood (Mangan 90).
Correctional officers throughout Delaware staged a “sick out” yesterday to show their mounting frustrations with the state for the lack of change after the riot at James T Vaughn. Several dozen officers participated in this day, though most reported for work as normal. Officers, led by President of the Correctional Officers Union President Geoffrey Klopp, have been united in asking for additional pay and protection, but this latest demonstration was not echoed by all officers. Understaffing continues to remain a concern at most of the correctional facilities in Delaware.
An editorial from the Hamilton Spectator, published March 16:
Irish eyes may be smiling on this St. Patrick's Day.
Stressed-out police, paramedics, emergency-room workers and university officials in cities across southern Ontario will not.
March 17 has become a bad excuse for a day-long drunk-fest that disrupts neighbourhoods, results in personal injury and property damage, while unfairly burdening health and law-enforcement services that the public — not the young, inebriated louts — must pay for. And it gets worse every year.
Consider that in response to the 20,000 university, college and high school students expected to storm Waterloo's Ezra Avenue near Wilfrid Laurier University today, Waterloo Regional Police will be out in full force, backed up by Peel Region officers. They vow to charge lawbreakers and keep the street open.
Good luck to them. The common refrain from student partiers in Waterloo and elsewhere is they have a right to party.
Sounds like they're saying everyone else can be damned.
In Hamilton, McMaster University is funding extra police officers to manage the student parties. There will be RIDE checks, mounted police officers, patrol officers and a dedicated dispatcher to handle service calls from two, critical neighbourhoods.
Brock University administrators have stepped up security plans and hired seven extra police officers to keep the lid on student celebrations in St. Catharines and Thorold neighbourhoods.
Police in Kingston will try to restrain boisterous Queen's University students, while in London, Ont., police are trying to convince Western University and Fanshawe College students to behave. In 2012, St. Patrick's Day celebrations near that college erupted into a riot that saw a TV news truck torched and revelers hurling bottles at police who intervened.
That was ugly, but not entirely exceptional. In Waterloo last year, police laid 208 charges, not for just public intoxication, but criminal offences such as assault, theft and drug possession. In 2015, four people were stabbed at a St. Patrick's Day house party near McMaster.
It's hard to figure out how one of the most civilized and educated nations on Earth has reached a point where so many of its best and brightest young people think it's normal, acceptable and impressive to drink until they're falling down, throwing up, urinating in public and smashing things as well as laws.
Who told them it's a necessary rite of passage, a part of campus life worth celebrating in selfies?
It's none of these things and it is not just middle-aged prudes saying so.
Far from being innocuous occasions to kick back and unwind from academic pressures, this is deeply anti-social behaviour.
The selfish narcissists who participate in it have no regard for the larger community, on St. Patrick's Day at least.
They don't care if they damage property or relations with non-student neighbours.
They don't care if they overburden emergency services and emergency rooms.
They don't care if the rest of the community pleads with them to stop.
They don't care if they hurt a city they'll probably leave after graduation.
We can only hope it doesn't take something truly awful to happen for this disgraceful tide of excess to be turned back.
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
Sanofi's sleeping pill Ambien has a long list of potential side effects, from dizziness to diarrhea to a midnight food binge. Racism is not among them, the French drugmaker said on Wednesday.
Sanofi responded after Roseanne Barr blamed “Ambien tweeting” for a racial slur against former Obama administration adviser Valerie Jarrett. “I've done weird stuff while on Ambien — cracked eggs on the wall at 2am etc.,” Barr, 65, said in a tweet that has since been deleted.
“People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world,” Sanofi's U.S. public-relations team tweeted on Wednesday. “While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication.”
ABC dropped its revival of “Roseanne,” Barr's 1990s hit, after Barr described Jarrett as the offspring of the Muslim Brotherhood and “Planet of the Apes.” Jarrett, who is black, is not a follower of Islam.
By ANDREW DALTON
AP Entertainment Writer
LOS ANGELES (AP) - The estate of Michael Jackson sued ABC and parent company Disney on Wednesday, saying a two-hour documentary on the singer's last days improperly used the King of Pop's songs, music videos and movies.
The lawsuit filed in federal court in Los Angeles and obtained by The Associated Press alleges that last week's special, "The Last Days of Michael Jackson," illegally uses significant excerpts of their most valuable songs, including "Billie Jean" and "Bad," and music videos, including "Thriller" and "Black or White."
It also says ABC used clips from the estate's 2016 Spike Lee-directed documentary, "Michael Jackson's Journey from Motown to Off the Wall," and from the 2009 feature film "Michael Jackson's This is It."
The lawsuit alleges at least 30 violations and seeks unspecified damages and an injunction against further use of the estate's intellectual property.
It frequently cites Disney's aggressive defense of its own copyrights and its normally narrow view of "fair use," the doctrine in copyright law that says short excerpts can be used for news, criticism and research.
"Like Disney, the lifeblood of the estate's business is its intellectual property," the lawsuit says. "Yet for some reason, Disney decided it could just use the estate's most valuable intellectual property for free."
Representatives from ABC did not immediately respond to a request for comment. But when the Jackson camp first raised objections last week, the network defended the special as a legal work of journalism on a newsworthy subject that "does not infringe on their estate's rights."
The network said that as a courtesy it stopped using an image of Jackson to promote the show that the estate had objected to.
As a work of news, the special would be entitled to fair use of excerpts of Jackson's work, but the lawsuit dismisses the idea that the documentary had any news value, calling it "a mediocre look back at Michael Jackson's life and entertainment career."
The lawsuit says warning letters sent to Disney attorneys before the airing went unanswered.
The special focused on Jackson's apparent decline in the run-up to their death on June 25, 2009. The 50-year-old left behind heirs that include their mother and three children.
Jackson died of acute intoxication of propofol, a prescription anesthetic they had been taking as a sleep aid during preparations for a series of comeback concerts.
Former cardiologist Conrad Murray was convicted in 2011 of involuntary manslaughter for giving Jackson a fatal dose of the drug. They served two years in jail, and their conviction was upheld in 2014.
___
Follow Andrew Dalton on Twitter: https://twitter.com/andyjamesdalton .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) - A former Rutgers University professor whose conviction for sexually assaulting a disabled man was overturned pleaded guilty Monday to aggravated criminal sexual contact.
Anna Stubblefield entered their plea Monday as part of a deal with Essex County prosecutors in New Jersey. They admitted they should have known the man was legally unable to consent, but declined further comment following the hearing.
Prosecutors will recommend Stubblefield receives a four-year prison term when she's sentenced May 7, and they will get credit for the prison time they already have served.
Stubblefield, who once chaired Rutgers-Newark's philosophy department, testified at trial that they and the man fell in love after they were brought on by their family to help them communicate. Stubblefield said they consented to the relationship by communicating on a keyboard, but prosecutors said Stubblefield used their position to take advantage of the then-29-year-old man, who has cerebral palsy and can't speak.
Stubblefield was convicted in 2015 and sentenced to 12 years in prison. But an appeals court ruled last June that they should get a new trial with a new judge because the trial judge erred by barring testimony from an expert witness for the defense.
Stubblefield's lawyer argued that the expert would have convinced jurors the man could consent to sex. The expert had done a three-day evaluation of the man that included "facilitated communication," a technique that uses a trained person to assist a disabled person, usually with typing.
The trial judge determined facilitated communication is an "unrecognized field of science."
The appellate panel found that because jurors couldn't hear the expert's full assessment of the man, they were left with the impression that no one - apart from Stubblefield themselves - believed they had the mental abilities to consent to sex.
The Associated Press generally does not identify people who are the alleged victims of sex crimes.
Stubblefield, 48, was married with children when their relationship with the man developed. They met them in 2009 through their brother, who had been taking a college course from them Over the next two years, they worked with them using facilitated communication. They argued that they could communicate by typing.
The man's family sued Stubblefield and won a $4 million judgment over their treatment of him.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BEIJING — Chinese Premier Li Keqiang appealed to Washington on Tuesday to “act rationally” and avoid disrupting trade over steel, technology and other disputes, promising that Beijing will “open even wider” to imports and investment.
“No one will emerge a winner from a trade war,” said Li, the No. 2 Chinese leader, at a news conference held during the meeting of China's ceremonial legislature.
Li made no mention of a possible Chinese response in the event U.S. President Donald Trump raises import barriers over trade complaints against Beijing, but other officials say President Xi Jinping's government is ready to act.
Trump's government already has raised import duties on Chinese-made washing machines and other goods to offset what it says are improper subsidies and is investigating whether Beijing pressures foreign companies to hand over technology, which might lead to trade penalties. That has prompted fears of Chinese retaliation.
“What we hope is for us to act rationally rather than being led by emotions,” said Li. “We don't want to see a trade war.”
Commerce Minister Zhong Shan said on March 11 that China will “resolutely defend” its interests. They gave no details but business groups say Beijing might target U.S. exports of jetliners, soybeans and other goods for which China is a major market.
Asked whether Beijing might use its large holdings of U.S. government debt as leverage, the premier said its investments are based on market principles and “China will remain a responsible long-term investor.”
Li promised more market-opening and other reforms as Xi's government tries to make its cooling, state-dominated economy more productive. They said Beijing will make it easier to start a business and will open more industries to foreign and private competition.
The ruling Communist Party promised in 2013 to give a bigger role to market forces and entrepreneurs who generate most of China's new jobs and wealth.
Reform advocates complain they are moving too slowly, but hope Xi, who took power in 2012, might accelerate changes after focusing during their first five-year term as party leader on cementing their status as China's most dominant figure since at least the 1980s.
“If there is one thing that will be different from the past, that will be that China will open even wider,” said Li.
Beijing plans to “further bring down overall tariffs,” with “zero tariffs for drugs, especially much-needed anti-cancer drugs,” the premier said.
Li repeated a promise they made March 5 at the opening of the legislature to “fully open the manufacturing sector” to foreign competitors.
“We will also fully open the manufacturing sector,” the premier said. “There will be no mandatory requirement for technology transfers and intellectual property rights will be better protected.”
The government has yet to say how that might change conditions for automakers and other manufacturers that are required to work through Chinese partners, which requires them to give technology to potential competitors.
In a sign of Li's reduced status as President Xi Jinping amasses power, the premier was flanked by eight newly promoted economic officials, in contrast to previous years when they appeared alone at the annual news conference.
They included Liu He, a Harvard-trained Xi adviser who was named a vice-premier Monday and has told foreign businesspeople they will oversee economic reform. Neither Liu nor any of the other officials spoke at the event.
The premier traditionally is China's top economic official but Xi has stripped Li of their most prominent duties by appointing themselves to lead ruling party bodies that oversee economic reform and finance policy.
