CALGARY - The Calgary Stampede will have not one but seven parade marshals this year.
Chiefs of the Treaty 7 First Nations in southern Alberta have been chosen to ride at the head of the parade on July 7.
They include three chiefs from the Blackfoot Confederacy, three from the Stoney Nakoda Nations and the chief of the Tsuut'ina Nation.
Tsuu'tina Chief Lee Crowchild says he's been involved with the Stampede since they were a boy and he's excited to be a marshal.
They say he's honoured that the Stampede approached their First Nation about participating.
Stampede president David Sibbald says the Stampede has had a strong relationship with First Nations since the event began 105 years ago.
Sibbald says Guy Weadick, who organized the first Stampede, requested at the time that indigenous people be part of the celebration.
© Andre Ardiansyah / Reuters
© MDSUANTARA via Reuters
A volcano on the Indonesian holiday island of Bali erupted Monday, sending rocks and lava spewing into the air and unleashing a wave of panic across the island.Indonesia's National Agency for Disaster Countermeasure (BNPB) said the explosions began just after 9pm local time and that the ash column was seen as high as 2,000 meters above Mount Agung's peak.About 700 people fled the nearby Banjar Galih village and waited in an evacuation center, SBS News reports The volcano, situated in the northeast of the island, has experienced seismic activity and eruptions since last year. In November authorities ordered the evacuation of as many as 100,000 people after the volcano erupted two times in less than a week. All air traffic at the island's international airport was also halted leaving thousands of passengers stranded. The airport temporarily closed again on Friday, as a precautionary measure.Mount Agung is only 49 km from the island's capital of Denpasar, and some 980 km from the country's capital of Jakarta. Bali is located on the Pacific Ring of Fire, consisting of 450 volcanoes and earthquake activity.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Schuylkill County's unemployment rate fell one-half of a percentage point in November.
The seasonally adjusted unemployment rate was 6.2 percent, according to the latest figures released Wednesday by the state Department of Labor & Industry. Over the year, the rate is up four-tenths of a point from 5.8 percent.
November's seasonally adjusted rate is the lowest it has been since 6.1 percent in June.
The state rate was 5.7 percent in November while the national rate was 4.6 percent.
The county had 51,400 total nonfarm jobs in November, an increase of 200 since October.
“The county has added 500 jobs over the year, or 1 percent, while the state job count has grown by 0.7 percent over the same period,” Jeff Newman, industry and business analyst for the department, said Thursday. “So, both the unemployment rate and jobs are encouraging numbers. We are now in our benchmarking period and the numbers for 2016 will be subject to revision in March. I suspect some of the highs and lows over the year may smooth out somewhat as individual months can be disproportionately influenced and cause one month peaks and valleys. It's also why we say one month does not make a trend.”
The seasonally adjusted labor force in the county dropped 200 to 68,500 for November. The number of employed increased 100 to 64,200 over the month, while the number of unemployed dropped 300 to 4,300, according to the seasonally adjusted figures.
The surrounding areas had the following seasonally adjusted rates for November: Allentown, Bethlehem and Easton, 5.4; Harrisburg and Carlisle, 4.5; Reading, 5.0; Scranton, Wilkes-Barre and Hazleton, 6.1; and Bloomsburg, Berwick and Sunbury, 5.4 percent.
BOSTON — It wasn't so long ago that Boston College and Virginia Tech built a rivalry — first in the Big East and then in the Atlantic Coast Conference.
With quarterbacks like Michael Vick, Matt Ryan and Tyrod Taylor, the schools played some classic thrillers and met in back-to-back ACC championship games in 2007 and '08. Since then, both programs have struggled, and only one has managed to turn things around.
Virginia Tech is ranked No. 16 in The Associated Press Top 25, falling four spots after a loss to No. 2 and defending national champion Clemson. The Hokies (4-1, 0-1 ACC) will try to bounce back against BC (2-3, 0-2), a team they beat 49-0 last year in the biggest blowout in the history of the matchup.
"You kind of find out a little bit about yourself when you have a setback, a little bit of adversity, and our kids have always responded to that situation," Virginia Tech defensive co-ordinator Bud Foster said this week. "And we're going to have to this week, because we've got a team in BC that probably feels like they have to win."
The Clemson loss left the defending Coastal Division champions looking up in the standings at four schools. The Hokies could still return to the ACC title game if they win out, but another loss could be devastating to those hopes.
"When you start getting into conference play, every game is a playoff game," Foster said. "It's always been a tough environment for us to go up there and play, and it's going to be on a Saturday night and they'll have had a full day to get ready and rock 'n' roll. So we're going to have to get ready to go play a heck of a football game."
Here are some other things to look for in Saturday night's game between BC and Virginia Tech.
READING BETWEEN THE LINES?
Steve Addazio has a 26-30 record at BC, including a 2015 season in which the Eagles failed to win a single ACC game. A signature victory over a ranked team could help them convince new athletic director Martin Jarmond to keep them around.
Addazio made a not-so-subtle case to stay this week when they turned a question about the Virginia Tech rivalry into an ode to former Hokies coach Frank Beamer.
HAMDEN, Conn. (WTNH) — One person is recovering from injuries after being shot on Warner Street in Hamden Sunday night.
A 27-year-old man was standing in a parking lot at 35 Warner Street when they heard gunshots, ran and then realized they were shot, according to Hamden Police.
Hamden Fire Rescue personnel treated the man's non-life threatening injuries and then they were transported to a hospital for further treatment.
Anyone with information regarding the incident is asked to contact the Hamden Police Department's Major Crime Unit at (203) 230-4040.
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
There's a lot of talk, mainly from Kim Dotcom, that he's going to restart the Internet Party. As someone who was in the engine room of the last attempt, I think the idea that the Internet Party could get 5% in 2017 seems ludicrous in the extreme. -Martyn Bradbury
No matter which side of the political divide you are on and no matter whether or not you are a fan of Whaleoil most people at least suspect that Kim Dotcom had something to do with the hacking of Whaleoil.
When radio journalist Sean Plunket invited Rawshark to ring up the first person to call Sean was Kim Dotcom. In addition to that very strange co-incidence, Kim actually bragged in a speech at an Internet Party gathering about how they had hacked the German Prime Minister's financial rating. When asked point blank by media if they had hacked Whaleoil they said ” no” with a big smile on theirs face.
Later their personal bodyguard sent us copies of texts that appear to reveal that Kim knew that the Dirty Politics hit on us was coming and that they had hired ” professionals ” to get them ” information.”
Kim Dotcom famously paid for the political advice of Martyn Bradbury to help them create the Internet Party. The deal included a brand-new laptop but Martyn Bradbury distanced themselves when the manure hit the fan and claimed they had only been a contractor who had completed one basic outline/plan for the Internet Party and had no more to do with it. Now, years later, they are claiming that they were right in the thick of it in the ” engine room ” of the Internet Party.
Second time round they are not so keen on the Internet Party but I am sure that an offer of a shiny new laptop will help them gain some enthusiasm for it. Mind you I suspect Gareth Morgan may have gotten in first given the glowing posts from Martyn about yet another eccentric, white, millionaire with a brand new political party.
…So far so good, but what could throw everything out of line is if Gareth Morgan decides to stand in Mt Albert. This would be a stroke of genius on their behalf as it would allow them to showcase TOP policy which would end up making Labour's policy look light weight in comparison. Gareth could showcase their Party at a time when the media have nothing else to feast on, if TOP are serious expect Gareth to put their hat in the ring. -Martyn Bradbury
Gareth Morgan must feel confident that Mt Albert is theirs for the taking. If they have Bradbury in the engine room their campaign is guaranteed to pick up steam. Where that political train will take them however, well…
THE wait is nearly over. NSW students are just days away from receiving their HSC results.
Your HSC results, Year 11 and Year 10 grades are available to view in your Students Online personal account as soon as they are released by NESA.
HSC results will be delivered via email and text message from 6.00am on Thursday, 14 December 2017 .
You will also be able to access your results on this day by logging in to your Students Online account.
HSC Credential
From Wednesday 20 December 2017 , you can download your NESA credential as a free PDF via your Students Online account. Your HSC credentials will include a HSC Testamur, Record of Achievement detailing your Year 12, 11 and 10 results, and personalised course reports for relevant HSC courses. After downloading, remember to save or print your credentials as your Students Online account will only remain open until 30 June, 2018.
View examples of the HSC credentials .
In addition to your free HSC credential as a PDF, eligible students will receive a hard copy HSC Testamur in the post within the week beginning 22 January 2018. You can order a further copy of your HSC Testamur or a printed copy of your HSC Credential Package, including Record of Achievement and course reports, via your Students Online account for a small fee.
Check your contact details now
It is your responsibility to ensure your details are correct. Go to Personal details in your Students Online account, and check:
■Is the email address the one you use most often? Remember, you will have left school when the results are delivered, so your school email may not be the best one.
■Is your postal address correct? Your HSC Testamur will be posted to the address appearing here.
■Is your name spelt correctly? There is a $17.00 charge if NESA needs to reprint your HSC Testamur due to incorrect spelling, so make sure it is correct.
You are able to update your email address, mobile number and postal address yourself, but your school must update your name for you.
HSC results inquiries
The HSC Results Inquiry Centre (1300 13 83 23) will be available from 8.00am on Thursday 14 December 2017 followed shortly after by other HSC results services .
Accessing your Students Online account
All NSW high school students in years 10, 11 and 12 are eligible for a Students Online account .
Use your NESA Student Number and PIN to log in and access your personal details, including course enrolments and exam timetable details as they become available.
As soon as your school has provided NESA with your email address you can activate your account and access your accumulating years 10, 11 and 12 results.
*Information from the NSW Education Standards Authority
This year's miss Cayman islands contestants were groomed with an etiquette training course this weekend.
The five women were taught how to behave and partake in a fine-dining environment.
This included understanding basic table manners to the use of silverware to making formal toasts and how to interact socially and comfortably.
They are skills needed to fulfill the role of Miss Cayman 20-17.
“It's quite a journey , there are a couple of journeys, there is the journey to the pageant itself, pageant life and then it's that journey to the international stage and then after that obviously it reshapes your life and it's what you really make of it.” Said Miss Cayman Islands Pageant Chairperson Derri Dacres-Lee
The five women in the pageant are Mahalia Seymour, Taylor Langfitt, Kristin Amaya, Chante Smith and Anika Conolly.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
March 29 EPAM Systems Inc
* EPAM announces appointment of new chief financial officer
* EPAM Systems Inc - Jason Peterson will join EPAM, effective April 5, 2017, and will succeed Anthony Conte as CFO on May 10, 2017
* Conte will remain in an advisory role until on or about August 10, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The local Denver music scene never stops to amaze, especially with the news that long time musician Kyle James Hauser is partnering with rap sensation Kalyn Heffernan of Wheelchair Sports Camp on the next Detour project. Heffernan has always pushed their projects to the limit, while standing strong in fighting for those who think they aren't strong enough to fight. So, when partnering with Hauser, they aimed for an untapped market — Colorado's correctional facilities.
Hauser shared a few details on being the Program Coordinator for The Music District and what it's like to run one of the biggest music outreach programs in Denver — Detour. Detour is a pilot program between Colorado creative industries allowing artists to connect with communities while touring.
After a musician books a show or tour dates, they spend time (in some cases days) working with the communities they are visiting on social issues they may face or events that the community put together. The goal is to have a program in place that helps keep artist active and always connected to those around them through the universal language that is music. “Detour is pretty close to my heart, because it's in line with some of the struggles that I went through in my '20s,” says Hauser. Each project is tailored to the artist's social interests and Hauser gets to work carving out details and bringing the musician's dream to reality. Heffernan had many interests, but decided to focus on the correctional facilities in the Colorado area. Heffernan and Hauser then got together and brainstormed a way to bring the very different worlds of freeing music and maximum security together through creative skill building and interactive music influenced workshops and exercises.
Hauser contacted the Department of Corrections who put them in touch with the Faith and Citizens Program – who they said were very helpful in giving them information on facilities that would allow them to conduct the program as well as helping with background checks and other credentials Detour staff and band members would need to carry out the program. Hauser was very thankful for all the help and encouragement they received in the process – saying the most difficult part to planning the program was finding out whom exactly to get in contact with to make it happen, that everything else was smooth sailing.
Although they feel a connection to all of their Detour projects, Hauser hopes that a project like this one can be the start of a powerful trend and movement. He's optimistic that musicians will relate and want to get involved enough to the point of Detour projects spreading nationwide with multiple outreach programs going on all at once.
As of right now, the Wheelchair Sports Camp Detour Project has been postponed due to legal matters surrounding Heffernan's latest protest and facilities having policies in place prohibiting volunteers with pending legal charges from entering the building. Hauser, along with many others and participating facilities, are in support of the musician and can't wait until legal matters are cleared so that they may continue.
Hauser is also excited that Detour is working on launching two more projects before the end of year – one that potentially will feature Heffernan. The other is working on an alternative Detour centered on advocacy in the disability community and putting a spotlight on various artists. In the meantime, Heffernan is scheduled to give a speech at the Conference of Creative Leadership. If all goes as planned, we will see this dynamic duo back together in October.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Proponents of nuclear power are pushing to revive a failed project to build two reactors in South Carolina, arguing that the demise of the $14 billion venture could signal doom for an industry that supplies one-fifth of the nation's electricity.
Even though the nation's 99 commercial nuclear reactors supply about 20 percent of U.S. electricity, no new nuclear plant has been built from scratch in more than 30 years. Supporters were alarmed when two South Carolina utilities halted construction on a pair of reactors that once were projected to usher in a new generation of nuclear power to provide reliable, cost-effective, carbon-free electricity for decades.
Instead the project was plagued by billions of dollars in cost overruns, stagnant demand for electricity, competition from cheap natural gas and — most importantly — the bankruptcy of Westinghouse Electric, the lead contractor.
The July 31 suspension of the partly completed V.C. Summer project near Columbia, South Carolina, leaves two nuclear reactors under construction in Georgia as the only ones being built in the U.S. The collapse of the nearly decade-old project in South Carolina could cost ratepayers billions for work that ultimately provides no electricity and could signal that new nuclear plants are impossible to complete in the United States.
“These reactors failing would be the end of a nuclear renaissance before it even started,” said Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C.
Graham and other lawmakers from both parties are urging Congress to extend a production tax credit that would provide billions of dollars to the South Carolina project and the two Georgia reactors. The House approved an extension in June, and Graham is pushing for a Senate vote after Congress returns from its August recess.
“I'm mad as hell that you spend all this money and you can't get it done,” Graham said.
The Vogtle plant in Georgia faces similar economic and competitive threats, including the Westinghouse bankruptcy. The plant's operator, Atlanta-based Southern Co., has said it will decide in coming weeks whether to finish the two reactors, which are years behind schedule and billions of dollars above projected costs.
Southern CEO Tom Fanning said the project “goes beyond economics” to affect national security.
“If you want a world safe from nuclear proliferation,” construction of nuclear plants “is how we maintain nuclear technology,” said Rich Powell, executive director of ClearPath, a conservative-leaning clean energy group.
Besides the production tax credit, nuclear supporters want the extension of an Energy Department loan guarantee program that has helped Vogtle and other energy projects secure funding. Vogtle received an $8.3 billion loan guarantee under the Obama administration — the largest ever issued by the loan program and a deal that some critics say could end up biting taxpayers.
“We've said it for eight years: These massive nuclear reactor projects were doomed from the start, and taxpayer money should not be risked on them,” said Ryan Alexander, president of Taxpayers for Common Sense, a watchdog group.
The Summer plant did not receive a loan guarantee, but the parent company of South Carolina Electric & Gas, one of the utilities building it, tried to get a federal grant worth up to $3 billion before abandoning the project. SCANA CEO Kevin Marsh said they and other executives had “very direct discussions” with the White House and Energy Department, including Energy Secretary Rick Perry, and “explained the need for support for these projects because of the national security interest.”
The department invited the company to apply for a loan guarantee, but “that invitation was ultimately turned down by the project's representatives,” said spokesperson Shaylyn Hynes.
Marsh, speaking at an Aug. 1 hearing before the South Carolina Public Service Commission, said a loan “doesn't help the situation we're in.”
The loans typically serve as long-term incentives for companies to take on major energy projects.
Even though President Donald Trump backs nuclear energy, the administration eliminated the loan program in its proposed budget for the next fiscal year. The program was a frequent target of GOP lawmakers during the Obama administration, especially a $535 million loan to the failed solar company Solyndra.
The White House supports extension of the production tax credit, saying it would “fulfill the president's commitment to the continuation of nuclear energy as a major contributor to our nation's energy production and security.”
The current credit requires plants to be operational by 2020 — a deadline neither the South Carolina nor Georgia project will come close to meeting.
Rep. Jeff Duncan, R-S.C., called suspension of the South Carolina project a shame. “I can tell you, wind and solar are not going to provide the kind of power that nuclear energy provides,” they said.
___
Associated Press writer Seanna Adcox in Columbia, South Carolina, contributed to this report.
___
Follow Matthew Daly: http://twitter.com/MatthewDalyWDC
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
© Ingram Publishing/Newscom
The programs promise freedom from addiction. Instead, they've turned thousands of men and women into indentured servants.
The beneficiaries of these programs span the country, from Fortune 500 companies to factories and local businesses. The defendants work at a Coca-Cola bottling plant in Oklahoma, a construction firm in Alabama, a nursing home in North Carolina.
A few weeks later, McGahey stood in front of a speeding conveyor belt inside a frigid poultry plant, pulling guts and stray feathers from slaughtered chickens destined for major fast food restaurants and grocery stores.
There wasn't much substance abuse treatment at CAAIR. It was mostly factory work for one of America's top poultry companies. ... And they worked for free. CAAIR pocketed the pay. "It was a slave camp," McGahey said. "I can't believe the court sent me there."
One man said they were burned with acid while hosing down a trailer. Others were maimed by machines or contracted serious bacterial infections.
[...] At some rehabs, defendants get to keep their pay. At CAAIR and many others, they do not.
Legal experts said forcing defendants to work for free might violate their constitutional rights. The 13th Amendment bans slavery and involuntary servitude in the United States, except as punishment for convicts. That's why prison labor programs are legal. But many defendants sent to programs such as CAAIR have not yet been convicted of crimes, and some later have their cases dismissed.
"You've got to be kidding me," Noah Zatz, a professor specializing in labor law at UCLA, said when presented with Reveal's findings. "That's a very strong 13th Amendment violation case."
Under the guise of getting addicts treatment, courts are sentencing people to slave labor in the service of corporate interests.Christian Alcoholics & Addicts in Recovery (CAAIR), which is supposed to provide people with addiction treatment in a rural setting, has become a court-prescribed worker pipeline for an Oklahoma chicken farm and factory, according to a piece in Reveal , the magazine of The Center for Investigative Reporting. Reveal reporters poured over court documents, tax filings, and workers' compensation claims in addition to talking to court officials, judges, and former CAAIR program participants.CAAIR was originally launched in 2007 by food executives having trouble finding employees forat chicken-processing plants. But CAAIR's claims of fulfilling a rehabilitative function are dubious. It has only one licensed counselor and no certified treatment or recovery program.Its philosophy is that Christianity and hard work can cure addiction. Church and Bible study groups are mandatory;About 280 men a year get sentenced to time with CAAIR by courts in Oklahoma, Arkansas, Texas, Missouri. It's part of what Reveal describes a burgeoning "nationwide push to keep nonviolent offenders out of prison."Such alternatives can be very positive step toward reducing prison populations. But they can also be pointless and silly (like Seattle's $900, 10-week course on "toxic masculinity" for men convicted of soliciting prostitution), or much worse.according to The Center for Investigative Reporting investigation.Judges use CAAIR to sentence people with more than drug and alcohol problems; one judge told 23-year-old Brad McGahey, sentenced for attempting to buy a stolen trailer, that they needed to learn a better work ethic. "Aside from daily cans of Dr Pepper, McGahey wasn't addicted to anything," and "the judge knew that, " states Reveal.McGahey's hand was smashed after a machine malfunction and they were told any time spent healing or doing lighter work around the camp would not count toward their one-year sentence. If they didn't like it, they could go to jail. McGahey chose jail. Their hand suffered permanent functional damage. They have become dependent on hydrocodone pills to deal with their chronic pain.At CAAIR, workers hands have become " gnarled after days spent hanging thousands of chickens from metal shackles," according to the story.CAAIR administrators even keep worker's compensation money when those sentenced get hurt on the job. As CAAIR clients, workers are required to sign a form giving up their right to workers' comp."Chronic drug users .... are commodities, exploited by a growing world of drug and alcohol rehab operators," noted the Orange County Register recently in a piece on California's corrupt rehab industry . "Everything from the opioid epidemic and Obamacare to prison realignment and legal loopholes has created conditions in which unethical operators can flourish, using addicts to bilk insurance companies and the public out of hundreds of millions of dollars."In February, three leaders of an Alabama juvenile diversion program received 20-year prison sentences for abusive treatment of minors in their care. "I can't imagine being a child and being taken from my home in the middle of the night, shackled and transported across the country and being forced to work," said Judge Charles Graddick.In North Carolina, a local news investigation into Corrective Solutions, a "misdemeanor crime diversion program based out of California," led to the state recently terminating its relationship with the program. Reveal reported on Corrective Solutions earlier this year, finding that the for-profit company was making handsome profits from court referrals but providing little in return.At CAAIR, leadership claims to provide a community service letting people work for their "treatment" instead of paying a fee. It is "supporting the opportunity to help people become productive citizens," Donny Epp, a spokesperson for the company behind CAAIR, told Reveal.Jim Lovell, CAAIR's vice president of program management, commented that "if working 40 hours a week is a slave camp, then all of America is a slave camp."But most people who work 40 hours per week get some sort of compensation for that work, and are free to leave at will.Rather than addressing addiction, prison overcrowding, and ballooning prison costs with work camps disguised as treatment, maybe we should question why so many petty, nonviolent offenses need to be criminalized in the first place.
Even though the snow had melted by the spring of 1945, December 1944 had been bitterly cold, with temperatures dripping to 20 below zero and in some places in Central Europe, even further.
Clyde Jenkins had never experienced such weather back home in Gallatin, Texas. But then, there were many new experiences for the young farm boy in the midst of war.
"Our division turned south."
Jenkins, a soldier in the 96th Division of the U.S. Army, had arrived in France on the sixth day of the Normandy invasion. On the southern route, they say there wasn't much resistance.
"In fact, we got twenty thousand prisoners one time."
But things got much worse at Jenkins next assignment.
"We spent the winter in Herken Forest which was a bad place for ground troops to be."
Not only did the German shells prove deadly, the forest itself created havoc.
"The shells would hit limbs on trees and explode."
And then the flying limbs would become dangerous missiles. However, the forest battle was only a prelude to the Battle of the Bulge.
"We didn't ever give in to them."
Although the Battle of the Bulge had gone badly for the allies in the beginning, by January of '45 German troops were in retreat and soon surrendered.
"I was discharged on Pearl Harbor Day."
The day that President Roosevelt had called a Day of Infamy, became a day of celebration for Clyde Jenkins.
Copyright 2018 KLTV. All rights reserved.
click to enlarge Provided
On an art binge? If the 17 days of Spoleto Festival USA and Piccolo Spoleto have your creative senses wanting more and more, then check out the annual Art in the City White Party, returning to Mitchell Hill Gallery this Fri. June 1 at 6 p.m.Hosted by the Roper St. Francis Ryan White Wellness Center, 100 percent of proceeds raised from the event and auction will benefit the center, which raises awareness and funds for the fight against HIV/AIDS in Charleston. The organization's vision is to foster an HIV-free generation through quality care, case management, prevention, outreach, and advocacy. Ten percent of gallery sales on June 1 will also be donated back to the program.The silent auction and luck-of-the-draw raffles will feature donated artwork including paintings, jewelry, artisan crafts, photography prints, and more. "The art auction gets better every year with contributions of all sizes, mediums, and values. It's a way to add to your art collection while supporting an amazing cause," said Mitchell Hill Gallery director Ashley Miller in a press release.In addition to the auction, there will be music from DJ Lonatron, drinks from Cherryshine Whiskey and Kombucha Kart with special guest bartenders The Cocktail Bandits, and catering from the One80 Place job training program. Local drag performer Brooke Collins emcees the evening.Guests are encouraged to wear all-white, and to donate $10 at the door.
Anne-Marie D'Amico
Benzene Market
Benzene Market Overview:
Benzene Market Research is an intelligence report with meticulous efforts undertaken to study the right and valuable information. The data which has been looked upon is done considering both, the existing top players and the upcoming competitors. Business strategies of the key players and the new entering market industries are studied in detail. Well explained SWOT analysis, revenue share and contact information are shared in this report analysis.
Benzene Market is colorless and flammable liquid with a sweet and gasoline-like odor. It undergoes substitution reactions. Substitution is a reaction in which an atom or group of atoms replaces a hydrogen atom in an organic molecule. The halogens, nitric acid, sulfuric acid, and alkyl halides all react with benzene to form substituted derivatives. Benzene is a large-volume commodity petrochemical that is primarily produced in oil refineries and steam crackers, or as a by-product of p-xylene production. Thus, its supply is not driven by the global benzene demand but rather by demand for other products such as gasoline, ethylene, P-xylene. Benzene is used as a solvent in many commercial, industrial, and research operations.
Request for a sample copy of this report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/928
Benzene Market Insight:
Benzene Market is used to produce several intermediates from its derivatives, including polystyrene- made from ethylbenzene, phenol-made from cumene, nylon-made from cyclohexane, and polyurethane-made from nitrobenzene derivatives. Alkyl benzene derivative is used to produce surfactants for manufacturing detergents. Cyclohexane derivative is an important raw material to produce nylon, which is used to manufacture textiles. Nitrobenzene derivative is used to manufacture polyurethane foams for the furniture industry.
Benzene Market include rapid increase in the use of insulation materials in construction activities, rising demand for textiles owing to expanding the population and increasing expenditure on food packaging and automobile manufacturing. Moreover, demand for benzene is predicted to witness a significant growth over the assessment period due to surging paints and coatings industry as cumene derivative is used in the manufacture of paints and lacquers. Rising crude oil production across the globe is anticipated to be an important driver for benzene market during the review period owing to the demand gap for benzene. Increasing automobile production and sales along with rising consumption of ethylbenzene derivative is a raw material for polystyrene, which is used in the food packaging, the insulating material in the construction industry. It is used in the manufacturing of car parts, which is estimated to fuel the growth of the market. Furthermore, rapid urbanization coupled with increasing disposable income in emerging economies is predicted to propel the growth of the market during the assessment period, 2017-2023. However, implementation of strict regulations by various government bodies has restricted the use of toxic organic chemicals in the production of benzene, which is expected to hamper the growth of the market.
Geographically, the segmentation is done into several key regions like North America, Middle East & Africa, Asia Pacific, Europe and Latin America. The production, consumption, revenue, shares in mill UDS, growth rate of benzene market during the forecast period of 2017 to 2023 is well explained.
The ongoing market trends of benzene market and the key factors impacting the growth prospects are elucidated. With increase in the trend, the factors affecting the trend are mentioned with perfect reasons. Top manufactures, price, revenue, market share are explained to give a depth of idea on the competitive side.
Benzene Market Key Players:
Benzene market are BASF SE (Germany), Borealis AG (Austria), The Dow Chemical Company (U.S.), Arsol Aromatics GmbH & Co. KG (Germany), Exxon Mobil Corporation (U.S.), Royal Dutch Shell plc (the Netherlands), China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation (China), SABIC (Saudi Arabia), BP p.l.c. (UK), and Repsol (Spain), among others.
For Enquiry Related Report Click @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/928
Benzene Market Regional Analysis:
Benzene market consists of five regions: Asia Pacific, Europe, Latin America, North America, and the Middle East & Africa. Asia Pacific is predicted to grow at the highest CAGR during the review period, 2017-2023 due to the expanding oil & gas industry. The demand for benzene is predicted to surge in numerous countries of the Middle East & Africa such as Iraq, the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Iran, and Kuwait due to high adoption rate by the crude oil producers. Moreover, the presence of tremendous oil & gas reserves in this region is predicted to fill the demand gap for benzene production and propel the growth of the market.
North American benzene market is predicted to witness a tremendous growth on account of high consumption potential, increasing production petroleum refining capacities, and rising economic growth rate. In the North American region, the U.S. is predicted to be the major contributor to the regional market growth and is expected to witness a significant demand for benzene. As of 2016, the U.S accounts for the largest market share and is followed by Canada in terms of value & volume and is estimated to grow at the moderate CAGR on account of growth in production of food packaging and paints industries.
Benzene Market Segmentation:
Benzene market is categorized on the basis of derivative type, and region. On the basis of derivative type, the market is bifurcated into alkyl benzene, cumene, cyclohexane, ethylbenzene, nitrobenzene, and others. On the basis of region, the market is categorized into Asia Pacific, Europe, Latin America, North America, and the Middle East & Africa.
Benzene Market Intended Audience:
Benzene manufacturers
Traders and Distributors of benzene
Production Process Industries
Potential Investors
Raw Material Suppliers
Nationalized Laboratory
Benzene Market Table of Content:
1 Executive Summary
2 Scope of the Report
2.1 Market Definition
2.2 Scope of the Study
2.2.1 Research Objectives
2.2.2 Assumptions & Limitations
2.3 Markets Structure
3 Market Research Methodology
3.1 Research Process
3.2 Secondary Research
3.3 Primary Research
3.4 Forecast Model
4 Market Landscape
4.1 Porter's Five Forces Analysis
4.1.1 Threat of New Entrants
4.1.2 Bargaining Power of Buyers
4.1.3 Threat of Substitutes
4.1.4 Segment Rivalry
4.2 Value Chain/Supply Chain of Global Benzene Market
5 Industry Overviews of Global Benzene Market
5.1 Introduction
5.2 Growth Drivers
5.3 Impact Analysis
5.4 Market Challenges
Benzene Market Table of Content to be Continue…..,
Complete table of content is available at @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/benzene-market-928
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) — As deliberations in Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial continue into a fourth day, nerves are frayed, patience is shot and no one is certain when it will all end.
Jurors return to the deliberation room Thursday morning, but the long road to a verdict is taking a toll.
Some jurors appeared angry and even the judge has sounded exasperated at times.
The sequestered jury has been at it for more than 27 hours since getting the case Monday.
Advertisement
They've paused a half-dozen times to revisit key evidence, including Cosby's decade-old admissions that they fondled accuser Andrea Constand after giving their pills at their suburban Philadelphia home in 2004.
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission, which Constand has done.
New Delhi: The BCCI has decided to reward the three national selectors with increased remuneration besides doubling the fees of umpires, scorers and video analysts.
The decision was taken by the cricket operations wing of BCCI headed by Saba Karim and the COA also feels that chief selector MSK Prasad and company should be rewarded for their services.
Interestingly, BCCI treasurer Aniruddh Chaudhry is not aware about the remuneration hike.
As of now, chairperson gets Rs 80 lakh per annum while other selectors get Rs 60 lakh. The decision to increase the remuneration was taken as two ousted selectors Gagan Khoda and Jatin Paranjpe are drawing the same salary as Devang Gandhi and Sarandeep Singh.
"Since selectors can be only appointed in AGMs, Jatin and Gagan despite not rendering services are drawing a fat salary as per norms. This is being unfair to Devang and Sarandeep, who are criss-crossing the country," a senior BCCI official said.
It is expected that chairperson will get something in the range of Rs 1 crore while the two others will get anything between Rs 75 to 80 lakh.
The BCCI has also decided to double the match duty fees of domestic match referees, umpires, scorers and video analysts after a gap of six years.
The recommendation for a hike in fees was made by the Cricket Operations Division headed by Karim in consultation with the CoA during a meeting on April 12.
However, treasurer Chaudhary has not been kept in loop regarding any of these financial decisions.
"I can remember that Aniruddh had suggested a substantial hike during a finance committee meeting last year but I don't think they have been kept in loop this time," a senior BCCI official told PTI on conditions of anonymity.
As per the revised pay structure, an umpire will now get Rs 40, 000 per day for a first class, three day or 50 over game compared to the earlier Rs 20,000.
For T20 matches, it will be Rs 20,000 per match from the earlier Rs 10,000.
For the match referees, it will be Rs 30,000 for four day, three day and one day games while Rs 15,000 for T20 games.
The scorers, who have been the least paid, will now get Rs 10,000 per match day, save T20 games where they will be paid Rs 5000.
The video analysts will now get Rs 15000 per day for non T20 games and Rs 7500 for the shortest format.
Meanwhile, Telengana Cricket Association has sought for associate membership from COA since Hyderabad has primary membership as a voter member.
After four days of competition, Cayman's amateur swimmers have won 12 medals overall at the 2018 Central American and Caribbean Amateur Swimming Federation (CCCAN) Championship in Aruba's Pisina Olimpico Roly Bisslik.
Leading the way is 11-year old Jillian Crooks with an impressive 4 gold (100 free, 50 back, 50 fly, 100 fly), 2 silver (200 im, 100 back) and 1 bronze medal (200 free) in the individual pool events. The Camana Bay Aquatic Club standout also helped the 11-12 mixed relay team to a bronze on day one (29 June).
Another standout performer for Cayman has been Stefano Bonati. The 12-year old has won two individual bronze in both 200 im and 200 breaststroke. Bonati was also apart of the 11-12 mixed relay with Crooks, Allyson Belfonte and Jake Alberga.
Belfonte won their first individual medal Monday (2 July) with a gold in the Girls 11-12 200 fly. Cayman also got a silver from 14-year old Sabine Ellison in the Girls 13-14 breaststroke on day two (30 June).
The meet includes swimmers from 28 nations. Pool events conclude Tuesday 3 June.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart has acquired the outdoor clothing and gear seller Moosejaw for $51 million as it expands its online offerings.
The cash deal was announced Wednesday. Wal-Mart says Madison Heights, Michigan-based Moosejaw, which is largely online and sells more than 400 brands, will keep operating its site and stores. Its 350-plus employees will stay based in Michigan.
Wal-Mart, which is trying to better compete with online leader Amazon.com, says buying Moosejaw gives it the experience of another well-established e-commerce player with strong industry relationships.
Bentonville, Arkansas-based Wal-Mart also purchased online marketplace Jet.com last year for $3 billion in cash plus $300 million in stock. Wal-Mart's online sales had been slowing over the past two years but notably accelerated during last year's third quarter. It reports its fourth-quarter results next week.
WATERBURY, Conn. (WTNH) — Two days after flames broke out in an old factory building on the southern part of South Main Street, Waterbury fire crews were still pouring water onto hot spots.
“Because of the size of the building, it's some 80,000- 100,000 square feet, there's accessibility issues to get to those spots,” explained Chief David Martin of the Waterbury Fire Dept. “Given the condition of the building right now, which is there's not much left, we really can't put personnel in it.”
Related Content: Firefighters remain on scene of Waterbury fire believed to be arson
There is also no reason to put firefighters inside the building. When the fire started around 8:45 Saturday night, the building was empty. It had been vacant for years, so long it had even been taken over by the city of Waterbury. The fact that it was empty also point to the possibility of foul play.
“Certainly we're going to call it suspicious at this time,” said Chief Martin. “To your point, when an empty building with no electricity, there are certainly a lot of questions left to be answered.”
Related Content: Massive fire at abandoned factory in Waterbury
Questions they have had to answer before in Waterbury. Two major buildings have burned like this in the Brass CIty in the last five years. One of them, the old Nova Dye plant on Mill Street, had been abandoned by its owner years before it went up in flames in 2012.
“You know, unfortunately, in New England, in a mill city, you end up with a lot of empty mills,” said Chief Martin. “Unless they get developed and redeveloped, unfortunately, a lot of them end up like this.”
The city hopes to re-open Main Street South by the end of the day Monday, but there is still plenty more work to do. After they finish the investigation into the cause of the fire, everything that didn't burn up in the fire is going to have to be knocked down by the city.
DALLAS (AP) — A Texas jury has found a neurosurgeon guilty Tuesday of maiming patients who had turned to them for surgery to resolve debilitating injuries.
The verdict of the Dallas County jury on a first-degree felony charge of injury to an elderly person means 44-year-old Christopher Duntsch of Plano could be sentenced to five to 99 years or life in prison. They also could be given probation. The penalty phase of their trial began Tuesday afternoon.
The Dallas Morning News (http://bit.ly/2kHysPb) reports the jury deliberated about four hours before deciding on its verdict. The indictment accused Duntsch of wide-ranging malpractice that included improper placement of screws and plates along patients' spines, a sponge left in another patient and a major vein cut in another. Records also showed that they operated on the wrong part of a patient's spine, damaged nerves and left one woman with chronic pain and dependent on a wheelchair.
Prosecutors had accused Duntsch of maiming four patients and causing the death of at least two between July 2012 and June 2013. They say Duntsch's hands and surgical tools amounted to “deadly weapons” contended that Duntsch “intentionally, knowingly and recklessly” harmed up to 15 of their patients.
Advertisement
Prosecutors said Duntsch said in a 2011 email to their girlfriend that they would “become a cold-blooded killer.”
But Duntsch's attorneys argued that Duntsch was not a criminal but just a lousy surgeon committing malpractice in chaotic operating rooms in hospitals in Dallas and its northern suburbs. They also said the tone of the email to their girlfriend was unclear could have been meant as sarcasm.
Some might suspect it has something to do with the $560 billion in profits those companies have stashed overseas — and refuse to bring back until the U.S. government gives them an enormous tax break.
Apple CEO Tim Cook has now confirmed that that was indeed part of their motivation to attend the tech summit with Donald Trump.
On Tuesday, TechCrunch obtained Cook's response on Apple's internal network to a question from an employee about the Trump meeting.
Cook first described how it was critical for Apple to “engage” with governments on what they called “our key areas of focus.” According to Cook, these include “privacy and security, education,” “advocating for human rights for everyone,” “the environment and really combating climate change” and “creating jobs” — i.e., nothing as mundane as money.
But in the third paragraph, Cook acknowledged, “We have other things that are more business-centric — like tax reform.”
Here's what Cook's vague description meant: Apple wants a huge tax cut, and Trump has promised to deliver one that would save the company about $40 billion to $50 billion.
The U.S. has a peculiar system of corporate taxation. On the one hand, it taxes U.S.-based multinationals on profits earned anywhere on earth at a statutory rate of 35 percent. On the other hand, corporations can defer paying taxes on overseas profits until they bring the money back to the U.S.
This creates two incentives for multinationals. First, it encourages them to use ludicrous accounting shenanigans, many pioneered by Apple, to pretend as much of its profits as possible were “earned” in foreign countries, like Ireland, with super-low tax rates. Second, they'll hold the money hostage overseas until the U.S. government becomes so desperate for revenue that it offers them a sweetheart deal to bring it back.
This already happened in 2004, when the George W. Bush administration offered companies a special one-time offer: If they brought back their profits to hire more U.S. workers or engage in research and development, their tax rate would be cut from the statutory 35 percent to 5 percent. Companies happily repatriated $312 billion, and then went about firing workers and using the money for stock buybacks and huge hikes in executive pay.
Since then multinationals' overseas profits have built up to an even greater level: a stunning $2.4 trillion, over four times the size of the current federal budget deficit. The 11 technology companies whose representatives met with Trump account for about one-fourth of that $2.4 trillion — in other words, they're holding untaxed overseas profits equal to the federal deficit.
Apple is responsible for over $200 billion of that, more than any other company. Earlier this year Cook announced that “we're not going to bring it back until there's a fair rate. There's no debate about it. … It's not a matter of being patriotic or not patriotic. It doesn't go that the more you pay, the more patriotic you are.”
The good news for Apple is Trump's campaign tax plan would deliver them everything they've ever dreamed of, allowing them to bring back their overseas profits at a one-time rate of 10 percent. (The permanent statutory 35 percent tax rate for corporations would be slashed to 15 percent.)
As pointed out by a study by Citizens for Tax Justice, Apple has reported that if it were to repatriate its $200 billion in overseas profits, it would owe the U.S. government about $60 billion in taxes. (Multinationals are permitted to deduct taxes already paid to foreign governments from their tax due to the U.S., and so rarely face a full 35 percent assessment when bringing money home.) If Apple brought back all of its profits at Trump's 10 percent tax rate, it likely would owe $10-20 billion — meaning Apple would save $40-50 billion.
During the 2016 campaign Cook was bipartisan. They hosted a fundraiser for Hillary Clinton and, as email from their campaign chairperson John Podesta shows, when Apple contacted them with concerns that Clinton would use patents as leverage to force Apple to bring profits back to the U.S., the Clinton team jumped to reassure them they'd never do that. Cook also hosted a fundraiser for Republican Speaker of the House Paul Ryan. So it's understandable that before the election Cook said they were “optimistic that, in 2017, there will be some sort of corporate tax reform” no matter who was elected.
Top photo: Apple CEO Tim Cook exits the stage after an Apple special event at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts on March 9, 2015, in San Francisco, California.
© Global Look Press
Shut up in a lonely mansion, with police night and day
Patrolling the gardens to keep the assassins away,
They got down to work, to the task of settling the fate
Of millions. The maps at their disposal were out of date
And the Census Returns almost certainly incorrect,
But there was no time to check them, no time to inspect
Contested areas. The weather was frightfully hot,
And a bout of dysentery kept them constantly on the trot,
But in seven weeks it was done, the frontiers decided,
A continent for better or worse divided.
W.H. Auden, 'Partition'
Please, I beg you, do not sustain any longer a conflict which without these arms sales could never have been pursued in the first place and not for so very long
Canada wants to avoid a big economic blow from crippling U.S. tariffs on imports of steel and aluminum. Trump has threatened not to extend an exemption for Canada and Mexico that is due to expire Friday.
The tariffs are on top of the tough renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement.
For the group, said G7 expert John Kirton of the University of Toronto, the growing financial concerns in key countries like Italy will likely be a focal point for the ministers this week — and they expect markets will be looking a clear message from them before the June 7-9 summit.
"We now have, potentially, a mini-global financial crisis on our hands and the finance ministers are going to have to start with that," Kirton said.
"They're going to have to focus on getting the message from Whistler right.... I don't think they ever really imagined they'd have a financial crisis to deal with on the eve."
In addition to Canada, the U.S. and Italy, the other G7 countries are Japan, the United Kingdom, France and Germany.
Tom Bernes, a former G7 finance deputy who's held senior positions at the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank, said the ministers will have to wrestle with questions about Italy.
"While the European members will no doubt attempt to provide comforting words, clearly risks to the euro and global economic growth have increased," Bernes, a distinguished fellow at the Centre for International Governance Innovation, wrote in an email.
The Whistler meetings will also include ministerial sessions to discuss cybersecurity for the financial system, the impacts of technological change on jobs, international tax co-ordination, global economic risks and the role of international organizations in strengthening the world's economy.
When it comes to international bodies, much focus could be on the IMF in Whistler.
Earlier this month, Argentine President Mauricio Macri announced they would seek a financing deal with the IMF after a steep devaluation of their country's currency.
Bernes said they expect G7 ministers will be looking for an update from the IMF on Argentina, which happens to hold this year's G20 presidency. But they added he'd be surprised if any significant conclusions emerge from Whistler since the G20 remains the main forum for economic co-operation.
The ever-shifting trade gyrations involving Washington could surface as another area of dispute in Whistler, particularly with impending U.S. decisions this week on steel, aluminum and automobiles, they added.
"There is a possibility for sparks to fly."
Follow @AndyBlatchford on Twitter
By Andy Blatchford, The Canadian Press
VILNIUS (Sputnik) – EU nations must weigh in on the future of the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline, Lithuanian Energy Minister Zygimantas Vaiciunas said after Germany allowed construction in its territorial waters.
"Before making a decision on the Nord Stream 2, it is necessary to reach an agreement at the main EU institutions on the extent to which the EU legislation will be applied to such projects and other infrastructure, connecting the EU with the third countries," they told the Elta news agency.
The Lithuanian energy chief said the member countries were now discussing the European Commission's proposal to update the EU gas directive to ensure that all gas pipelines entering the EU territory comply with its regulations.
"In certain cases, Germany has the right to issue construction permits applying its national legislation but this project, bearing in mind all geopolitical aspects and the fact that it caused a lot of discussions and interpretations of the application of the EU law, should be considered in a broader context," Vaiciunas pointed out.
Lithuanian President Dalia Grybauskaite in January called into question economic benefits of the new pipeline, which would bring gas from Russia across the Baltic Sea. They said Vilnius considered it to be a political project.
The Nord Stream 2 is a joint venture of Russia's Gazprom with France's Engie, Austria's OMV AG, UK-Dutch Royal Dutch Shell, and Germany's Uniper and Wintershall. It aims to deliver 55 billion cubic meters of Russian natural gas a year to the European Union. The pipeline is expected to be launched in 2018.
The pipeline is projected to make landfall in Germany. Berlin issued a permit this Wednesday for the pipeline's construction and operation in German waters and the landfall area in the coastal municipality of Lubmin.
Good news might come unexpectedly even when after losing all hope. Here is the fairytale-like story of a US family whose dog ran away many years ago.
An American family from Pennsylvania was reunited with their dog Abby, who disappeared ten years ago, the channel WCPO Cincinnati reported.
"It feels like a part of my kids' childhood is back, part of our family is back," Debra Suierveld, the dog's owner, told USA Today. "It's pretty awesome."
The Suiervelds were sure that they would never see the beloved pet again. However, earlier this week, the dog unexpectedly appeared on the doorstep of a local resident's house in Lower Burrell, just 16 kilometers from Abby's owners.
The man got in touch with a local animal welfare center, which then found out whom Abby belonged to with the help of a microchip.
The dog is completely healthy, and the family assumes that someone was taking care of them all these years.
Several swimmers have been injured in recent years at the Island Quarry, Byron Bay.
Several swimmers have been injured in recent years at the Island Quarry, Byron Bay. Patrick Gorbunovs
AN INQUEST into the death of a 20-year-old man at a notorious Byron Shire swimming hole has started this week on the North Coast.
Magistrate O'Sullivan will preside over the proceeding at the Coroners Court in Byron Bay courthouse to determine how Brendan Michael Vickery died at Island Quarry three years ago.
Mr Vickery, of Victoria, had been jumping off the quarry cliff into the swimming hole at Ewingsdale with friends before they were reported missing in the early afternoon of Sunday February 23, 2014.
Then Tweed Byron police Inspector Jim Cain told The Northern Star at the time of the incident that the 20-year-old told their friends they were feeling too weak to swim to the clearing and would try to make their way around the edges of the quarry by clinging to the rocky wall.
"The other friends swam across the water and were sitting on the bank for a while before they realised they hadn't surfaced,” Inspector Cain said.
"The last they saw of him, they were making their way along the rocks.”
Police divers found their body a day later about 5pm on Monday, February 24.
For years, the Island Quarry Reserve Trust has warned backpackers and locals to avoid swimming at the eight-acre regenerated quarry site.
The spot has been a point of contention in the community with several swimmers injuring while attempting to jump from the quarry cliff face in recent years.
In 2012, a Central Coast boy was pulled from the water after being knocked unconscious from the impact of the jump.
The Chief Justice's lawyers fear this would affect the public's faith in the judiciary
Published 6:32 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The camp of Supreme Court Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno blasted the testimonies of 4 justices during the impeachment proceedings as “petty disagreements.”
“Shouldn't the good justices be resolving their disagreements within their own ranks, petty ones especially?” lawyer Josa Deinla, Sereno's spokesperson, said earlier in the day.
Four justices, including incumbent Associate Justices Noel Tijam, Francis Jardeleza, Teresita Leonardo-de Castro, and retired justice Arturo Brion testified at the House committee on justice on Monday, December 11.
They all accused Sereno of skirting processes and undermining the authorities of the en banc in controversial court matters, such as the initial exclusion of Jardeleza from the Judicial and Bar Council (JBC) shortlist.
Jardeleza nomination
Sereno blocked Jardeleza's nomination to the SC by invoking the integrity card, citing the former solicitor general's actions in the arbitration case over the West Philippine Sea.
Because the integrity issue kicked in, the JBC was then restrained by rules to vote unanimously in order to put Jardeleza on the short list. Obviously, Sereno did not vote for him.
Brion called this manipulation. Even more, Brion said, when Jardeleza's appeal was raffled by the en banc only after the JBC had made its short list.
'Puro hugot'
Brion became the member-in-charge and recommended to give Jardeleza the opportunity to pursue legal actions.
“Surprise of surprises, ayaw ng en banc, tapos na yan eh, ang aksyon ng en banc, noted. Ang ibig sabihin, nakita natin, binasa na namin, ilibing na natin sa limot, pero meron silang pasubali, without prejudice to legal remedies that Jardeleza may take,” Brion said.
(Surprise of surprises, the en banc didn't agree, they said it's done, our action was "noted". It means we saw it, we read it, let's forget about it, but they had some consolation, that it was without prejudice to legal remedies that Jardeleza may take.)
The "without prejudice" clause was mere "consuelo de bobo (consolation)," said Brion, especially because it only gave Jardeleze 44 days to file their pleadings before the President was due to name their appointee.
“Ang tingin ko, ano ba naman ito, maano ba naman na alisin na itong consuelo de bobo, kung saan na ipinapadama pa na hindi ka masyadong sinasaktan, pero ang totoo sinasaktan ka, that was malice,” Brion said.
(To my view, what is this, why couldn't they have just removed their consolation, as if they were making you feel they were not really hurting you, but in truth, they were hurting you, that was malice.)
For Deinla, this is “pure hugot” or the modern Filipino slang for having deep feelings on a certain issue.
“Puro feels at hugot (all feelings) on matters that are already settled and show, at best, variances in opinion that they could very well resolve in their turf,” Deinla said.
The camp further explained that Jardeleza's right to due process was not violated.
“The Minutes of the Executive Session held on 30 June 2014 would show that then Solicitor General Jardeleza was in fact given an opportunity to explain their side, which opportunity they refused to take on account of their position that they are entitled to a statement in writing of the charges against him,” the Sereno camp said in a statement.
The JBC vote
De Castro recalled how Sereno also told the en banc that several justices told them to do away with the SC vote on the short list. Traditionally, justices are given their informal votes on nominees, but typically limited to those who are given weight by the JBC members.
But when probed, De Castro said Sereno could not name the justices who supposedly made the request. They were even more surprised, they said, when they were told it was supposedly them
“Bakit ako pa ang sasabihin niya eh lagi ko nga siyang kinokontra? (Why would they name me when I'm always objecting to her?)” De Castro said.
Tijam, meanwhile, complemented earlier testimonies by Court Administrator Midas Marquez and Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II that Sereno unilaterally acted on the transfer of Maute cases, delaying its transfer to Taguig.
De Castro told the committee: “I've been calling the attention of the Chief Justice so they will not commit the same mistakes. It's been 5 years, they have not stopped failing to ask the en banc. Until when will we suffer (Hanggang kailan kami magtitiis)?”
Brion also waxed poetic: “Yung maliliit na patak, unti-unti, 'pag iniipon mo ang maliliit na patak na iyan,…tulad nang nangyayari ngayon, pagdating ng panahon, nagiging agos. Ang agos, nagiging baha."
(These small droplets, they accumulate. And like what's happening now, over time, those droplets become a stream. A stream becomes a flood.)
“I fear that this kind of spectacle will militate against the duty of reaffirming the public's faith in the Judiciary,” Deinla said. – Rappler.com
Read more articles by
BN Staff
Don't miss any action. Sign up for the free BN newsletter(s) here
HOW has training camp gone? Do you feel like you're still learning and growing with Virgil Hunter?
“We've had a tremendous training camp out here in the Bay. I'm focused and I'm in great shape. Training with Virgil is like stepping in to a classroom. I'm always learning and growing as a fighter when I'm in the gym with him. We've been pushing to the limit every day and I'm just ready to go to work.”
What would you say are Shawn's strengths in the ring? What do you have to prepare for?
“Shawn's a great fighter but we are fully focused on what we need to do in the ring. My boxing IQ has grown so much and now everything we're doing has a purpose. I've had tremendous sparring this camp and everyone I've been there with has been trying to push me to a whole other level so I will be ready for anything come fight night.
“We are going to be ready for whatever Shawn brings on April 22. We've seen them brawl and try to press guys out but they might try to do something different in this fight and we'll be ready for it. I'm known for my speed, my power, my explosiveness and I'm in fantastic shape so this is definitely going to be a can't miss fight.”
What does it mean to you to be in camp with the other great fighter's in Hunter's stable including Andre Ward, Amir Khan, Andrzej Fonfara and Peter Quillin, amongst others?
“We have a tremendous atmosphere out here and we all feed off of each other. Training with all these great fighters and world champions pushes you to another level. We all support each other and it definitely adds another level of motivation during training camp for each of our fights.”
What does it mean to you to get to a position to become a three-time world champion?
“Becoming a three-time world champion is great motivation. The WBC belt was the first belt that I won and I want it back. I avenged my loss to Victor Ortiz last year but getting the green belt back would bring everything full circle. At this point in my career, every fight is big and a potentially career defining fight so I'm taking everything one step at a time and preparing like I need to.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge United have agreed a deal to extend Max Clark's loan from Hull until the end of the season.
The 20-year-old midfielder's original loan had been due to end following today's home encounter with Notts County in Sky Bet League Two.
But the move, which was announced on the Premier League outfit's official website, means Clark will remain a part of Shaun Derry's squad for the rest of the campaign.
Clark has already made 28 appearances for United this term and notched their first goal for the club with the final goal in last month's 5-0 win at Hartlepool.
It comes after they initially impressed Derry after joining United on loan for last season's run-in, playing nine games as the club went on to narrowly miss out on the play-offs.
GNRSC ups awareness in face of rising road fatalities
GUYANA, GINA, Tuesday, February 14, 2017
There are already 13 road fatalities for the year thus far, the same number for the corresponding period for last year. In face of this high number of road deaths, the Guyana National Road Safety Council (GNRSC), with stakeholder agencies is heightening its awareness campaign.
Today, the council, in collaboration with the Guyana Police Force (GPF) and the West Demerara Road Safety Association, held its first awareness session for 2017 in the vicinity of the Stabroek Square.
Coordinator of the GNRSC, Romona Doorgen noted that re-educating the public about the traffic laws is very important, and that raising awareness is what needs to be done in order to preserve lives.
“We think education and re-education is very important. Sometimes the crisis in our lives make us forget that there are rules that we should follow, and this is what the road safety council, the Guyana Police Force's Traffic Department and the West Demerara Road Safety Association, this is what we are here to do,” Doorgen explained.
Vice Chairman of the West Demerara Road Safety Association, Shahab Hack
is urging drivers to adhere to the traffic laws. Hack stated that, “We are pleading with drivers to exercise the five Cs (caution, courtesy, consideration, care and commonsense) on our roadways, and to desist from speeding as much as possible and more so, DUI, drinking under the influence of alcohol.”
The Government Information Agency (GINA) spoke to a few pedestrians about their thoughts of the awareness campaign. Marcia Dickson said, “I am glad for this experience, this activity they have here because as a teacher I would like to, for my students to be more informed so this is a great activity and I think they should do more of this throughout the country.”
Seeta Persaud said that the campaign helps persons to know more about the traffic laws. Persaud stated, “you can be able to tell somebody this is not so, especially when you're crossing the pedestrian crossing. Sometimes you go to cross and the vehicle coming; you could be able to tell them, they have to stop once you are crossing, so it's a very good idea.”
According to Hack, awareness campaigns will continue throughout the year and within schools in an effort to preserve lives and reduce road accidents.
By: Isaiah Braithwaite
Decks perform as an important aspect of your property. Given that, constructing a deck needs a considerable level of investment; one demands to seriously take into account the upkeep elements linked with it. Without the need of suitable cleaning at regular intervals, these external structures often have a tendency to become dirty and unhygienic. In actual fact, the worst element is; neglecting the cleaning and maintenance aspects could decrease the life of the decks, and they might begin losing their organic lustre and decay inside handful of years. Get far more information about Driveway Cleaners Guildford
Deck cleaning at standard intervals generally becomes a challenging job for an individual mainly as a result of absence appropriate components and tactics. Moreover, it is clear, that quite a few men and women come across it hard to devote adequate time behind cleaning purposes as a consequence of tight operate schedule and busy lifestyle. This really is precisely exactly where expert deck cleaners generate the distinction. Aside from helping in cleaning the decks, there are lots of other elements that make them useful certainly. Let us have a look: –
• Relevant Knowledge and Knowledge
Cleaning the decks individually is hassle-free for a lot of, but for that 1 requirements to have adequate expertise regarding the wood varieties and proper cleaning procedures. One has to bear in mind that timber and steel decks are vulnerable to water along with other chemical cleaning solutions. Thus, without the need of involving correct cleaning method, the decks might lose their organic lustre. Expert deck cleaners have relevant knowledge and potential and as a result, it can be uncomplicated for them to give complete and powerful cleaning solutions. Manufacturing the decks involve the usage of distinct types of woods like cedar, mahogany, redwood, and so on. The professional cleaners involve separate cleaning approaches based around the wood sort. This ensures far better results and prevents the risks of corrosion on the lengthy run.
• Involvement of Advanced Cleaning Approaches and Innovative Equipments
It is not normally feasible to acquire the deep clean final results by involving typical household cleaning methods and equipment. As a result, getting the most effective cleaning outcomes with domestic cleaning is subsequent to not possible. The expert deck cleaners involve sophisticated cleaning strategies and gear which give deep cleaning outcomes. A very simple search online could support one in being aware of about the newest cleaning approaches, however utilizing them requires the usage of sophisticated equipment which are mostly obtainable with the authorities.
• Save Precious Time and money
Apart from the fact that specialist deck cleaners present effective cleaning benefits, it truly is crucial to note that they save worthwhile money and time, also. Decks cover a big section in the house and cleaning them needs time. Most of the firms provide deck cleaning services at an inexpensive price and opting for the services helps one to save time.
Expert deck cleaners aim at preserving the structural formation of your decks by providing minute repair solutions. One should necessarily look at opting to get a credible and renowned firm to get the most beneficial cleaning solutions.
Last week, Iraqi Prime Minister Haider Abadi declared victory over Daesh and the restoration of control over the border with Syria.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Muqtada Sadr, an Iraqi Shiite cleric and militia leader, has urged their Saraya al-Salam's paramilitary units to surrender their weapons to the government forces following the official declaration of the victory over Daesh in Iraq.
Sadr has also called on their forces to hand over to Iraq's security forces the territory they control, except for Samarra, a holy city for Shiites where the situation remains “sensitive," within 45 days.
They have reiterated their call to help the central authorities strengthen their control across the whole of Iraq and also warned the paramilitary units against running in the country's 2018 elections under the banner of the Popular Mobilization Forces.
READ MORE: Iraq Celebrates Victory Over Daesh With Military Parade (PHOTOS)
The statement follows Iraqi Prime Minister Haider Abadi's announcement of the victory over Daesh, which was achieved with the help of the Popular Mobilization Forces, including Sadr's Saraya al-Salam militia.
However, al-Abadi has failed to mention the Kurdish Peshmerga in their victory speech, which aroused swift condemnation from Kurdistan, according to the Rudaw Media Network report, prompting the fighters' condemnation.
Daesh invaded Iraq back in 2014, seizing Mosul, the country's second biggest city, and making it the group's capital in Iraq, prompting the country's forces supported by the US-led coalition to launch an operation to free the territories a year later. In summer of 2017, the Iraqi forces regained control over Mosul, while later in November, over the town of Rawa, the last Daesh stronghold in the country.
The Popular Mobilization Forces (al-Hashd al-Shaabi) were formed in 2014 mainly by Iraqi Shiites in order to fight against Daesh after it had seized vast areas of Iraq. Two years later, the forces were brought under the control of the Iraqi armed forces and Commander in Chief Abadi.
Sadr, one of the most influential religious and political figures in Iraq, became famous in early the 2000s as the leader of the Mahdi Army, which fiercely opposed the US-led invasion of Iraq.
MAYOR Tom Tate is powering ahead with their ambitious plan to create a pyramid dive site off the Gold Coast and is already setting up a panel of experts to nut out the design details.
The project has been welcomed by the State Government with Tourism Minister Kate Jones offering to tip in half the estimated cost of $5 million and last night, Ian Banks, one of the city's leading dive figures, threw their weight behind the project.
Cr Tate said a working committee was being set up with the State Government's Department of Innovation and Tourism Industry Development, council's Infrastructure Directorate, key representatives of the city's dive and marine industries, as well as marine engineers.
The Great Pyramid of Giza, Cr Tate's inspiration.
They confirmed the City would pursue a design-construct project for the artificial dive attraction in response to the Gold Coast losing the HMAS Darwin to Tasmania.
"The initial structure will be a pyramid design, first mooted by council in 2014, and council will need to vote on the final design and funding model," they said.
"In the lead up, the City will consult with the dive industry to finalise which features a pyramid structure would require to attract marine life and the interest of divers."
Cr Tate said the pyramid would be the first installation in a broader, artificial dive precinct.
"We will develop and expand the artificial dive site over the years, starting with the pyramid structure as the signature piece," they said.
HMAS Darwin leaves their namesake port for the last time before being decommissioned. Pic Glenn Campbell
Other structures to be added to the site could include 20m-high, concrete trees in an underwater garden and the aim was for each precinct to attract its own marine life.
"The site we are looking at is two nautical miles off Narrowneck, east of the existing wreck known as the Scottish Prince," Cr Tate said.
"It will take divers about 25 minutes to access the site from the Broadwater - less than half the travel time it takes to access HMAS Brisbane, off the Sunshine Coast. I am confident divers will flock to the Gold Coast for this."
The Mayor of Gold Coast, Tom Tate (Photo by Scott Barbour/Getty Images)
The mayor said the skeleton-type, pyramid would allow divers to swim through it.
"Beginners will be able to go down 10m-18m on the pyramid, while advanced divers will be able to dive down to the bottom of the structure, which will be more than 30m deep.
"This will be an evolving project and divers will be able to dive on one precinct and then return another day to dive on another, if they want to," they said.
Cr Tate said the dive precinct would not just be about attracting marine life, but also about offering opportunities for memorable photography.
Site of a proposed dive wreck for the Gold Coast.
"We wanted a warship but they are expensive. Some divers are saying there are already so many of them. This pyramid and its precincts would be unique," they said.
Meanwhile, leading dive expert Mr Banks has welcomed the proposed underwater pyramid and precinct.
"It's a really good idea. The extra habitat and marine life would be great," they said.
A range of species would pop around the dive site. Picture: iStock
"A pyramid structure would attract all sorts of marine life to the area, including a range of fish species, and I think the precincts are also a great idea."
Mr Banks, who has 40 years' experience in the dive industry, said they were part of the planning group for sinking a warship off the Gold Coast.
"I surveyed the proposed site for a warship and I agree this would be the easiest location for this pyramid structure. We had to go a long way out to get clear water," they said.
They were confident coral could also grow on the structure at certain depths.
"It's not ideal for coral because there is a lot of turbidity but soft coral and sponges could grow at the bottom of the pyramid. Other coral would have to be within the top 10m of the structure to thrive," they said.
–
TEL AVIV (Sputnik)Israeli and German officials told the Haaretz newspaper Germany had insisted that Israel add a clause to a memorandum of understanding on the sale of nuclear-capable subs that will reportedly be signed soon.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's attorney David Shimron is suspected of having pushed through a contract with ThyssenKrupp, a German company they have ties with. Shimron denied any wrongdoing.
Netanyahu said they had been unaware of their attorney's links to the German conglomerate and made the decision to buy its submarines in a transparent process that involved all relevant institutions. They have not been embroiled in this case but is subject to two other probes.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
From the beginning of the Syrian crisis in 2011, the UN World Food Program has launched a campaign to provide emergency food assistance to millions of conflict-affected Syrians.
The UN World Food Program has lost some two percent of the humanitarian aid, dropped from the airplanes in Syria's Deir ez-Zor, due to faulty parachutes, provided by the US, WFP's Director in Syria, Jacob Kern, revealed.
“Daily air supplies were carried out from Jordan; about 26 pallets were dropped from a 5-kilometer altitude at a spot that was the size of some 3-4 football fields. On average, we have lost some two percent of the entire number of goods; we dropped 8,000 pallets, each of them contained 600 kg of food. We lost around 200 kg because the parachutes failed,” Kern told Sputnik.
The man in charge of the UN WFP in the war-torn country went on to say that the flights were carried out by the Russian airlines “Abakan,” while the British meteorological service prepared weather forecasts, a Canadian company packed the food, and the US provided the parachutes.
READ MORE: Russian, Syrian Lawmakers Provide Residents of E Ghouta With Humanitarian Aid
According to him, the humanitarian operation in Deir ez-Zor can be deemed successful regardless of the cargo's loss and despite the fact that the campaign turned out to have a hefty price tag.
“You should keep calm in regards to such things and take into consideration that the parachutes can fail, or the cargo can be blown away from the dropping point by the wind together with the parachute. We lose goods even if it is ground delivery, so two percent, on the whole, is an absolute success,” they told Sputnik.
By
Clay County Retired Teachers Association will meed Monday November 20 at Noon at the Clay County Extension Office. All retired teachers are urged to attend the meeting and pot luck meal,
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
GIVE THEM CREDIT: Northern United player Brett Kelly in action against Evans Head in the NRRRL at Crozier Field. Lismore City Council has decided to use ratepayers' money to help bail out the club.
GROUND fee debts of more than $16,000 have been waived for the embattled Northern United Rugby League Club by Lismore City Council in a bid to help the team overcome its crippling financial woes.
In a unanimous vote, councillors moved the recommendation to write off the $16,484.94 the club owed at Tuesday night's meeting.
Club president Uncle Lester Moran said in an impassioned speech in the council chamber before the vote that the club's monetary struggles began at the start of the 2014 season when it was only able to secure two sponsors.
"I personally have put in $23,000 out of my own pocket to keep the club going that year, I'm passionate about sport," Uncle Lester said.
They said the club's Clifford Park facilities in Goonellabah facilitated more than just rugby for the Aboriginal community, offering a space for positive social interaction and support.
"We see ourselves as not only a sporting club but as role models in our community, particularly in the Aboriginal community," Uncle Lester said.
"Being an Aboriginal football club, we take on a lot more than just playing sport."
But the council's generous gesture came with conditions.
The council ruled if Northern United applied to use the council's sportsground its must "provide evidence prior to use of their ability to pay the ground hire fees" and "regular payments towards ground hire fees throughout the playing season".
Councillor Elly Bird moved an amendment which was added to the recommendation that included "the council consider applying the above requirements to all seasonal and year round hirers."
The amendment also requested council assess a requirement for all hirers pay a 10% bond in the council's 2018/19 fees and charges.
"I think it is equitable, it puts everybody on the same page and prevents us from running into these sorts of situations in future," Cr Bird said.
"It prevents clubs being able to wrack up big fees that become due all at once that they then can't manage, so I just think its sensible policy."
Before the vote, councillor Darlene Cook asked if a provision could be made for council to "call in the debt" if the club became financially viable again.
The council's finance manager, Rino Santin said it could be possible to recover the debt "over an extended period of time" should the club, which is currently insolvent, reactivate.
The City of Ottawa and Sparks Street Mall Authority are making their first big play to make Sparks Street a true pedestrian mall by installing vehicle-blocking bollards at the entrances.
Court Curry, the city's manager of right-of-way, heritage and urban design services, said the steel bollards installed at each intersection will become a two-year pilot project. Workers are currently installing the footings and the actual bollards will be popped in around mid-July.
The 40-50 bollards have a total cost of $50,000. The mall authority, which collects a levy from property owners, is paying for the bollards.
The problem with Sparks Street today is it's being used like any other street. Drivers cut across the pedestrian mall to access the other side of the block. Contractors park for free. Delivery trucks are simply part of the surroundings. The Sparks Street “pedestrian mall” is a capital misnomer.
Mayor Jim Watson has a renewed focus on the health of Sparks Street. Late last summer, Watson pledged to make the pedestrian mall a priority and followed up with a town hall earlier this year. Through an online questionnaire, which collected more than 500 responses, there were multiple calls for the city to get vehicles off Sparks Street.
(The no-car request wasn't the only piece of feedback. People also suggested having more trendy retail stores, benches, greenery and a better nightlife on Sparks Street).
“The first thing we heard was to get cars off the streets. The second thing was to create more short-term parking spaces,” Curry said Wednesday.
The city is introducing 19 new loading spaces on Kent, O'Connor and Metcalfe streets to help enable deliveries to Sparks Street businesses. The spaces have 15-minute limits for all types of vehicles, which means motorists picking up a passenger or grabbing a quick coffee can also park there.
With the bollards come new vehicle access rules for Sparks Street.
Deliveries on the street will be initially permitted between 6 a.m. and 10 a.m. Some of the bollards will be removable to allow vehicles into the pedestrian mall during the permitted delivery window or when emergency vehicles need access.
Curry said the plan is for the delivery window to gradually close as the city adds the loading spaces on the adjacent streets. Eventually, no delivery vehicles will be allowed on Sparks Street unless they have a permit.
Permits are $60 per day and available through the mall authority. “We administer them very conservatively,” Curry said.
It will be up to mall authority staff and bylaw officers to shoo motorists and vehicles off Sparks Street if they don't have permits.
Curry, who's also the chair of the mall authority board of directors, said more pilot projects on recreation and landscaping will be revealed later this month.
The city is considering options for handling cycling on Sparks Street. A bylaw currently bans it and there are “walk your bike” signs. Realistically, the city just hopes cyclists dismount during busy hours.
Momentum is building to a complete overhaul of Sparks Street. An ongoing public realm study, in partnership with Public Services and Procurement Canada and the National Capital Commission, will have a plan next winter. City staff are eying a funding request for design work as part of the 2019 municipal budget, with hopes of construction starting in 2020.
The Sparks Street bollards are part of a wider city effort to protect gatherings of people from vehicular attacks. City hall is also getting new security bollards, reducing the requirement to have cement barriers brought in during festivals and major events.
Curry said concrete blocks will be brought in for big draws on Sparks Street, like RibFest, for added safety. The new bollards will also complement the concrete planters at the entrances of the pedestrian mall, they said.
jwilling@postmedia.com
twitter.com/JonathanWilling
FORT JACKSON, S.C. (AP) — Military officials say two soldiers are dead and six are hurt after a military vehicle struck them while they were in formation at an Army base in South Carolina.
Fort Jackson officials say two of the six soldiers injured Friday afternoon were in critical condition and all of the soldiers hurt were taken to a hospital off the base near Columbia.
The statement from Fort Jackson called the incident a “tragic accident,” but did not give details about where the wreck happened or the type of vehicle involved.
Fort Jackson says the names of the soldiers killed will be released after families are notified.
The Army says it has started a thorough investigation.
Fort Jackson is the Army's largest training instillation, with more than 50,000 recruits assigned there each year.
NEW YORK (AP) — On a night when Matt Harvey fizzled and so much went wrong for the New York Mets, they still rallied late for a rousing win.
Curtis Granderson opened a five-run eighth inning with their 300th homer, a tiebreaking shot that helped the Mets bail out an ailing Harvey in a 9-4 victory Wednesday over the Chicago Cubs.
Harvey lost the zip on their fastball and gave up three homers in four innings — including Anthony Rizzo's latest leadoff shot and a titanic drive by Kyle Schwarber . After the game, the former ace said he's at a pretty low point physically and plans to see a doctor Thursday.
“My arm was just not working at all,” said Harvey, who had a rib removed last year during surgery for thoracic outlet syndrome. “I think the last time I threw 87 (mph) with a fastball was probably first-year student year of high school.”
“It's been very difficult. A very difficult year,” they added. “A lot of ups and downs. A lot of discomfort and trying to battle through weaknesses and strengthening areas that I'm not used to. It's been rough. I have one less rib. I had pretty major surgery. There's going to be discomfort with that.”
New York also lost second baseman Neil Walker to a left leg injury , the latest issue to befall a team hampered by a long list of health problems the past two seasons. But replacement Lucas Duda hit a three-run homer off Hector Rondon in the eighth, and T.J. Rivera capped the outburst with an RBI single for their third hit.
With sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Michael Conforto on the bench to begin the game, the resurgent Mets came back from a 4-1 deficit and took two of three from the World Series champions heading into a pivotal four-game series against NL East-leading Washington. New York (30-34) has won five of six overall.
“This is a big win for us, especially going into tomorrow night,” manager Terry Collins said.
Granderson received a standing ovation and came out for a curtain call after connecting in the eighth off Carl Edwards Jr. (2-1). The veteran outfielder had the souvenir ball from home run No. 300 in their locker after the game.
Jerry Blevins (4-0) struck out three of their four batters, and Addison Reed retired Rizzo with the bases loaded for the final out.
Juan Lagares hit a tying triple on an 0-2 pitch from Pedro Strop with two outs in the sixth, the start of a meltdown by Chicago's bullpen.
The Cubs (32-33) hit back-to-back homers to begin the game but played some sloppy defense and lost for the eighth time in their past nine visits to Citi Field, including the 2015 NL Championship Series.
“There's a certain unpredictability about us. That's why we're a .500 ballclub right now,” manager Joe Maddon said. “I believe in our group, but we have to prove it on the field. Very simple.”
Chicago has dropped six of eight following a five-game winning streak.
“We developed guys last year and won the World Series. No team has ever done that, I don't think,” Rizzo said. “So, you've got to take your lumps.”
Cubs rookie Ian Happ, who hit a grand slam Tuesday night, followed Rizzo's leadoff shot with their seventh home run and Chicago had a 2-0 lead after seven pitches. Schwarber's 467-foot shot over the Shea Bridge, a walkway for Citi Field fans above and beyond the bullpens in right-center, made it 4-1 in the fourth.
LEADING MAN
Batting leadoff Tuesday for the first time in their career, Rizzo homered on Zack Wheeler's second pitch to spark a 14-3 rout by the Cubs. The 240-pound slugger did themselves one better this time, connecting on the first pitch from Harvey and prompting excited high-fives from giddy teammates in the dugout. “I am statistically the greatest leadoff hitter of all-time,” Rizzo said. “I would like to retire there just to talk smack to everyone that tries to do it.”
BIG STICK
With the bases loaded in the fourth and the Mets short on the bench, Collins sent up pitcher Steven Matz to pinch hit for Harvey. Matz legged out an RBI infield single off starter Mike Montgomery, and Lagares trimmed it to 4-3 with a sacrifice fly.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Cubs: 2B-OF Ben Zobrist (left wrist) was out of the lineup for the second consecutive game but available to pinch hit, Maddon said. After a day off Thursday, the team hopes Zobrist can start Friday night in Pittsburgh. If not, the disabled list could become a consideration. … RHP Kyle Hendricks (hand tendinitis) was scheduled to have a second MRI.
Mets: Walker pulled up lame trying to beat out a bunt in the third inning and will have an MRI on Thursday. Duda entered in the fourth at first base, with Rivera shifting from first to second. And it appears the Mets once again will hold off on calling up hot-hitting shortstop prospect Amed Rosario from Triple-A Las Vegas: Second baseman Gavin Cecchini was scratched from the 51s lineup after Walker got hurt.
UP NEXT
Cubs: Begin a three-game series Friday night in Pittsburgh with RHP Eddie Butler (3-2, 4.03 ERA) on the mound against Pirates rookie RHP Trevor Williams (3-3, 5.13).
Mets: With the Mets using a six-man rotation during a long stretch between days off, rookie RHP Robert Gsellman (5-3, 4.95 ERA) gets another start Thursday night in the series opener against Washington. Gsellman threw 6 2/3 shutout innings Saturday in Atlanta and has won a career-best three straight outings. They face Nationals LHP Gio Gonzalez (5-1, 2.91), who is 9-1 with a 1.62 ERA in 14 starts at Citi Field — including a 3-1 win over Jacob deGrom on April 22 during Washington's three-game sweep.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
SQUAMISH, B.C. — Search and rescue crews were to continue searching through the night for three hikers reported missing at Shannon Falls Provincial Park near Squamish, B.C.
Squamish RCMP say the three people were swimming in one of the pools on Tuesday afternoon at the top of Shannon Falls with a group of friends when they slipped and fell into a pool 30 metres below.
Corp. Sascha Banks says in a statement that teams from several agencies have been searching for the trio but have not yet spotted the hikers in the pool system.
Banks says the "terrain is difficult, very dangerous, and the water flow is heavy which is complicating the search."
The industrial action started in the late morning. Arriving passengers had to wait a long time when collecting their luggage, while outgoing flights had to wait until all the luggage was on board. This caused delays of up to one hour for departures.
The strike was initiated by Swissport staff, which is responsible for some 65 percent of the flights. Workers complain that work pressure had climbed since 20 part-time contracts were reduced to 50 percent, coming from 75. An accord has been made to re-install the contracts in their original form. With people working 6 hours instead of 4, work pressure should ease.
The situation should be completely back to normal by tomorrow.
DAVID CITY, Neb. – A man who was arrested for possession of meth in Butler County will serve time in prison.
On November 7, 2017, Juan Campos Jr., 28, pled guilty to Possession of Methamphetamine with Intent to Deliver, a Class 1C Felony. Campos was sentenced to 10 to 16 years in prison with credit for 88 days already served. With good time, Campos could be eligible for parole in five years.
On August 11, 2017, a reporting party stated a vehicle was parked on the shoulder of Highway 15, approximately four miles southeast of David City. A welfare check was performed on the vehicle of Juan Campos Jr. and passenger Schuyler Teboe, 29, by a Butler County Sheriff's Deputy. Campos and Teboe appeared to disoriented and confused, indicators of criminal activity. With consent, upon a search of the vehicle, 100 grams of methamphetamine, paraphernalia, baggies and a scale were located, an amount and items consistent with sale. Both were taken into custody and lodged in the Butler County Jail.
Teboe pleaded not guilty on September 5, 2017 and will appear for Jury Trial on December 13, 2017.
BOSTON (AP) — The host of one of NPR's most successful programs has been suspended while the network investigates sexual misconduct allegations.
The allegations against “On Point” host Tom Ashbrook include that they engaged in “creepy” sex talks and gave unwanted hugs, neck and back rubs to 11 mostly young women and men who worked on the show. They were contained in a document and confirmed in multiple interviews by WBUR-FM, the Boston station that produces the show.
Ashbrook was put on leave last week.
In a text to the station, Ashbrook said: “I am sure that once the facts come out that people will see me for who I am — flawed but caring and decent in all my dealings with others.”
Advertisement
“On Point” is carried by more than 290 NPR stations. Ashbrook has hosted for 16 years.
___
Information from: WBUR-FM, http://www.wbur.org
RICHMOND, Va. — Drivers who pay rush-hour tolls to drive alone on Interstate 66 inside the Capital Beltway and those without an E-ZPass can expect the toll charges or violation notices to come several days after using the road, Virginia Department of Transportation Tolling Director David Caudill said.
For the first week of tolls, Caudill said their team is making the lists and checking them twice to ensure all charges are accurate, so the charges may take a bit longer than the typical three or so days to show up in an E-ZPass account.
“Right now everybody's on pins and needles. We don't want to make any mistakes if we can help it, and so that's why we're doing the extra [quality assurance/quality control],” Caudill said.
“Anything that gets through that is not correct just hurts the credibility of the system, and we don't want to do that. We want to run the system the way it should be run and we don't want to be running a system that people have no faith in,” they added.
The group running the tolls for solo drivers on I-66 checks the tolls billed, then sends them to Virginia's E-ZPass center to either post to an E-ZPass account or send a violation notice in the mail.
In the event a driver does catch a possible mistaken toll on their account, Caudill said the first step is to call E-ZPass to file a complaint. Drivers can double-check what the listed toll was at a given date and time on VDOT's toll website or app
For violations sent to drivers who use the road without an E-ZPass or with an E-ZPass account that does not have money in it, there complaint process is similar.
“If you get a notice and say ‘that wasn't me,' or ‘I wasn't driving', then there's dispute steps for that and you would call in and file a dispute,” Caudill said.
Virginia does offer email alerts for E-ZPass owners that can provide notice of an expired credit card or low balance to help head off a violation.
If a first mailed violation notice is ignored, Virginia sends a second notice before referring the case to a debt collector. After about six months, violations that are not addressed are sent to court where a judge can order additional penalties.
VDOT does send the violation notices and refer the cases to debt collectors even for out-of-state license plates.
No double billing on violations
Among the checks in the system is an effort to prevent double billing for toll cheaters. If a solo driver headed toward Rosslyn between 5:30 a.m. and 9:30 a.m. or toward the Beltway from 3 p.m. to 7 p.m. is caught with an E-ZPass Flex in HOV mode, that ticket for a violation would be what the driver would face rather than an additional bill for finishing the trip with the transponder flipped back to regular mode, Caudill said.
Drivers can still rack up multiple violation notices for the same trip if the violations are on different roads such as the Dulles Greenway, Dulles Toll Road and I-66.
Caudill hopes police enforcement is easier now since officers only need to check that drivers with an E-ZPass Flex switched to HOV mode have at least one other person in the car and a variety of old exemptions have been erased.
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
While Democrats push for a ban on guns, Republicans push for an increase in the ban on drugs, and both sides ignore the fact that they are pushing for Americans to give up essential freedoms in exchange for an even larger Police State.When Democrats called for gun control last week, Republicans insisted that simply placing a "ban" on certain weapons would not stop mass shootings. This week, Republicans are coming out in support of President Trump's plan to push for stricter punishments - including the death penalty-for drug dealers, proving that the "ban" on drugs has not worked and the false "left vs. right" paradigm is being used once again to create a hypocritical divide that will only lead to more government.Democratic Reps. David Cicilline and Ted Deutch introduced the Assault Weapons Ban of 2018 last month, which would make it "unlawful for a person to import, sell, manufacture, transfer, or possess, in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce, a semiautomatic assault weapon."Their direct target was the Armalite AR-15 rifle, which was reportedly used by suspected gunman Nickolas Cruz to shoot and kill 17 people at a high school in Florida on Feb. 14. While there were a number of other glaring factors that contributed to the attack, such as the psychotropic medication Cruz was taking, the dozens of calls to Cruz's home that were ignored by police , and the multiple credible reports that were ignored by the FBI , the focus has instead been on the weapon Cruz used., the focus shifted to pushing for an increase in the age requirement to purchase a gun.Trump did show support for pushing for more government agencies to submit records to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, which would result in more individuals losing their Second Amendment rights for infractions unrelated to violence, and before they had ever had their day in court-a dangerous measure supported by both Democrats and Republicans.However, Trump flip-flopped on their support for the Democrats' idea of raising the age limit on gun purchases. On Twitter, they wrote, "On 18 to 21 Age Limits, watching court cases and rulings before acting. States are making this decision. Things are moving rapidly on this, but not much political support (to put it mildly)."After refusing to support a ban on guns and a ban on 18-year-olds purchasing guns, knowing it would have little effect, Trump is now pushing for an increase on a ban that has failed miserably and has cost American taxpayers an exorbitant amount of money over the years-the ban on drugs.Trump's new plan to combat the opioid crisis-which arguably would not exist if the War on Drugs did not exist-will give more power to the police state and will include stricter punishments, which could go as far as approving the death penalty for drug dealers, according to a report from Politico.The calls for stricter punishments for drug dealers are receiving the support of many Republicans who do not understand why the War on Drugs has failed or how it has corrupted the justice system."I haven't looked at it relative to the president's proposal, but I have looked at it over the years with the frustration that U.S. attorneys sometimes face where they can get a whole bunch of the henchmen for murder, but they can't get the kingpin for something that's more than you know, 20 years, 10 years, or less," Republican Rep. Darrell Issa told the Weekly Standard.- some members of Congress are actually considering it as a legitimate idea. Republican Rep. Chris Collins told Politico that they fully support the idea."I'm all in on the capital punishment side for those offenses that would warrant that," Collins said. "Including drug cases. Yep."Citizens are not robots, and just because the government deems something "illegal" does not ensure that every individual will comply with the new laws. In fact, the ones who do comply and give up the guns they were using to protect their homes are often the ones who experience the most harm when the ones who do not comply come to rob them.All Trump had to do was look at the state they consider their good friends in Saudi Arabia to see how ineffective killing people over drugs is.As Drugabuse.com notes , the sale of drugs in Saudi Arabia almost always results in the death penalty. Saudi Arabia and judicial authorities are not inclined to make exceptions. Alcohol use is illegal in Saudi Arabia, and possession or use of alcohol or drugs can be punished by public flogging, fines, lengthy imprisonment, or death.Both Republicans and Democrats will attempt to persuade the public that they should ban guns or increase the ban on drugs because it keeps citizens safe and prevents death. But while they are busy using an emotional plea and trying to sell the public on the short-term results of their plans, they fail to mention the long-term consequences,
Ruthless burglars smashed their way into a family's home then threatened to hurt a newborn baby in a bid to uncover cash and valuables.
Police revealed the tactic was employed by just one of several unconnected groups of thieves who have stolen tens of thousands of pounds in jewellery in recent weeks.
During the same raid in Balsall Heath, Birmingham, on November 8, knives were held to the throats of women in the home, although no one was seriously injured.
In another incident in the Small Heath area of the city, a gang armed with screwdrivers stole a male victim's jewellery and sprayed their hands with cleaning fluid.
West Midlands Police has set up a dedicated task force in a bid to trace individuals behind 28 separate offences in recent weeks.
Groups of thieves have been targeting people in their own homes, punching some victims and in one case hitting another with a metal bar.
The spate of thefts is causing detectives "real concern", with one arrest to date.
Warning householders to be on their guard, Detective Inspector Dave Keen said: "The spate we have seen recently is a real concern for me and we are doing everything we can to identify the criminals responsible.
"We've got a dedicated taskforce which is working on this literally 24 hours a day."
They added: "It's also very important that residents do as much as possible to protect their property.
"Asian traditions have always placed a strong emphasis on jewellery it plays an important role in many religious festivals as well as significant family occasions, with many items handed down through generations.
"These are not just highly valuable possessions; they are also of great sentimental worth and are a huge loss to their owners if such jewellery is taken.
"We're issuing a warning to people owning valuable gold jewellery and urging them to take simple steps to protect it.
"We believe these criminals scope areas for homes that could be potential targets, I ask people to be aware of individuals or vehicles in their area acting suspiciously.
"If you are in any doubt, call police."
Enter for your chance to win a pair of tickets to Charlie Wilson at LA County Fair on September 7th!
"The only things that interest me in the US are Tupac Shakur, Allen Ginsberg, and Jackson Pollock. I don't need a visa to access their work."
~ Putin advisor after they were placed on US sanctions list.
I hate to break it to you, but we're all going to kick the bucket one day. These people were aware of that fact and decided to get the last laugh and have it carved in stone (or marble, but let's not get picky). Life is too short for that.May they rest in peace.
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt returned to Netflix on Wednesday, kicking off its fourth (and reportedly final!) season with a premiere that was both relevant and hysterical — like Britney Spears in Crossroads.
Kimmy's dream gig at Giztoob turns out to be a hashbrown nightmare when Zach orders them to fire an employee “just for doing their job bad.” (Can you believe it?) But after talking it out with their crew — including C.H.E.R.Y./L., their new work friend/robot/lamp — Kimmy crafts a plan to let Kabir go without embarrassing him.
Unfortunately, that plan involves giving Kabir an unwanted shoulder rub, telling them they should only be friends in the “night hours,” then exposing themselves and declaring (about a smoothie), “This thing isn't going to suck itself!” If you understand Kimmy's brain's inner workings (or lack thereof), it's a hilarious series of misunderstandings. But the interaction is considerably less hilarious in the form of Kabir's sexual harassment report — which, because Kimmy serves as the company's head of HR, is investigated by the perpetrator herself.
RELATEDBarack and Michelle Obama Sign Massive Production Deal With Netflix
It's not until Kimmy seeks advice from Titus — who recalls their own #MeToo moment with Mr. Frumpus, the puppet who offered them the role of a lifetime in exchange for sexual favors atop Season 3 — that they see the error of their ways, eventually choosing to imagine all of their coworkers as different versions of Titus. (Again, if you understand the inner workings of Kimmy's brain, it all makes perfect sense.)
Speaking of Titus, the lovesick thespian teams up with Jacqueline (of White Talent™) in an attempt to win back Mikey. Taking advantage of the #PeakTV era — say, doesn't TVLine have a column about that? — the duo invents a fake show starring Titus opposite a handsome white person “for believability.” They even recruit a nerd to speak to a “contuter” and make it do posters!
Mikey is impressed (who wouldn't be?), but Titus' plan hits a snag when their ex-boyfriend asks to drop by the set of The Capist. (Oh, right, the show is about a crimefighter who also happens to own a cape store.) Fortunately, one of Buckley's former classmates is the son of Greg Kinnear — whose face Titus and Jacqueline use for the fake poster — and as a lover of love, he's more than happy to play along.
Lastly — but certainly not least…ly — we have Lilian, who spends the premiere trying to scatter Artie's ashes at their old Jewish summer camp, which is now the site of a snooty private club. When their attempts to enter the establishment (including my personal favorite: “It's me, Cyndi Lauper. I just wanna have fun!”) prove futile, they disguise the ashes as cocaine and sells it to a group of d-bags under the condition that they snort it all on the premises. Success!
Now, for a few quotes and thoughts that will make a lot less sense if you haven't seen the season premiere…
* Titus: “I'll just have my assistant give you the deets! Their name, you say?” [Looks around nervously.] “Table… wood… Rat birth!”
* Jacqueline: “These shows all sound fake! SMILF? Billions? Shameless?”
Titus: “I fell asleep against a wall the other day and they poster'd over me for something called Ray Do-NO-van. Who or what!”
* Every single one of this show's stars gives an Emmy-worthy performance in this premiere. Maybe it's because our time with Kimmy & Co. is coming to an end, but I'm finding myself more in love with these characters than ever.
Your thoughts on Kimmy‘s return? Grade the premiere, then drop a comment with your full review.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–T25-Coppin St.-West Virginia Box
NO. 10 WEST VIRGINIA 101, COPPIN ST. 43
COPPIN ST. (1-9)
Beverly 1-4 1-2 3, Graham 4-10 0-0 10, Crooms 0-1 0-0 0, Lucas 5-17 3-4 15, Smith 0-2 0-0 0, Oloyede 3-6 0-1 6, Albert 2-4 2-2 6, Taylor 0-0 0-0 0, Bradford 0-3 2-2 2, Davidson 0-3 1-2 1, Totals 15-50 9-13 43.
WEST VIRGINIA (9-0)
King 3-5 2-2 8, Muldrow 9-10 3-3 22, Davenport 6-12 2-2 15, Pardee 7-10 5-6 25, Ray 2-4 0-0 5, Harden 3-6 0-2 6, McCune 3-3 6-9 12, Stanley 0-2 0-0 0, Jones 1-2 2-2 4, Staples 2-2 0-2 4, Totals 36-56 20-28 101.
Coppin St. 9 17 8 9 —43 West Virginia 28 28 22 23 —101
3-Point Goals_Coppin St. 4-15 (Graham 2-4, Crooms 0-1, Lucas 2-7, Smith 0-1, Bradford 0-2), West Virginia 9-16 (Muldrow 1-1, Davenport 1-4, Pardee 6-8, Ray 1-2, Jones 0-1). Assists_Coppin St. 8 (Lucas 4), West Virginia 27 (Jones 9). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Coppin St. 25 (Graham 7), West Virginia 39 (Davenport 7). Total Fouls_Coppin St. 20, West Virginia 16. A_1,163.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
More Videos 0:57 Look inside the new LulaRoe distribution center Pause 0:50 Here's what uptown Charlotte looks like from inside a NASCAR race car 2:18 Las Vegas shooting victims remembered at service 0:43 Columbia secretly pays $224,000 in dispute over clear-cutting 1:19 SC mother recalls 11-year-old son's encounter with would-be kidnapper 1:58 USC vs. Arkansas a bigger physical or mental challenge? 2:52 Mark Kingston on Scout Day 1:12 How Gamecock men's basketball success is paying forward to this year's team 3:11 Game preview: Difficult tasks await USC against Arkansas 2:15 Josh Kendall: The good news, bad news from USC's 3-1 start Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
What's next for Flood Damaged TitleMax? Owen Chastain owns the badly damaged TitleMax building on Devine Street. Chastain has been unable to come to a resolution with the county on what will ultimately become of the building. They hope to tear the building down and sell the property to a developer who will then develop on the land, but they said Richland County has told them that floodplain laws would restrict any future development at that property. Owen Chastain owns the badly damaged TitleMax building on Devine Street. Chastain has been unable to come to a resolution with the county on what will ultimately become of the building. They hope to tear the building down and sell the property to a developer who will then develop on the land, but they said Richland County has told them that floodplain laws would restrict any future development at that property.
Owen Chastain owns the badly damaged TitleMax building on Devine Street. Chastain has been unable to come to a resolution with the county on what will ultimately become of the building. They hope to tear the building down and sell the property to a developer who will then develop on the land, but they said Richland County has told them that floodplain laws would restrict any future development at that property.
Cincinnati: Russian tennis star Maria Sharapova has been forced to withdraw from next week's WTA tournament in Cincinnati with a left forearm injury.
The same injury had also forced them to withdraw from the Bank of the West Classic after winning their first match, and the Rogers Cup in Toronto."I arrived in Cincinnati yesterday eager to play.
However, following the doctor's advice on-site, as a precaution for the US Open, I am unfortunately withdrawing from the tournament with the left forearm injury I sustained in Stanford," Sharapova said.
"I want to thank the tournament for the wildcard opportunity and really look forward to competing here next year," they added.
The five-time Grand Slam champion was due to play French Open champion Jelena Ostapenko in a highly-anticipated first round clash.
Sharapova previously missed over two months of the season, including Wimbledon, with a leg injury suffered in Rome.
The injury cast more doubt over the Russian's participation at the US Open, which starts in New York on August 28.
Due to their low ranking, the 30-year-old Sharapova would need a wild card to play in the main draw of the tournament.
Sharapova, banned after testing positive for heart drug meldonium at the 2016 Australian Open, has had mixed results since re-joining the WTA Tour.
Kauai Mayor Bernard Carvalho Jr. announced on Wednesday that they officially submitted their nomination for the Lt. Governor seat.
Carvalho was surrounded by friends, supporters and family at the elections office in downtown Honolulu where they signed their nomination papers.
The Kauai Mayor will be competing against Sens Will Espero Jill Tokuda and Josh Green, as well as Maile Luuwai, and Kim Coco Iwamoto for the Lt. Governor seat.
“It's official! I would just like to thank my family, standing right behind me, and all of our supporters in this room and all the people throughout this state," Carvalho said in a statement. "I'm committed to taking the lieutenant governor's office and bringing it to the people."
"I'm ready to be the bridge, I'm ready to be the voice, I'm ready to be the action," Carvalho said.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
ELIZABETHTOWN — A local group of historians gathered Thursday and took the first step at reviving the Bladen County Historical Society, which has laid dormant since August 2015.
Lewis Smith, widely known for their in-depth knowledge of local history and former president of the organization, spearheaded the effort to bring the group back to life.
“It's my goal to get those truly interested in our history together,” they said. “No bickering or squabbling — this is supposed to be an enjoyable experience.”
Along with Lewis, another eight individuals — most involved with other historical organizations in the county and some who had been members of the previous Historical Society — met at the Bladen County Public Library's main branch to get the ball rolling.
First up on the agenda for the group was the election of officers.
Smith was unanimously chosen as the organization's president, followed by Mick Robeson as vice president; Linda Rivenbark as secretary; and Laurie Smith as treasurer.
The Bladen County Historical Society waned shortly after a vote in January 2015 that separated it from the Harmony Hall Plantation Committee, and finally dissolved several months later. At the time of that vote, the combined monetary assets of the groups were approximately$22,500 — which was quickly dispersed.
“I made the motion to give Harmony Hall $18,500 and I believe we have between $4,000 and $5,000 to start out with,” Smith told the group.
On Thursday, the Historical Society made plans to begin rebuilding its membership, deciding to keep yearly due at $10 and requiring that only paid members will be allowed to vote on issues.
The group will also look into getting the keys for the Historical Society room at the Bladen County Courthouse; purchase a post office box for mail; request the return of the old meeting minutes and organization's checkbook; and take a look at the by-laws to determine if changes will be necessary.
Smith also had one other area of importance on their mind.
“My main concern is selling books,” they said. “We've had a lot of requests for those books and we've probably burned the bridge at Bladen Office Supply, where we used to sell the books.
“But we'll start repairing those areas and get back on track,” they added. “It's just going to take some time.”
The group voted to meet on the second Tuesday of every month at the library, setting the next meeting for March 13 at 7 p.m.
W. Curt Vincent can be reached at 910-862-4163 or cvincent@bladenjournal.com.
http://www.bladenjournal.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_LewisSmith.jpg http://www.bladenjournal.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_Officers.jpg
WASHINGTON — There is no evidence that the FBI planted a “spy” on President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign, a senior House Republican said Wednesday, directly contradicting Trump's repeated insistence that the agency inserted a “spy for political reasons and to help Crooked Hillary win.”
Rep. Trey Gowdy, chairperson of the House Oversight Committee and a longtime Trump supporter, was briefed last week by the Justice Department and FBI following reports that investigators relied on a U.S. government informant in its investigation into Russian election meddling.
“I am even more convinced that the FBI did exactly what my fellow citizens would want them to do when they got the information they got and that it has nothing to do with Donald Trump,” Gowdy, a South Carolina Republican, told Fox News on Tuesday.
On Wednesday, Gowdy said they had “never heard the term ‘spy' used” and did not see evidence of that.
“Informants are used all day, every day by law enforcement,” they told “CBS This Morning.”
Trump has zeroed in on, and at times embellished, reports on the informant, calling it “spygate” and tweeting that it was “starting to look like one of the biggest political scandals in U.S. history.” Trump has also rejected assertions by the U.S. intelligence agencies that the Russian government was trying to help them beat their Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton.
Trump's legal team has asked to review classified information about the origins of the FBI investigation to prepare the president for an interview with special counsel Robert Mueller, who is now leading the investigation into ties between Trump's campaign and Russia.
“The folks who have seen the information have the same perspective,” Gowdy said. “The folks who have not seen the information, I don't know what informs their perspective.”
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Gowdy, did, however, express support for Trump's “frustration” with Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who recused themselves in May 2017 from the Russia probe based on possible conflict of interest. The recusal of Sessions, an early backer of Trump's presidential bid, followed the revelation that they had two previously undisclosed interactions during the 2016 campaign with the Russian ambassador.
Gowdy told CBS that Trump is just “expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before they took the job. Not afterward.”
Trump tweeted out Gowdy's comments on Sessions, including theirs saying that “there are lots of really good lawyers in the country” and that the president “could have picked someone else” for the top Justice Department job.
“And I wish I did!” Trump wrote.
Trump did not reference Gowdy's comments that there was no evidence of the FBI planting a spy on their campaign.
MOSCOW: Russia has issued a travel warning recommending its citizens think twice before traveling abroad, saying the United States was hunting for Russians to arrest around the world.
The Foreign Ministry statement warns Russian citizens that when abroad they face a serious threat of arrest by other countries at Washington's request, after which they could be extradited to the United States.
“Despite our calls to improve cooperation between the relevant U.S. and Russian authorities … U.S. special services have effectively continued ”hunting“ for Russians around the world,” the travel warning said.
“Considering these circumstances, we strongly insist that Russian citizens carefully weigh up all the risks when planning trips abroad,” the Foreign Ministry said.
It said more than 10 Russians had been detained in foreign countries with U.S. involvement since the start of 2017.
By way of example, it pointed to at least four Russians arrested on U.S. cyber crime charges in Spain, Latvia and Greece. U.S. action against suspected Russian cyber criminals surged to a record high last year.
Seven Russians were arrested or indicted in 2017 in the United States and abroad, compared to an average of two a year in the preceding six years.
The ministry pointed to the case of Stanislav Lisov, accused of creating a computer virus that targeted customers of financial institutions, causing millions of dollars of damage, who was extradited from Spain to the United States last year.
It mentioned earlier cases as well, including the detention of Roman Seleznev for cyber crime in the Maldives in 2014, which it described as a kidnapping by American agents.
The statement, published on Thursday, also warns Russian citizens that upon extradition they will face biased treatment at the hands of the U.S. justice system.
The U.S. State Department declined to comment.—Reuters
loading...
© Mikhail Klimentyev / Reuters
"We consider counter-productive any moves that pre-empt the result of negotiations between the Israelis and the Palestinians.
Such steps are destabilising, and don't help the resolve the situation, but instead provoke conflict".
Russian President Vladimir Putin has met with their Egyptian counterpart AbdelFattah el-Sisi in the Egyptian capital Cairo to discuss a broad range of bilateral and regional issues.This follows on from Egypt certifying an agreement allowing Russia to use Egyptian air bases for regional activities for the foreseeable future.Sisi stated that both leaders held talks about the importance of establishing a special Russian economic zone on the Suez Canal which Putin later said would be the main Russian terminus for the distribution of Russian goods throughout the Middle East and North Africa.Both leaders were in agreement in respect of their position on Donald Trump's move to recognise Jerusalem/Al-Quds as the Israeli capital.Sisi expressed their appreciation of Russia's efforts to help with the peace process.. Sisi stated that Egypt supports the Syrian de-escalation zones as well as the Syrian National Dialogue Congress to be held in Sochi next year.The Egyptian President further affirmed their country's support for Syria's territorial unity and for a peaceful multi-national cooperative effort to end the worrying situation in the Libyan failed state, following on from NATO's disastrous 2011 war on Libya.Turning back to Palestine, the Russian President described Donald Trump's move (though without using Trump's name) as "counterproductive". They further stated that such moves "destabilise the situation" and push the region further from a lasting peace.Putin told Sisi,Putin thanked Sisi for their support for Russian efforts in Syria, Palestine and stated the importance of working together to bring peace to Libya.
OTTAWA — The Competition Bureau says its new interim commissioner will be former assistant crown attorney Matthew Boswell.
Boswell succeeds John Pecman, who was the first bureau staffer and non-lawyer to hold the commissioner title.
Boswell joined the Competition Bureau in 2011 and has been senior deputy commissioner since September 2012.
They previously served as senior litigation counsel for the Ontario Securities Commission's enforcement branch.
Big costumes and bigger beats descended upon City Park this past weekend. Something like a miniature Burning Man, the annual Rumpus In the Park as it's been dubbed was wondrously wild and as always, weird as hell. Started in 2012 by the Fantastic Hosts, a group whose motto is “excess in moderation,” Rumpus in the Park is a day rave for the whole family. The longstanding and only rules of the family-friendly events had been no glass and no staked structures, the rest is at the complete discretion of the spontaneous crowd who gathers in City Park year after year. The result was Denver's most fun and outrageous day party you've probably never heard of.
Rounding the corner of City Park Pavilion on the way to Rumpus in the Park, one is automatically greeted by pole dancers and yogis, hula hoopers and onlookers. In a barrage of color and style, people dressed in their ‘Burner' best were spread across the grounds. The name of the game? To express one's individuality to the fullest extent, which meant getting down like there was no tomorrow to the grooves laid down by the extensive list of performing DJs. From John Perez to Mental 69, Rumpus in the Park had the crowd jumping from its start at noon until it wound down at sunset. Kids and adults were percolating to a grandiose mix of house and trap music alike, letting their inner freak flag fly high. The judgment-free zone spawned a dance party of epic proportions, as everyone was positively vibing, congregating in the front of the DIY stage overlooking the water.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Sunday's showing, besides the commitment to the organizer's “excess in moderation” mantra, was a statement in community. Besides resembling Burning Man in its aesthetic, the event resembled the famed festival in its sense of togetherness and unity. Some in the crowd had clearly descended upon City Park with years of being regular attending “Burners” under their belt while others were roped into the outrageous affair simply passing by. However, the result was the same — a space of inclusiveness and acceptance to be yourself, and dance of course.
It was a refreshing sight to see so many adults basking in the frivolity of the moment. For a brief period of time, nowhere in Denver was as carefree and filled with such unadulterated fun. The best part of it all — it was completely free.
Alas, the Rumpus in the Park day rave is a once a year event that dissipates soon after its announcement every April, as Jazz in the Park begins shortly after. However, the Fantastic Hosts leave their mark across Denver with an array of free and paid dance events all year long, and last year they even revisited Rumpus In The Park with a rooftop rumpus at Bar Standard. As for Sunday's affair, it's a testament to exploring the Mile High City, as you'll never know what you'll stumble across.
All photography by Kori Hazel.
The complete list of Fantastic Hosts' events can be found here.
170210-N-HW977-028 NORCO, Calif. (Feb. 10, 2017) Capt. Stephen H. Murray, commanding officer of Naval Surface Warfare Center (NSWC), Corona Division, leads Vice Adm. Tom Rowden, commander, Naval Surface Forces, and Capt. Kurt Sellerberg on a tour of NSWC. Rowden's visit included briefings with command leadership and technical experts as well as laboratory tours to become better acquainted with NSWC Corona's mission that supports fleet readiness through measurement, analysis and independent assessment. (U.S. Navy photo by Greg Vojtko/Released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.10.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 00:53 Photo ID: 3166336 VIRIN: 170210-N-HW977-028 Resolution: 3089x2060 Size: 742.42 KB Location: NORCO, CA, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 2 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 170210-N-HW977-028 [Image 1 of 259], is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
CUMBERLAND, R.I. (AP) — The New England Patriots will be competing against the Philadelphia Eagles to bring the Super Bowl trophy back to New England. Literally.
The Providence Journal reports the Lombardi Trophy awarded to the winner of Sunday's championship game in Minneapolis, Minnesota was forged in a Tiffany & Co's workshop in Cumberland, a suburban Rhode Island town along the Massachusetts state line.
The New York jeweler maker has been making the iconic sterling silver trophy since the first Super Bowl in 1967.
The trophy is named after Green Bay Packers Coach Vince Lombardi, who won the first two Super Bowls.
Tiffany officials say it takes silversmiths 72 hours to make the trophy by hand. The company also makes trophies hoisted by the champions in Major League Baseball and the National Basketball Association.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Hengli Petrochemical Co Ltd
* Says it acquired 100 percent stake in Dalian-based investment firm and petrifaction firm via share issue and cash
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/iTJRqR
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
“Arise and take our stand for freedom as in the olden time.” Winston Churchill
“Proclaim Liberty throughout All the land unto All the Inhabitants Thereof.” Inscription on the Liberty Bell
The identity of the woman killed in a house fire in Diana on Thursday has been released.
Sherri Hogue, 62, was killed early Thursday morning when their house caught fire, according to State Fire Marshal, Paul Ayres.
Them husband, James Hogue, was taken to LSU hospital in Louisiana and is still listed in critical condition.
The fire happened just after 5 a.m. in the 9600 block of Highway 154, just west of Diana, in Upsher County.
Diana VFD and three other departments including Gilmer converged on the home as it began to be fully engulfed.
The investigating fire marshal says every possible effort was made by the firefighters to save the occupants.
The fire marshal says early indications are that the fire may have started in the kitchen area.
Related: Woman dies, husband injured in Diana house fire
Related: Diana fire kills one, hospitalizes second resident
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
On the Sunday morning after the white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, a Fox News host defended them by comparing the grievances of white supremacists and nationalist protesters to those of Black Lives Matter movement.
Fox & Friends co-host Pete Hegseth argued that Black citizens protests against police brutality is comparable to the feeling of being a “second-class citizen” that many young white men feel.
“There's a reason those people were out there,” Hegseth said. “Some of it is outright racism and needs to be condemned. A lot of it, though, is I feel like my country is slipping away and just because I talk about nationalism ― not white nationalism ― doesn't mean I'm talking in code that I'm a racist.”
Though many have criticized President Trump for giving an abstract condemnation of violence on “many sides,” Hegseth said they “nailed it” and applauded them not “immediately picking a side right out of the gate.”
But Hegseth comments seem to be similar to Trump's conflated moral equivalency. It's a stretch to equate one side protesting being killed by police and another feeling oppressed, especially when the rally was a site of white supremacist domestic terrorism. BLM wants equal justice under the law, while the “alt-right,” when you cut through the coded rhetoric, essentially wants America is to a White ethno-state again.
New Delhi: The National Investigating Agency (NIA), which is probing the cross-border financing of terror operators in J&K, has claimed that Pakistan is offering scholarships to Kashmiri students to gradually alienate them from India.
The NIA said this in its detailed chargesheet filed in connection with the terror funding case against separatist leaders and their Pakistan-backed sponsors.
The probe agency claimed that Pakistan is offering student visa to Kashmiri youths and relatives of terrorists active in J&K.
"During the course of investigation, it was ascertained that students who were proceeding to Pakistan on student visas were either relatives of ex-militants or linked to families of active terrorists who had indulged in various anti-national activities and had migrated to Pakistan or they were known to Hurriyat leaders," the NIA said in the chargesheet running into several thousands of pages.
Tightening the noose against the Kashmiri separatist leaders, the NIA claimed that the visa applications of Kashmiri students were recommended by them to the Pakistani High Commission in New Delhi.
The NIA named various Hurriyat leaders, including hardline Hurriyat leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani, in this connection.
The NIA chargesheet filed in a court on January 18 revealed that militants who fled to Pakistan had pursued their admission matters with the help of Hurriyat leaders based in Pakistan and Pakistan administered Kashmir.
The NIA said that scholarships are offered for MBBS and engineering seats under various schemes of the Pakistan government.
The investigation done by NIA exposes a triangular nexus wherein the terrorists, the Hurriyat and the Pakistan establishment are the three vertices and they are ostensibly patronising the Kashmir students in order to prepare a generation of doctors and technocrats in Kashmir who will have leanings towards Pakistan.
The probe agency had even seized a document from the house of Nayeem Khan in which they had recommended a student for admission in a "standard medical college" in Pakistan because "her family has remained committed to the freedom struggle through thick and thin".
Similarly, a document seized from the house of Shahid-Ul-Islam showed that the Hurriyat leaders were sending recommendations to the Pakistan High Commission for the issuance of visa, it said.
The chargesheet has named Pakistan-based terrorist leaders Hafiz Saeed and Syed Salahuddin, seven arrested Kashmiri separatist leaders and three others in the case.
The Hurriyat leaders who are accused in the terror funding case are - Aftab Hilali alias Shahid-ul-Islam, Ayaz Akbar Khandey, Farooq Ahmad Dar alias Bitta Karate, Nayeem Khan, Altaf Ahmad Shah, Raja Mehrajuddin Kalwal and Bashir Ahmad Bhat alias Peer Saifullah.
Shah is the son-in-law of Geelani who is a strong votary of Jammu and Kashmir`s merger with Pakistan. Hilali is a close aide of moderate Hurriyat leader Mirwaiz Umar Farooq.
The NIA has alleged that the separatists, arrested on July 24 last year, conspired with Saeed and Salahuddin to wage war against India and secede Jammu and Kashmir from India. All of them have been booked under stringent anti-terror laws.
The NIA also chargesheeted business person Zahoor Ahmad Watali and two alleged stone pelters - Kamran and Javed Ahmed Bhat.
Watali has been associated with the LoC trade and has worked as the president of the LoC Traders` Association in the past.
(With IANS inputs)
BEIJING: The China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) has developed faster than expected, but political stability in Pakistan will be the backbone of future sustainable growth, experts said.
The recent inauguration of a superhighway project under the CPEC will improve regional connectivity, which will be a positive outcome of the multi-billion-dollar project, Zhou Rong, said a senior research fellow at the Chongyang Institute for Financial Studies at Renmin University of China.
“The development of the CPEC is getting better and better, as improved infrastructure will help link upstream and downstream businesses,” they said.
Inauguration of the Sharqpur-Rajana section of the Lahore-Abdul Hakeem Motorway, or M-3, in Rajana Town near the textile city of Faisalabad in eastern Punjab province is a positive step forward.
The 138-kilometer section is a vital part of the 230-kilometer M-3, which is being funded by the Pakistani government and built by China Railway 20th Bureau Group.
“Besides the motorway project, other projects – for example, some power plants – have already begun to deliver benefits to local people,” Zhou said.
They noted that China-backed energy projects had resolved electricity shortages in major industrial cities, which also made those areas much more competitive than previously.
The Pakistan Neelum-Jhelum project, one of the most significant hydropower stations in Pakistan, saw its first turbine generator, which is designed to generate 243,000 kilowatts, officially starts supplying electricity to the national grid, Beijing-based Economic Daily reported.
Construction work on the project began in 2008, with China Gezhouba Group Co as the major contractor.
But despite these signs of progress in CPEC-related projects, concern over the overall business environment in Pakistan has been looming.
“In the past few years, investors from both China and Pakistan got too excited about the CPEC and they overlooked the problems with the Pakistan economy,” Mei Xinyu, a research fellow at the Chinese Academy of International Trade and Economic Cooperation, told the Global Times.
“Now, they need to carefully assess potential risks in some projects, and Pakistan's ability to repay its debts,” Mei warned.
In the first 10 months of fiscal year 2017-18 which ends on June 30, Pakistan's government borrowed $9.6 billion from foreign countries, according to media reports.
Pakistan's government borrowed $9.6 billion from foreign countries. Of that, loans from China stood at $1.5 billion, according to a post on the official website of the Economic and Commercial Counsellor of the Embassy of China in Pakistan.
The country's total debt level stands at $91.8 billion, and it will balloon to $144 billion in the next five years, the post said.
Pakistan expects to obtain new Chinese loans worth $1 billion to $2 billion to help it avert a balance-of-payments crisis, Pakistani government sources were quoted as saying in a foreign news agency report.
On May 24, China increased the size of a currency swap agreement with the South Asian country by 10 billion yuan ($1.57 billion) to 20 billion yuan, according to the report.
“Political instability and widespread corruption are still serious issues in Pakistan, and it is crucial to strike a balance between political strategy and business profitability,” said Wang Yiwei, director of the Institute of International Affairs at Renmin University of China.
“Still, the CPEC can be an example of regional growth and stability,” they noted.
As Pakistan's general election which will take place in July nears, the international community is keeping close watch. The results may affect the continuity of policies, Zhou noted.
“More importantly, the country has to push forward construction of industrial parks under the CPEC, which can be a driving force for attracting clusters of industries,” they said.—INP
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — North Korea has a long track record of issuing threats and ultimatums that don't necessary lead to action. Then again, when it does act — often without warning — it can be fatal.
Here's a look at North Korean bluster, and cases where it's believed to have made good on threats, though in most of those cases it has denied carrying out attacks.
___
2015: LANDMINES AND LOUDSPEAKERS
Kim Jong-un issued an ultimatum that seemed to bring the Koreas very close to a war footing in August 2015. Tensions had escalated rapidly after land mines maimed two South Korean soldiers along the Demilitarized Zone. The confrontation deepened as the South demanded an apology and re-started propaganda broadcasts over loudspeakers near the DMZ. It was defused at the last minute by marathon talks.
___
2014: THE SONY HACK
Washington claims North Korea carried out this massive hack in 2014 to get revenge against Sony Entertainment for distributing “The Interview,” a black comedy that ended with graphic images of Kim Jong-un being enveloped in a fiery explosion. Pyongyang had warned it would retaliate before the movie's release, threatening attacks on the White House and other targets in the United States. It has denied responsibility for the hack, but praised the hackers.
___
2013: A THREAT ON GUAM OVER B-52 BOMBERS
In an escalation of threats in March 2013 similar to what is going on now, North Korea warned that Guam was within striking range of its missiles. The threat came as the United States announced a plan to send B-52 bombers over South Korea for military exercises with Seoul. It was considered serious enough to warrant the deployment of missile interceptors, but in the end dissipated without incident.
___
2010: ISLAND SHELLING
On Nov. 23, 2010, the North hammered the South Korean island of Yeonpyeong, firing off 170 shells and rockets that hit military and civilian targets and killed four South Koreans. The North claimed the incident was triggered by South Korean artillery drills and the South's firing of rounds into the North's territorial waters. It occurred as tensions were unusually high — that same day, the U.S. and South Korea began annual, large-scale military exercises.
___
2010: SINKING OF THE CHEONAN
On March 26, 2010, the South Korean corvette Cheonan sank in the Yellow Sea after being hit by what is believed to have been a torpedo. Forty-six South Korean sailors died. North Korea denied it attacked the ship and refutes the findings of a subsequent international panel. But many saw it as possible retaliation for a clash with the South several months earlier off the west coast of the Korean Peninsula that left two North Koreans dead.
___
2002: THE AXIS OF EVIL
North Korea reacted to President George W. Bush's claim that it was part of an “Axis of Evil” by issuing a warning through its Foreign Ministry that the U.S. isn't the only country that can attack its adversaries and said it would “mercilessly wipe out the aggressors.” So far, it hasn't.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
THE first woman, and the first New Zealander.
To many, Rugby Australia made a bold call by appointing “outsider” Raelene Castle as its new chief executive.
But RA chairperson Cameron Clyne instead painted a picture of a safe pair of hands as they introduced Castle to the media on Tuesday in Sydney at their first press conference.
Here are some of the key takeaways from Castle's presser.
LIVE stream every stop of the World Rugby Sevens tournament on FOX SPORTS. Get your free 2-week Foxtel Now trial & start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW >
Camera Icon Former Bulldogs coach Des Hasler and chief executive Raelene Castle. Picture: News Corp Australia
— Michael Cheika is the new Des Hasler
As Bulldogs chief executive, and coming from a netball background, Castle was tasked with shaking up an ‘old boys club' in the NRL and will face a similar challenge in rugby union where accusations of ‘Mosman mafia' and east coast bias abound.
They developed a strong relationship with former Bulldogs coach Des Hasler and has already spent 45 minutes with Wallabies coach Michael Cheika, a similarly headstrong and sometimes eccentric personality.
“Working with a coach like Des Hasler, who is a strong personality, that will also help me when I have to forge a very strong relationship with Michael,” Castle said.
“It was just a very polite introduction at this stage.
The head coach runs the program but I think it's important that the chief executive knows what the right questions are to ask and I think my experience in high performance — not just in the last 10 years but certainly over a long period of time — is a good thing because it allows you to ask those questions.”
LISTEN: Why Raelene Castle is the right candidate — The Splash pod
SUBSCRIBE TO THE SPLASH ON iTUNES
— A rugby revival is their toughest task yet
Rugby league is a rough and tumble environment and their departure from Belmore in May got pretty messy.
But leading Australian rugby out of the doldrums is a much bigger scale salvage job.
Castle is tasked with myriad challenges, from trying to help the Wallabies claim the 2019 Rugby World Cup, to restoring faith in the game to the disaffected club volunteer in Perth.
“I have used that word ‘daunting,' but I would prefer to use ‘exciting,' because I genuinely believe it is an exciting sport that has an international landscape that no other sport in this country has,” Castle said in explaining the task ahead.
“I think it holds a unique space and it offers something that AFL and NRL can't offer, and that is a genuine international, and regular, international platform.
“Opportunity for athletes to travel, to travel internationally, to perform on the world stage.
“That's something that we need to maximise.”
READ MORE: The tricky tightrope Castle must walk
Camera Icon Raelene Castle speaks during a press conference in Sydney. Picture: AFP
— She'll be cheering on the Wallabies
Castle was born in Wagga Wagga, where their father, a former Kiwis league rep, was earning their keep at the time as player-coach of Turvey Park.
But Castle is very much a New Zealander and will have to change their Bledisloe Cup allegiances next year.
“Certainly in the past I cheered for the All Blacks,” Castle said.
“But one of the things I've learnt is that going into a new organisation, when you get tasked with delivering outcomes and building relationships with people, those relationships and that success becomes very important.
“So I will be wearing my yellow scarf proudly, there's no doubt about that.
“I think my family might be slightly split.
“Some of them will happily wear the Wallabies scarf, I think some of them might take a little more convincing.”
— A woman, but what's the big deal?
This ‘breaking the glass ceiling' stuff is old hat for Castle, who in 2013 also became the first woman to run an NRL club.
They appear proud to fly the flag for the female cause, but equally doesn't quite see what all the fuss is about.
“It's interesting that the media have an enormous fascination with it,” Castle said.
“The reality is that sport has gender equity in it, there's people from both really delivering at grassroots level.
“So I don't think it's an enormous step to have a female chief executive.
“I think all businesses need to look at diversifying...
“That female market's really hot with the launch of lots of new female competitions.
“So we know that we're in a race and we have to be a sport of choice.
“It's great to see what's happening for women in sport in the landscape in Australia and rugby have led that for a long time, so we need to make sure that we keep presenting those opportunities.”
Camera Icon New Zealand Rugby CEO Steve Tew speaks to the media in Double Bay. Picture: AAP
— Is this a stepping stone across the ditch?
Castle reportedly aspires to one day run New Zealand Rugby and has close ties with current NZR chief executive Steve Tew, who issued their public congratulations on Tuesday.
It will make for an interesting dynamic around the boardroom table and Castle needs more wins and more bums on seats to increase their bargaining power ahead of the new SANZAAR broadcast deal in 2020.
In the meantime, they will offer a fresh pair of eyes to rugby in Australia, which is moving towards a NZ style centralised, co-operative model.
“When I was CEO of Netball New Zealand, netball, cricket and rugby worked very closely together, sharing ideas, sharing high performance,” Castle said.
“All of those are learnings that I've developed, not only through that time at Netball New Zealand but also into the Bulldogs.
“I'll be looking to bring all of those learnings into this environment and making sure that I share those with the right people.”
Christopher Borzor, Uniondale, Sr. — One of the top sprinters on Long Island. They won the 300 meters and the long jump at the North Shore High School Season Opener on Dec. 1 at the Armory in Manhattan.
Aidan Caggiano, Manhasset, Sr. — After a very impressive cross-country season, Caggiano is the fastest returning finisher from the 3,200 at the state championships last season.
Mason Gatewood, St. Anthony's, Sr. — A distance powerhouse, Newsday's cross country runner of year is coming off a fall that saw them win the state Federation championship and earn a berth to the Foot Locker Cross Country National Championship.
Brandon James, Valley Stream North, Sr. — James is the third highest returning finisher in the long jump at the state championships last season.
Herron Maurisseau-O'Neal, St. Anthony's, Sr. —  They are the top sprinter in the CHSSA and just missed the 55 finals at the state championships last season.
Two men were arrested Tuesday night for selling and possessing illegal fireworks in East Meadow, Nassau County police said.
James Pantina, 34, of Bellmore, and Christopher Sanchez, 34, of upstate Blauvelt, were arrested without incident shortly after 8:30 p.m., police said in a news release.
Officers said the men posted a flyer in East Meadow advertising the sale of fireworks and listing their contact information.
Both men are charged with unlawfully selling fireworks and unlawfully being in possession of fireworks. They are due in First District Court in Hempstead on Aug. 30.
HMD Global, the home brand of Nokia recently launched the Nokia 2.1, Nokia 3.1, and the Nokia 5.1 in Morocco. These are the latest entry-level smartphones from the company with new design and stock Android user interface. All three smartphones replace the first generation Nokia 2, Nokia 3, and the Nokia 5 smartphones.
Pricing
According to the listing, the Nokia 5.1 will cost Rs 12,499, the Nokia 3.1 will cost Rs 9,200 and the Nokia 2.1 will cost Rs 6,999. The Nokia 5.1 and the Nokia 3.1 runs on Android 8 Oreo and comes under the Android One programme, whereas the Nokia 2.1 runs on Android Oreo GO Edition, which is an optimized version of the Android Oreo for smartphones with entry-level configuration.
Specifications
It looks like Nokia accidentally revealed the pricing of the Nokia 2.1, Nokia 3.1 and the Nokia 5.1 smartphone on the official website. However, the pricing has been taken down within minutes, which confirms that the company will be launching these three smartphones in India in the coming weeks.
Amongst these three phones, The Nokia 3.1 and the Nokia 2.1 have a 16:9 aspect ratio display, whereas the Nokia 5.1 has an 18:9 aspect ratio display with rounded corners, which make this smartphone look like a premium one. The Nokia 5.1 is powered by the all-new MediaTek Helio P18 Octa-core chipset with 2/3 GB RAM and 16/32 GB storage with a micro SD card for storage expansion. Overall, the Nokia 5.1 seems like a lot better smartphone than the Nokia 6.1, which costs 1.5 times that of the Nokia 5.1.
All three smartphones will receive two major Android OS upgrades and security updates up to 3 years of their launch. In fact, these figures are on par with the flagship Pixel smartphones in terms of software support.
Summary
We expected that the company would also launch the Nokia X6, which was the first Nokia smartphone to embrace an iPhone X like notch. As of now, there is no information on either pricing or the availability of these smartphones in India. However, considering the official listing, the company is most likely to launch the three musketeers in the month of June.
Via
By The Associated Press
KASILOF, Alaska (AP) — Alaska State Troopers say a man made a fake 911 call about shots fired to try to divert a trooper who was pursuing their pickup truck.
Clayton Nelson of Kasilof (kah-SEE-lawf) is charged with felony eluding, reckless driving, terroristic threatening and other charges.
Troopers say Nelson was wanted on an outstanding felony warrant.
A trooper Saturday attempted to stop Nelson, who drove off and was apprehended after a pursuit.
Investigators determined Nelson made a false 911 call while being pursued.
Spokeswoman Megan Peters says Nelson called from their truck to report shots fired at a business not within the trooper's patrolling area.
A message left with the Kenai public defender's office was not immediately returned.
___
This version corrects that that one 911 call was made, not multiple calls.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Tom Avril is a health and science reporter. A former math teacher and engineering major, they were hired in 1998, and previously covered environmental issues and New Jersey state government. Along with two colleagues, they were a finalist for a 2009 Pulitzer Prize in national reporting about how politics had tainted the mission of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.
When a detective thriller by a man no one had ever heard of came out a few years ago, computer scientists made a surprising find. An analysis of the text suggested the author was not a man after all, but the famed creator of Harry Potter, J.K. Rowling.
The technique they used is called stylometry — identifying authors by their word choices and writing styles — and it is back in the news with allegations that 76ers general manager Bryan Colangelo operated five anonymous Twitter accounts.
This time, the writing analysis came with a 21st-century twist, according to the sports and entertainment website the Ringer, which posted the story Tuesday night. Evidence that the mysterious posts were the work of one person was further cemented by the fact that these accounts followed similar groups of other Twitter accounts, the Ringer said. The Sixers have launched an investigation, as the author of the posts criticized players and disclosed sensitive team information.
The Ringer article did not disclose who performed the analysis that identified Colangelo, only that it was someone in the field of artificial intelligence — simulating human intelligence with computers. Nor did the article say what data-crunching methods were used. But computer scientists who read about the findings said that in general, determining if the same author is behind multiple writing samples is a straightforward problem — provided there is a big enough sample of writing to analyze.
“It wouldn't be that hard,” said C. Lee Giles, a professor at the College of Information Sciences and Technology at Pennsylvania State University.
Proving that the author was Colangelo himself, on the other hand, would be tricky, as writing styles can be imitated, Giles said.
Various types of text-analysis software can be used to help identify authorship, relying on such characteristics as how often certain words are used, and in what order and position. The more sophisticated approaches rely on a technique called machine learning — meaning that the analyst “trains” a computer model to recognize hidden attributes in a given author's writings, then compares those results with the attributes of other writing samples.
One such method, called Doppelganger Finder, was developed by Drexel University computer scientist Rachel Greenstadt and colleagues. They said they have used the software to analyze online postings by cyber criminals who were discussing the theft of credit card numbers, and that it also has been used by the FBI.
As for the Twitter accounts said to be the work of Colangelo, Greenstadt said making the case would require more than just finding similarities among the five accounts. To validate the findings, the analyst would then want to show that the writing styles from those accounts were not only similar to one another but also were different from those in a sample of other posts on the same general topic of basketball, they said.
“You might want to compare a group of similarly followed and liked basketball personality-type people on Twitter,” they said.
Even then, such findings fall short of proof. In the case of Rowling, an analysis in 2013 strongly suggested that The Cuckoo's Calling, said to be written by Robert Galbraith, was in fact written by Rowling, based on the writing style in their novel The Casual Vacancy. Rowling soon admitted this was the case.
Thus far, the Sixers have confirmed one of the five accounts belongs to Colangelo. Three of the four others have been switched to “private” status, the Ringer reported.
RICHMOND, Va. - About 25 service members and Department of Defense civilians showed their enthusiasm in the "Kick Sexual Assault to the Curb” kickboxing class at the Defense Supply Center-Richmond Fitness Center, April 12, 2017. The high-impact class was part of the activities designed to increase awareness and prevention throughout April, which is Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month.
Katrina Leverette is the Sexual Assault Response Coordinator for the Defense Logistics Agency- Aviation on DSCR. They said the kickboxing class was a great opportunity for people to participate in a calorie-burning fitness class while learning some great tools for self-defense.
Leverette coordinated the one-hour training with Mr. William Downey, the Sexual Harassment/Assault Response and Prevention Program Manager for the 80th Training Command, headquartered on the installation. “I think this is an excellent way to get people out of their comfort zones and build their self-awareness,” said Downey. “You're never too old to learn how to defend yourself.”
To start off the class, Leverette and Downey led the participants in warm-up exercises. James Tanner, a certified personal trainer and former U.S. Marine, then ran the class through vigorous punching and kicking drills. Drenched in sweat, many of the participants said they benefited from the class, explaining they came as rookies and left as semi-professionals.
As the SHARP Victim Advocate for the 80th TC, Mr. Daniel Fink said the kickboxing class was a great way to give people a heightened sense of awareness and confidence. They said that, ultimately, a person's best defense is distance. This means that, when you're aware of someone approaching, increasing the distance between you and the one approaching can often give you the best chance of getting away.
“However, when someone catches you by surprise, you don't always have the option of creating distance, and that's where good self-defense skills can be used,” said Fink. They further explained that a common thing with perpetrators is that they will approach someone and ask, “What time is it?” to get the person to look away for a second or two, and that's when they will try to take you down.
Self-defense training such as kickboxing helps people know what they can do to prevent an attack from occurring. Leverette said taking classes such as kickboxing “make me stronger, both physically and mentally.”
Other SAAPM activities scheduled on the DSCR installation are National Denim Day on April 26 and the Annual 5K Run/Walk on April 28. For more information on SAAPM events, go to http://www.dla.mil/News/AllNews/Tag/86452/sexaul-assault-awareness-and-prevention-month/.
NEWS INFO Date Taken: 04.12.2017 Date Posted: 04.17.2017 13:33 Story ID: 230599 Location: RICHMOND, VA, US Hometown: ASHLAND, VA, US Hometown: CHESTERFIELD, VA, US Hometown: CHESTERFIELD COURT HOUSE, VA, US Hometown: FORT LEE, VA, US Hometown: RICHMOND, VA, US Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Kick Sexual Assault to the Curb, by SFC Elizabeth Breckenkamp, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
It's official - NASA's Asteroid Redirect mission has entered its closing down phase, which means we can't expect to see a giant boulder orbiting our Moon any time soon. Bummer.
Asteroid Redirect was started in 2015 with the goal to create the first-ever mission combining robot and human efforts. The plan was to send a robotic crew to a near-Earth asteroid, grab a huge rock from it, and redirect it in a stable orbit around the Moon.
Then in the 2020s astronauts were going to use this multi-ton boulder for testing out technologies and methods intended for the eventual Mars mission. On top of that, the asteroid chunk could also be used for practicing commercial space mining and even testing out planetary defence methods.
But the space agency's latest budget reshuffle has put a halt to these efforts. At the annual NASA Small Bodies Assessment Group (SBAG) meeting earlier this week, the mission program director Michele Gates outlined the next steps now that the amazing asteroid fetch is definitely not happening.
"We are in an orderly closeout phase, capturing all the good work that's been done across the team," said Gates. "It was really aspirational for many of us and I appreciate your partnership as we moved through phase A and phase B."
Asteroid Redirect was a complex endeavour requiring expertise from disparate research centres across NASA. Gates praised the excellent collaboration across all the teams involved in the first stages of the mission.
The mission was actually proceeding according to plan up until last September when US Congress approved NASA's latest budget, forcing a reevaluation of some of its missions, including Asteroid Redirect.
In March this year, NASA acting administrator Robert Lightfoot released a statement concerning the budget proposal, saying that the overall funding had remained stable, but that the agency would have to reshape their focus on its available resources.
"We remain committed to the next human missions to deep space, but we will not pursue the Asteroid Redirect mission with this budget," they said.
"This doesn't mean, however, that the hard work of the teams already working on ARM will be lost. I have had personal involvement with this team and their progress for the past few years, and am extremely proud of their efforts to advance this mission."
As Jeff Foust reports for Space News, Asteroid Redirect was struggling to win support from the US Congress ever since its introduction, and some members are happy to see it gone:
"It's good to see that the NASA budget request ends the previous administration's ill-conceived asteroid mission," said Rep. Lamar Smith (R-Texas), chairperson of the House Science Committee, during a June 8 hearing by their committee's space subcommittee on the NASA budget request.
Thankfully, the researchers say they are documenting their efforts so the work of the past six years is not lost. In fact, some of the developments for the mission will continue - notably, scientists are still working on developing a solar-electric propulsion system. It was originally intended for the robotic asteroid trip, but could still be used for other NASA projects.
Asteroid Redirect mission investigator Dan Mazanek stated at the SBAG meeting that the technologies the researchers were developing were not all mission-specific.
"I haven't come up with anything that we were doing that was not applicable to a wide variety of missions," they said. But they and colleagues are certainly disappointed.
"This was a dream mission as far as I was concerned, because my interest has always been in human exploration, planetary defence, science, and I'm a firm believer we have to use in situ resources if we're going to settle and expand out in the Solar System."
"I still think it's a good mission," said Mazanek.
Of course, space exploration is tricky and often expensive business, and a huge agency like NASA has to do the best with the resources it has.
But we were definitely looking forward to a giant boulder in the Moon orbit, so, along with Mazanek, we're hoping that one day Asteroid Redirect might return in a new format.
Daisy McCrackin and Joesph Capone were the victims of a violent, drug-fuelled kidnap and ransom gang. Picture: Supplied
Daisy McCrackin and Joesph Capone were the victims of a violent, drug-fuelled kidnap and ransom gang. Picture: Supplied
TWO Hollywood actors were kidnapped and held for ransom by a violent meth-fuelled gang for almost three days, it has been revealed.
Daisy McCrackin of 2002's Halloween: Resurrection fame and fellow performer Joseph Capone were lucky to have survived the ordeal, the details of which were made public for the first time today.
Keith Andre Stewart, Johntae Jones and Amber Neal were arrested in Los Angeles this week in a series of dramatic operations by heavily armed police.
Neal's arrest on Monday by Los Angeles police was captured on bystander video and had been viewed more than 2.4 million times on Twitter.
They were collectively charged with 17 criminal charges including kidnapping, assault with a firearm, grand theft, mayhem, conspiracy and possession for sale of methamphetamine, according to a grand jury indictment that was unsealed earlier today in Los Angeles County Superior Court.
According to California's penal code, mayhem is when a person "unlawfully and maliciously deprives a human being of a member of their body, or disables, disfigures, or renders it useless, or cuts or disables the tongue, or puts out an eye, or slits the nose, ear, or lip".
Daisy McCrackin starred in Halloween and Resurrection. Picture: Supplied
Jones and Stewart face additional weapons-related charges while police allege that Stewart inflicted great bodily injury on the Mr Capone.
Court documents allege Stewart, Jones, and Neal gained entry into Ms McCrackin's South Los Angeles home on May 3.
Stewart allegedly pistol-whipped Mr Capone before their co-accused placed black hoods over the victims' heads and drove them to Jones' home in Compton.
Once there, the defendants allegedly stripped Mr Capone naked and held them without food in a bathtub for 30 hours, the indictment says.
Daisy McCrackin (centre) starred in Halloween: Resurrectio n. Picture: Supplied
Meanwhile, Jones and Neal are accused of taking Ms McCrackin's vehicle, a 2011 red Lexus, and driving them to multiple bank locations while demanding they provide at least $US10,000 ($AU13,500) to them for Mr Capone's release.
Ms McCrackin was allegedly forced to write a cheque to Neal, who deposited the money into their account, according to court documents.
Later on May 4, the defendants took the actor back to their home, where they were able to escape and alert police.
Stewart and Jones face a maximum possible sentence of life in state prison without the possibility of parole if convicted as charged. Neal faces up to life in prison.
Bail for Jones and Neal was set at $US1 million ($AU1.3 million), and Stewart's bail was $US2.08 million ($AU2.8million).
The trio is expected to face court on July 23 for a pre-trial hearing.
Some people splurge on lipstick, while others spend their cash on designer shoes. For Lily Garfield, the founder of prestigious beauty store Cos Bar, the vice has always been luxury skincare. In fact, in 1976 they spent all $5,000 to their name on it. That was the grand total in opening costs for Garfield's very first Cos Bar.
After an impromptu move to Aspen, Colorado, they realized they aren't able to find any of the pricey beauty products they loved and used regularly. The idea for Cos Bar was born. Today, only some things have changed. Garfield is still obsessed with fancy skincare, but Cos Bar is no longer just one tiny, 200-square-foot location. Twenty stores later, Garfield is considered a luxury beauty retail pioneer whose customers have no qualms about shelling out $750 for an anti-aging cream.
We chatted with Garfield about their start in beauty, what sets Cos Bar apart from the likes of Sephora and Ulta, the skincare brands they love, and more.
How did you get into beauty?
I grew up in New York City in a first-generation European family. I never saw my mother using soap on their face. They always used a gentle cleanser and some type of moisturizer. From the time I was a little girl, I remember them putting Nivea on my face. To her, beauty was never anything to do with makeup. It was always about nourishing and protecting skin before anything else. I really took that European ideal of beauty with me into my career.
I was getting ready to graduate from Queens College and needed a summer job. A friend of mine told me about a new cosmetics line coming into Bloomingdale's called Love Cosmetics. It was the '70s and at the time it was the hottest place to land a job. They used to have cattle calls for interviews—150 girls all vying for three or four spots. It was my first corporate interview, and to my surprise, I was picked for the job! Only three weeks passed before the company asked me to work for them at the corporate level, where I became one of the first female Account Executives (they were all men back then). I traveled all around the country with them for three years setting up new department stores before I decided that I needed a change of pace. I was always confident that I could come back to New York anytime and get a job, so that was when I decided to move to Aspen in 1974 "for just one year."
RELATED: Madonna's Dermatologist Says This Is the Most Effective Treatment for Youthful Skin
Tell us about how Cos Bar began.
After living in Aspen for a year, any time one of my friends would leave the mountains to go to the city, we'd all put together a list of what beauty products we wanted to be brought back to Aspen for us. At the time, we only had pharmacies in town that didn't have any luxury skincare that I was using back in New York. You could only buy beauty from drugstores or department stores back then, and I had an idea for something completely different. With five thousand dollars to my name, I took a chance. I found a small little store space in downtown Aspen, less than 200 square feet. I called a few brands and told them about my background and explained my plans and was shocked when they sent me opening orders without even coming to check out the store! They all just loved the idea.
My first winter was a disaster. Not because of the store being new but because Aspen had NO snow. It was blue skies every day. I thought, “Oh my god, what did I do?” Then spring and summer came, and business was good. The following year was a normal winter and all hell broke loose. Cos Bar became unbelievably popular in just a year. We quadrupled sales. Everyone loved it.
It took me ten years to open my second store after Aspen, which was just up the road in Vail. From there, Leonard Lauder themselves called me and asked me to open in Santa Fe. Back in the '80s, they always thought the future of cosmetics would be in independent stores like Cos Bar. With the blessing of the Lauders, I knew I could make Cos Bar into something bigger.
RELATED: How Too Faced Created One of the Most Popular Mascaras of All Time
What was the first brand that you signed on?
The first brand I ever brought in was Lancôme. I saw what all the European brands were doing in New York and wanted to stay away from American brands. I wanted my customers to understand my beauty philosophy which was really to take care of your skin first before buying makeup. Aspen's climate is so harsh, whether you're skiing or hiking, and I knew these types of skincare lines would be hugely successful. Within nine months I got the hottest brand at the time—Clinique. It took a lot of persistence, but once I got one brand, everyone else would join. This industry is tight-knit and based on who you know. After Clinique, the floodgates opened.
What's next for Cos Bar?
Finally, we have twenty stores! But Cos Bar can still be in a lot more communities around the country. We don't need to be as big as some of the other beauty retailers out there, but we will continue to offer something they can't do. Bigger is not always better, and we'll always keep it friendly and keep it fun. We are continually finding the best new brands, the best Beauty Specialists, and training our staff to give the customer the best of the best products and service.
VIDEO: 5 Ridiculously Expensive Skincare Products
How does Cos Bar set itself apart from other beauty retailers?
The uniqueness of Cos Bar is that every Beauty Specialist is trained in every product. I've never believed that someone needs to buy everything from one brand. There is nothing wrong with mixing brands, and that makes us different from department stores. We are looking for the best product for the customer, never trying to sell them an entire line if they don't need it. Even though we sell some serums that are $1,000, we're always a warm and approachable beauty source to discover new products without feeling pressured.
What's the best-selling product? Does it depend on location?
That keeps changing! It depends on the time of year and my mood. If I like something, I get it out to all the Beauty Specialists. Some of my favorites that are also top-sellers are AmorePacific's cushion compact with SPF and Lancôme's Effacil makeup remover. We also can't keep Cle de Peau concealer in stock.
Each year, AmorePacific makes a very small batch of its Prime Reserve Crème that retails for $750. The company makes it from a very rare tea in Korea, so there are only a few hundred bottles each year. We sell out of it before it even hits shelves! You can add it to any beauty routine, and it will make your skin look ten years younger.
How do you decide where Cos Bar stores will open?
I was and still am I catering to a customer base that loves to ski in the winter and vacation in the summer. We started the company in high-end resort towns around the US, but since those are limited we're now bringing Cos Bar to our clients where they reside year-round. We have a large base of customers in Dallas where we recently opened, as well as Southern California cities like Newport Beach and Brentwood. We always look for markets where we can be the best source of beauty and skincare expertise for those local communities.
Australian Open champion and world number one Caroline Wozniacki lost 7-6 (7/2), 6-3 to local player Daria Kasatkina in the quarter-finals of the St Petersburg Ladies Trophy on Friday.
Fresh from their first ever Grand Slam title the Dane had raced to the quarter-finals here but had been expecting the Russian to give them a difficult time.
"It`s gonna be difficult but I`m excited for it," the 27-year-old said ahead of they clash with the sixth seed Kasatkina.
Fourth seed and Defending champion Kristina Mladenovic of France made an important step to retaining their title with a straight-sets win over Czech Katerina Siniakova on Friday.
Mladenovis, ranked 10th in the world, prevailed 6-4, 6-3 to book a semi-final spot and to record their second win over the 21-year-old Siniakova in their fifth head-to-head meeting. Mladenovic will face Kasatkina.
"It was a very good match as they (Siniakova) has been on great all season," Mladeniovic said on-court after the match. "I`m very happy with the intensity that I`ve put into the game today.
"No doubts the semi-final will be extremely difficult as Dasha (Kasatkina) is such a talented youngster and they always play at their top in front of their home crowd."
Meanwhile, Czech two-time former Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova cruised comfortably into the last four losing just two games in their 58-minute match with reigning French Open champion Jelena Ostapenko of Latvia 6-0, 6-2.
In the match for a place in the final Kvitova, who appeared in the main draw courtesy of a wild card, will clash with Germany's Julia Goerges, who ousted another Russian Elena Rybakina 6-3, 6-3.
"At this tournament every opponent is very hard to beat and I will need to show my best tennis to win the semi-final," Goerges said.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
The Summer Shield drills, involving over 1,200 troops from the Baltic states, the US, the UK, Germany, Canada, Luxembourg, Bulgaria, Romania, Slovakia, and NATO partner Sweden, will run from Monday until April 30th at the Adazi training area just outside the Latvian capital of Riga.
According to organizers, the ambitious exercises include training in artillery support, intelligence gathering, engineering, air defense, anti-tank defense, and the use of measures against weapons of mass destruction.
Summer Shield has been run annually in Latvia since 2004, the same year that the country joined the NATO alliance. Troops from other NATO countries have been participating in the exercises since 2014, when relations between Russia and Western countries deteriorated over the instability in Ukraine. Over 1,300 troops took part in last year's drills, with the US and its allies gradually building up their presence across Russia's borders with troops and heavy military equipment.
© Photo: Facebook/U.S. Mission to NATO Troops engaged in live fire training as part of Operation Summer Shield
Given the limited size of the contingent of NATO troops involved in the drills, some observers have suggested that drills like Summer Shield have more of a psychological significance than a military one.
© AP Photo/ Oksana Dzadan Three US Soldiers Get Poisoned During Military Drills in Latvia – Latvian Defense Ministry
Asked for comment, political scientist and military observer Boris Podoprigora told Radio Sputnik that they were undoubtedly an element of a propaganda war against Russia by NATO.
"I'll give you one example," the commentator noted. "Recently, I had a chance to participate in negotiations to develop a [Russian-Latvian] partnership in the tourism sector with a Latvian entrepreneur. Negotiations were proceeding normally. Then, unexpected, our Latvian guest told us that it's time for them to head back to Latvia, where 'dugout shelters need digging'."
"I was surprised, and asked them what they meant. They answered, 'Well, while your 76th Airborne Division in Pskov makes preparations to jump [into Latvia], during my vacation time and on the weekends I dig dugouts for the forest brothers.'" (The 'forest brothers' were groups of guerrillas in the Baltic region who fought a guerrilla war against the Red Army after WWII).
"Can you even imagine the degree of stupidity here?" Podoprigora asked. "People really believe in these horror stories" (about the Russian boogieman). "And these [NATO drills] are held to support this faith," they added.
© AP Photo/ Alik Keplicz Trump Supports Stationing More NATO Troops in East Europe - Stoltenberg
And there is another, reason for the drills, the observer added. It has to do with the effort to influence the worldview of US President Donald Trump. "The goal is to slip them a piece of paper, a memorandum, which says that the Baltic countries are trembling at the sight of Russia. This is a way to influence the recently elected president," Podoprigora noted.
"But this comes second. The main thing is to maintain the current level of hatred toward Russia. And believe me, it works!" the observer lamented.
Proverbs 3
6 Seek their will in all you do,
and they will show you which path to take.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
David Murphy is a sports columnist for the Daily News. They joined the company in 2008 and spent the next six years on the Phillies beat.
HOWEVER NEGLIGIBLE the predictive value of training camp, that of minicamp somehow undershoots it. The riddle is not a difficult one to unwind, given that every play made on one side of the ball equals a play not made on the other. Nevertheless, here are six observations to file away as the Eagles wrap up their final practice before training camp:
1 Torrey Smith looks as if they could end up having a big impact on the passing game, even if they aren't the one catching the passes. One of the mild surprises from last year's training camp was that the Eagles did not keep any of the veteran rentals they'd brought in to stretch the field, choosing instead to stock up on younger players. Though Smith's numbers took a hit during their time in San Francisco, they are still a player who defenses must keep an eye on, and you can see the effect it has on teammates operating in the middle of the field.
2 Speaking of deep threats, one of the big differences between the offense this spring compared with the past couple has been in the vertical passing game. Last year, only the Texans finished with fewer passing plays of 30-plus yards. The Patriots and Falcons combined for 59 such plays. The Eagles finished with 11. Smith is part of the equation, but so is Carson Wentz, whose ability and willingness to take shots down the field has been on display throughout the OTA and minicamp practices that have been open to the media. Nelson Agholor, Alshon Jeffery, Bryce Treggs, Marcus Johnson and Smith have all been on the receiving end of some beautiful deep balls by the second-year quarterback.
3 On that note, Doug Pederson has fielded so many questions about mechanics this spring that you'd think their name was Angie's List. The truth of the matter is Wentz's throwing motion is just fine. When they misfire, it has more to do with their feet than their arm, as was the case on one of their few bad throws during Wednesday's session (it might have been their only bad throw, actually). Before practice, Pederson said they had zero concerns with Wentz's ball, and noted that the quarterback went 11-for-12 the previous day. They were even better Wednesday, including a couple of really impressive throws outside the numbers that they stuck on Zach Ertz's hands.
4 Quick, think of the last Eagles great who played their last NFL game while wearing midnight green. If you're struggling, there's a reason: Jason Peters could be the second one to do so since Jeffrey Lurie purchased the team in 1994. Take a look at the list of Eagles who have logged the most games during Lurie's tenure. If Peters stays healthy for the entire season, their total will sit at 120. Two of the 12 players in front of them are still with the team, with Jon Dorenbos at 162 and Brent Celek at 159. Each of the remaining 10 ended up playing for another NFL team before calling it quits.
The list includes David Akers (49ers and Lions), Brian Dawkins (Broncos), Trent Cole (Colts), Donovan McNabb (Redskins and Vikings), Jon Runyan (Chargers), Sheldon Brown (Browns), Todd Herremans (Colts), Hollis Thomas (Saints, Panthers, Rams), Quintin Mikell (Rams) and Bobby Taylor (Seahawks).
Poll When do you expect Lane Johnson to take over for Jason Peters at left tackle? Sometime this season
Next season
After that Vote Results
At the moment, Peters ranks 25th in games played as an Eagle during Lurie's tenure. Among the players they could pass this season: Taylor, Troy Vincent (Bills, Redskins), Jason Avant (Chiefs), Mike Patterson (Giants), Jermane Mayberry (Saints), Ike Reese (Falcons) and Brian Westbrook (49ers).
Only Jeremiah Trotter retired while wearing Eagles green, thanks to the 2009 comeback bid that followed their second two-year absence from the team.
5 I wouldn't be stunned to see the Eagles try to add another veteran cornerback to the mix this summer, though there aren't many obvious options out there at this point.
C.J. Smith, who spent most of last season on special teams, has gotten some reps with the first group of defensive backs as third-round draft pick Rasul Douglas continues to learn the defense. But the Eagles could really use another experienced body on the outside.
6 The eventual makeup of the Eagles running game is still anybody's guess. Fourth-round draft pick Donnel Pumphrey has spent a lot of time on the field in these practices, and the Eagles seem confident that they can hold their own as a pass catcher and route runner, but it'll be interesting to see how they look carrying the ball against live contact. He's similar in size to Darren Sproles, but they have a thinner frame and a higher center of gravity, so I'm not sure you can just say, "Well, Sproles has done it."
Now, let's return our attention to the NBA draft.
dmurphy@phillynews.com
@ByDavidMurphy
Texas AB R H BI BB SO Avg. Gomez cf 4 3 2 2 1 1 .176 Andrus ss 5 0 1 0 0 1 .308 Mazara rf 4 1 2 3 1 0 .352 Napoli 1b 5 0 1 2 0 3 .160 Odor 2b 5 0 1 0 0 0 .208 Lucroy c 4 0 0 0 0 0 .205 Choo dh 1 1 0 0 3 0 .256 Gallo 3b 3 1 0 0 1 0 .190 Profar lf 2 1 0 0 1 1 .190 Totals 33 7 7 7 7 6
Oakland AB R H BI BB SO Avg. R.Davis cf 3 0 0 0 1 1 .182 Joyce rf 4 0 0 0 0 1 .167 Lowrie 2b 3 0 0 0 1 0 .261 K.Davis lf 3 0 0 0 0 1 .320 Vogt dh 3 0 1 0 0 0 .256 Alonso 1b 3 0 0 0 0 2 .273 Plouffe 3b 3 0 1 0 0 2 .214 Maxwell c 2 0 0 0 0 1 .000 a-Healy ph 1 0 1 0 0 0 .188 Phegley c 0 0 0 0 0 0 .200 Rosales ss 2 0 0 0 0 2 .250 b-Decker ph 1 0 0 0 0 0 .600 Pinder ss 0 0 0 0 0 0 — Totals 28 0 3 0 2 10
Texas 100 040 002—7 7 0 Oakland 000 000 000—0 3 1
a-doubled for Maxwell in the 8th. b-grounded out for Rosales in the 8th.
E_R.Davis (2). LOB_Texas 7, Oakland 3. 2B_Gomez (3), Mazara (3), Napoli (2), Vogt (4), Healy (3). RBIs_Gomez 2 (6), Mazara 3 (16), Napoli 2 (6). SB_Mazara (1). CS_R.Davis (2). S_Profar.
Runners left in scoring position_Texas 5 (Odor, Lucroy 2, Gallo, Profar); Oakland 3 (Plouffe, Decker 2). RISP_Texas 4 for 12; Oakland 0 for 3.
Advertisement
Runners moved up_Gallo, Andrus. GIDP_K.Davis.
DP_Texas 1 (Odor, Andrus, Napoli).
Texas IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Griffin W, 2-0 6 1 0 0 1 8 91 4.11 Claudio 1 2-3 2 0 0 1 1 18 0.00 Jeffress 1-3 0 0 0 0 0 2 2.84 Kela 1 0 0 0 0 1 10 0.00 Oakland IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Cotton L, 1-2 5 1-3 5 5 5 4 3 93 5.40 Coulombe 2-3 0 0 0 0 0 8 3.60 Montas 2 1 0 0 1 2 29 3.24 Hendriks 1 1 2 2 2 1 30 11.57
Inherited runners-scored_Jeffress 2-0, Coulombe 1-0. WP_Hendriks.
Umpires_Home, Jordan Baker; First, Mike Everitt; Second, Bill Welke; Third, Bruce Dreckman.
T_2:46. A_10,406 (37,090).
New Delhi: As Indian team takes on Bangladesh in a crucial semi-final match, fans across the world have been reacting to the tie in their own ways.
While Mauka-Mauka videos are not new when it comes to an India-Pakistan match, considering the craze in mind, the creative fans now try and come up with more of such videos ahead of a big cricket match involving India.
Ahead of the match against The Tigers, another video is going viral on the Internet.
Uploaded by V Seven Pictures, the video shows how a Bangladeshi fan is trolled by an Indian fan ahead of the semi-final tie.
Watch it here:
While Bangladesh finished second in Group A, Men in Blue ended up at the top spot in Group B.
The winner of today's match will take on Pakistan in the final to be played on June 18.
Detectives have launched a murder investigation after a young man's body was found in a popular Huntingdon park.
A member of the public found the body in a wooded area of Hinchingbrooke Country Park at 1.40pm on Thursday (February 1).
The body has since been identified as Sam Mechelewski, 20, from Huntingdon. Their family have been informed and are urging those responsible to come forward to police.
A post-mortem was carried out yesterday evening (February 2), but no further details about how they died are available at this stage, police said.
Cambridge police are conducting searches close to the scene and undertaking house to house enquiries.
Detective Chief Inspector Adam Gallop said: “We believe this was a targeted attack that has sadly resulted in the death of a young man.
“We're slowly piecing together Sam's movements from 8pm onwards on Wednesday (January 31). I appeal to anyone who knows Sam and saw them that evening, or anyone who was in the park and noticed anything suspicious, to contact us as a matter of urgency.”
Anyone with information regarding this incident should call police on 101 quoting CC-01022018-0198 or visit here.
Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org .
For the latest breaking news visit cambridge-news.co.uk/news/
"We are very excited about this discovery. This is the first time anyone has discovered planets outside our galaxy," said Xinyu Dai, professor of physics and astronomy at University of Oklahoma. "These small planets are the best candidate for the signature we observed in this study using the microlensing technique. We analyzed the high frequency of the signature by modeling the data to determine the mass."
Until this study, there has been no evidence of planets in other galaxies. A University of Oklahoma astrophysics team has discovered for the first time a population of planets beyond the Milky Way galaxy. Using microlensing—an astronomical phenomenon and the only known method capable of discovering planets at truly great distances from the Earth among other detection techniques—OU researchers were able to detect objects in extragalactic galaxies that range from the mass of the Moon to the mass of Jupiter.
Dai with OU postdoctoral researcher Eduardo Guerras, made the discovery with data from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration's Chandra X-ray Observatory, a telescope in space that is controlled by the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory.
While planets are often discovered within the Milky Way using microlensing, the gravitational effect of even small objects can create high magnification leading to a signature that can be modeled and explained in extragalactic galaxies.
"This is an example of how powerful the techniques of analysis of extragalactic microlensing can be. This galaxy is located 3.8 billion light years away, and there is not the slightest chance of observing these planets directly, not even with the best telescope one can imagine in a science fiction scenario," said Guerras. "However, we are able to study them, unveil their presence and even have an idea of their masses. This is very cool science."
For this study, OU researchers used the NASA Chandra X-ray Observatory at the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory. The microlensing models were calculated at the OU Supercomputing Center for Education and Research.
A paper, "Probing Planets in Extragalactic Galaxies Using Quasar Microlensing," by Dai and Guerras on this study has been published in the Astrophysical Journal Letters.
Image credit: With thanks to Gumroad.com
Provided by: University of Oklahoma
Recent Most Viewed Space & Science Headlines...
"Alien Minds" --'Artificial Intelligence Is Already Out There, and It's Billions of Years Old' (VIDEO)
"Evolutionary Leap?" AI is Mimicing the Human Brain --"But Several Orders of Magnitude Faster and More Efficiently
China Creates a Laser of Mind-Boggling Power --"Could Rip Space Asunder, Breaking the Vacuum"
"Stop Saying That Dinosaurs Went Extinct. They Didn't"
"300-Million Nuclear Bombs" --New Insights Into Global Impact of Titanic Chicxulub Mass-Extinction Event
Hyderabad: AIMIM chief Asaduddin Owaisi has said that mosques cannot be handed over to anybody simply because a cleric says so as "Allah owns places of worship".
Their statement came in the backdrop of the Shia Central Waqf Board of Uttar Pradesh telling the Supreme Court that a mosque could be built in a Muslim-dominated area at a reasonable distance from the disputed site in Ayodhya.
"Masjids cannot be given just bcos 1 Maulana says so, Allah is the owner not a Maulana once a Masjid always a Masjid," Owaisi tweeted.
"Masjids can be managed by Shia, Sunni, Barelvi, Sufi, Deobandi, Salafi, Bohri but they are not owners ALLAH is the owner even AIMPLB cannot give," they posted on social networking site Twitter yesterday.
"Masjids are built by people who believe in Day of Judgment and fear ALLAH only. It is duty of Muslims to offer namaz in masjid that is protection," they added.
© Global Look Press
Decades of instability and weakened security forces make Afghanistan one of the most probable new IS destinations after the terrorist group's defeat in Syria and Iraq, Nikita Mendkovich, political analyst at the Russian International Affairs Council, told RT.Earlier this week,Surviving militants have been fleeing the two countries, with Afghanistan becoming the "most probable" new foothold for IS, Mendkovich said. "There has been long time instability in Afghanistan and a high level of terrorist activity in the context of the weakness of the governmental security agencies," they said. Mendkovich was referring to the decades of fruitless struggle against the Taliban by US-led intervention forces and Afghan authorities.Mendkovich said. Those terrorist units may coordinate and cooperate with the migrating militants, they warned.IS terrorists have lost access to oil revenues which funded their operations in Iraq and Syria, but Afghanistan is capable of providing the group with other sources of income, including "drug trafficking, illegal extraction of semi and precious stones as well as racket [defrauding] of humanitarian projects in the region, financed by Western sponsors," the analyst pointed out.Around 200 foreign fighters, some of whom arrived from Syria, have joined an IS-affiliated group in the Jowzjan province of Afghanistan in November, AFP reported Sunday. Witnesses told the agency that the newly-arrived militants, who were described to be French and Algerian, were training local fighters, including, how to lay bombs and the use of suicide vests.where there are regions with instability, especially, in Libya, where the civil war is, in fact, ongoing," Mendkovich said. "They can join the ranks of groups associating themselves with IS and fight on their side."the analyst warned.he said.are the countries in the "risk group," Mendkovich believes. Several large European cities have whole districts within suburbs where, they said, one can easily 'vanish' and "live without papers," completely "out of control of the authorities."the analyst said. There are groups sympathizing with Chechen extremists fighting on the side of the Kiev government in the conflict in Eastern Ukraine, which the terrorists from Syria and Iraq can potentially join too, they said. "There are already examples of migration of groups of militants from Syria, including Russian citizens, who are escaping justice on Ukrainian territory."
As election day in Alabama draws near, a video of controversial Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore telling a Guardian reporter "maybe Putin is right" to condemn same-sex marriage has been widely shared online.The video was shared by CNN, which was itself targeted by Donald Trump on Friday night at a rally in Pensacola, Florida and on Twitter on Saturday morning.At the rally - and on Twitter - the president urged supporters to vote for Moore against their Democratic opponent, Doug Jones, on Tuesday. In the realclearpolitics.com average of polls on Saturday, Moore was ahead of Jones by 2.3 percentage points.Moore has been dogged by accusations - which they deny - of sexual misconduct with teenaged girls, the youngest of them 14 and when they were in their 30s. On Friday an admission by one accuser that they had annotated what they say is Moore's signature in their 1977 high-school yearbook prompted controversy and a stinging attack by Trump.In the Guardian video, made during the Alabama Republican primary last summer as part of the Anywhere but Washington series, Moore is asked about their support, as a hard-line Christian conservative, for Trump, a hard-living New York billionaire who has been married three times, accused of sexual misconduct by a number of women - accusations they deny - and settled criminal cases.Asked by reporter Paul Lewis how many of the Ten Commandments they think Trump has broken, Moore says: "You might have to ask them but I wouldn't know."Asked who would, they answer: "God. I don't [have that channel of communication] either so I couldn't answer the question. How many commandments did David in the Bible break? You reckon? They put them king. So I think God knows the heart of men.Aides to Trump have come under scrutiny in special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election. US intelligence agencies believe such meddling was meant to tilt the contest against Hillary Clinton and in favour of Trump.Two campaign aides, Michael Flynn and George Papadopoulos, have pleaded guilty to felony charges. Two more, Paul Manafort and Rick Gates, have been indicted and pleaded not guilty.Trump has nonetheless spoken favourably of Russia and its president, Vladimir Putin. What, Moore is asked in the Guardian video, would the great Republican president Ronald Reagan think of such proximity between an American president and their Russian counterpart?"You know," Moore says, "one thing I've learned in politics is not to think for somebody else. And to suss what Ronald Reagan would think, I just couldn't simply begin."Told that Reagan said Russia was the focus of evil in the modern world, Moore answers:Moore has been removed from the Alabama supreme court twice - first for refusing to remove a monument to the Ten Commandments they erected outside the court building and then for refusing to follow the US supreme court and make same-sex marriage the law of the land.To the suggestion "that's the very argument that Vladimir Putin makes" about same-sex marriage, Moore tells Lewis:Asked what they would say to Putin should they meet him, Moore says "hello, how are you" in Russian."I studied Russian at one time," they say, laughing, "at the United States military academy at West Point. And that's about all I could say to him."
U.S. Sen. Lisa Murkowski isn't happy with the fast-track process the Senate Majority leader is using to bring a health care bill to the floor without any hearings, they said.
Murkowski, a member of the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, would have a chance to work on the bill if it were going through the normal committee process.
But it isn't.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has invoked what's called Rule 14, which could send the bill directly to the Senate floor with little or no chance for amendments.
“Do I think that's the best way to go? No, I'm a process person,” Murkowski said. They also haven't seen the bill yet, they said, and mostly hears details about it from reporters who surround them in the corridors.
“Yeah, I got a problem with it,” they said of the process. “If I'm not going to see a bill before we have a vote on it, that's just not a good way to handle something that is as significant and important as health care.”
McConnell couldn't say when senators would see the bill or whether they were on track to pass it before the end of the month, as they want.
“You know, I'm not going to answer that with specificity,” they told reporters Tuesday. “Our goal here is to move forward quickly. The status quo is unsustainable.”
Alaska has by far the highest health care costs in the country.
Under current law, Alaskans who buy insurance on the individual market can get bigger subsidies to offset the high cost. The health care bill the House passed would replace the subsidies with tax credits that vary only by age, not location. The bill House also would move a lot of Medicaid costs to the states.
It's not clear how closely the Senate bill drafters will stick to the House version.
Murkowski said she's had plenty of opportunities to discuss Alaska's specific needs with the senators who are working on the bill behind closed doors.
“Whether I'm invited into every meeting or not, when I've got something to say, I say it,” they said.
But has they heard whether their concerns will be addressed in the legislation?
“I don't know because I have no idea if we even have a bill!” they said.
Murkowski and other Republican senators had lunch at the White House to discuss health care. They were seated right next to the president.
Video footage shows they aren't sitting squarely in their chair when the president was talking. Social media erupted with speculation that they were trying to distance herself.
Murkowski says they were just turned in their seat to see the president better.
“I'm an active listener, and I like to look at people when they're talking.”
London: India captain Virat Kohli is adamant the title-holders will not be taking Bangladesh for granted in a Champions Trophy semi-final at Edgbaston on Thursday.
After a surprise group defeat by Sri Lanka in a tournament featuring the world`s top eight one-day international sides, India responded to the pressure of a `must-win` clash against South Africa with a commanding eight-wicket victory over the top-ranked Proteas at the Oval last weekend -- a match where Kohli`s unbeaten 76 helped them regain first place in the ODI batting rankings.
India thrashed Bangladesh by 240 runs in a warm-up match at the Oval last month, a fixture where the Tigers collapsed to 84 all out.
Now India is returning to an Edgbaston ground where they launched their title-defence with a 124-run hammering of arch-rivals Pakistan.
Kohli, speaking before a revitalised Pakistan clinched their place in the final with a shock eight-wicket win over England in Cardiff on Wednesday, warned: "There are no guarantees in this sport.
"As we`ve seen, a lot of teams have surprised the opposition and we`re certainly not taking anything for granted."
The star batsman added: "Going into a big game like this, we`re going to treat it as how we treated the last game. Our mindset does not differ."
Bangladesh sealed their place in the last four with an impressive five-wicket victory over New Zealand in Cardiff.
They were looking at an embarrassing defeat when they slumped to 33 for four but Shakib Al Hasan (114) and Mahmudullah (102 not out) turned the match around with a brilliant new Bangladesh record stand of 224.Kohli said this proved the days when Bangladesh were `easy beats` had long gone.
"They are a very dangerous side on their day and everyone realises that," they said. "Bangladesh have taken huge strides.
"They have cricketers who are skilled, who are committed to play for Bangladesh and play with a lot of passion.
"They`re really keen to win a lot of games at this level and that shows in their attitude
"Even the other day I thought they were outstanding in the way they applied themselves and chased (New Zealand`s) total down.
"They showed a lot of composure and patience, and that is always a sign of a side that is mature now, that knows how to win matches from difficult situations."
Bangladesh have suffered their fair share of heartache against India.
They lost to them in a World Cup quarter-final two years ago and India were also the opponents when Bangladesh, needing two runs to win off three balls, somehow lost three wickets instead as they were beaten in Bangalore to be eliminated from last year`s World Twenty20.
Bangladesh captain Mashrafe Mortaza was the skipper for both these defeats but they insisted their side carried no scars ahead of their first appearance in a major semi-final.
"People count only winning, that`s for sure, but I think if you look at both matches, I think we played at our best," said the veteran paceman.
"Yes, India played also at their best, that`s why they won. But still, I believe we have a lot more to do in that level.
"We are playing overseas, and we are (having) success. That`s more important for us, that our cricket is going to improve."
Mortaza added: "Obviously we have been disappointed, especially in India T20 World Cup we couldn`t go through. It happens sometimes in cricket, but we forget it."
Bangladesh may have a fanatical following, but Mortaza insisted all the pressure was on their opponents given how supporters in cricket-crazy India would expect Kohli`s men to tame the Tigers.
"We`re playing the first time in our life in a semi-final, so that is a fact, but also if it`s pressure, I think India have got more pressure than us because the huge population is there, and people love cricket in India a lot," they said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Magdalene Street epitomises indulgence in Cambridge.
With luxurious views of the River Cam, plus an abundance of restaurants, pubs and bars, the Quayside area is one of the most affluent and well-loved parts of town.
Alongside the variety of eateries and boozers, Magdalene Street is home to a mix of specialist shops and glorious boutiques selling everything from high-end fashion to flowers, technology and pottery.
Slightly off the beaten track when it comes to shopping, the medieval shops on Magdalene Street are some of the best in the city.
(Image: David Johnson)
Beautiful boutiques
Magdalene Street feature some of the best names in contemporary fashion - not least Bowns, a high-end women's clothing store stocking Vivienne Westwood and Paule Ka designs.
But beautiful European offerings don't stop there, with Country Traditionals providing Cambridge with the very finest Polish pottery and Kitchenware this side of Kraków.
Whether it's a trendy teapot or a set of gorgeous plates you're after, you're guaranteed to find something you'll love from this boutique shop.
Merging high-end shopping with innovative technology, Bang and Oulfsen have been providing Cambridge technophiles with premium Danish electronics since the brand was established in 1925.
B&O aim to offer savvy technology mixed with an attractive design.
Lively boozer
(Image: David Johnson)
Intellectual conversation and good quality booze don't go amiss at lively city centre boozer The Pickerel Inn.
Owned by Magdalene College the pub is popular among locals, students and tourists.
Steeped in history with a building dating back to the 1500s, this traditional British watering hole is the oldest in the city, and you bet it has some stories to tell.
Fresh flowers
(Image: Warren Gunn)
Tis the season of love, and nothing says romance quite like a bunch of handpicked flowers so if you're thinking about wooing someone this Valentine's Day, increase your chances of success by presenting them with some beautiful blooms from The Flower House.
TFH like to focus on creating fresh, seasonal bouquets for whatever life throws at you.
(Image: David Johnson)
These are just a few of the boutique shops which reside in the higgledy-piggledy buildings on Magdalene Street.
There are also shops selling everything from vinyls to bicycles and Vietnamese to Italian cuisine.
I couldn't write about this chocolate box street without mentioning the far from run-of-the-mill historical Magdalene College.
Gracing the perimeter of this picturesque and ancient road, each of its red bricks is riddled with history.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app.
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
WEST POINT, N.Y. (AP) — Simone Askew marched into history Monday as the first black woman to lead the Long Gray Line at the U.S. Military Academy.
After an early-morning 12-mile march back to the gray stone academic complex with 1,200 new cadets they led through the rigors of basic training at “Beast Barracks,” the 20-year-old international history major from Fairfax, Virginia, assumed duties as first captain of the 4,400-member Corps of Cadets. That's the highest position in the cadet chain of command at West Point.
“It's humbling, but also exciting as I step into this new opportunity to lead the corps to greatness with my teammates with me,” a beaming Askew, still in camouflage fatigues from their march, told reporters.
As first captain, Askew is responsible for the overall performance of the Corps of Cadets. Them duties also include implementing a class agenda and acting as a liaison between the cadets and the administration.
“Simone truly exemplifies our values of Duty, Honor, Country,” said Brig. Gen. Steven W. Gilland, commandant of cadets.
“I can't believe this has happened in my lifetime,” said Pat Locke, one of two African-American women in the first class of women to graduate from West Point in 1980. “When I entered the Academy in 1976, the men did not want us there. Now 40 years later, everybody recognizes the talent and skills women bring to the game.”
Gen. Vincent K. Brooks, commander of U.S. Forces Korea, was West Point's first African-American first captain in 1979. The first female in that role, in 1989, was Col. Kristin Baker, now commander of the Joint Intelligence Operations Center Europe, Analytic Center.
Women make up about 20 percent of cadets, who are usually commissioned as second lieutenants in the Army upon graduation. The academy created a diversity office in 2014 with the goal of recruiting more women and African-Americans and increasing diversity among department heads and other leaders.
Pam Askew, of Fairfax, says their daughter is a natural born leader with incredible drive.
“That leadership is something I've seen throughout their life — wanting to be first, wanting to be the best, wanting to win, in sports, in academics, in every aspect of their life,” Askew said. “And to serve others, as well.”
Askew's appointment comes a year after a photo of 16 graduating black female cadets raising their fists drew criticism from online commentators who accused them of supporting the Black Lives Matter movement. Supporters said they were making a gesture of solidarity and accomplishment as graduation drew near. West Point investigated and determined they hadn't violated any Army rules.
“What that photo said to me was how few black women are graduating,” Locke said. “We average less than 20 African-American women graduating each year out of a class of 1,000. And yet, out of that 20 we got a first captain. Isn't that amazing?”
Locke, a West Point volunteer who has been a mentor to Askew and other cadets, said she'll hold them up as a role model for girls when they hold workshops on leadership and academics at schools in inner cities around the country.
Asked for their advice to young people aspiring to excel, Askew said: “Allow yourself to be a vessel. Throughout my cadet career I've just really focused on being poured into, seeking advice, seeking development, leadership mentors wherever I could. Just truly be a vessel and be poured into.”
Report: Prince Harry Invited Obamas To Their Wedding And Guess The Orange Fool Who Didn't Get An Invite
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Notts County 4 Crewe Alex 1
Crewe Alex slipped to a fourth consecutive defeat – and to two points above the League Two drop zone – at Notts County on Saturday.
They lost a lead, provided by an early Shaun Miller strike, for the third game on the spin as they lost 4-1 at a packed Meadow Lane.
Elliott Hewitt bagged a double after Noor Husin had equalised to give the promotion-chasing hosts the points. Mason Bennett added the gloss with the fourth late on.
While they perhaps deserved more than just the one goal, they could have conceded even more in another woeful defensive display.
The Alex have now shipped 11 goals in their last three games.
Crewe went into the game looking to complete a league double over their promotion-chasing hosts, have won 2-0 at Gresty Road in October.
That bucked an alarming trend which had seen the Railwaymen fail to beat the Magpies in a dozen attempts. Indeed, their last win in Nottingham was in March 1997, when Mark Rivers nicked a late clincher.
Neither side has been enjoying sparkling form, with the Alex having lost their previous three and County having been beaten in their previous two home league fixtures.
Both sides had plenty of support, though. Notts chairperson Alan Hardy had slashed all ticket prices to just £2 to mark their first year anniversary at the helm, and a sell-out 1,450 away fans were amid a bumper 17,274.
David Artell made changes, enforced and tactical. There were five in total.
Ryan Wintle, who had only managed two matches after returning from a three-month absence, suffered an ankle injury in training during the week and will be out for six weeks.
Zoumana Bakayogo was suspended, while keeper Dave Richards (ankle) ruled out. Charlie Kirk and Harry McKirdy were dropped to the bench.
Ben Garratt came in between the sticks, Harry Pickering deputised at left-back, and Tom Lowery was added to midfield.
Shaun Miller was handed their second full debut for the side in attack, while deadline day signing Jamie Sterry, of Newcastle United, started at right-back
George Ray, who had been tipped to start their first appearance of the season, was only amongst the subs after a training ground scare of their own on Wednesday.
Crewe also changed their formation, switching to 3-5-2, while County struck with their familiar 4-4-2, led by ex-Premier League strikers Jon Stead and Shola Ameobi.
Boss Kevin Nolan did make two changes, though, with Lewis Alessandra and Dan Jones coming in.
The Alex got off to a dream start, taking the lead on 11 minutes. A mistake in the County defence was seized upon by Jordan Bowery who saw their shot parried by keeper Adam Collin into the path of Miller who tucked home from close in.
But on 15 minutes it was 1-1 when Noor Husin picked the ball up 30 yards out and lashed an unstoppable looking strike into the top corner.
The Alex had a chance to reestablish their lead straight away, when Sterry floated a superb ball to Miller who chested the ball but then volleyed it over from an angle.
However, the home side were increasingly getting on top with their direct and pressurising game taking its toll.
They did not create many clear-cut opportunities, but went into the break 2-1 after taking advantage of some typically shoddy Alex defending.
Crewe failed to clear their lines as the ball was delivered first from the left, then sent back across goal from Stead. There was Hewitt with a scruffy shot which bounced down and looped up past Garratt.
Defender Richard Duffy flicked a header wide from a free-kick just before a half-time whistle the visitors were desperately in need of.
Pickering slid into deny Alessandra a tap in as Notts threatened soon after the restart, and Garratt was out quickly to make a good save from Ameobi.
That prompted Artell to make their first change, introducing Dan Barlaser in place of Lowery.
Crewe then enjoyed a little purple patch, with Jordan Bowery's flashing header from a corner palmed away by the reflexes of Collin.
But the hosts soon restored order with their third on the hour mark. Stead had a hand in the move which saw the visitors carved open and Hewitt was on hand to slam in from the penalty spot.
McKirdy and Kirk were thrown on in fairly quick succession as the manager rolled the dice, and the two subs combined in the 78th minute to create a good chance.
A mazy solo run by McKirdy ended with Kirk teed up for a cross, and Callum Ainley's downward header at the far post was scrambled off the line.
However, County had the final say when sub Bennett tapped in at the far post following an Alessandra strike which had been palmed out by Garratt.
And the striker rattled the bar in injury time when Crewe, playing more or less without a defence, crumbled.
Notts County (4-4-2): Collin, Duffy, Hunt, Brisley, Jones; Grant, Hewitt, Alessandra, Husin (Noble 78 mins); Stead (Smith 88 mins), Ameobi (Bennett 61 mins).
Subs not used: Pindroch, Milsom, Hall, Walker.
Crewe (3-4-3): Garratt; Nolan, Raynes, Walker (Kirk 73 mins); Pickering (McKirdy 61 mins), Sterry, Lowery (Barlaser 53 mins), Green; Ainley, Bowery, Miller.
Subs not used: Ray, Finney, Reilly, Jaaskelainen.
Referee: 17,274.
Attendance: Brett Huxtable.
The Great Southern Storm have made a number of forced changes to their colts squad ahead of the Landmark Country Football Championships, which begin today at Bendigo Bank Stadium in Mandurah.
The Storm will again be part of a five-team colts division at the annual championships where they will face significantly stronger and older opposition to that from last month's Great Southern Colts Carnival in Kulin.
Injuries to captain Jack Steel, impressive forward Rivah Bocian, Aidin Williss and Hayden Davies have ruled them out of this week's campaign while Liam Park and Gryphon Roy are both unavailable after being part of the team in Kulin.
The Storm will utilise an arrangement they used last year, bringing in four players from the Kimberley region while Bryce Blaszkow, Joe Alvin, Jaike Dale and Ben Watson have been added to the squad.
Blaszkow is the key inclusion, a proven ball winner who has been terrific for Albany this season and will add further midfield depth for the Storm.
Agile big man Dale will help support raw talent Kalin Lane in the ruck while tough nuts Alvin and Watson will help through the midfield or be used as small defenders.
Storm coach Glynn Verbruggen believed the changes will help strengthen their overall depth.
“The guys we have brought in will give us something we lacked in Kulin,” Verbruggen said.
“Jack Steel was terrific as captain in Kulin, they led the group really well and our leaders will have to step up to cover their absence.
“We are really excited to have Bryce coming in. They will bolster us through the midfield and has been playing really strong league footy this year.
“The Storm is keen on that (Kimberley) arrangement — it helps give these kids that exposure they might not get and gives us a real X-factor as well.”
Camera Icon Storm captain Jack Steel will miss the championships through injury.
Verbruggen said their side were up for the challenge as they prepare to tackle the South West Football League and Regional Districts today.
“We are fully aware we face some really strong opposition,” they said.
“But we believe if we can play at our best, we can definitely be competitive and pinch a couple of games.
“We have the South West first up, which is really big challenge but we go in with some confidence built from Kulin and are going to win.”
Ted Batchelor will captain the side in Steel's absence with their side out to reach their second grand final after losing the decider to South West in 2016.
Last year, the Storm finished fourth after losing a third and fourth play-off against Regional Districts.
The Storm play Northern Suns tomorrow at 11am and then Peel Football and Netball League at 1pm before the finals on Saturday morning.
Great Southern Storm
1. Nelson Kent (Railways)
2. Ted Batchelor (North Albany)
3. Tom Wolfe (Railways)
4. Connor Spinks (Jerramungup)
5. Joe Alvin (Railways)
6. Nic Finlay (Royals)
7. Taj Williams (North Albany)
8. Fraser Eaton (Albany)
9. Lachy O'Shea (North Albany)
10. Codey Baxter (Denmark-Walpole)
11. Kohen Lemin (North Albany)
12. Jaike Dale (Royals)
13. Jayden Scott (Railways)
14. Jacob Blight (Railways)
15. Joharn Jack (Broome)
16. Quintin Shandley (Fitzroy Crossing)
17. Kalin Lane (Denmark-Walpole)
18. Jai Long (Halls Creek)
19. Keifan Rogers (Kununurra)
20. Alex Pearce (North Albany)
22. Zainel Bin Busu (Albany)
23. Ben Watson (Royals)
24. Jake Abbott (Albany)
25. Callum Redshaw (Albany)
26. Bryce Blaszkow (Albany)
28. Hayden Parker (Denmark-Walpole)
29. Kieran Gowdie (Albany)
30. Marcus Mellon (Albany)
Even with their 30-10 road win over the New York Giants on Sunday, don't bet on the Dallas Cowboys making the playoffs.
On Sunday, the Philadelphia Eagles locked up the NFC East with a 43-35 road win over the Los Angeles Rams, meaning that the Cowboys only way to sneak into the postseason is by earning a wild-card berth.
With a 7-6 record, Jerry Jones' club technically sits just one game out of the sixth and final playoff spot at the moment. However, because the Green Bay Packers (7-6), Detroit Lions (7-6), Carolina Panthers (9-4) and Atlanta Falcons (8-5) all picked up critical wins in Week 14, the Cowboys must win all three of their remaining games and get a ton of help across the league to even have a chance at playing beyond Week 17 of this season.
Here are the scenarios that must play out over the final three weeks of the NFL season for Dallas to make the playoffs:
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
▪ Dallas must win out (at Oakland, home vs. Seattle, at Philadelphia); A head-to-head victory over Seattle would give Dallas the tie-breaker advantage over the Seahawks.
▪ Green Bay must lose at least 1 of its final three games (at Carolina, home vs. Minnesota, at Detroit)
▪ Detroit lose at least one of its final three games (home vs. Chicago, at Cincinnati, home vs. Green Bay)
▪ And here's the real problem scenario: Atlanta must lose two of its final three games (at Tampa Bay, home vs. New Orleans, home vs. Carolina)
So, what are the chances the Cowboys see that improbable series of events actually unfold?
According to fivethirtyeight.com, Dallas' odds of making the playoffs are 4 percent. That number is just the 17th best in the NFL and the worst percentage of any of the three NFC teams with a 7-6 record.
The surprising return of Packers' quarterback Aaron Rodgers to the starting lineup, which could happen as early as this week, could further increase Green Bay's odds of sneaking into the playoff field.
Dallas does get a few breaks for the final three-game home stretch. The fact that MVP-hopeful Carson Wentz will miss the remainder of this season for the Eagles with a torn anterior cruciate ligament should improve the Cowboys' chances of picking up a win when the two teams meet in the regular-season finale in Philadelphia on Dec. 31.
And while Alfred Morris and Rod Smith have put up solid numbers over the course of the past five games, the duo doesn't have quite the same impact as stud back Ezekiel Elliot. Through their first eight games of this season, they recorded 751 rushing yards and seven rushing scores, putting them on pace for another 1,000-yard, double-digit touchdown season.
Despite a 5-3 record, Dallas then dropped its next three games in a row when Elliot was forced to serve a six-game suspension handed down by the NFL for their alleged involved in a domestic violence incident. The nadir of that losing streak came on Thanksgiving, when the Los Angeles Chargers handed out a 28-6 beat-down that appeared to cripple Dallas' playoff aspirations.
Since then, though the Cowboys have won two games in a row by beating up on the Washington Redskins and Giants. And after Garrett and company take on an underachieving Raiders team next weekend in Oakland, Elliot will be eligible to return for the team's final two games of the season against the Seahawks on Christmas Eve, and at the Eagles on New Year's Eve.
NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) — Researchers say the world's last male northern white rhino, Sudan, has died after “age-related complications.”
A statement from the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya says the 45-year-old rhino was euthanized on Monday after their condition “worsened significantly” and they were no longer able to stand.
The rhino had been part of an ambitious effort to save the subspecies from extinction with the help of the two surviving females.
“He was a great ambassador for their species and will be remembered for the work they did to raise awareness globally of the plight facing not only rhinos, but also the many thousands of other species facing extinction as a result of unsustainable human activity,” said the conservancy's CEO, Richard Vigne.
Sudan was something of a celebrity, attracting thousands of visitors.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — Justin Thomas emerged from the shadow of a longtime friend and won the PGA Championship to take their place among the young elite in golf.
With two big breaks to start the back nine, a chip-in for birdie and a 7-iron that soared over the water to a peninsula green, Thomas closed with a 3-under 68 and won by two shots. The PGA Championship was the most fitting major for the 24-year-old son of a PGA professional.
Mike Thomas, a former PGA board member and longtime pro in Kentucky, walked along the edge of the 18th green and into the arms of their son, a major champion.
The week began with Jordan Spieth's quest for a career Grand Slam. Spieth was at the 18th green late Sunday afternoon at Quail Hollow, but only so they could celebrate the moment with Thomas, close friends since they were 14.
SOCCER
GUINGAMP, France (AP) — Declaring they were “more alive than ever,” Neymar did not disappoint on their debut for Paris Saint-Germain.
The world's most expensive player provided a pulsating evening's entertainment at the Stade du Roudourou, with one goal and an assist, as PSG overcame strong resistance from Guingamp to win 3-0 in the French league.
Neymar was named man of the match, and it was deserved.
Neymar, who signed from Barcelona last week, missed the start of the season at the Parc des Princes against Amiens due to paperwork problems. Hired for a world-record 222 million euros ($262 million), they started on the left wing of PSG's attack in the small Brittany town.
BARCELONA, Spain (AP) — Cristiano Ronaldo was sent off after helping Real Madrid secure a 3-1 win at Barcelona in the first leg of the Spanish Super Cup.
Ronaldo scored with a beautiful strike to make it 2-1 in the 80th minute and earned a yellow card for taking off their shirt to flex their muscles at Camp Nou.
Ronaldo will miss Wednesday's second leg in Madrid after being booked again just two minutes after scoring for diving in the area.
Madrid went ahead in the 50th from an own-goal by Barcelona defender Gerard Pique.
Lionel Messi equalized for Barcelona in the 77th when they converted a penalty after Luis Suarez was fouled by goalkeeper Keylor Navas.
Marco Asensio got 10-man Madrid's third goal in the 90th.
WORLD CHAMPIONSHIPS
LONDON (AP) — Allyson Felix earned a second gold medal and highlighted the overwhelming performance of the United States at the 10-day world championships.
In doing so, Felix made sure they became the most decorated athlete in the history of the event — and that includes Usain Bolt.
Felix won gold in the 4×400-meter relay a day after winning the same color medal in the 4×100 relay. They also earned a bronze medal in the 400-meter race to give them 16 in their career. Bolt finished their career with 14.
In a world championship of upsets right up to the last event, Trinidad and Tobago beat the United States in the men's 4×400, producing only a little dent in an all-powerful performance.
The Americans finished with 30 medals, 10 of them gold. That was only one short of the overall record held by East Germany.
COLLEGE FOOTBALL
GAINESVILLE, Fla. (AP) — Florida has suspended troubled receiver Antonio Callaway and six others for the team's season opener against Michigan.
A person familiar with the situation tells The Associated Press the players were suspended for misusing school-issued funds. The person spoke to the AP on the condition of anonymity because Florida did not release details of the suspensions.
Callaway, defensive end Keivonnis Davis, defensive lineman Richerd Desir-Jones, linebacker James Houston, linebacker Ventrell Miller, defensive lineman Jordan Smith and offensive tackle Kadeem Telfort won't be allowed to play Sept. 2 against the Wolverines in Arlington, Texas.
Coach Jim McElwain says: “We have a small group of players that have made some choices that are extremely disappointing. Action has been taken: They have missed some practice and will miss the Michigan game. We will use this as a learning opportunity and we will have some players step up as we move forward.”
COLLEGE BASKETBALL
DURHAM, N.C. (AP) — Duke basketball coach Mike Krzyzewski has undergone knee replacement surgery.
Team spokesperson Cory Walton says the procedure on their right knee was performed Sunday by Dr. Michael Bolognesi at the university's hospital.
Bolognesi says the surgery went “very smoothly,” and doctors hoped to have the Hall of Fame coach walking later in the day. He's expected to be released within one to three days to begin a rehabilitation program at Duke.
The surgery led Duke to cancel the exhibition trip to the Dominican Republic that was scheduled to begin this week. Krzyzewski opted for surgery after determining their knee condition “wouldn't be sustainable” through the season.
Krzyzewski has had both of their knees replaced in the past 17 months, with six total surgeries in that span.
SPORTS BUSINESS
MIAMI (AP) — A person familiar with the situation says NBA Hall of Famer Michael Jordan has a small stake in Derek Jeter's investment group that reached an agreement to buy the Miami Marlins.
The person confirmed Jordan's role to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the parties involved have not commented.
Jordan already owns the NBA Charlotte Hornets. They and Jeter have known each other for more than 20 years and are close friends.
A signed $1.2 billion agreement was submitted Saturday to Major League Baseball for Marlins owner Jeffrey Loria to sell the franchise to a group that includes Jeter, the former New York Yankees captain. Venture capitalist Bruce Sherman of Naples, Florida would be the controlling owner.
The Marlins expect to close the deal in early October.
BOXING
Gavin and Joe Maloof are so confident Floyd Mayweather Jr. will beat Conor McGregor that they bet $880,000 on it.
And if the Maloof brothers are big winners along with Mayweather on Aug. 26, they are giving the proceeds of their whopping wager to charity.
The wealthy entrepreneurs and former Sacramento Kings owners revealed their extraordinary bet to The Associated Press on Sunday, two days after they placed the wager at the South Point Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. The bet is thought to be the biggest yet made on the fight, which is expected to be Vegas' biggest spectacle in recent years.
The Maloofs will make a $160,000 profit if Mayweather — a minus-550 favorite Friday — remains unbeaten against McGregor, the UFC champion making their pro boxing debut.
BASEBALL
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The San Diego Padres committed to their rebuilding program under Andy Green, giving their manager a three-year extension through 2021.
Green, 40, is in the second year of their original contract with the struggling Padres (51-65), and the organization is encouraged by the way they have handled their young team.
“In terms of them being the guy the group looks to, I don't think there's any question when we're down in that clubhouse, he's the leader,” general manager A.J. Preller said.
The Padres are undergoing a massive player personnel change and the organization feels they have blended well with the young and veteran players.
“He's a guy I've really enjoyed playing for the last two years,” first baseman Wil Myers said. “One of the more intelligent minds in the game.”
The Padres went 68-94 last year in Green's first season with the team.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
WHAT “Travesties” WHERE American Airlines Theatre, 227 W. 42nd St. INFO From $49; 212-719-1300, roundabouttheatre.org BOTTOM LINE Tom Stoppard's uproarious play explores the nature of art.
Art is absurdly overrated by artists, proclaims one of the characters in “Travesties,” the 1974 Tom Stoppard comedy that makes great sport of dissecting that notion.
The madcap play, winner of the 1976 Tony Award, is getting its first Broadway revival, at Roundabout's American Airlines Theatre. It is yet another transfer from London, where it played to sellout crowds at the Menier Chocolate Factory before moving to the West End.
Impeccably directed as it was in London by Patrick Marber, the play is set during World War I in Zurich, the famously neutral city that in 1917 counted among its residents author James Joyce, revolutionist Vladimir Lenin and poet Tristan Tzara, a founder of the freethinking artistic movement known as Dada.
Only a playwright as brilliantly inventive as Stoppard could put all that together to come up with an uproarious work that seriously questions the nature of art. They tell the story through the eyes of Henry Carr (Tom Hollander, delightfully zany) a real-life British diplomat we first meet as a doddering old man in rumpled robe and crumpled straw hat, fighting through their senility to recall these people who invaded their life.
As Carr sheds robe and hat, their younger persona interacts with the other characters who come and go on Tim Hatley's perfectly cluttered set (love the odd assortment of taxidermy) that serves as both library and Carr's apartment.
Central to the action is Joyce (a rightfully studious Peter McDonald), who is running a theater company while working on “Ulysses.” They want Carr to play Algernon in “The Importance of Being Earnest,” a play as closely intertwined with this work as “Hamlet” is with Stoppard's earlier “Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead.”
Tzara (Seth Numrich, deliciously loose-limbed) flits about, wooing Carr's sister, Gwendolen, while Lenin (Dan Butler, looking very much like the real thing) sequesters themselves in the library researching revolutionary tactics and finding a disciple in the lovely librarian Cecily (note the character names lifted from “Earnest”).
In a recent New Yorker interview, Stoppard called “Travesties” “intellectual entertainment.” And certainly, it helps to know something of the source material (Roundabout makes a valiant effort to offer details in the program). Even without a solid knowledge of Irish novelists, avant-garde poets or Russian revolutionaries, it's possible, as Roundabout's artistic director Todd Haimes suggests, to simply let the pleasures of the show “wash over you.” As Carr says more than once, “We're here because we're here. “
CLOSE 2017 was a record year in Wilmington. Shootings and homicides in Delaware's largest city, one of America's deadliest, increased 22 percent, hitting an all-time record of 197 people shot and 33 homicides.
Buy Photo Latonya Smith holds a picture of their 22-year-old son Cyree Watson, who was gunned down in July in the City of Wilmington. (Photo: Jennifer Corbett, The News Journal)Buy Photo
Latonya Smith will never feel right.
Six months after their 22-year-old son Cyree Watson was killed on Wilmington's streets, they still feel like they did the moment that terrible phone call arrived.
"I can have a day where I'm OK. Just OK," they said. "But then all it takes is one second, one thought, and I go back into depression.
"I wouldn't wish this pain on no one. Not even the guy that killed my son."
With 197 people shot, 32 fatally, 2017 was Wilmington's worst year ever for gun violence.
The city already had climbed to the highest rate in the country of young people being shot, but shootings in general increased more than 35 percent in 2017 over the prior year. Homicides, including non-gun crimes, increased 25 percent.
Officials say Wilmington's shootings are almost always targeted attacks, but bystanders also get caught in the crossfire. Victims in 2017 include a 6-year-old boy who survived a bullet wound to the head and a 16-year-old pageant princess who was shot and killed in April.
Now, a record number of families are starting a year without their loved ones.
Buy Photo Latonya Smith keeps a picture of their 22-year-old son Cyree Watson on a necklace to keep their memories of them close to their heart. (Photo: Jennifer Corbett, The News Journal)
And the majority of those families are without answers. Most fatal shooting cases go unsolved in Wilmington. Only 38 percent of city homicides result in arrest, according to the police chief. That's below the national average clearance rate of 59.4 percent.
"Wilmington, to me, is a very dark place," said Smith, who grew up in Delaware but has lived in North Carolina for years. "I know they're not trying hard enough."
One year into their term, Wilmington Mayor Michael Purzycki has a different perspective.
"I'm not as rattled by these numbers because I think we're doing the right thing," they said.
Purzycki is confident in their police chief, Robert J. Tracy, who brings to Wilmington the same data and accountability strategies they believe lowered crime in New York City and Chicago.
"Obviously there will be a day when we have to reflect on what's going on, and if they continue at this level and we're not able to change things, it's going to be a cause for very serious concern," Purzycki said. "I don't feel that way right now."
Buy Photo Wilmington Police Chief Robert Tracy speaks to News Journal reporters Dec. 13. (Photo: Jerry Habraken, The News Journal)
At what point that reflection will come, Purzycki said they don't know.
"I would hope that six months from now we start to see some real statistical evidence that what we're doing, inside the department and outside of the department, are working."
The mayor and police chief say they inherited complex problems that have no quick solutions.
But for the families of murder victims, the city's request for more time rings hollow.
“How much time do they need?" asked Barbara Albanese of the police chief, weeks after their 18-year-old great nephew was killed. "There's been more murders now than before they started.”
Some families claim elected officials' apparent inaction has to do with race and economic class.
THEIR STORIES:The 2017 victims
"It's prominently happening to African Americans," said Mia Jones, whose 20-year-old son, Kai'Mel Ennals, was shot dead on Sept. 2. "Until it happens on their doorsteps, then it would be a problem."
It feels to them like the city doesn't care that its minorities are killing themselves off, Jones said.
"I can't be the only one outraged," they added. "This is ridiculous."
'Patience with a sense of urgency'
Chief Tracy said they are doing their best. Much of the violence in Wilmington is retaliatory, and one shooting "snowballs" into another.
“They sometimes don't even know the reason why it started,” they said.
He's trying to stop the bleeding while simultaneously building a foundation for the police force, they said.
"I have to practice patience with a sense of urgency," they said. "I'm trying to get there as quickly as I can, but I want to build this department for long-term, sustainable success."
Buy Photo Wilmington Police Chief Robert Tracy said much of the violence in Wilmington is retaliatory, and one shooting "snowballs" into another. (Photo: Jerry Habraken, The News Journal)
To do that, the chief implemented department-wide community policing strategies including assigning officers to the same neighborhoods every shift and requiring them to attend civic association meetings when they're not responding to calls for service.
“You can't solve crimes without the community,” Purzycki said. “They have got to be willing to pick up the phone and call you. That's a trust that takes a long time to build up.”
Tracy also pushes officers responding to shootings to find suspects early –– and work on preventing the next incident.
"The person or the people who are going to retaliate are the friends of the victim," the chief said. "You can try to get in front of who they're in conflict with and... if we have a suspect or known perpetrator, make sure we're looking for them immediately. In the past, we waited."
Tracy said the department was not set up to do this when they came in.
"To change the culture of the way we do policing is going to take a little bit of time."
Buy Photo Wilmington police investigate a shooting that left a male victim injured Monday night. (Photo: JOHN J. JANKOWSKI JR./SPECIAL TO THE NEWS JOURNAL)
The mayor said they "could not be any happier" with the state of the police department.
"Aside from some of these disappointing statistical realities that we deal with, I know the foundation being laid in that department is as strong as I ever could've hoped for."
The Wilmington Police Department is in frequent contact with other area law enforcement agencies and the attorney general's office, the chief said, in an effort to improve communication and strengthen cases.
“Everybody counts in this criminal justice system,” Tracy said. “We're getting on the same page. … I understand our relationship wasn't the greatest in the past.”
The chief said there are reasons to believe their approach is working.
Property crimes, like robberies, burglaries and auto thefts, are down over 2016 numbers, they said. And although shootings and homicides are at all-time highs overall, the number of shootings "slowed" after they started work. The average number of shootings in the first four months of the year was 17. The average was 16 for the remaining months of the year.
“They're staying more steady this year compared to last year, instead of seeing those big spikes,” they said. “I think some things have worked, but are we where we need to be, or as good as we need to be? No, we're not there yet.”
Tracy said they take every shooting to heart.
“I look at, how did we deploy, how did we miss it?” they said. “There is no one more critical of what we do than myself."
‘A political world'
In a year of record gun crimes in a city known for its violence, Purzycki said they haven't gotten the pressure their predecessor, former Mayor Dennis P. Williams, was subject to.
The citizens, they said, are “very patient with us.”
“I don't see the public pressing too hard on us. I think they really believe we're doing the right things,” the mayor said. “They all understand we didn't get here overnight and it's not going to change overnight.”
But when asked about long-term solutions for Wilmington's long-term problems –– specifically the recommendations from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention that have not been fulfilled two years after they were issued –– the mayor said it's out of their hands.
Buy Photo Wilmington Mayor Mike Purzycki speaks to News Journal reporters Dec. 13. (Photo: Jerry Habraken, The News Journal)
The state is responsible for creating and funding the CDC-recommended database and services, they said.
“I think the people involved are committed to doing it, but these things are brutal in their implementation,” they said. “We all live in a political world… It takes collaboration at a level that is really difficult at times. It's hard enough to do it within the four walls of the city government… It's really hard when you have to go outside.”
Gov. John Carney announced on Wednesday that the state was awarded an 18-month technical assistance grant to help implement the CDC recommendations. As for when the recommendations will be completed, "it's hard to put a specific timeframe on" it, said Jill Fredel, communications director for the department of health and social services.
Carney, in a statement, told The News Journal that he's spent a "considerable" portion of each day focused on Wilmington since taking office a year ago.
"I talk to members of my cabinet almost daily about their actions in the city, and we are constantly looking for ways to do more," said Carney, who has lived in Wilmington for 30 years. "Our work in Wilmington is reflected in the growing role of the Family Services Cabinet Council throughout the city and it will be reflected in our budget."
Carney added that they and Purzycki regularly speak and coordinate their work in order to discuss ways they can do more.
"The state is committed to supporting Wilmington, and making it healthy again," they said.
Purzycki is focused on something more politically feasible, tackling blighted and vacant properties in the city. It's something they feel is an environmental cause of city violence.
"Our neighborhoods are shockingly bad by so many measures, and it shouldn't surprise anybody that you have crime in those neighborhoods," they said.
A reform measure before the city council would make it easier for the city to send dilapidated and vacant homes to a sheriff sale. The mayor believes changing the city landscape will change "criminal, dysfunctional behavior."
‘Nobody cares until it happens to them'
The mayor and police chief describe a police department full of dedicated officers who are committed to adapting to new methodologies.
For mothers of murdered sons, their perception of the police department is different.
Alicia Jackson and their son Darrius Jackson-Paul, who was shot and killed in Wilmington in May 2017. (Photo: Courtesy of Alicia Jackson)
All Alicia Jackson knows is that they gave police the name of a suspect and a witness to their only son's May killing, but no arrests have been made.
"I feel the Wilmington police department don't really care about these murders," they said. "It seems like it's a high epidemic of young boys getting murdered left and right, and I haven't talked to a detective since August or September."
Answers won't heal Jackson's broken heart, they said, but justice would calm the urge they feel to exact revenge on the person who killed them son.
"I had to view my child with a hole in their head," they said. "Nobody cares until it happens to them."
Barbara Albanese, whose sister's grandson Justin McDermott was shot and killed, is also frustrated that they feel clues are not being followed.
“It's ridiculous the way things are ending up in Wilmington,” they said. “I know there are rumors on the street and police have heard them.”
When shootings become "stereotypical," police can become apathetic, said Justin McDermott's cousin Chris Albanese.
"(Police) see where it is, how old they are and maybe they had a bag of weed in their pocket or something and automatically they think criminal, drug dealer, whatever,” Chris Albanese said. “The cops definitely need to put more effort into it.”
Latonya Smith with their son, Cyree Watson, who was killed in Wilmington in July 2017. (Photo: Courtesy of Latonya Smith)
Around Thanksgiving, Latonya Smith visited a memorial for their son Cyree at the site of their shooting. Two other memorials were erected within steps of his.
“I don't understand how they just shoot somebody up in their head and live every day without a conscience,” they said.
Smith never considered cremation for a loved one, but Cyree was different. They didn't want to leave their son in the ground in Delaware.
“He's in my room. I talk to him. I hold him. Everybody thought I was losing my mind because everywhere I went I would carry them with me. I would walk around with them in my arms like a baby.”
Even though money is tight, they travel from North Carolina to Delaware every few weeks to check in with the detective on their son's case, which is still unsolved.
They want them to know that someone cared about him.
“I will never stop calling. I will never stop seeking information,” they said. “I will never give up.”
Contact Christina Jedra at cjedra@delawareonline.com, (302) 324-2837 or on Twitter @ChristinaJedra. Contact Esteban Parra at (302) 324-2299 or eparra@delawareonline.com. Contact Adam Duvernay at (302) 324-2785 or aduvernay@delawareonline.com.
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/local/2018/01/05/wilmington-mayor-record-shootings-homicides-not-yet-cause-serious-concern-wilmington-mayor-record-sh/984347001/
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–College Bkb Schedule, Dec 10-18
College Basketball Schedule
By The Associated Press
ap
All Times EST Sunday, Dec. 10 EAST
Navy at Columbia, 1 p.m.
La Salle at Villanova, 1 p.m.
St. Francis (Pa.) at Niagara, 2 p.m.
Drexel at Robert Morris, 2 p.m.
Maine at Machias at Maine, 2 p.m.
Fairfield at LIU Brooklyn, 3:30 p.m.
Mercy at Wagner, 4 p.m.
SOUTH
Tulane vs. Florida St. at Tampa, Fla., Noon
Webber International at FAU, Noon
Charlotte at Chattanooga, 1 p.m.
North Greenville at Coll. of Charleston, 2 p.m.
James Madison at Richmond, 2 p.m.
Toccoa Falls at High Point, 2 p.m.
Hiwassee at ETSU, 2 p.m.
Troy at Southern Miss., 3 p.m.
Cincinnati Clermont at UT Martin, 3 p.m.
Md.-Eastern Shore at Virginia Tech, 3 p.m.
Milligan at UNC-Asheville, 3:30 p.m.
UNC-Wilmington at LSU, 5 p.m.
E. Kentucky at N. Kentucky, 6 p.m.
MIDWEST
Arizona St. at Kansas, 2 p.m.
Notre Dame College at Cleveland St., 2 p.m.
E. Washington at South Dakota, 2 p.m.
W. Kentucky at Ohio, 2 p.m.
South Alabama at SIU-Edwardsville, 3 p.m.
Dubuque at N. Iowa, 5 p.m.
Southern U. at Iowa, 5 p.m.
Alcorn St. at Iowa St., 6 p.m.
IUPUI at Purdue, 7 p.m.
SOUTHWEST
Missouri St. at Oral Roberts, 4 p.m.
FAR WEST
Oklahoma Panhandle State at N. Colorado, 7 p.m.
Gonzaga at Washington, 8 p.m.
Monday, Dec. 11 EAST
Sacred Heart at Hartford, 7 p.m.
Siena at Vermont, 7 p.m.
SOUTH
FIU at South Florida, 7 p.m.
North Florida at Florida A&M, 7 p.m.
Bryant at Louisville, 7 p.m.
Fisk at Jackson St., 7 p.m.
MIDWEST
Chicago St. at Northwestern, 7 p.m.
Drake at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Alabama A&M at DePaul, 9 p.m.
FAR WEST
NC Central at Grand Canyon, 9 p.m.
Texas Southern at Oregon, 10 p.m.
Tuesday, Dec. 12 EAST
St. Peter's at Seton Hall, 7 p.m.
Fordham at Rutgers, 7 p.m.
Army at St. Francis Brooklyn, 7 p.m.
Hofstra at Stony Brook, 7 p.m.
NJIT at Colgate, 7 p.m.
Coppin St. at UMBC, 7 p.m.
Columbia at Boston College, 7 p.m.
Yale at Iona, 7 p.m.
Monmouth (NJ) at Princeton, 7 p.m.
SOUTH
Kentucky Christian at Morehead St., 11 a.m.
Charleston Southern at SC State, 1 p.m.
Catholic University at Maryland, 7 p.m.
Cal Poly at Bethune-Cookman, 7 p.m.
Point University at Georgia St., 7 p.m.
SE Louisiana at UCF, 7 p.m.
Georgia Southern at George Mason, 7 p.m.
Louisiana-Lafayette at Louisiana Tech, 7:30 p.m.
Fisk at Alcorn St., 8 p.m.
Tennessee St. at Alabama St., 8 p.m.
Grambling St. at Louisiana-Monroe, 8 p.m.
Albany (NY) at Memphis, 9 p.m.
MIDWEST
Mississippi St. at Cincinnati, 7 p.m.
Green Bay at Indiana St., 7 p.m.
Valley City State at N. Dakota St., 8 p.m.
Murray St. at Saint Louis, 8 p.m.
North Dakota at S. Dakota St., 8 p.m.
SOUTHWEST
Michigan at Texas, 9 p.m.
FAR WEST
San Diego at Colorado, 8 p.m.
Eastern New Mexico at New Mexico St., 9 p.m.
E. Washington at Wyoming, 9 p.m.
Jacksonville St. at Oregon St., 10 p.m.
Wednesday, Dec. 13 EAST
Boston U. at Mass.-Lowell, 5 p.m.
Villanova at Temple, 7 p.m.
MVSU at Duquesne, 7 p.m.
SOUTH
UNC-Wilmington at UNC-Greensboro, 7 p.m.
FIU at North Florida, 7 p.m.
Milwaukee at Belmont, 7:30 p.m.
Southern Miss. at Alabama A&M, 8 p.m.
Sam Houston St. at Mississippi, 8 p.m.
Houston at LSU, 9 p.m.
MIDWEST
Longwood at Illinois, 8 p.m.
Jackson St. at S. Illinois, 8 p.m.
UALR at Bradley, 8 p.m.
Arkansas St. at Nebraska-Omaha, 8 p.m.
W. Kentucky at Wisconsin, 8 p.m.
SOUTHWEST
Savannah St. at Texas A&M, 8 p.m.
New Orleans at SMU, 8 p.m.
Kennesaw St. at Texas Tech, 9 p.m.
FAR WEST
Denver at N. Colorado, 9 p.m.
Grand Canyon at Boise St., 9 p.m.
Ark.-Pine Bluff at Fresno St., 10 p.m.
Portland St. at Oregon, 10 p.m.
Saint Martin's at Seattle, 10 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 14 SOUTH
Washington Adventist University at Howard, 6 p.m.
Montreat at Furman, 7 p.m.
Southern Wesleyan at VMI, 7 p.m.
McNeese St. at NC Central, 7 p.m.
The Citadel at Campbell, 7 p.m.
Bethune-Cookman at South Florida, 7 p.m.
Toccoa Falls at Presbyterian, 7 p.m.
Mid-Atlantic Christian at Norfolk St., 7 p.m.
Florida College at Lipscomb, 7:30 p.m.
Florida A&M at Southern U., 7:30 p.m.
Southern University at New Orleans at SE Louisiana, 8 p.m.
MIDWEST
Valparaiso at Northwestern, 8 p.m.
SOUTHWEST
St. Edwards at Rice, 12:30 p.m.
Prairie View at Tulsa, 8 p.m.
Texas Southern at Baylor, 8:30 p.m.
FAR WEST
South Dakota at N. Arizona, 8:30 p.m.
Bethesda at Utah Valley, 9 p.m.
Santa Clara at Southern Cal, 10 p.m.
Friday, Dec. 15 EAST
Washington College (MD) at Mount St. Mary's, 7:30 p.m.
SOUTH
Tennessee St. at NC A&T, 7 p.m.
E. Kentucky at Charleston Southern, 7:30 p.m.
Thomas (GA) at Samford, 8 p.m.
MIDWEST
Dartmouth at Ill.-Chicago, 8 p.m.
Md.-Eastern Shore at Creighton, 8 p.m.
SOUTHWEST
UALR at Sam Houston St., 7:30 p.m.
St. Mary's at Texas A&M-CC, 8 p.m.
Barclay College at Houston Baptist, 8 p.m.
FAR WEST
S. Dakota St. at Colorado, 8 p.m.
Denver at Stanford, 10 p.m.
UC Davis at San Francisco, 10 p.m.
Simon Fraser at Idaho, 10 p.m.
Saturday, Dec. 16 EAST
Seton Hall at Rutgers, Noon
Miami at George Washington, Noon
Syracuse at Georgetown, 12:30 p.m.
Robert Morris at Buffalo, 2 p.m.
McNeese St. at Pittsburgh, 2 p.m.
Georgia at UMass, 3 p.m.
Coll. of Charleston at Rhode Island, 4 p.m.
Fairleigh Dickinson at NJIT, 4 p.m.
Wagner at Rider, 4 p.m.
SUNY Maritime at St. Francis Brooklyn, 4 p.m.
Vermont vs. St. Bonaventure at Rochester, N.Y., 4 p.m.
Drexel at Temple, 5 p.m.
Canisius at Albany (NY), 7 p.m.
Lyndon State at New Hampshire, 7 p.m.
SOUTH
Memphis vs. Louisville at New York, N.Y., Noon
Indiana St. at W. Kentucky, Noon
UNC-Greensboro at NC State, Noon
Point University at The Citadel, 1 p.m.
Kentucky Christian at Liberty, 1 p.m.
Stephen F. Austin at LSU, 1 p.m.
Oklahoma St. vs. Florida St. at Sunrise, Fla., 2 p.m.
Virginia Tech at Kentucky, 2 p.m.
Montreat at Coastal Carolina, 2 p.m.
Winthrop at Alabama St., 2 p.m.
Cornell at Longwood, 2 p.m.
Davidson at Virginia, 2 p.m.
SE Louisiana at Grambling St., 3 p.m.
Pepperdine at Belmont, 3 p.m.
Alabama A&M at UAB, 3:15 p.m.
Illinois St. at Mississippi, 3:30 p.m.
SC-Upstate at Jacksonville St., 4 p.m.
Niagara at Norfolk St., 4 p.m.
Jacksonville at SC State, 4 p.m.
E. Illinois at South Alabama, 4:05 p.m.
Clemson vs. Florida at Sunrise, Fla., 4:30 p.m.
William Carey at Southern Miss., 5 p.m.
LSU-Shreveport vs. Northwestern St. at Shreveport, La., 6 p.m.
Bucknell at VCU, 6 p.m.
Middle Tennessee vs. Auburn at Birmingham, Ala., 6 p.m.
Arkansas St. at FAU, 7 p.m.
Bethune-Cookman at Kennesaw St., 7 p.m.
Culver-Stockton at Nicholls, 7 p.m.
Ohio at Marshall, 7 p.m.
UT Martin at Mississippi St., 8 p.m.
New Orleans at Louisiana-Lafayette, 8 p.m.
Marist at Murray St., 8 p.m.
Oral Roberts at Florida Gulf Coast, 8:15 p.m.
MIDWEST
Michigan vs. Detroit at Detroit, Mich., Noon
Purdue vs. Butler at Indianapolis, Ind., Noon
Iowa vs. Drake at Des Moines, Iowa, 2 p.m.
Northwestern at DePaul, 2 p.m.
Loyola of Chicago at Milwaukee, 2 p.m.
MVSU at Akron, 2 p.m.
Stetson at Fort Wayne, 2 p.m.
ETSU at Xavier, 2 p.m.
Wright St. at Toledo, 2 p.m.
Oakland vs. Michigan St. at Detroit, Mich., 2:30 p.m.
Indiana vs. Notre Dame at Indianapolis, Ind., 2:30 p.m.
Bradley at Chicago St., 3:05 p.m.
Austin Peay at Evansville, 4 p.m.
Oklahoma at Wichita St., 4 p.m.
Iowa St. vs. N. Iowa at Des Moines, Iowa, 4:30 p.m.
Appalachian St. at Ohio St., 6 p.m.
UW-Parkside at Green Bay, 7 p.m.
Georgia St. at Dayton, 7 p.m.
New Mexico St. at Illinois, 8 p.m.
Texas-Arlington at the Rio Grande, 8 p.m.
Kansas at Nebraska, 8 p.m.
SE Missouri at Kansas St., 8 p.m.
North Florida at Missouri, 8:30 p.m.
SOUTHWEST
Louisiana Tech at Texas, 2 p.m.
UMKC at Incarnate Word, 4 p.m.
Manhattan at Tulsa, 7 p.m.
Bethany (KS) at UTSA, 8 p.m.
Rice at Texas Tech, 8 p.m.
Troy vs. Arkansas at North Little Rock, Ark., 8 p.m.
FAR WEST
Cent. Michigan at S. Utah, 2:30 p.m.
Cincinnati at UCLA, 3:30 p.m.
Cal St.-Fullerton at California, 4 p.m.
Linfield College at Portland St., 4 p.m.
Georgia Southern at CS Bakersfield, 5 p.m.
IUPUI at Washington St., 6 p.m.
Oregon at Fresno St., 6 p.m.
E. Michigan at Long Beach St., 7 p.m.
UC Irvine at Saint Mary's (Cal), 8 p.m.
North Dakota at Gonzaga, 8 p.m.
Arizona at New Mexico, 8 p.m.
Ark.-Pine Bluff at Weber St., 9 p.m.
Life Pacific College at Utah St., 9 p.m.
Portland at Seattle, 10 p.m.
UNLV at Pacific, 10 p.m.
North Texas at San Diego, 10 p.m.
Texas Southern at Wyoming, 10 p.m.
Princeton at Cal Poly, 10 p.m.
Saint Louis vs. Oregon St. at Portland, Ore., 10:30 p.m.
Utah at BYU, 11 p.m.
Sunday, Dec. 17 EAST
N. Kentucky at UMBC, Noon
St. Peter's at LIU Brooklyn, Noon
NC A&T at Duquesne, 12:30 p.m.
CCSU at Boston College, 1 p.m.
Elon at Boston U., 1 p.m.
Old Dominion at Fairfield, 1 p.m.
Siena at Bryant, 1 p.m.
Binghamton at Sacred Heart, 1 p.m.
Stony Brook at Providence, 2:30 p.m.
Maine at Saint Joseph's, 4:30 p.m.
Mercer at La Salle, 4:30 p.m.
Iona vs. St. John's at New York, N.Y., 4:30 p.m.
Delaware at Delaware St., 8 p.m.
SOUTH
Milligan at William & Mary, 2 p.m.
Abilene Christian at Lipscomb, 2 p.m.
Cent. Arkansas at Morehead St., 2 p.m.
Gardner-Webb at Hampton, 2 p.m.
High Point vs. Wofford at Asheville, N.C., 2 p.m.
Furman at UNC-Wilmington, 2 p.m.
Chattanooga at Tennessee Tech, 3 p.m.
North Carolina at Tennessee, 3 p.m.
Penn St. at George Mason, 4 p.m.
Florida A&M at Georgia Tech, 4 p.m.
W. Carolina vs. UNC-Asheville at Asheville, N.C., 4:30 p.m.
MIDWEST
Rio Grande at Miami (Ohio), 2 p.m.
Cornell College at Nebraska-Omaha, 2 p.m.
Lamar at S. Illinois, 4 p.m.
Midway at Evansville, 4 p.m.
SOUTHWEST
Savannah St. at Baylor, 3 p.m.
Prairie View at Houston, 4 p.m.
FAR WEST
Army vs. Air Force at New York, N.Y., 1:30 p.m.
Vanderbilt at Arizona St., 2 p.m.
UC Riverside at Montana, 3 p.m.
CS Northridge at E. Washington, 4:05 p.m.
Texas State at Colorado St., 5 p.m.
Radford at Nevada, 5:30 p.m.
San Francisco at Stanford, 6 p.m.
Loyola Marymount at Washington, 6 p.m.
South Dakota at San Jose St., 6 p.m.
UC Santa Barbara at Southern Cal, 8 p.m.
Utah Valley at Hawaii, 11 p.m.
___
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
GUJRAT: Pakistan Muslim League-Quaid (PML-Q) central leader and former deputy prime minister Ch Parvez Elahi on Saturday said that owing to the Punjab government's negligence towards the health sector, the public hospitals are facing a shortage of medicines and the people are losing their lives.
They were speaking to the media at the marriage ceremony of Dr Ansar Mahmud's daughter in Gujrat.
Expressing sorrow over the mishap in Libya, they said the ministry of interior should take precautionary measures to put an end to the practice. There is no one to apprehend the agents who send these people abroad illegally.
Replying to a question regarding the forthcoming elections, Parvez said that as for now the delimitations of the constituencies is taking place. The strategy will be finalised when the situation is clearer, they added.
They further said that the PML-N-led Punjab government has destroyed the province. They have a personal enmity towards Gujrat and do not even bother about their regional representatives. During our tenure, they said, the best university was established in Gujrat, and the operations of Rescue 1122 were also launched.
Shehbaz, on the other hand, is a champion of telling lies and never gets tired of doing so, said Parvez. The chief minister cannot even name a single project launched by their government for the welfare of the common man, said the PML-Q leader while adding that the representatives of Gujrat can neither speak for themselves nor raise their voice for the rights of the people they represent.
The Wazirabad Institute of Cardiology becomes operational only when I tell media the truth or when the chief justice takes notice. The hospital remains nonfunctional otherwise, alleged Parvez.
They questioned that if the ousted prime minister is unable to understand why was they ousted then how can they understand the ordeal of the people they were ruling over?
Both the army and judiciary are respectable institutions that are the guardians of justice and the country, but Nawaz Sharif is targeting them, they said.
Nawaz first attacked the Supreme Court and then got a judge attacked in Bahawalpur, they added.
By Kamrin Baker
ONLINE REPORTER
“Miss Mason, you're the best art teacher in the world.”
Julia Mason; an art teacher at Indian Hill Elementary School, Beals Elementary School and a University of Nebraska at Omaha alum; knows what it's like to have one student driving them up the wall and another student making their day with a single comment.
Since graduating from UNO in December of 2014, they have spent their weekdays teaching young students how to express their creativity in Omaha Public Schools. Mason, who is the product of an artist mother and an enriching education in state and abroad, is the ideal candidate for “best art teacher in the world.”
“The kids make art that is so free and so innocent,” Mason says. “There is really nothing holding them back. Many students I teach don't get this exposure at home with things like clay and paints, so it's really important that our public schools have that.”
While some days they hold silly memories dear, like students asking them about their shoes or their signature red lipstick, Mason also enjoys spending their free time growing their art business and showing their work at local maker's markets.
Julia Mason Art's black tablecloth donned with bright watercolors can be spotted at most any Omaha market, most often, Benson First Fridays, where they sell their prints and other products.
Mason focuses on making portraits of Omaha neighborhoods ranging from Little Italy, Benson, Dundee or the Joslyn Castle neighborhood. They say they like to make pieces that people can purchase when they visit Omaha, since they are so inspired by artwork they have picked up in their travels. They also take custom commissions and transforms their prints into various products like Christmas ornaments, calendars and tote bags.
Mason's favorite medium is watercolors and has been for “the better part of four years,” according to their website. Since studying abroad in college, they like to have a Moleskin notebook on hand for those lightning bolts of inspiration no matter the time or place, since “watercolors are so transportable.”
Currently working out of their downtown apartment—just around the corner from Hardy Coffee Co.— Mason packages their own goods and occasionally employs the help of their boyfriend and many other local creators in an assembly-line fashion. However, Mason will soon move into a studio at Bench Omaha to have more room for their artwork and production.
“Having my own small business has been a huge learning experience,” Mason says. “You have to be organized and separate your work from your personal life sometimes. I can be painting and still get distracted by the laundry or the dishes in the sink, so my current goal is to grow in my organization skills and find a balance.”
In addition to the balance of work and play, Mason has experienced some self-discovery through the creation and promotion of their work. Although they aren't showing their art at galleries, they are a star at Omaha maker's markets.
Originally, they felt like that was a step backward because gallery-showings are a more traditional route for artists, but the uprising of local businesses and shopping markets has transformed the Omaha art scene in the last few years.
“That's the route I want to go: making art that is affordable for everyone,” Mason says. “Customers you see a year ago will come to another event later on and look for your work. The fact that people are supportive makes it a great community for an artist to strive. Omaha is smaller, too, and in any bigger city, the art community might be oversaturated and too difficult for someone like me to blossom.”
Mason says they are excited to see Omaha provide a platform and a stage for artists of all varieties. They found there was a valuable inclusivity and community aspect in the city, and that has made all the difference.
Omaha's scene of local, affordable art and business has set the primer for ethical business practices and more hands-on interaction with customers. Mason is able to communicate with shoppers from all over the metro area.
They have an option on their online store for a “local pickup,” where they hand-deliver work or invites people to meet them somewhere to converse when they purchase art. They often ask how they found her, if they see things on their social media pages and what they'd like to see in the future.
“People are really receptive,” they say.
What about those who aren't? Art education—and the arts as a whole—are often the first to go with budget cuts, and under the newest White House administration, more are susceptible to be hit financially.
Mason says that while they have heard feedback that is less than polite, they have yet to experience any real pushback as an arts educator. However, if someone came to insult their craft, she'd be ready.
“I'd deal with it by saying that art is important in so many ways,” Mason says. “It teaches us about the world we live in, as well as other cultures that exist. Art has taught us about lost civilizations and things we would have never learned about otherwise. I would go to combat with that.”
Comments
comments
Recently, cricketer Zaheer Khan and actor Sagarika Ghatge tied the knot in Mumbai and hosted a grand reception for their family and friends.
Now, the newlyweds are off to their honeymoon in the Maldives and the pictures which are shared by the couple are beautiful and romantic!
Both of them have taken a break from their work commitments to spend some time with each other. By looking at the pictures, we are quite sure that the duo is enjoying their honeymoon to the fullest. Sagarika and Zaheer also tried scuba diving in the Maldives. Sagarika took to their Instagram account and shared a picture of the same. They captioned the post as, “Thrilled to have completed our first dive. See the happy faces 🌊 @zaheer_khan34.”
Thrilled to have completed our first dive . See the happy faces 🌊 @zaheer_khan34 A post shared by Sagarika (@sagarikaghatge) on Dec 8, 2017 at 2:42am PST
They also shared some pictures of themselves together and the serene location. Zaheer shared a picture of their wifey and wrote, “Mrs enjoying the setting sun.”
Mrs enjoying the setting sun A post shared by Zaheer Khan (@zaheer_khan34) on Dec 8, 2017 at 5:03am PST
❤️ A post shared by Sagarika (@sagarikaghatge) on Dec 7, 2017 at 6:27am PST
Happy mornings 😊🏖 ⛅️ 🌊 #bliss @ayadamaldivesresort A post shared by Sagarika (@sagarikaghatge) on Dec 7, 2017 at 8:53pm PST
Catching the morning light A post shared by Sagarika (@sagarikaghatge) on Dec 8, 2017 at 7:44pm PST
Say hello to my early morning friend 😊😍 A post shared by Sagarika (@sagarikaghatge) on Dec 9, 2017 at 9:01pm PST
Loving the vibe 😍 A post shared by Sagarika (@sagarikaghatge) on Dec 10, 2017 at 3:37am PST
Star gazing and some lovely dinner on the cruise . Thank you for the most lovely surprise @discoversoneva 😊 A post shared by Sagarika (@sagarikaghatge) on Dec 10, 2017 at 7:27am PST
Beyond incredible . #bliss @discoversoneva #sonevajani A post shared by Sagarika (@sagarikaghatge) on Dec 10, 2017 at 7:45am PST
❤️ A post shared by Sagarika (@sagarikaghatge) on Dec 10, 2017 at 8:19am PST
What a predicament 😵😌 whether to jump in the pool or the sea ? A post shared by Sagarika (@sagarikaghatge) on Dec 10, 2017 at 8:17pm PST
All the trainers @prosport_fit here's the most dedicated trainee of yours . A post shared by Zaheer Khan (@zaheer_khan34) on Dec 9, 2017 at 3:44am PST
View 😍 A post shared by Zaheer Khan (@zaheer_khan34) on Dec 7, 2017 at 4:28am PST
Trending
In one of the picture, Sagarika had shared a picture of their husband enjoying the sunset. But it seems that it didn't go well with Sania Mirza. They commented on the picture saying, “Looks like they are honeymooning alone.”
Finally here 😊 😌 @ayadamaldivesresort A post shared by Sagarika (@sagarikaghatge) on Dec 7, 2017 at 1:30am PST
As soon Sania commented, people started trolling the couple and agreed with Sania's comment.
Earlier in an interview with Bombay Times, both Sagarika and Zaheer revealed how their families were open to their relationship despite the religion barrier. Zaheer had said, “We didn't face any such issues. Both our families are evolved enough to understand that it's about marrying the right person over marrying into the same religion. It's important to be a good human being. We are going to stay away from both (nikaah and saat pheras). It will be a court marriage on November 27 in Mumbai. There will be a pre- and post-wedding functions. I am planning to have something in Pune as well, so the ceremony will go on for a few days. We want this to be a get-together for close friends and family.”
Further, Sagarika said, “My parents are also open-minded and their primary concern was that I marry the right person. I am sure they may have had their apprehensions, but after meeting him, it cleared a lot of things for them.  They are perfect. We are also planning to have something in my hometown Kolhapur, sometime later.”
"It was difficult not to notice such a coordinated volley of propaganda cliches against Sputnik on the part of several leading UK media," they said at a weekly briefing.
Zakharova specified that several UK media outlets published allegations about misinformation purportedly disseminated by Sputnik.
"[They] branded Sputnik with with all possible colorful epithets like 'the Kremlin's Soviet-style misinformation machine'," they said.
The spokesperson opined that people behind such campaigns seemingly do not understand that their actions are easily noticed. They named the BBC, The Times, The Independent, and The Sunday Times among the media which lashed out at Sputnik this time.
Citing NATO, the media mentioned 124 episodes of Sputnik publishing allegedly "distorted reality" news items, Zakharova said.
NATO spokesperson Oana Lungescu said that the alliance felt that outlets like Sputnik were part of a Kremlin "propaganda machine" which were trying to use information for political and military needs.
Over the weekend, leading UK media ran similar, scathing attacks on Sputnik, citing a NATO claim that the news agency was part of a "Kremlin misinformation machine."
"It was another blow against Russian media in Britain. That country ceases to be media-friendly. Foreign media face all the more problems working in Britain, it is obvious," they added. It is also obvious that the UK applies an ideological approach to media, Zakharova said.
Zakharova mentioned that such trends as "Russian hackers", and now "fake news" from Russia are on purpose launched to be followed by mainstream media.
However, the fight against "fake news" is characterized by a double standard approach. Citing an instance, Zakharova said that Moscow addressed the BuzzFeed after it had published a report alleging US President Donald Trump's ties with Russia, and the report went global, but the media outlet did not issue any denial.
The spokesperson suggested that the opening of the UK National Cyber Security Center might have coincided with accusations against "Russian hackers" to substantiate the spending of taxpayers' money.
Sputnik UK editor Nikolai Gorshkov repudiated the NATO spokesperson's claims cited by British media, noting that they bordered on the "conspiratorial."
Russian-based media outlets broadcasting in Europe and the United States have recently faced accusations on allegedly spreading fake news.
On Monday, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov commenting on French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron's ally Richard Ferrand claims that Sputnik and RT "spread fake news", which are later "used, quoted and influence our democratic life," said that the accusations were "absurd."
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, Kim Jong Nam. Kim, who was in their mid-forties, was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il's children. They died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents, according to police, and was alone at the time of the arrest. Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim. One of them covered their face with a cloth before walking away. Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help.
Sources tell NPR their body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur. An autopsy will be performed.
After growing up in Western countries, Kim has been living outside North Korea for decades.  They are believed to have homes in Macau, Beijing and Paris. In 2001, Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents. They later said they were trying to bring their family to Tokyo Disneyland.
The big mystery, if they didn't die of natural causes, is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked, and why now.
"I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post, from Kuala Lumpur.
The solar train is coming to Byron Bay.
The solar train is coming to Byron Bay. Contributed
THE world first solar train will be officially launched at Byron Bay this Saturday, December 16.
Proceedings will start at 11am at The Sun Bistro on Bayshore Drive in Byron Bay.
Public train rides from the North Beach platform on Bayshore Drive will run from 12:30 - 5:00pm, with live music and celebrations throughout the afternoon.
The train travels between Byron Bay township and the burgeoning North Beach precinct which includes the Byron Arts Estate and the Sunrise Beach residential community.
The train seats 100 passengers and has room for luggage, bikes and surfboards. The 3km journey will cost just $3 for adults with concessions for children.
"We searched the country and found a dilapidated vintage train, restored it, and are now powering it with a 4.6 billion year old power source” Development Director at Byron Bay Railroad Company, Jeremy Holmes said.
"We partnered with the incredible Tim Elderton from Lithgow Railway Workshop to restore the train and to oversee the solar conversion along with our other partners Nickel Energy and Elmofo.
"Local rail industry expert Geoff Clark has been guiding the project and helping to navigate the complex regulations and safety requirements”.
The project has been achieved with no funding or financial support from government at any level.
The Byron Bay train will operate a limited service until January when the full schedule will commence.
For more information visit www.byronbaytrain.com.au
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
“Rabiot” may have predicted Japan's World Cup soccer results, but they failed to foresee their own ignoble demise.
The giant Pacific octopus gained internet celebrity when they predicted both Japan's first against Columbia, and their draw versus Senegal. They did this by swimming to various corners of a small paddling pool, each labeled Win, Lose, or Draw. (If only they had seen the one labeled Dinner.)
After Rabiot's untimely death, Japan lost to Poland and Belgium, booted from the runnings as its squirming Nostradamus was turned into an entree. Rabiot's owner Kimio Abe decided that their famous “psychic” animal was worth more than meat than seer.
Rabiot was not the first cephalopod with a “talent” for soccer. In 2010, “Paul” correctly predicted the outcome of all of Germany's games, and Spain's victory over the Netherlands in the final. Paul, however, was fortunate enough to live out the remainder of their days in the comfort of the Oberhausen Sea Life Center.
Now, Abe is trying to reclaim their proximity to internet celebrity. “I hope that the second Rabiot will also give all the outcomes correctly and that Japan will go all the way,” they said. Hopefully, Rabiot II will prove to be more prescient than delicious.
A member of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force, Fleet Air Wing 31, security section, receives oleoresin capsaicin (OC) spray during training with U.S. Marines from the Provost Marshal's Office at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan, Feb. 14, 2017. After being sprayed with OC, JMSDF participants had to navigate through an obstacle course of Marines holding pads, which represented potential attackers, and they had to handcuff a simulated suspect. The training helps prepare individuals for situations where they may be contaminated with the spray and need to continue to function and provide security. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Aaron Henson)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.14.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 02:51 Photo ID: 3166556 VIRIN: 170214-M-RP664-0086 Resolution: 3503x2335 Size: 5.04 MB Location: MARINE CORPS AIR STATION IWAKUNI, YAMAGUCHI, JP Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, PMO, JMSDF conduct OC training [Image 1 of 7], by Cpl Aaron Henson, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
A 386th Expeditionary Aircraft Maintenance Squadron Aircraft Maintenance Unit maintainer inspects a C-130H Hercules at an undisclosed location in Southwest Asia Dec. 4, 2016. The maintainers inspect aircraft thoroughly before and after each flight. (U.S. Air Force photo/Senior Airman Andrew Park)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.03.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 03:03 Photo ID: 3082874 VIRIN: 161204-F-CA297-243 Resolution: 4832x3222 Size: 880.02 KB Location: (UNDISCLOSED LOCATION) Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 386th AMU keeps supplies moving downrange [Image 1 of 20], by SrA Andrew Park, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Editor's note: It's almost like the fact that Ukraine's unemployment rate stands at 10% has nothing to do with it? The official census of 2010 showed 2 million Ukrainian citizens living and working in Russia. Since the start of the Donbass war, another 2 - 3 million Ukrainians (albeit predominantly from the Donbass) are estimated to have moved Russia.
Originally at Rusvesna Russia's Federal Security Service has been accused of "brainwashing" Ukrainians, who go to Russia to make a living. This comes from aAccording to Chernovil, they personally knew a family of farmers from Sumskaya region, who travelled to Russia to see their relatives. They returned to tell the story of FSB "brainwashing" on arrival."This is why I am for aUkraine may also impose a visa regime for Russian citizens. "Those who come here from Russia, pose a special kind of threat. A visa regime will help strengthen the control factor. It will significantly decrease the amount of Russians in Ukraine - frankly speaking, the less the better."He added, that should a visa regime be imposed, "Moscow will immediately make life difficult for Ukrainians on Russian territory."
KINSMAN – Mary L. Drinan, proud mother, grandmother, and great-grandmother, dedicated Catholic, retired teacher, seasoned traveler, bridge player extraordinaire, and lifelong White Sox fan, passed away in Northlake September 30, 2017 at the age of 94. They were raised in Kinsman and lived in the area most of their life. They were married to Donald Drinan for 61 years. They passed away in 2005. Mary is survived by four children: Patrick (Mary Ann), Daniel, Mary Kay (Robert) Nickels, and Donna (Thomas Underwood); 13 grandchildren; and 21 great-grandchildren. There will be a visitation with the family Friday, October 6, beginning at 10 a.m., in Sacred Heart Catholic Church, Kinsman, preceding the Mass of Resurrection at 11 a.m. A Memorial Service and Celebration will take place at Presence Casa San Carlo, 420 N. Wolf Road, Northlake, IL Saturday, October 7, at 11 a.m. Donations in Mary's memory may be made to the University of San Diego, Drinan Endowment, 5998 Alcala Park, San Diego, CA 92110 or the Presence Casa San Carlo.
Amsterdam: Turkey has sentenced a judge at a U.N. war crimes court to 7 years and six months in prison on charges of "membership in a terrorist organization", the court in the Hague, Netherlands said on Thursday.
Judge Aydin Sedaf Akay has been held since September, one of tens of thousands of Turkish officials arrested in a crackdown on people and organisations after a foiled coup in which hundreds died.
The U.N. court said in a statement that Turkey`s actions violated international law, as Akay should enjoy diplomatic immunity.
—File Photo
RIYADH: Saudi Arabia on Monday lifted a decades-long ban on cinemas, part of a series of social reforms by the powerful crown prince that are shaking up the ultra-conservative kingdom.
“Commercial cinemas will be allowed to operate in the kingdom as of early 2018, for the first time in more than 35 years,” the culture and information ministry said in a statement, adding that the government will begin licensing cinemas immediately.
Reviving cinemas would represent a paradigm shift in the kingdom, which is promoting entertainment as part of a sweeping reform plan dubbed “Vision 2030”, despite opposition from conservatives.
“This marks a watershed moment in the development of the cultural economy in the kingdom,” information minister Awwad Alawwad said in the statement.
Hardliners, who see cinemas as a threat to cultural and religious identity, were instrumental in shutting them down in the 1980s.
Saudi Arabia's highest-ranking cleric warned in January of the “depravity” of cinemas, saying they would corrupt morals.
But authorities appear to be shrugging off the threat.
Saudi filmmakers have long argued that a ban on cinemas does not make sense in the age of YouTube.
Saudi films have been making waves abroad, using the internet to circumvent distribution channels and sometimes the stern gaze of state censors. —AFP
On June 25, 2015, D'Angelo Russell was drafted No. 2 overall by the Lakers and Jahlil Okafor went No. 3 to the 76ers. Following two seasons of turmoil and criticism with those teams, Okafor and Russell suddenly find themselves joined at the hip, trying to get their careers back on track with the Nets, who traded for Russell last June and then acquired Okafor last Thursday.
Asked on Monday at their introductory news conference if they ever imagined playing with Russell, Okafor brightened and said, “I thought about it a ton. I've been playing with D'Angelo a while. We grew up playing against each other — same high school class, same draft class. He's actually the first person to call me when I got traded.
“We're just very excited to get on the court together. They have to get healthy (following arthroscopic surgery on their left knee on Nov. 17) and I have to get acclimated to the team, but it's hard not to think about it. I'm excited and I know he's excited . . . I think we both have a chip on our shoulder and we have a lot to prove. We're definitely similar in that regard.”
Okafor said he's also close with Rondae Hollis-Jefferson from their time together with USA Basketball, and of course, he's very familiar with Nik Stauskas who came with them from the 76ers as part of the deal. Stauskas will be reunited with Caris LeVert, who was their college roommate at Michigan.
“We're very close,” Stauskas said of LeVert. We were roommates for two full years. We spent a lot of time together on and off the court, too. Having someone that I'm comfortable with and that I've been friends with for a while, it's always good. On the court, I feel we have chemistry from past years, so hopefully, we can continue that.”
Slam Dunk has revealed pop-punk titans Good Charlotte as joint-headliners of this year's festival.
They will join the previously announced emo-rock legends Jimmy Eat World when the travelling festival returns in May.
Other new additions to the line-up include PVRIS, Frank Carter & The Rattlesnakes, Creeper, Thursday, Every Time I Die, Knuckle Puck, Crown The Empire and Real Friends.
Slam Dunk heads to the region on Monday, May 28, following previous shows in Leeds and Hatfield.
The Midlands leg is at the NEC in Birmingham.
From bursting into the public consciousness with their chart-conquering pop punk through to becoming true kings of their genre via stints on MTV and six huge studio albums, few bands have had the staying power of Good Charlotte.
Lead by the Madden brothers Benji and Joel, the multi-platinum stars will be at Slam Dunk to prove exactly why they've stayed at the top of their game over the past two decades.
Joining them will be Massachusetts three-piece PVRIS.
Since their inception in 2012 they've gone from strength to strength and garnered a legion of fans in the process.
They last played the festival in 2015, after which being originally booked for the new bands stage were upgraded to the main stage due to their sudden rise in popularity.
Now they return in 2018 to be one of the festival's biggest artists.
After standing as one of the most recognisable voices in modern British rock over the past decade, Frank and their Rattlesnakes have had a mammoth rise over the past 18 months - releasing two vastly acclaimed albums, capturing festival audiences with sets of the weekends and culminating in their biggest headline show to date at London's Brixton Academy.
Carter said: “I cannot wait to play Slam Dunk – this has been an incredible couple of years for us, and I can't think of a better way to start our festival season in 2018 than showing up and absolutely dominating at Slam Dunk.”
After seven years away, Thursday will return to the UK in 2018, with Slam Dunk Festival the only place to see one of the most hotly-anticipated reunions in alt-rock.
Lead by frontman Geoff Rickly, Thursday touched at the hearts and minds of a generation - with records like Full Collapse and War All The Time still heralded as some of the most influential snapshots in time that the genre has ever seen.
They said: “From the very first moment Thursday started playing shows again, we began to ask each other, ‘How can we get back to the UK?
“Well, we have finally found a way. We're very happy to be joining some of our oldest friends at Slam Dunk and we have a bunch of surprises still in store.”
After its most successful year to date in 2017, Slam Dunk Festival was crowned the Best Metropolitan Festival at the UK Festival Awards.
General admission tickets cost £49 or £55 for the tickets including an afterparty.
To book visit http://slamdunkmusic.com
ENCINITAS, Calif. — An Encinitas man faces a hit-and-run charge for allegedly fleeing the scene of a traffic crash that badly injured a mother of three last month near Moonlight Beach, authorities said Friday.
Justin Walt Parker, 38, turned themselves on Thursday evening in connection with the Sept. 22 crash, which left 33-year-old Ashley Lane with a concussion and broken bones and caused them to suffer three strokes, according to sheriff's officials.
Lane was crossing the street in the 100 block of Encinitas Boulevard when they were struck by a westbound white Ford F-150 pickup truck shortly before 7:30 p.m. Sept. 22, Capt. John Maryon said.
According to witnesses, the driver stopped, got out of their vehicle and told bystanders the victim appeared to be all right, then got back behind the wheel of their truck and drove off.
Medics took Lane to Scripps Memorial Hospital La Jolla with serious head, spine, pelvic and limb injuries. They remain hospitalized.
With “overwhelming help” from the public, deputies were able to identify Parker as the suspected hit-and-run motorist, Maryon said.
Investigators tracked down Parker's truck at a custom automotive shop in Riverside. By then, the damage it allegedly had sustained in the crash had been repaired, the captain said.
Following their surrender to sheriff's officials, Parker, an Encinitas resident, was booked into county jail. They soon posted bail of $250,000 and was released on their own recognizance at about 1 a.m.
A private security guard, threatened by a 33-year-old man suspected of being intoxicated and armed with a large knife, drew their gun before taking the suspect into custody during an early-morning incident Sunday at De La Vega's Pecan Grill.
Rene A. McPherson II, 33, of 301 N. Roadrunner Parkway, is charged with a fourth-degree felony count of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and a misdemeanor count of assault.
At about 12:20 a.m. Sunday, April 22, Las Cruces police were dispatched to the report of a disturbance involving security guards and an intoxicated man at De La Vega's Pecan Grill, at 500 S. Telshor Blvd. Officers arrived to find that two security guards had detained McPherson in the parking lot.
Investigators learned that McPherson had consumed several drinks at Hotel Encanto before driving themselves to De La Vega's. Witnesses described McPherson as stumbling as they walked toward the front door of De La Vega's.
Investigators determined that a private security guard, working for Security Concepts, was manning the front door and noticed that McPherson appeared highly intoxicated. The security guard asked McPherson if they had already been consuming alcohol to which the suspect acknowledged they had. When McPherson was denied entry into De La Vega's, they apparently became aggressive and challenged the security guard.
Investigators learned that McPherson then retrieved a large folding knife from their front pocket and held it to their side. That prompted the security guard to draw their firearm while giving commands for McPherson to drop the knife. As McPherson put the knife back into their pocket and began walking away, they were pepper-sprayed by one of the two security guards who then took them into custody before officers arrived on scene.
Officers located a large folding knife, approximately 9.5 inches long, from McPherson's right-front pant pocket.
McPherson was booked into the Dona Ana County Detention Center where they are initially being held without bond.
Information from Las Cruces Police
© AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes
California is rapidly plunging back into drought, with severe conditions now existing in Santa Barbara, Ventura and Los Angeles counties-home to one-fourth of the state's population, a national drought monitor said Thursday.The weekly report released by the U.S. Drought Monitor, a project of government agencies and other partners, also shows. It's a dramatic jump from just last week, when the figure was 13 percent."It's not nearly where we'd like to be," Frank Gehrke, a state official, acknowledged after separately carrying out manual measurements of winter snowfall in the Sierra Nevada mountains, which supplies water to millions of Californians in a good, wet year.Overall, the vital snowpack Thursday stood at less than a third of normal for the date.California lifted a drought state of emergency less than a year ago, ending cutbacks that at the peak of the drought mandated 25 percent conservation by cities and towns, devastated generations of native salmon and other wildlife, made household wells run dry in the state's middle, and compelled farmers to dig deep, costly wells.A rainy winter last year in the state's north finally snapped the worst of that drought.The new figures from national drought monitors came amid growing concern among state officials about another dry winter.The readings detailed Thursday show the drought has worsened to the severe category in 5 percent of the state. The last time even a small part of the state was rated in severe drought was last year.However, Thursday's figures were far better than those during the peak of the state's epic dry spell, when 99.9 percent of California was in some stage of drought, and nearly half in the highest category.But the drought never really seemed to lift in some Southern California areas, Daniel Swain, a climate scientist at University of California, Los Angeles, noted this week.In Ventura and Santa Barbara counties, the lack of rain and dry vegetation were perfect fuel for a December wildfire that grew to become the largest recorded in state history. When it finally rained, the scorched earth turned into mudslides that sent earth, water and boulders roaring through neighborhoods.In California's Central Valley, the nation's richest agricultural producer, government officials had to install water systems during and after the five-year drought for small towns such as East Porterville after household wells ran dry.Even so, deliveries of bottled water continued this week to people outside East Porterville, said resident Elva Beltran, one of many volunteers who helped neighbors without water."It never ended," they said of the drought in their area.California's water managers trekked to the mountains on Thursday to check the snow depth-one gauge of the state water supply. Electronic sensors showed statewide snow levels at 27 percent of normal.A bright spot, said Doug Carlson, spokesperson for the state's Department of Water Resources, which carries out the snowpack surveys, did that reservoirs remain far fuller than usual thanks to last year's rain in the state's north.
Alaska governor reconsiders judge appointment for attorney
JUNEAU, Alaska (AP) — Alaska Gov. Bill Walker rescinded a judge appointment for a Juneau defense attorney after reading comments from a legal brief.
The Juneau Empire reports Walker had initially chosen attorney Julie Willoughby to fill the Juneau Superior Court vacancy, but instead selected municipal attorney Amy Mead.
According to a statement from the governor's Chief of Staff Scott Kendall, Walker informed Willoughby that they were going with Mead two hours after telling the defense attorney that they had the job.
Kendall says the governor saw the brief Willoughby had filed on a child sexual abuse case.
Kendall says Willoughby argued that a man's sexual assaults against a 12-year-old girl were a "mutually satisfying sexual adventure" and did not harm the child.
Willoughby did not respond to the newspaper's phone call seeking comment.
___
Information from: Juneau (Alaska) Empire, http://www.juneauempire.com
Hate, prejudice, racism, anti-Semitism — a smorgasbord of humankind's worst instincts and ugliest mental habits — were on the menu as more than 40 town leaders gathered for a morning of talk and truth-telling, followed by lunch and a discussion of how Ridgefield's social climate can be made more tolerant and welcoming in an age of growing national diversity.
“Swastikas, language, racial slurs … it's not just about religion,” said First Selectman Rudy Marconi. “There seems to be a general undertone in our community. You see little bits of things here and there. We need to confine it and lock it up.”
Following at least five instances of hate messages — mostly swastikas, also racist words — being found as graffiti in Ridgefield High School or Ballard Park over the last year, Marconi worked with the Anti-Defamation League (ADL) to organize the workshop. The ADL is an organization dedicated to combating anti-Semitism and other forms of prejudice and hate.
Marconi invited a broad swath of town and school leaders — school Superintendent Karen Baldwin and all nine school principals, town department heads, board and commission members — to the program, which lasted much of the day Tuesday, Dec. 5. The next day, the ADL team was scheduled to present a program — “Names Can Really Hurt Us” — at Ridgefield High School. It's something they've done regularly, if not annually, in recent years.
Marji Shapiro of the ADL said the organization works regularly with communities that have experienced some kind of incident exposing the presence of prejudice.
“It's not that the incident happened; it's how they respond,” they said.
They were impressed that Ridgefield had arranged a program taking a big chunk of the day for numerous town and school leaders.
“They really are taking this very seriously,” they said.
The vast bulk of programs the ADL gives are aimed at young people.
“People think it's the kids when there's an incident of hate,” Shapiro said. “We all need to learn how to respectfully disagree with each other. We have to learn how to share our stories.”
Schools
The schools are a venue where prejudices surface — three of the five recent incidents of bigoted graffiti were at the high school — but Dr. Baldwin didn't think students should be the only focus of concern.
“We have almost 5,000 kids who come to school seven hours a day, and the nature of our interaction is social,” they said. “Sometimes an interaction can be hurtful — racist, biased …
“How do we raise the conversation in the community to be focused on care and regard and respect for all?”
Racism, anti-Semitism and homophobia may stand out as society's most ingrained prejudices, but there are many. Some may seem more virulent, but all are cut form the same cloth — identifying people as members of a group, and demeaning them because of it.
People may express prejudice to mask their own feelings of inferiority.
“Sometimes, a perpetrator started off as a target,” Shapiro said. “Often we find it's a hurting person, themselves.”
All kinds of biases find expression.
“It's about life — male, female, white, black,” Marconi said.
They offered an example of one of Ridgefield's subtle but enduring biases.
“There's a feeling in town: Unless you were born here, you're not really a part of town,” said Marconi, themselves a Ridgefield native.
Town IT Director Andrew Neblett responded in a half-teasing way by saying, yes, they had experienced anti-“computer geek” prejudice.
“Oh, yeah. But I could care less,” they said. “I learned long ago you can't let them win.”
“It's definitely a stereotype,” they added.
Marconi later shared a memory from their life.
“The first time I walked into, I think it was Norwalk, a Baptist church, and I was the only white guy in the building, I said, ‘Now I know what it feels like,'” they recalled.
‘Pyramid of hate'
The program used a “pyramid of hate” visual, with broad-based, relatively minor problem behaviors leading to less common but progressively more serious offenses.
The bottom step was “acts of bias,” which are “jokes, rumors, stereotyping, insensitive remarks, and non-inclusive language.”
The next, narrower but more problematic, step was for “acts of prejudice,” including “scapegoating, ridicule, dehumanization, social avoidance, marginalizing, slurs/name calling.”
Then came “acts of discrimination,” such as “harassment” and “social exclusion.”
Still narrower but more troublesome were “acts of violence — assault, threats, vandalism, desecration, murder, rape, arson, terrorism.”
The top, the smallest step — the peak of the pyramid of hate — was “genocide, the deliberate, systematic extermination of an entire people.”
Roles played
The ADL identified four roles people play in situations in which prejudice is expressed. They can be the “target,” the “perpetrator” of prejudice, a “bystander,” or an “ally” to the victim.
Near the end of the program, people were asked what they'd learned that they could apply in their lives.
“To stand as an ally more frequently,” said Democratic Registrar of Voters Cindy Bruno.
Shapiro said “anything that's ally behavior” can help targets of prejudice feel less alone.
It can take courage.
RHS Principal Stacey Gross said training programs at the high school had prompted good actions and unfortunate reactions.
“Kids are behaving as an ally, and other kids are coming after them for that,” they said.
Finance board member Amy Freidenrich spoke of kids' need for ethical and moral discussion and guideposts, and the importance of parents — whatever their religious inclinations — keeping spiritual practice part of kids' lives. Too often, the activities of growing up in suburbia today — soccer, fencing, music, dance — push out church or synagogue or other sources of moral grounding.
“As busy as kids get, whatever your spiritual service is, think twice before your kids push that off the plate to put in another activity,” they said.
Sports community
“What's not represented here is the sports community,” said Selectman Steve Zemo. They suggested providing coaches with “a playbook of dos and don'ts” to be worked into youth sports programs.
“Kids listen to coaches,” they said.
Shapiro agreed, saying a large proportion of calls the ADL gets for community programs come in the wake of incidents where prejudice came out at sports contests. They mentioned fans chanting “build the wall” — something that has happened at FCIAC games last year.
The return of peace
People felt the program was positive.
“It's a great opportunity to broaden the discussion and bring more people into the conversation,” Baldwin said. “How do you help people embrace diversity, embrace differences and focus on those differences with a lens on compassion and curiosity, and not keeping people away?”
The event closed with ADL facilitator Oleyetta Priester reading a quote from Anne Frank: “It's really a wonder that I haven't dropped my ideals because they seem so absurd and impossible to carry out. … I can feel the suffering of millions and yet, if I look into the heavens, I think that it will all come right, that this cruelty too will end, and that peace and tranquility will return again.”
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Lieutenant Commander Matthew Roberts, an Environmental Health Officer with 2D Civil Affairs Group's Surgeon's Office, role-playing the part of a Moroccan local clinic director, walks Marines assigned to Detachment 1 of 2D Civil Affairs Group (2D CAG) through the layout and capabilities of that local clinic during training at the Urban Training Center on Marine Corps Base Quantico on February 11, 2017. During this clinic assessment and medical capability training, the 2D CAG teams worked on the process of enabling attached Navy health care providers to bring their capabilities to bear in assisting local authorities with those authorities' clinic operations.
Detachment 1 completed this training in preparation for the Detachment's upcoming support of Exercise African Lion in Morocco in the spring of 2017, during which the Detachment will conduct joint operations with units of the Royal Moroccan Armed Forces.
2D CAG's four detachments executed a three-day field exercise from February 10 – 12, completing training in convoy operations, key leader engagements, clinic assessment and medical capability, interpreter interaction and usage, night operations, patrolling, and cultural familiarization.
2D CAG is a subordinate unit of Force Headquarters Group (FHG). 2D CAG, along with its sister units of 1st, 3D, and 4th CAG, provides an enabling function to combatant commanders by planning and conducting civil-military operations in support of the commander's objectives. 2D CAG supports II Marine Expeditionary Force (II MEF) and II Marine Expeditionary Brigade (II MEB), as well as those commands' subordinate units.
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.11.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 06:20 Photo ID: 3166720 VIRIN: 160401-A-AB123-0095 Resolution: 640x480 Size: 112.76 KB Location: MARINE CORPS BASE QUANTICO, VA, US Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 2D Civil Affairs Group Conducts Multi-Faceted Training Exercise [Image 1 of 14], by CPT Thomas Garnett, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
QUETTA, Pakistan (AP) - Pakistan's military says suicide bombers blew themselves up near a police vehicle and a security checkpoint in separate incidents in the southwestern city of Quetta, killing five police and wounding eight paramilitary troops.
A military statement Tuesday says a suicide bomber targeted a police vehicle on an airport road killing five police and wounding seven others.
Separately, the statement says two suicide bombers walked to the Frontier Corps checkpoint in the Mian Ghundi area and detonated explosive vests minutes apart, when paramilitaries fired on them.
Police officer Mohammad Aslam said eight wounded troops were hospitalized.
No group claimed responsibility but Islamic militants operating in the region have claimed past such attacks. Baluch separatist groups also have engaged in low-level insurgency in Baluchistan, of which Quetta is the capital.
WASHINGTON: White House on Monday denied all allegations of sexual harassment and assault against US President Donald Trump.
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said that the Trump administration has 'multiple reports' of eyewitness accounts that can prove their stand. The women were making "false claims", added the White House.
A month before 2016 presidential election, the three women Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey, and Rachel Crooks alleged Trump of groping, forcibly kissing and humiliating them.
The incident surfaced as part of the #MeToo spree. The two-word hashtag was vehement used by women on social media across the world to denounce sexual assault and harassment. Using the hashtag they started revealing incidents of sexual assault and harassment that they came across.
Jessica Leeds, one among the trio, had claimed that the US President purportedly groped and kissed them on an aeroplane in the 1970s.
Countering the claims, a British man named Anthony Gilberthorpe had defended Trump ahead of US election. They had said that they were present on the flight with Leeds and Trump and that they did not find anything inappropriate.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
DENVER (AP) - The Latest on a civil trial involving Taylor Swift and a former DJ they accused of groping their (all times local):
11:10 a.m.
A lawyer for the former radio DJ accused of groping Taylor Swift says the pop star's account is inconsistent with every other Swift team member's testimony and with a photo taken at the time of the alleged incident.
During closing arguments in Denver federal court Monday, attorney Gabriel McFarland told jurors Monday that David Mueller "is not the guy" who groped Swift during a photo op before a 2013 concert.
They argued that Swift's smiling face in the photo contradicts their testimony that they were groped the instant the photo was taken.
McFarland also cast doubt on a Swift security guard's claim that they saw Mueller touch Swift but did not act because they did not think they were in danger.
They also said the photographer who took the image "started it all" by pulling a photo of Mueller and their girlfriend with Swift from dozens they took during a meet-and-greet and showing it to Swift, who identified Mueller as the person who touched them
_____
10:20 a.m.
Closing arguments are underway in the civil trial involving Taylor Swift and the former radio DJ they accuse of groping them before a 2013 concert.
A lawyer for ex-DJ David Mueller, Gabriel McFarland, made their case to jurors first on Monday morning in Denver federal court.
Before arguments began, Judge William Martinez told jurors that a preponderance of evidence is needed to return a verdict.
The verdict form asks if Frank Bell, a radio liaison for Taylor Swift, and Andrea Swift intentionally caused Mueller to be fired from their job.
It also asks in Swift's counterclaim if Mueller assaulted or battered Swift.
The judge threw out Mueller's case against Taylor Swift on Friday.
_____
9:10 a.m.
Taylor Swift, their mother Andrea Swift, and former radio DJ David Mueller are back in a federal courtroom in Denver federal as the judge and attorneys for their groping case review instructions for the jury.
Monday's review is taking place outside the presence of the eight-member jury, which will be called in later in the morning to hear closing arguments.
Swift alleges Mueller groped them before a 2013 concert and they deny the allegation.
A judge ruled Friday Mueller did not prove Swift personally tried to end their career. Identical allegations against Andrea Swift and Frank Bell are expected to go to jurors.
Mueller sued the three after Swift's team reported the encounter to their bosses. They sought up to $3 million in damages. The judge ruled that they did not make a case for recovering that much money.
Swift countersued for a symbolic $1. The jury will consider their assault claim.
_____
9 a.m.
Lawyers are expected to make closing arguments Monday in a trial over allegations that a former radio host groped Taylor Swift before a 2013 Denver concert.
The former DJ alleges in a competing federal lawsuit that the star's mother and radio liaison tried to destroy their career.
A federal judge ruled Friday that former DJ David Mueller did not prove Swift personally tried to end their career.
Identical allegations against Andrea Swift and Frank Bell are expected to go to jurors.
Mueller sued the three after Swift's team reported the encounter to their bosses. They sought up to $3 million in damages. The judge ruled that they did not make a case for recovering that much money.
Swift countersued for a symbolic $1. The jury will consider their assault claim.
_____
7:55 a.m.
Lawyers are expected to make closing arguments Monday in a trial over allegations that a former radio host groped Taylor Swift backstage before a 2013 Denver concert.
The former DJ alleges in a competing federal lawsuit that the star's mother and radio liaison set out to destroy their career.
A federal judge ruled Friday that former DJ David Mueller did not prove Swift personally tried to end their career.
But identical allegations against Andrea Swift and Frank Bell are expected to go to jurors.
Mueller sued the three after Swift's team reported the 2013 encounter to their bosses. He's seeking up to $3 million, saying the allegation cost them their job.
Swift countersued for a symbolic $1. The jury will also consider their assault claim.
They called the encounter despicable.
_____
1:15 a.m.
Lawyers are expected to make closing arguments Monday in a trial concerning allegations that a former radio host groped Taylor Swift backstage before a concert in Denver, and competing allegations the singer's mother and their radio liaison set out to destroy the DJ's career after the photo op took place.
A federal judge on Friday determined that former DJ David Mueller didn't prove that Swift personally tried to end their career, but identical allegations against Andrea Swift and Frank Bell are expected to go to jurors.
Mueller sued the three after Swift's team reported the 2013 encounter to their bosses. He's seeking up to $3 million, saying the allegation cost them their job.
Swift countersued for a symbolic $1. The jury will also consider their assault claim.
They called the encounter with Mueller despicable.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
HIGHLIGHTS Rangers are 0-for-10 with man advantage in first three games of playoffs
Alain Vigneault hopes practice adjustments will make a difference
The Rangers are 0-for-10 on the power play in their playoff series against the Canadiens, which is going into Monday night's games had them tied for last place with the Blackhawks at an even 0.0 percent among 16 playoff teams.
That is not good, and it is why someone asked coach Alain Vigneault after practice Monday if perhaps they spent more time than usual on special teams.
They said that was not the case, but they did not dispute the notion that area could use some drastic improvement.
“Throughout the season, every day that we practice, we work on specialty teams to any extent from 20 to 30 percent of practice,” they said. “Today was no different. We did work on our execution, on making a couple of quicker plays.
“There's no doubt that [Sunday], they score two power-play goals and our power play doesn't execute and really doesn't get us a scoring chance. So we're aware of that. We're going to work on being better tomorrow [in Game 4]. That's what we can control right now.”
Being better in Game 4 would be a good idea after a 3-1 loss in Game 3 in which for most of the night the offense seemed to be stuck in slush. Often when that is happening to a team skating 5-on-5, a nicely timed power play can be a jump start. Not so thus far in this series.
“For us power-play guys, we have to be able to generate more and get some momentum for us,” Mika Zibanejad said. “We weren't able to do that yesterday. We went through it today and worked on it.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
After Sunday's game, captain Ryan McDonagh said, “We're definitely fighting it a little bit, to say the least. If it's not going well, we really need to simplify here, make one or two passes and look to get it to the net. We are maybe looking to extend our plays a little bit too much and it's costing us scoring opportunities.”
There is ample reason for the Rangers to hope this is a short-term blip. They were 11th in the 30-team NHL in power-play percentage in the regular season at 20.2, and they were at a league-best 34.2 percent over the final 15 regular-season games.
But the Canadiens are difficult to solve defensively, with a star goalie in Carey Price and a defensive pair in Shea Weber and Andrei Markov that plays nearly half the game.
“I don't think it's a lack of effort,” Derek Stepan said of the offensive slump in general. “I think it's a lack of brain power at times. That's stuff that we can fix.”
YU's latest reclamation Yureka Black will go on sale on Monday June 19, 2017 at 12 noon on Flipkart. Yureka Black will be available in two colors viz. Matte Black and chrome Black. Flipkart, the exclusive retailer of Yureka Black is releasing the smartphone a day early to the previously decided release date.
Reportedly, Yureka Black has received more than half a million "notify me" response on Flipkart. The smartphone first went on sale on Flipkart on June 6, 2017 and YU claims that Black sold out within a few days of its release.
See Also:Yu Yureka Black Review: A dazzler for a smartphone that goes low on your pocket
Yureka Black is priced at INR 8,999 and has astonishing looks for the price range it is being offered in. The smartphone was reviewed by Gizbot recently and while the phone had a few issues related to OS it delivered a 'more than average' performance. The issues related to the OS are unsubstantial since the smartphone will receive the latest Android Nougat update.
The smartphone boasts 4GB of RAM and is powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 chipset. Although running heavy games on the Black might not be one of the best smartphone experiences one could have, it pulls through day-to-day usage smoothly without a glitch.
A sharp selfie camera and an impressive design are the most acknowledged reasons to spend money on this device.
YU believes that the smartphone's resale will receive a response similar to its prior release on Flipkart. If you are looking for a sub-10 K smartphone worth spending your money on, Yureka Black is your answer.
Sindh Chief Minister Murad Ali Shah on Friday said that an important clue had been found in relation to the knife attacks on women in the Gulistan-e-Jauhar area of Karachi, and that police had reason to believe that two suspects were involved in the attacks.
Since last week, fear has gripped residents of Gulistan-i-Jauhar after multiple reports of at least one attacker stabbing women in the area with a sharp object. The police have launched a manhunt and an investigation into the motivation and identity of the attacker.
Three First Information Reports (FIRs) have been registered ─ two at the Sharea Faisal police station and one at the Gulistan-i-Jauhar police station ─ on the complaint of three women who said that they had been attacked by a lone “knife-wielding” motorcyclist.
Speaking to the media on Friday, the chief minister said that there was a reason to believe that two suspects ─ one from Sahiwal in Punjab and the other from Karachi ─ were involved in the attacks. Expressing hope that the real criminal will soon be put behind bars, Shah added that both suspects were yet to be arrested. “We will not let anyone play with the law,” Shah added.
A day earlier, after police claimed to have made a key arrest in the case, another woman was stabbed and injured in Gulistan-i-Jauhar in the evening despite a heavy deployment of police at more than two dozen spots.
The 28-year-old woman, identified as Tahira Bano, was stabbed and wounded by a lone attacker riding a motorbike in the busy Rado Bakery area. They were admitted to a private hospital for treatment. The incidents have not only emerged as a serious challenge for the police, they have also prompted political activists to question the effectiveness of the provincial PPP government.
IGP seeks arrest of knife attacker through modern technology: Sindh Inspector General of Police AD Khowaja on Friday directed top officials to arrest the knife attacker by using modern technology. They assigned DIG South for sharing news with media in this regard.
According to the police spokesperson, Khowaja chaired a meeting at Central Police Office Karachi and reviewed the peace and security situation in the city and in this context, they reviewed zonal and district police measures and issued several necessary orders.
IGP directed Sultan Ali Khawaja to ensure the arrest of the knife attacker involved in the attack on women as soon as possible. They said that advanced intelligence collection system at the level of police stations should be boosted, besides the mutual contacts should be strengthened at all levels with Rangers, law enforcement agencies and intelligence agencies.
IGP urged citizens that if they have any kind of information about knife attacker, then they may inform the help line 15, appointed officers at the offices of DIG, SSP, and nearby police station or patrolling police.
Mysterious knife attacks: KU bans helmets in premises: The Karachi University (KU) on Friday slapped ban on wearing helmets on its premises in the wake of knife attacks on women in the financial hub of the country.
More than ten girls and women have fallen victim to the mysterious knifeman attacks in Gulistan-e-Jauhar area of the city, exposing the performance of police struggling to nab the elusive attacker.
University's security officer Muhammad Zubair said as a precautionary measure, the ban has been imposed to avoid any untoward happening.
On Thursday, Karachi Police Chief Additional IGP Mushtaq Mahar claimed to have made an important arrest in connection with the attacks, but their claims fell flat as another woman came under attack in Gulistan-e-Jauhar.
Police have arrested a number of men over suspension about their involvement in knife attacks following at least 11 such attacks were carried out. In all such incidents, a biker attacked women with a sharp object leaving them severely injured.
Prize money of Rs 0.5 million was also announced for anyone who comes up with any information regarding the attacker. The pictures taken from a CCTV footage show a biker wearing a helmet and attacking random women. Police say the suspect is about 20 to 29 years old and their height ranges from 5 feet 7 inches to 5 feet 9 inches.
Knife attacker fails as woman barely escapes in the latest attempt: A woman escaped a knife attack at Karachi's Gulistan-e-Jauhar area.
According to reports, the attacker tried to stab the woman but they remained unscathed as the knife scraped the shopping bag which they were holding.
The knife attacks taking place in the city have alarmed authorities. Several suspects in the attacks have been rounded up. The police announced a reward of nearly Rs 0.5 million for any information that could help them nab the serial attacker.
By The Associated Press
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — The United Nations says the global economy is growing by about 3 percent — its highest rate since 2011 — and a significant acceleration from last year.
In its annual economic report and forecast released Monday, the U.N. says the upturn stems predominantly from faster growth in all major developed economies, with east and south Asia remaining “the world's most dynamic regions.”
The report says that compared to 2016, when global growth was just 2.4 percent, “growth strengthened in almost two-thirds of countries worldwide in 2017.”
U.N. economic chief Liu Zhenmin calls the rise “a welcome sign of a healthier economy.”
Advertisement
The report says governments should now focus on longer-term issues, including climate change and the growing inequality between rich and poor.
A heartbreaking video of an emaciated polar bear is going viral online.
The video, shot by National Geographic photographer Paul Nicklen, was taken in Canada inside the Arctic Circle.
It shows the starving bear struggling to walk, scavenging for anything to eat. Nicklen said they didn't want the bear to die in vain.
In the days since they posted the footage, Nicklen said he's been asked why they didn't intervene.
“Of course, that crossed my mind,” Nicklen told National Geographic. “But it's not like I walk around with a tranquilizer gun or 400 pounds of seal meat.”
Plus, in Canada, feeding polar bears is illegal. That doesn't mean Nicklen wasn't affected.
“We stood there crying—filming with tears rolling down our cheeks,” they said.
The video also has definitely struck a nerve with those who have viewed it, prompting a steady conversation about the sensitive topic of global warming.
Experts say the half-ton bears find large quantities of seals on sea ice. They're even used to not having food for several months during the summer while they wait for the ice to form again.
But warming temperatures and rising seas have prevented the ice from solidifying, and polar bears are staying longer on the land looking for food, often times with little success, environmentalists say.
“When scientists say bears are going extinct, I want people to realize what it looks like. Bears are going to starve to death,” Nicklen told National Geographic. “This is what a starving bear looks like.”
© Express Newspapers via AP Images
Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates praised the Republican-led Congress for rejecting the Trump administration's proposed cuts to the State Department budget.Gates pointed out that the foreign aid budget nearly doubled during President George W. Bush's tenure, when Bush created the President's Emergency Plan For AIDS Relief to extend life-saving HIV treatment to hard-hit nations in Africa."In terms of the present situation, it is a little concerning that for the first time the executive branch recommended pretty dramatic cuts in the State Department budget, including the foreign aid portions of that budget including things like PEPFAR," Gates said Wednesday at the Johns Hopkins University School of Advanced International Studies in Washington, D.C. "Fortunately, the budget, Congress has the final word so those rather drastic cuts that were in the administration's first budget did not become law."Republicans such as Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) and Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) opposed the foreign aids cuts the White House had proposed."We're cutting the State Department's budget by 29 percent and, over my dead body, that ain't happening," Graham said in April 2017. "To those that want to get out of the foreign assistance business, who want to take soft power off the table, Gen. Mattis said it better than I could have ever hoped to say it, when - he's a four-star Marine general - they said if you cut the State Department's budget, you better buy me more ammo."In June of last year, Corker said Trump proposed the State Department and USAID budget cuts because they were unwilling to take on entitlement reform."This president took an inordinate amount of cuts in this particular area to demonstrate that they were trying to address fiscal issues because, in fairness, [he's] unwilling to address all the other issues that are driving spending so much," Corker said."Fortunately, it's a very bipartisan group who cares about these issues and so I would say it's to the Congress' credit that it's maintained the spending levels," they said.In "an ideal environment," Gates said, Congress would raise the global health aid budget higher because the U.S. is still at .23 percent of GDP compared to France, Germany and England, which are spending triple that amount."The U.S., on a relative basis, is not nearly as generous," they said. "On an absolute basis, our .23 percent of GDP ends up being $30 billion of $130 billion of the total foreign aid budget."behind Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos, also said China contributes more money than the U.S. to foreign development assistance."To be clear, my dialogue is to thank these people for the support, the U.S. generosity," they said. "Hopefully, the U.S. will be more generous as China has become more generous. I hope countries will compete in generosity when it comes to the developing world."Gates was asked how he's able to remain "so upbeat" about the state of the world in "this time of political division, violence and natural disasters.""How long people live, the reduction of disease... this period since World War II has been unbelievable - the reduction in violence, the improvement in literacy, the improvement of health is phenomenal," they said."By almost any metric," Gates argued, "the world is a far better place today - less violent deaths, less disease, more education - than ever in its history. It doesn't mean we can feel complacent about that remaining burden."Gates noted that 12 million children under 5 years old died in 1990 and that figure is now less than 5 million per year.The world, they said, is "100 times less violent than it was 1,000 years ago - that is, the percentage of deaths that are violent is down dramatically."Compared to the 1960s, Gates said it is now unacceptable to hit children, reflecting the "good news" that "our tolerance of violence has gone down.""Attitudes do shift," they added. "They mostly shift generationally on certain issues - so our view of violence, we accept it less."Gates said the world is safer than it was 50 years ago."The really big death toll numbers are not what's going on today. It's no excuse for what's going on today, but if your goal is to reduce such things, you actually have to have an objective view of what were they, where they have gone down more than other places and what do you have to do to apply those practices?" they said. "So if someone has a very negative view of the world, that's simply not an objective thing."
None
The Red Wolves bench erupts after a three-pointer in the second half of Conrad's 73-62 win at home against Ursuline Friday. William Bretzger, The News Journal
Georgina Hayes
Views Editor
At the beginning of this year, Vapiano – a European-chic Italian chain restaurant – opened its doors in Glasgow. After much anticipation, it now sits just at the end of Buchanan Street, in a prime but strangely blink-and-you'll-miss-it location due to the restaurant's small, office-like entrance area.
Now, Vapiano isn't your ordinary restaurant: its gimmick, as many of you may know, is that it prides itself on mimicking the cafeteria-style dining experience of many eateries in Italy. The premise is quite simple: rather than a setup with various table sizes wherein you get your orders collected and served by wait staff, instead you are each given a small card on arrival. You then go up a flight of stairs, find your own table and use this card to go to approach the chefs and order what you would like from the menu.
I don't think it's necessarily fair to rate a restaurant based upon a gimmick that you will be aware of before you choose to eat there; whether or not this particular setup works for you is personal and circumstantial. What I will say, is that the setup certainly has its bonuses: you can eat at your own speed, you can watch your food being prepared, and you can avoid the passive-aggressive bill splitting situation. How Vapiano executes this premise, though, is questionable.
After entering an office-like reception area that feels more like the entrance to a building of snazzy new London offices than a restaurant, you'll go up a flight of stairs to find yourself in the main restaurant, that seats over 200 people. The dining area is cafeteria-style in a way that, thankfully, doesn't feel like a school canteen. Still, the long oak tables and lack of any kind of decoration beyond the minimalist makes the space feel impersonal, which I'd hazard a guess wasn't the intention for a chain that prides itself on mimicking authentic Italian eateries. The music is a strange choice, too – when we sat at our table, we noticed that Teenage Dream by Katy Perry was blaring from the speakers. Less Little Italy and more Pizza Hut, then.
I settled on bruschetta mozeralla for my starter, since it's what I get at pretty much every Italian I go to. With a little incredulity, I saw that the cost of this starter was £6.79 – for comparison, this is almost double the prize of what you'd pay at, say, La Vita Spuntini. The novelty of watching my starter be prepared was nonexistent, since we simply watched a few scoopfulls of tomato taken from a plastic tub be uncerimoniously splattered onto some pale bread. The mozeralla was added in a similar fashion.
Still, bruschetta mozeralla isn't really a dish that's possible to get wrong, although Vapiano gave it their best shot. The bread was lukewarm and without flavour (added garlic wouldn't have gone amiss), and the mozeralla was cold and overpowering as a result. Its saving grace was the balsamic vinegar, which we added ourselves. For £6.79, this really is pretty egregious.
The main was, thankfully, a different story. I chose the margherita pizza – a crowd pleaser – and it didn't disappoint. The base was thin and crusted, the sauce tasted almost like the rich Italian flavour Vapiano is trying to emulate, and the amount of cheese was just right. My guest chose a meat-based pizza and expressed a similar sentiment: the main was what you'd expect from an Italian restaurant hoping to claim authenticity. The portions were also generous. For just £8.19, it wasn't bad.
The desserts were another success, although overpriced and difficult Dolcis to get wrong in the first place. I chose the cioccolata bianca and my guest chose the bacio – the blended cream in both were delicious and not too rich, although the biscuit bases felt more like crumbs than an actual dessert base. Still, for £5.99, the small cup-sized desserts weren't necessarily worth what you pay.
If you're like me, and always want a drink from the bar when you go to a restaurant, then make sure you scan the menu carefully. In Vapiano, picking the wrong Pinot Grigio or Sauvignon Blanc could put you out £8.95 per regular size glass. As a whole, the prices at the bar are, to be blunt, a bit of a rip off.
The problem with Vapiano doesn't lie within its gimmick; there was actually something inherently enjoyable about eating and drinking at your own pace. The problem, instead, is that it can't be a chain restaurant serving chain-standing food but with extortionate prices. If you fancy a good pizza and a soft drink that you can eat and enjoy at your own pace in a relaxed environment, then Vapiano might be the place for you. But if you want a meal that doesn't leave your pockets burning afterwards, I'd go elsewhere. All in all, Vapiano isn't bad – but it's cheeky for a chain, and not in an endearing Nando's way.
× Bloomsburg Mayor Fights Call to Resign
BLOOMSBURG, Pa. — It's been several days since Bloomsburg Mayor Eric Bower was arrested for allegedly patronizing a prostitute, and some people who live here do not like all the attention the town is getting.
“It's embarrassing. In this day and age, you can't do much and get away with it,” Kelly Fleming said.
State police say Bower showed up at a woman's door Friday night, with $200 ready to pay them for sex. The next day Bower told Newswatch 16 that's not what happened.
“She requested my help and invited me to the location where the incident occurred. We always had a very playful, you know, relationship. It wasn't like anything that I would consider what the charges are,” Mayor Eric Bower said.
At Monday night's town council meeting, Bower voluntarily removed themselves from their position of overseeing the police department. Council members asked Bower to resign.
Some Bloomsburg residents agree.
“Well, they shouldn't be in public office, not doing what he's doing,” Kerry Mausteller said.
“To hold a position like that where people voted you in, trusted you, hey, take care of this for us, to have that happen, it's like, come on,” Fleming said.
The mayor also told Newswatch 16 they do not plan to resign. People here in Bloomsburg have mixed opinions on that.
“I think it's ridiculous. They shouldn't even be mayor,” Ruth McHenry said.
“It doesn't make anybody else look good, and they need to resign. They need to step down, it's what everybody wants them to do,” Mausteller said.
Bower tells Newswatch 16 they believe they are being set up because they are the mayor. He's scheduled to be back in court next week.
Senior Airman John Elan, 436th Aerial Port Squadron truck dock cargo handler, explains the label verification process to Air Mobility Command's “Aerial Port of the Future” team members Feb. 7, 2017, at Dover Air Force Base, Del. The team observed the ground freight offload of small parcels and handling by truck dock personnel. (U.S. Air Force photo by Roland Balik)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.07.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 08:26 Photo ID: 3167000 VIRIN: 170207-F-BO262-1017 Resolution: 3639x2422 Size: 3.71 MB Location: DOVER AIR FORCE BASE, DE, US Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, AMC paves ground for Aerial Port of the Future [Image 1 of 9], by Roland Balik, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Researcher with Panthera released a video of sand cats captured in the wild. It is thought to be the first time the cats have been filmed in the natural habitat. Screen capture
A group of Louisiana basketball players is getting quite a bit of attention for taking a knee as a funeral procession passed by their pickup game Friday, April 20.Sisters Lynn Bienvenu and Johannah Stroud of Denham Springs spotted the teenagers playing a game of basketball. What they did next is something that made Stroud stop in their tracks.The boys stopped their game and dropped to their knees as a sign of support and respect to the family who had lost a loved one."It was really impressive. It meant a lot," Stroud said.The sisters did not want the moment to pass without allowing others to witness, so they snapped a quick photo and shared it on social media."She wanted other people to see it. So, they posted it, and it just took off, " Stroud said.The picture has since gone viral online, and by Monday had been shared more than 700 times."People are hungry to see good things and encouraging things," Stroud said.As for the young men, they have reached out to the family to express their condolences for their loss.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Primark, the go-to shop for inexpensive clothes, designer look-alikes and quirky trends, has sparked a debate on social media.
The store usually trends on Twitter thanks to their coveted but rare items like the Prada-inspired shoes, Beauty and the Beast merchandise and Harry Potter range but this time it is all about the pronunciation of its name.
Some customers swear it is called "Pr-eye-mark" while others are just as convinced it is pronounced "Pree-mark", The Mirror reported.
The fierce national debate saw Twitter users dramatically declare the 'end' of friendships. Some offered accents as the cause of the discrepancy.
I die when I hear northerners say Preemark — rif (@tafir117) August 10, 2017
It's such an issue for some customers, the store has gone to the trouble of putting an answer in the 'help' section of their website, which should settle the debate once and for all.
In the 'other stuff' segment of their 'queries' page, where you can search for FAQs, they answer the question: "How do you pronounce Primark?"
Their response is: "That's a very good question. We like to use Pr-Eye-Mark."
The sort of people who mispronounce #Primark as "Pree-mark" are the same type of people to avoid, who mispronounce schedule as "skedule" — Warren Lee (@WozzaFM) August 14, 2017
So if the shop staff say it this way, then it's definitely correct.
How do you say the store's name? Take our poll below.
poll loading How do you pronounce Primark? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Pr-Eye-Mark Pree-mark
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
Bin collections in the Warwick District may be delayed or cancelled today (Monday) because of the weather conditions.
Warwick District Council are warning residents who normally have a waste collection today that there could be delays.
A spokesperson from Warwick District Council said: “Due to adverse weather conditions there may be some delays with your refuse and recycling collections.
“Green waste collections have been cancelled today, residents should present their green bins on the next scheduled collection day for green waste.
“Collection of kerbside boxes and bags has been suspended at present. Residents should leave them at the kerbside for now and await further information.
“Grey bins and sacks should be presented as usual and we will collect them as soon as possible.”
The average Brit considers themselves to be 79 percent good – and 21 percent bad, according to a new study.
Researchers took an in depth look into how the nation sees themselves - with some surprising results.
According to the data most of us (45 percent) claim we would do anything for anyone, while a further 28 percent would consider themselves to be a “good egg”.
However, behind the smiles and the niceties, 90 percent of us claim to have a dark side – with the average Brit owning up to doing something bad six times in the last 12 months.
Saying something spiteful to hurt someone else (25 percent), sharing a secret had promised you'd keep to yourself (22 percent) and kissing someone you shouldn't make Brits naughty list.
One in twenty (5 percent) even admitted to having an extra marital affair and 16 percent have sworn at a stranger in the street after a minor disagreement.
The ‘good v bad' study, which was carried out by online casino playojo.com also revealed women claim they are more likely to have a dark side than men (61 percent).
In fact, a sinister one in ten (11 percent) of the 1,500 adults polled said they have a dark side that no one knows about.
Yesterday a spokesperson for playojo.com casino said: “On the whole the research shows most people consider themselves to be good person - but we all have a tendency to go off piste from time to time.
“The research highlighted that most people are aware of their weaknesses whether that be telling a few fibs, losing our temper or snooping at something we shouldn't.
“No one can be perfect all the time and we are all capable of behaving badly when tired, stressed or under pressure.
“We realised there was a level of distrust among players in the online casino industry and we pledged to give them a more rewarding and fairer alternative.
“At PlayOJO.com we've re-written the rules for online gaming – We give players back control of their money with no sneaky terms and conditions in the small print. We don't have wagering requirements and we give money back on every bet, win or lose. In fact, we're not bad for an online casino.”
To keep our dark side in check more than two thirds (67 percent) of the population felt they need the occasional chance to misbehave.
And nearly two thirds (64 percent) of respondents said they find people who are ‘holier than thou' a bit boring and felt it was good to have an edgier side.
High stress levels and a bad temper were the most common weaknesses of those polled with a quarter complaining that money was their Achilles heel.
Telling lies, the opposite sex and alcohol were also listed as common character flaws the survey found.
A quarter of the adults polled (24 percent) said they have suffered life changing consequences as a result of being badly behaved and 39 percent said they often felt guilty after getting up to something they shouldn't.
Nearly half of Brits said they often come across as sweetness and light but harbour vicious thoughts about people they dislike.
BRITS MOST COMMON MISDEMEANOURS….
1. Lied about how much money you have spent
2. Said something spiteful to someone
3. Told a secret you said you would keep quiet
4. Lied about your whereabouts
5. Sworn at a stranger
6. Flirted with someone you shouldn't
7. Lied about how much you drink
8. Snubbed someone in the street
9. Committed road rage
10. Snooped on someone's emails
11. Kissed someone I shouldn't have
12. Carried out an act of revenge on someone you don't like
13. Told a lie to hurt someone
14. Sent a naked selfie to someone
15. Sexted someone you shouldn't
16. Lied on a CV or interview
17. Stitched someone up at work
18. Had an affair
FILE PHOTO: Special Envoy to Syria Staffan de Mistura delivers remarks at a Security Council meeting on the situation in Syria at the United Nations Headquarters in New York, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith
GENEVA The U.N. mediator for Syria said on Thursday they would hold talks with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Gennady Gatilov in Geneva on Monday, and that the United States had declined to take part in any trilateral meeting for now.
They will evaluate discussions in the Kazakh capital Astana, planned for May 3-4, that are aimed at reviving the tattered ceasefire, and prospects for convening talks in Geneva between Syria's warring sides later in May, de Mistura said.
"The trilateral meeting - as you know that was a possibility - is being postponed, it is not taking place on Monday. It will be a bilateral ... But the trilateral is not off the table, it is just being postponed," they told reporters.
De Mistura, asked about the U.S. administration's intent to participate, replied: "There is a clearly an intention to maintain and resume these trilateral meetings, and the date and circumstances were not conducive for this to happen on Monday."
The United States carried out a missile strike on a Syrian air base this month after a chemical weapons attack that killed scores of people near Idlib on April 4. Both incidents have raised tensions between Washington and Moscow, the Syrian government's ally.
"The U.S. welcomes discussions with Russia regarding the UN-led political process on Syria in Geneva, and we have met in the past in the trilateral U.S.-Russia-UN format. But at this time there is no new trilateral meeting scheduled," a U.S. spokesperson in Geneva said in an email.
De Mistura said that their team had just taken part in technical talks in Tehran, in preparation for the Astana talks organised by Russia, Iran and Turkey.
There had been "some type of movement regarding the issue of detainees ...and on possible issues related to demining as well," they said, adding that they were seeking details.
De Mistura said the suicide bomb attack on Saturday on a convoy of evacuees from the rebel-besieged villages of Foua and Kefraya had killed more than 130 people, including 67 children, and wounded some 200. Evacuations resumed on Wednesday.
Their humanitarian adviser Jan Egeland criticised the evacuation, part of a four-town exchange negotiated by Iran and Tahrir al-Sham, a jihadist alliance, with the involvement of Hezbollah. The United Nations had no role in the reciprocal exchange that also included fighters and civilians in two government-besieged towns, Madaya and Zabadani.
"This cannot be considered voluntary evacuations, these are people evacuated after years of besiegement," Egeland said. "Is it voluntary if people in the end have only (one) option - starve and be bombed or go on a bus to an uncertain future?"
(Editing by Catherine Evans)
ROANOKE, Va. - Different organizations are holding canned food drives during the winter months to benefit area food banks.
The Local Office on Aging in Roanoke County is getting ready to kick off its annual Soup for Seniors Drive, which runs Monday through Friday, to help 3,500 seniors have a hot meal.
Teachers at Burlington Elementary School have been busy stacking boxes of canned soup to help senior citizens like Lola Gill.
“I can't get around on my own, so it means a lot to have a hot soup,” Gill said.
The school has only been collecting canned soup for a few days, but students have already managed to bring in more than double the number of cans this year compared with last year.
“We ended up surpassing expectations with over 5,500 total cans,” Jessica Brooks, a teacher at Burlington Elementary School, said.
Students are also learning about the importance of giving back.
Below is a map to view places where you can donate canned soup.
In Lynchburg, students at Linkhorne Elementary School used canned food items to predict who they think will win the Super Bowl.
During its annual Souper Bowl Canned Food Drive, students predicted who will win by placing canned foods in either the Philadelphia Eagles or the New England Patriots bag.
In the end, it seems these kids bleed green as there were 538 cans for the Eagles and only 139 cans for the Patriots.
The students, along with their teacher, say this is their way of paying it forward to the community.
"My classmates and I have done a really good thing to people who need this food," said fifth-grader Nick Minor.
All the food collected was given to the Lynchburg Food Bank.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Days after the white nationalist rally held in support of a statue of Robert E. Lee in Charlottesville ended in a violent attack on counter-protestors, protestors in Durham, North Carolina toppled a confederate statue:
The statue was erected in front of Durham's old courthouse nearly 6 decades after the end of the Civil War, and is engraved with "The Confederate States of America" and "In Memory Of 'The Boys Who Wore The Gray'."
In the aftermath of Charlottesville, politicians in Kentucky, Maryland and elsewhere have started to call for confederate statues to be removed quickly.
[Derrick Lewis]
By The Associated Press
CAPRON, Va. (AP) — A former Virginia death row inmate who had their sentence commuted to life in prison is expected to be released before Christmas.
The Richmond Times-Dispatch reports that Joseph Giarratano will walk out of Deerfield Correctional Center on Dec. 20.
Giarratano was convicted in the 1979 rape and capital murder of 15-year-old Michelle Kline and the murder of their mother, 44-year-old Toni Kline, in Norfolk.
In 1991 — two days before their scheduled execution — Gov. L. Douglas Wilder commuted their sentence after questions were raised about their guilt.
Last month, the Virginia State Parole Board approved their release.
Giarratano told the newspaper they plan to live in Charlottesville and work as a paralegal.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The Sigma Alpha Epsilon chapter at Northwestern University has been order to halt its daily operations by its national headquarters f ollowing allegations of sexual assault at the local fraternity house The Chicago Tribune reports that the cease-and-desist was confirmed Friday.Sigma Alpha Epsilon spokesperson Brandon Weghorst says the chapter has to "cease and desist all operations," meaning it can't hold chapter meetings, attend fraternity social events or take part in other activities under the fraternity's banner. That is different from a suspension, which means the national organization no longer recognizes a chapter as an officials group, Weghorst clarified.The newspaper has reported that Northwestern administrators issued a security alert on Feb. 6 after reports that as many as four female students were possibly given a date rape drug last month during an event at the fraternity's house. Two of the women said they were sexually assaulted.The reported sexual assaults are under investigation.
Exercise MAX THUNDER, the 2nd largest flying exercise held on the Korean Peninsula, kicked off April 17, 2017, hosted by the 8th Fighter Wing at Kunsan Air Base.
U.S. Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, Navy and ROK personnel all train in this annual exercise to sustain and build upon skills important to defending the security of the Korean Peninsula.
“During this exercise, we use different mission sets to enhance our tactical proficiency,” said Capt. Austin Buller, 36th Fighter Squadron operations flight commander. “Working with the Koreans is especially important here, and during this exercise we can get that face-to-face encounter in an air combat training scenario.”
U.S. and ROK units from various locations on the Korean Peninsula and Japan participate in the exercise, which is hosted at a different location each year; every participating unit plays a key role in supporting this air combat mission. This is no less true for Team Osan.
Members of the 36th FS and Aircraft Maintenance Unit are the primary personnel for the suppression of enemy air defenses mission. SEAD makes it possible for air interdiction, or deep air support, to use preventative tactics against enemy targets.
“Team Osan is the SEAD first responder,” said Buller, “We are just about the only unit on [the Korean Peninsula] with that capability, so it will be good practice for us and will also help our integration.”
Aside from flying roles, this exercise also gives the 36th AMU an opportunity to train while in an off-station environment.
“With the vast turnover [rate in Korea], this will be the first time many of our maintainers have worked in Max Thunder, or have had the opportunity to work at Kunsan,” said Capt. Robert Gulla, 36th AMU OIC. “They will encounter different issues that typically would not arise at home, and [will need to] work through these [new] challenges.”
The exercise is scheduled to continue through the 28th of April, increasing the combat readiness of U.S. and ROK air forces through combined and joint large-force employment training.
NEWS INFO Date Taken: 04.18.2017 Date Posted: 04.18.2017 03:17 Story ID: 230654 Location: PYEONGTAEK, 41, KR Web Views: 5 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Fiends Help Wolfpack Kick-off MAX THUNDER, by A1C Gwendalyn Smith, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Dead! are a relatively new band bursting onto the circuit. Their infectiously punchy alt-rock music has landed them to be signed by BMG last year, and their diverse cross-genre sound makes it hard to pigeonhole them under one genre. I think this is the exact way Dead! want to be known.
In 2013 Dead! released their first song, ‘Beautiful Broken Bones', and in 2014 they released their debut album, Tu Me Manques. More recently, they've been releasing new singles such as ‘Up for Ran$om' and ‘Enough, Enough, Enough' ahead of their upcoming album, The Golden Age of Not Even Trying.
Dead! also produce zines that are accessible by their fans on their website. The zines are filled with images taken from their recent endeavours as well as comedic sketches throughout.
The London-based boy band have toured with the likes of Young Guns on tours up and down the country and have headlined their own gigs across the nation but after seeing them completely tear up a Bristol house party in 2015, I am very, very intrigued to see what the band have in store for their gig in the Joiners on the 17th of February.
You can also find Dead! on their UK tour, with more local dates including 100 Clubs in London on the 1st of February and The Boileroom in Guildford on the 2nd. Their last stop sees the band play at The Junction in Plymouth on the 22nd.
You can hear their latest single ‘Any Port' from their upcoming album The Golden Age of Not Even Trying below:
Monday, March 19, 2018
HERTFORDSHIRE, ENGLAND—BBC News reports that the foundations of the original A.D. 1077 apse were uncovered at St. Albans Cathedral under just three feet of soil. “One of our major aims was to confirm its presence and confirm the abbey was one of the early Norman cathedrals,” said Ross Lane, director of the excavation for the Canterbury Archaeological Trust. The excavation also uncovered approximately 20 graves dating to the eleventh and twelfth centuries. “They are clustered close to the walls in tile-lined tombs,” Lane said. The people in the graves are thought to have either lived in the abbey or been its benefactors in order to have received such honored burial spots. A new visitor center will be built on the site. For more, go to “Letter From England: Writing on the Church Wall.”
SNP MSP Stewart Stevenson is encouraging all parents and guardians in the Banffshire and Buchan Coast area to take advantage of the free flu vaccine before Christmas.
In a bid to keep children virus-free this winter, GP practices across Scotland are providing the nasal flu vaccine free of charge for children aged from two to five years.
SNP MSP Stewart Stevenson said: “With only two weeks left until Christmas I am urging all parents or guardians in the Banffshire and Buchan area who haven't yet done so, to take their children between the ages of two and five to their local GP for the free flu vaccine.
“The nasal spray only takes a few minutes, is painless, and does not contain a live virus so will not cause flu in your child and can protect against flu for up to a year.
“It's very important that children receive the vaccine, which the best defence against flu for your children and also helps reduce the spread of infectious flu.”
Research Report Insights (RRI) offers a 10-year forecast on the global orthopedic imaging equipment market. The primary objective of the report is to offer updates and information related to market opportunities in the global orthopedic imaging equipment market.
In terms of revenue, the global orthopedic imaging equipment market is expected to register a CAGR of 4.9% during the forecast period, 2016–2026. The primary objective of the report is to offer insights on the market dynamics that can influence growth of the global orthopedic imaging equipment market over the forecast period. Insights on key market & price trends, drivers, restraints, value forecasts and opportunities for companies operating in the global orthopedic imaging equipment market are presented in the report.
Report For Report Sample with Table of Contents@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/sample/110114790/Orthopaedic-Imaging-Equipment-Market
The global market for orthopedic imaging equipment is expected to experience significant growth rate in terms of value owing to rise in prevalence of orthopedic injuries globally. Furthermore, increasing per capita healthcare expenditure as increasing disposable income in developing economies is aligning number of individuals to opt for advanced diagnostic services, which in turn is expected to favour the market for orthopedic imaging over the forecast period. Also, encouraged R&D activities in the field of medical imaging and medical electronics are propelling the growth of the orthopedic imaging equipment market. However, significant increase in per capita income is projected to result in increased demand for advanced diagnostic and imaging equipment. Growth rate from the orthopedic imaging equipment market in North America is expected to expand at the relatively higher CAGR due to increase in prevalence and advancement in technologies in the region. To understand and assess opportunities in this market, the report offers market forecast on the basis of product type, indication, end user and regions. The report provides analysis of the global orthopedic imaging equipment market in terms of market value (US$ Mn).
Global Orthopedic Imaging Equipment Market– North America is expected to witness relatively higher Growth in terms of revenue by 2026
The orthopedic imaging equipment market segments, by product type, indication, end-user and region, have been analysed in terms of basis point share (BPS) to understand the individual segment's relative contributions to market growth. This detailed level of information is important for identifying various key trends in the orthopedic imaging equipment market.
The global orthopedic imaging equipment market is segmented on the basis of product types into:
X-Ray System
CT-Scanner
MRI System
EOS Imaging Systems
Ultrasound
Nuclear Imaging Systems Sleep Apnea Screening Devices
Nasal Flow Sensors
Peripheral Capillary Oxygen Saturation (SPO2)
The report begins with the market definition, followed by definitions of the different orthopedic imaging equipment product types. The market dynamics section includes RRI's analysis on key trends, drivers, restraints, opportunities and macro-economic factors influencing the growth of the global orthopedic imaging equipment market and key regulations for medical devices. Also the pricing analysis of different products in the segment is mentioned for orthopedic imaging equipment upcoming products.
Request For Report Discount@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/discount/110114790/Orthopaedic-Imaging-Equipment-Market
The report analyses the market on the basis of indication and presents forecast in terms of value for the next 10 years. On the basis of indication, the global orthopedic imaging equipment market is categorized into:
Acute injuries
Sports injuries
Trauma cases
Chronic Disorders
Osteoarthritis
Osteoporosis
Prolapsed Disc
Degenerative joint diseases
Others
The report analyses the market on the basis of end user and presents forecast in terms of value for the next 10 years. On the basis of end user, the global orthopedic imaging equipment market is categorized into:
Hospitals
Radiology Centers
Emergency Care Facility
Ambulatory Surgical Centers
Next, the report analyses the market on the basis of regions and presents forecast in terms of value for the next 10 years. On the basis of regions, the global orthopedic imaging equipment market is segmented into:
North America
S.
Canada
Latin America
Brazil
Mexico
Rest of Latin America
Western Europe
Germany
France
K.
Spain
Italy
Benelux
Rest of Western Europe
Eastern Europe
Russia
Poland
Rest of Eastern Europe
APEJ
China
India
ASEAN
Australia and New Zealand
Rest Of APEJ
Japan
Middle East & Africa (MEA)
GCC Countries
South Africa
Rest of MEA
In addition, we have considered Year-on-Year (Y-o-Y) growth to understand the predictability of the market and identify growth opportunities for companies operating in the global orthopedic imaging equipment market.
Another key feature of this report is the analysis of key segments in terms of absolute dollar opportunity. This is overlooked, while forecasting. However, absolute $ opportunity is important for assessing the degree of opportunity that a provider desire to achieve, as well as to identify potential resources from a sales and delivery perspective for the response given by orthopedic imaging equipment market. To understand key segments in terms of their growth and performance in the global orthopedic imaging equipment market, RRI has developed a market attractiveness index. The resulting index would help providers identify existing market opportunities.
In the final section of the report, there is a ‘competitive landscape' to provide a dashboard view of key players engaged in the market for global orthopedic imaging equipment. This section is preferably designed to provide clients with an aim and detailed comparative assessment of key providers particularly specific to the market segment in the orthopedic imaging equipment market and the potential players. However, this section also includes company details, company overview, key developments and market strategies of the profiled key player active in the global orthopedic imaging equipment market.
Detailed profiles of orthopedic imaging equipment product manufacturers are also included in the scope of the report to evaluate their long- and short-term strategies. Some key players included in this report General Electric Company, Siemens AG, Koninklijke Philips N.V., Toshiba Medical Systems Corporation, Hitachi, Ltd., Esaote SpA, Planmed OY, EOS Imaging.
Report Analysis@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/rd/110114790/Orthopaedic-Imaging-Equipment-Market
About Us:
Research Report Insights (RRI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm.
We deliver a host of services including custom research reports, syndicated research reports, and consulting services which are personalised in nature.
RRI delivers a complete packaged solution to clients;this combines current market intelligence, technology inputs, statistical anecdotes,
valuable growth insights, 360-degree view of the competitive framework, and anticipated market trends.
Our research services cover global as well as regional emerging markets such as BRICS, GCC, and ASEAN.
Our offerings cover a broad spectrum of verticals which include Oil and Gas, Chemicals, Materials, Energy, Technology, Automotive, and Retail.
The operating model of RRI blends cross-disciplinary research experience to deploy insightful, in-depth, and actionable research.
Contact Us:
Research Report Insights
42 joseph street,
Portcarling P0B 1J0,
Muskoka, Ontario
T: +1-631-721-4201
Email: sales@researchreportinsights.com
Web Site: http://www.researchreportinsights.com
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
NEW LONDON, Conn. – Members of the Coast Guard Academy send a holiday greeting to friends and family, December 7, 2017.
The Coast Guard Academy has cadets from all over the United States and several international countries, but not all can make it home for the holidays.
U.S. Coast Guard video by Petty Officer 2nd Class Lauren Laughlin
4:27 Prelude to 'Hamilton' Pause
1:51 Pilot takes down passenger who pushed flight attendant
1:38 How hearing loss affects 'Hamilton' music director Alex Lacamoire
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
Police are investigating the attempted robbery late Monday of a Merrick gas station.
A man wearing a ski mask approached the clerk at BP gas station in the 1500 block of Merrick Road shortly before 11 p.m., reached into their waistband “as if to have a gun,” and demanded money, Nassau County police said.
Another worker “startled” the would-be robber, who fled on foot without any money and headed north on Central Boulevard, police said.
Police described the man as in their early 20s “with a thin build, wearing a black hooded sweatshirt, gray jeans” and “black sneakers with white markings on them.”
Detectives urge anyone with information about the attempted robbery to anonymously call Crime Stoppers at 800-244-TIPS.
DENVER (AP) — Colorado's largest city is reviewing the first application from a business seeking to be among the nation's first legal marijuana clubs, a step that comes more than a year after voters approved a bring-your-own pot measure.
Dan Rowland, a spokesperson for the Denver department that regulates marijuana businesses, said the city received the application from the Coffee Joint on Friday.
Co-owners Rita Tsalyuk and Kirill Merkulov plan to charge a $5 entry fee if they're approved for the license. Customers could use edible pot products or vaporizing pens inside, and the shop would sell food, host events and provide free coffee or tea, they said.
Denver voters approved the clubs in a 2016 ballot measure, but it took nine months for the city to start accepting applications. Advocates have complained that state restrictions preventing pot use at any business with a liquor license and the city's own rules unfairly limited potential locations for the clubs.
Advertisement
For instance, the city required pot clubs to be twice as far from schools and anywhere else children gather as liquor stores.
Customers buying marijuana products often ask where they are allowed to legally use it, and employees have few answers for tourists staying in hotels that ban marijuana use, Tsalyuk said.
Colorado law doesn't address pot clubs. In some cities, they are tolerated, while others operate secretly.
Other states with legal marijuana are at a standstill for developing rules governing places to consume pot products, including Alaska, where state regulators have delayed discussion of rules for retail shops until spring.
It could be months before Denver residents and tourists would be allowed to legally vape or eat pot products at the Coffee Joint. The city said it has just started to review the application and a public hearing will probably be scheduled within two to three months.
In the meantime, Tsalyuk and Merkulov want to open their business before the end of the year as a traditional coffee shop. For their 1,850-square-foot space, they plan to convert a garage to a space for “vape and paint” events, open a smaller room for private events and put in comfortable furniture.
“We want to give a better name to the cannabis industry and be good for residents, too,” Tsalyuk said.
The proposal has the backing of a local neighborhood association, which submitted a letter of support to the city. Applicants have to show community support for their proposal as part of the licensing process.
Aubrey Lavizzo, a member of the La Alma Lincoln Park Neighborhood Association, said the club backers attended two of their meetings and invited members to tour the dispensary.
“They've shown us that they really want to be good neighbors,” said Lavizzo, a veterinarian who has had a clinic in the neighborhood for over 30 years.
Merkulov said they are aware of the national and global spotlight on the industry.
“It's a new apex,” they said. “We hope to prove this can be managed well and be safe.”
___
Associated Press writer Colleen Slevin contributed to this report.
HIGHLIGHTS Effort had been paid by nonprofit Cove Animal Rescue
Former shelter operator questions use of city money
The Glen Cove City Council has approved a program to neuter feral cats, which officials say are numerous in parts of the city.
The council voted unanimously on Tuesday to pay Cove Animal Rescue $1,000 a month to trap, neuter and return cats to the area where they were caught.
The city has paid the Glen Cove-based nonprofit to run the city animal shelter since February 2015. But a neutering program was not part of the agreement. Instead, the organization has spent more than $12,000 of its own money to neuter more than 225 cats, Betty Geiger, president of the group's board, said in an interview.
“They've been paying for it out of pocket on their own, and it's a community benefit,” Deputy Mayor Barbara Peebles said at the council meeting.
Feral cats roam throughout the city. One of Peebles' concerns is about colonies of feral cats that live at the sites of the Garvies Point and Villa development projects. As the land is cleared for construction, the cats will be displaced, scattering them to residents' yards and other locations, they said.
“We're trying to be proactive,” Peebles said.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Feral cats are not socialized and usually too afraid of people to be adopted.
“What you are really doing is controlling and containing,” Geiger said. “Eventually, natural attrition will shrink the population.”
Joan Phillips told council members that when the Locust Valley-based Animal Lovers League operated the city animal shelter for 20 years before CAR took over, the league received no city money for neutering.
“Now we're adding something else to the taxpayers' obligation,” said Phillips, co-founder of the nonprofit Animal Lovers League.
Phillips said after the meeting that the league neutered about 14,500 feral cats over 20 years with private funds, and most of the cats were from Glen Cove.
Peebles said they are skeptical that so many cats were neutered during that time. Animal shelter employees have told city officials that most of the neutered cats were from outside Glen Cove — one of a number of issues that led to moving animal shelter operations to Cove Animal Rescue, Peebles said. The council last week also voted to pay the group $92,902 to operate the shelter in 2017, the same amount as in 2016.
After the rescue group began its neutering program, there was a noticeable drop in the number of feral cats and resident complaints about them, Peebles said.
Phillips said no city money should be allocated for neutering until a detailed neutering plan is provided.
Peebles said a formal plan is expected soon. Geiger said the rescue group has an informal plan that includes buying specialized surgical equipment for neutering so veterinarians can perform a number of procedures on the same day at the shelter. Currently, volunteers bring feral cats to local veterinarians' practices.
© Pixabay
What started as a lazy afternoon on the water ended up being a terrifying experience for a 15-year-old girl who found themselves hanging from a tree branch, trapped by an angry gator."I'm at Freak Creek. My daughter is stuck in a freaking tree and there are gators surrounding them and we can't get them out. Please, she's fifteen," their mother said in a frantic 911 call.It happened Friday near Alexander Springs Creek in the Ocala National Forest."There was a low-hanging tree. They were able to climb up into the tree and get out of the water and stay high enough to where the gator couldn't get her," Sgt. Mark Fulmer explained.By the time the deputy was able to get to the remote area, the girl had been clinging for dear life for 30 minutes.She was exhausted and screaming their lungs out."Right now, they're very territorial. They are ending mating season so if you come up on a nest, gators are very territorial of their young," Farmer said.Experts say before you go swimming, look around. Check for gators, especially on the shoreline where they often lay eggs.In Florida, if you're hanging out in a body of water, chances are you're hanging out with alligators.
Two years ago we wrote about Hanahan local and historically-inspired blacksmith, Josh Weston, when they competed (and went home a champion) on the History Channel's, a show that asks competitors to complete certain challenges, like creating a weapon from a car's scrap metal.On Tues. May 8, Weston is back, competing in the aptly titledseries — watch them chop their way through obstacles at a watch party at LG's by the Creek, starting with live music from Don Merckle and the Blacksmiths at 9 p.m.is a new series that features America's top bladesmiths, martial artists, and weapons experts facing off in a "the most extreme knife competition ever created." We honestly don't know what the litmus test for that could be, so we'll take their word for it. Challenges are designed to test competitors' skills and their special blades. Huzzah!Weston, who, in addition to making blades is also an illustrator and graphic/web designer, sells their blades and other products (including jewelry) online.
Get a taste of what to expect during the show in a episode preview, below.
INS Trishul on Friday thwarted a piracy attempt on Indian ship MV Jag Amar in the Gulf of Aden. The piracy bid was foiled at around 12:30 noon on Friday.
One AK-47 and one magazine with 27 rounds was reportedly recovered from the ship. The cargo ship MV Jag Amar was going to Jubail in Saudi Arabia when the piracy attempt took place.
An operation is reportedly on by naval special forces to capture 12 suspected pirates.
Somalian pirates had captured an Indian ship for a week in April this year.
More to follow
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man has been banned from every single Asda store in the country, following a furious row about the price of fabric conditioner.
Mulkh Chumber, was slapped with the harsh punishment by the Walmart-owned supermarket chain and now says their loyalties lie with Morrisons.
The Midlands shopper tried to purchase ten bottles of Comfort Creations at their local branch in Wolstanton.
Stoke On Trent Live reports, Mr Chumber visited the store after an advert revealed the item was slashed from £3 to £1.
But the newsagent was left stunned when they got to the checkout - and was told the advert was wrong.
(Image: Stoke on Trent Live)
They were told the product had only been reduced to £2 - and Asda called in police when Mulkh refused to leave the store.
Now Staffordshire Police have revealed they are not taking any action against the customer.
Mulkh, of Basford , had seen the advert in The Sun.
They said: “I went to the customer service desk and told one of the workers about this issue and was told they were £2. I showed them the advert, which stated they were £1, and they said it was subject to availability, even though the shelves were full.
(Image: Stoke on Trent Live)
They said: “I went to the customer service desk and told one of the workers about this issue and was told they were £2. I showed them the advert, which stated they were £1, and they said it was subject to availability, even though the shelves were full.
“Then I was told it was selected stores only. But they could not tell me where the offer was available and I was told I would have to put them back.
“I said I didn't go to the store to waste my time putting the items in the trolley and then putting them back - and then I've wasted petrol going to the store and back.
"The Asda staff called security and they told me they would call the police if I did not leave. I did not leave, the police arrived and I spent half-an-hour with the police explaining the situation."
Mulkh has now shifted their shopping allegiance to Morrisons.
They added: “Asda security staff handed me a letter saying I am banned from every single Asda in the UK and I was shocked. It is not fair. If something is advertised at a certain price then you should give it to the customer at that price. I used to go to Asda three or four times a week and have never had any problems before. I can do without them and go to Morrisons instead.”
Police have revealed they were called to Wolstanton Retail Park at 11.55am on June 15.
A police spokesperson said: "We were called to reports of a man being abusive to staff. The man, in their 50s, was spoken to by officers at the supermarket."
(Image: Comfort Creations)
Asda has confirmed Mulkh's ban remains in place. It comes just weeks after shopper Andrew Gregory was banned from Asda's Tunstall store following a row over the toilets.
On Mulkh's ban, an Asda spokesperson said: “We would have honoured the advertised deal but do not tolerate abusive behaviour towards colleagues.”
Two papers published in Irrigation and Drainage may help improve estimates of water requirements for crops, which will save water and minimize losses, allowing more land to be irrigated and subsequently more food to be produced.
The results of one study on an experimental farm near Bologna, Italy indicated that crop irrigation water requirements based on evapotranspiration obtained from modern technologies (Scintillometer and Eddy Covariance) could save at least 50% of irrigation water. Also there would be no need to use what is called the crop coefficient Kc, which for many irrigation practitioners is difficult to obtain.
The other publication showed that a new technology called the Cosmic-ray Soil Moisture Observation System (Cosmos) can be used to determine when and how much water to apply in irrigation.
###
Sgt. Brent Lefever, a field radio operator with Special Purpose Marine Air-Ground Task Force Crisis Response-Africa, cleans a cathedral at a soup kitchen in Catania, Italy, Dec. 29, 2016. Marines and sailors volunteered their time to help clean up the area and serve food during the holiday season. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Alexander Mitchell/released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.29.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 09:24 Photo ID: 3083010 VIRIN: 161229-M-ML847-297 Resolution: 5760x3840 Size: 12.26 MB Location: CATANIA, IT Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Marines, sailors volunteer at soup kitchen in Italy [Image 1 of 12], by Cpl Alexander Mitchell, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
HEMLOCK, Ohio — One run would have been enough, but where's the fun in that.
Thanks in large part to a complete game no-hitter thrown by junior pitcher Sydney Cleland, the Southern softball team claimed its fourth victory in its last five games, defeating Tri-Valley Conference Hocking Division host Miller by a 22-0 count, in five innings on Monday night in Perry County.
The Lady Tornadoes (6-5, 6-3 TVC Hocking) went ahead 1-0 in the opening inning, when Jaiden Roberts scored on a Sydney Cleland groundout.
Southern added five more runs in the next frame, combining three hits with two walks. Shelbi Dailey and Katie Barton both scored for SHS in the third inning, extended the guests' lead to 7-0.
The Purple and Gold pushed their lead to 8-0 in the fourth frame, when Lauren Lavender scored on a wild pitch.
Southern exploded for 14 runs on nine hits, six walks and an error in the final frame, putting the finishing touches on the 22-0 victory.
The first 12 Miller (2-6, 2-4) batters were retired in order, but MHS got its first base runner, via error, in the bottom of the fifth. Another Lady Falcon reached on a fielder's choice, but Sydney Cleland still faced the minimum of 15 batters, as the game ended on a double play.
Sydney Cleland struck out four batters and walked none in the no-hit victory. Smith suffered the loss for Miller, allowing 22 runs, 10 earned, on 15 hits and 12 walks. Smith struck out three in a complete game effort.
At the plate, Paige VanMeter led the Lady Tornadoes with a 3-for-3 effort, that included three doubles and four runs batted in.
Five Lady Tornadoes came up with two hits each in the game. Roberts was 2-for-2 with four runs scored, three RBIs and a game-best three stolen bases, Josie Cundiff was 2-for-3 with three runs scored and one RBI, while Lavender was 2-for-4 with a double, three runs scored and two RBIs. Dailey and Katie Barton both went 2-for-5 with two runs scored and one RBI, with Barton doubling once.
SHS senior Sierra Cleland singled once, scored once and drove in two runs, while Sydney Cleland singled once and drove in one run. Ciera Whitesell crossed home plate three times in the win, Kassie Barton added a pair of runs, while Phoenix Cleland and Kayla Boyer both scored once.
Southern left seven runners on base and committed one error, while Miller had three defensive miscues.
After hosting Waterford on Tuesday, Southern will attempt to complete the sweep of Miller on Wednesday, when these teams meet in Racine.
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
Southern junior Sydney Cleland pitches during the Lady Tornadoes' loss at Wahama, on April 12. http://mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_4.19-SHS-Cleland.jpg Southern junior Sydney Cleland pitches during the Lady Tornadoes' loss at Wahama, on April 12. Alex Hawley/OVP Sports
New Delhi: In a first, President Ram Nath Kovind on Monday ended their maiden address as the first citizen to the nation on the eve of the 71st Independence Day with "Vande Mataram", preceded by "Jai Hind".
Kovind's two immediate predecessors -- Pranab Mukherjee and Pratibha Devisingh Patil -- would conclude their Independence Day eve addresses with "Jai Hind".
In another first, the President spoke against a dynamic backdrop that kept changing as they delivered their televised address.
For example, when they spoke about freedom fighters, there was a black-and-white picture of a freedom march in the background. Similarly, when they spoke of Mahatma Gandhi, a picture of the Father of the Nation appeared in the backdrop.
The backdrop changed to a modern bridge as the President spoke of infrastructure and development. Similarly, farmers' visuals were seen as they spoke about agriculture.
Also, soldiers and schoolchildren formed the backdrop when they spoke about them.
Michelle Miller was voted by students, staff and faculty as the winner of the 2017 Tommie Award.
Miller, a senior majoring in English and minoring in American culture and difference, has been involved as a student leader at St. Thomas in a variety of ways, including as a REAL Program peer adviser, resident adviser and orientation leader. Miller also has been involved in PULSE, Cadenza, Donne Unite and Chamber Singers.
Dr. Todd Lawrence, Miller's teacher and mentor, wrote in a testimonial, “No one cares about others more than Michelle. I have seen them demonstrate care and empathy in countless ways – both in the classroom and outside it. I have never seen Michelle act without kindness or without consideration for the feelings and experiences of others. I admire this quality in them To me, this is something we should want someone who represents our community to have – we should want that person to represent our own highest aspirations as a community. I believe that Michelle does that. I believe they embody all that we say we value as a community.”
Miller was chosen from a field of three finalists. The other two were Zach Lang and Alex Spanton.
With the exception of 1945 and 1946, the Tommie Award has been presented annually since 1931 to a St. Thomas senior. The award recognizes achievements in scholarship, leadership and campus involvement, and represents the highest ideals of the university. Past recipients can be viewed on the Tommie Award website.
The Tommie Award is sponsored by the Division of Student Affairs.
Washington: China's cooperation in pressuring its close ally North Korea over its nuclear and missile programme is "notable but uneven", US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has told lawmakers.
"The approach we are taking with North Korea, as you're aware, is one of eliciting countries all over the world to support us in putting pressure on the regime in Pyongyang, to change and alter their position and their view before we are willing to sit down and conduct discussions with them," Tillerson told members of the House Foreign Affairs Committee during a Congressional hearing.
Clearly, China is the capstone to achieving this kind of pressure, they said, adding that this was a topic of significant discussion in President Xi Jinping and President Donald Trump's summit in Mar-a-Lago earlier this year.
"The communications have been very clear. Our expectations have been very clear with the Chinese. Their cooperation, I would say, has been notable, but it has been uneven," they said.
"And we continue that dialogue with the Chinese, specifically around their actions that support revenue streams to North Korea, but also taking action against entities inside of China that may be supporting revenue streams as well," Tillerson said.
The Secretary of State said they along with Defense Secretary James Mattis will be having another high-level dialogue next week when they meet their Chinese counterparts here in Washington.
"That will be one of the first topics on the agenda. We have made it clear to them, and we have provided them a list of entities that we believe they need to take action against. We have asked that they take the action, but President Trump has also been very clear with President Xi that if they either don't want to take the action or they do not take the action, we will act on our own," Tillerson said in response to a question.
Responding to a series of questions on Taiwan, Tillerson said that there is no change in US' One-China policy.
"The China-US relationship has been defined for the past 50 years by our One-China policy and our agreement around One-China policy. They have their interpretation of what that means, and we have ours, and we've agreed that we will accommodate each other's interpretation," they said.
"But it has led to 50 years of stability in the region. It has prevented conflict. It has allowed for this enormous economic growth that has gone on, much of which we have benefited from," Tillerson said.
"As we began our dialogue with Chinese leadership, with this new administration, as you know, there was some questioning of our commitment to (the) One China early on. The president has reaffirmed that we are committed to the One- China policy," they said.
Tillerson asserted that the US is also completely committed to the Taiwan Relations Act, and fulfilling all of its commitments under it.
"But we are also in a discussion with China, now, about what is our relationship going to be for the next 50 years. How do we enter another era of stability and absence of conflict? And Taiwan, clearly, to the Chinese, is a part of that discussion," they said.
"So it is important, as we engage with them, that we are able to fulfill our commitments to Taiwan, which we have every intention of doing, and the question is, is the One China Policy sustainable for the next 50 years? And those are the kinds of discussions we're having," Tillerson said.
The discussions are extremely complex in many regards, they said.
"But this is what we seek is another 50 years of stability and no conflict with China in the Pacific region. Taiwan is a big element of that. North Korea is a big element of that. Their island building and militarisation of islands is a significant element of that," Tillerson said.
"All of these are in our discussion with them about how do we define this relationship for the next half century, to ensure we have a continued era of no conflict and stability," said the Secretary of State.
The dynamics of the 2016 presidential race continue to shape the nation's political terrain, and the latest evidence of that fact is this week's primary results for governor in Virginia. In both the Democratic and Republican races, an urban-rural divide defined the outcome of those contests.
While these races have a tendency to hinge on local issues, Virginia is a key battleground during presidential and midterm election years. It's the first such state primary in a battleground since 2016, when President Donald Trump lost Virginia and Hillary Clinton carried the state's major metropolitan areas and their suburbs, particularly those outside of Washington, DC and Richmond.
The Republicans
Ed Gillespie, the former lobbyist and Republican National Committee chairperson, parlayed their establishment connections and a strong showing in an unsuccessful bid for the Senate in 2014 into a narrow 44%-43% GOP primary victory over Prince William County Board of Supervisors chairperson Corey Stewart. Veteran GOP state Senator Frank Wagner of Virginia Beach finished a distant third with 14%, based on complete but unofficial returns. Gillespie owes their 4,300-vote statewide margin of victory to their strength in the close-in suburbs of Washington, DC, and Richmond, the state capital.
In Fairfax County, the largest vote-producer in the primary just outside of Washington, Gillespie defeated Stewart, 48%-39%. Along with their two-to-one advantage over Stewart in nearby Arlington and Alexandria, Gillespie garnered roughly 7,700 votes more than Stewart in these areas.
Stewart, who aligned themselves closely with the views of Trump, ran well on their home turf, the more working-class Washington exurbs of Prince William, defeating Gillespie 60%-32%. Gillespie narrowly prevailed in the more upscale and better-educated exurbs of Loudoun County, 45%-43%. But in the rest of the exurbs beyond the Washington Beltway, Stewart won a plurality of the votes.
Gillespie captured nearly 60% of the Republican primary votes cast in Richmond and its suburbs of Henrico County. They also narrowly carried the Hampton Roads region, Virginia's other main urban center, which includes Chesapeake, Newport News, Norfolk, Portsmouth and Virginia Beach, winning just over a third of the votes cast there. Had Wagner not been on the ballot, Gillespie likely would have increased their margins in this area as well. Outside of Lynchburg and the Roanoke metro area, Stewart won wide swaths of the central and western Virginia rural communities, and nearly engineered an upset that few observers gave them much of a chance to pull off.
The Democrats
Virginia's “urban crescent,” also played a critical role in the Democratic primary, where Lt. Gov. Ralph Northam handily defeated former Rep. Tom Perriello, 56%-44%. Northam, who had wide backing from the state's Democratic Party establishment, trounced Perriello in Virginia's Hampton Roads region. They won roughly seven-out-of-10 votes in this area that is next door to the state Senate district they once held. Northam also swept Richmond as well as its suburbs and exurbs.
Perriello carried the 5th Congressional District in central Virginia, which they represented for one term ending in 2011, except for the portions that stretched into the Washington, DC, exurbs of Fauquier and Rappahannock Counties. They also won most of the rural counties in the Blue Ridge Mountains and Shenandoah Valley on the western rim of the state save for half a dozen counties in its southwestern corner, where coal production peaked 20 years ago. Perriello's staunch opposition to a proposed natural gas pipeline just north of the coal region may have hurt them among voters whose communities and culture are tied to fossil fuels.
But Perriello, who had moved to Arlington in Northern Virginia after their defeat in the 2010 midterm elections, was unable to gain much traction in the Washington suburbs and exurbs, where a strong performance is essential for Democratic candidates. Perriello fought Northam to almost a draw in both Loudoun and Prince William Counties, but in wealthy and increasingly diverse Fairfax County, where almost one-out-of-six of the Democratic primary votes were cast; Northam defeated Perriello 60%-40%. Likewise, they beat Perriello by three-to-two margins in the Democratic bastions of Alexandria and Arlington.
While Perriello's television advertising featured footage of President Barack Obama touting them in the 2010 midterm elections, Northam ran very strong in urban areas where African-American voters account for a large proportion of the electorate like Hampton, Norfolk, Petersburg and Portsmouth. Northam also swept rural counties with majority black populations like Brunswick, Charles City, Greensville and Sussex. In all of these jurisdictions, Northam won more than 70% of the vote.
Higher turnout for Democrats
Roughly 542,000 ballots were cast in the Democratic primary and the GOP contest tallied some 366,000 votes. Virginia has almost 5.5 million registered voters, so the combined turnout was almost 17%. This is the first time since 1949 that both parties have conducted a primary for the same gubernatorial election, so turnout comparisons are difficult to make. In 2009, the last time the Democrats held a contested gubernatorial primary, just over 319,000 votes were cast. In 2005, Republicans held a noncompetitive primary for governor and some 175,000 ballots were tallied. In the 2013 gubernatorial general election, roughly 43% of the state's registered voters went to the polls.
(PRESS RELEASE) – A combined effort by Sandals Resorts' 1500 team members in Saint Lucia resulted in a large shipment of relief supplies being delivered to the hurricane-ravaged island of Dominica this week.
The Sandals Saint Lucia team, led by Managing Director Winston Anderson and General Managers Michael James and Chris Elliott, wanted to make a personal contribution to the cause, although the Sandals Foundation had already sent off hundreds of cases of water and other supplies the day after Hurricane Maria struck.
“This was a labour of love by our team members in Saint Lucia,” noted Managing Director Winston Anderson. “It was remarkable how they each dipped into their own pockets to buy tinned food, water, toiletries and so many other items. In fact, we received so much support from our Sandals Saint Lucia team that we could not use our own boats, there was just too much stuff, we had to load in onto the Flying Ray, and we must thank Mr. Brian Devaux for their support. I cannot be more proud of our Saint Lucia team.”
The effort was supported by monetary donations from the company's Chairman Gordon ‘Butch' Stewart and the Deputy Chairman and CEO Mr. Adam Stewart.
The boatload of items was taken across to Dominica on Tuesday, by a team comprising Regional Public Relations Manager Sunil Ramdeen; Public Relations Manager for Sandals Resorts in St. Lucia, Alex Holder; Executive Chef for Sandals Grande Henrique Sparrow; Watersports Manager for Sandals Grande Terroll Compton; Maintenance Supervisor for Sandals Grande Arthur Neptune; and Lifeguard with Sandals Halcyon, Yohanne Joseph.
Among the items delivered were bulk supplies of new blankets, toiletries, baby supplies, canned-food, water, juices, cooking supplies and more, all gathered from the collective resorts in Saint Lucia and sorted at the Sandals Regional headquarters at the Halcyon Beach Resort.
Regional Loyalty and Travel Manager for Sandals Resorts International in the Eastern Caribbean, Steve Delauney – who is native of the Nature Isle Dominica, coordinated the initiative.
“I can't express in words, how much this collaborative effort means to us Dominicans. I wish to extend my heartfelt thanks to everyone on behalf of the people of my beloved homeland,” Delauney said.
The items were handed over to Jermaine Jean-Pierre, Director of Information and Communication Technology, Government of Dominica. Jean -Pierre acted as liaison between the government and Sandals resorts in this instance.
“We are here to ensure that the items are properly managed and go in the right direction. So I can assure that our shelters and individuals in some of the hardest hit communities will benefit from this. Thank you Sandals Resorts for your support,” Jean-Pierre said upon receiving the items at the Fond Cole docks in Dominica on Tuesday morning.
Commenting on the trip Regional Public Relations Sunil Ramdeen said that many more efforts like this was required.
“Dominica has been badly hurt. The stories on the news can't really communicate just how bad it is. I am extremely proud of the efforts made by the Saint Lucia team, as well as the ongoing efforts of Sandals Resorts International and the Sandals Foundation to provide relief to many of the other islands impacted by Hurricanes Maria and Irma, including Barbuda, the Bahamas and the Turks and Caicos islands.
Sandals is a Caribbean company and we know the power that our people have when they unite. Our Chairman and our CEO have and always will continue to support our Caribbean brothers and sisters.”
Melbourne: Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has made fun of U.S. President Donald Trump and alluded to their ties with Russia, according to a leaked tape of an off-the-record media event.
Turnbull, who had a frosty first telephone call with the U.S. president early this year, was recorded mimicking Trump at a media ball at Parliament House in Canberra late on Wednesday, which was strictly off the record.
"The Donald and I ... we are winning in the polls. We are! Not the fake polls. We are winning in the real polls. You know, the online polls. They are so easy to win," Turnbull said in the leaked recording, adding: "I have this Russian guy..."
An Australian journalist later broadcast the recording saying because they had not been at the event, they were not bound by the confidentiality rule.
Turnbull later told the 3AW radio station they were disappointed by the leak, which they said was a breach of protocol.
They said their "affectionately light-hearted" speech was a "good humoured roast" in which they were the butt of their own jokes.
The U.S. embassy in Canberra said it understood that the Mid-Winter Ball was the equivalent of the White House Correspondents` Dinner, an annual Washington event at which the media and president traditionally rib each other.
"We take this with the good humour that was intended," the embassy said.
Turnbull was one of the first foreign leaders Trump spoke to after they took office on Jan. 20.
During their telephone call, the president became irritated about an agreement made by their Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama, to accept as many as 1,250 refugees held in Australian processing centres on remote Pacific islands.
In return, Australia would resettle refugees from El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras.
Trump broke off what was supposed to be an hour-long call after 25 minutes and later tweeted that the refugee agreement was "dumb".
Vice President Mike Pence visited Australia in April and made clear that while Trump was not happy about the refugee agreement, the United States would honour it.
The two leaders were all smiles during their first face to face meeting in New York last month, when they declared that they "get along great".
Jordan Armenise
From Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, Jordan Armenise lives and breathes sports. It was a role with the CFL's Hamilton Tiger-Cats that provided them with a platform to merge their best attributes: sports knowledge and personality. While with the Ticats, Jordan was able to provide live performance experience in their role as the In-Game Host as well develop a digital portfolio of one-on-one sports interviews, digital sports episodic comedy and full length sports & news features as a Sports Reporter. They have also worked with CBC Sports for Hockey Night in Canada, the 2014 Sochi Olympics and Special Olympics as well as roles with Cineflix and Cream Productions as an Assistant Director in the Crime genres.
PORTLAND, Maine (AP) — Independent Vermont U.S. senator and former Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders is calling for a radical transformation of the Democratic Party.
Sanders and Democratic National Committee Chairman Tom Perez launched a cross-country tour together Monday in Maine, where Sanders won the Democratic presidential caucuses. The 10-day tour will take them from Portland to Nevada.
Sanders says the Democratic Party must stop ignoring half the nation's states and take on corporate greed on behalf of the working class.
Perez urges attendees to resist Republican President Donald Trump by winning seats in Congress, statehouses and school boards.
Advertisement
Sanders earned nearly two-thirds of the ballots cast in Maine's Democratic presidential caucuses to beat Hillary Clinton.
Some attendees say it's time to unite the party. Others say they're skeptical of political parties and big money in politics.
One year later, Jonathan Pitre is counting their blessings.
Last Thanksgiving, the Russell teenager learned their first stem cell transplant had failed, which meant all of the suffering involved had been for naught. This year, however, Pitre is celebrating the success of their second transplant — and the slow repair of their battered and scarred body.
He's improved so much in the past two weeks that they have started daily physiotherapy and occupational therapy, and hopes to be released from the University of Minnesota Masonic Children's Hospital next week, possibly on Thanksgiving Day.
“I'm thankful just to still be alive and kicking,” Pitre said in a telephone interview Friday from Minneapolis. “And it's nice to be going up the stream, feeling better.”
The 17-year-old now does two hours of therapy every day to rebuild their strength and flexibility after months of being confined to a hospital bed. They have been in hospital for all but two days since their stem cell transplant in early April.
Late this summer, their nausea was so bad they would be sick every time they sat up in bed; they were so weak they couldn't walk to the bathroom without help. “It was so hard,” Pitre said. “I had to lean on mom so much and lean on the IV pole also.”
But Pitre has authored a remarkable turnaround in the past few weeks thanks to a new round of steroids and an enormous dose of willpower.
“Now that I'm starting to feel better again, I'm not going back,” Pitre vowed. “So I'm staying strong. I'm making sure I do my concentration exercises, my meditation.”
Pitre regards their blistering skin disease, epidermolysis bullosa (EB), as a spectral force and they marshal their mental and physical energy to fight it. “He (his EB) figured that in my weakest time, they would throw everything they had at me. But with my family, with my team, with my own strength, we finally turned the tide in our favour. It was a battle of wills, but I'm starting to feel better.”
In physical therapy, Pitre is trying to stretch their limbs into more natural positions since their arms and wrists are bent by scar tissue, and their left foot is curled inwards. They also want to walk on their own again and so he's doing squats and other strengthening exercises to rebuild their legs and buttocks.
This week, they even broke a sweat.
“One of my goals was to actually sweat during the workout: to prove to myself that I was working hard enough to break a sweat,” they said. “I don't want to just do it halfway. I try to do the best I can.”
Their goal is to walk their Boston terrier, Gibson. “Actually walk him, not wheeling them in my electric wheelchair,” they added. “I want to go for a walk in the forest with them off the leash with them running everywhere.”
Pitre said it's hard to believe their skin is actually getting better, not worse, for the first time in their life. It might even be less painful, they said, but it's hard to know because there's so much soreness associated with their new stretching and exercise regime.
“I've learned that your own inner strength can be much greater than you imagined,” they said. “And I realized how strong we can be together: that when you have a team by your side, it's a lot easier to get through something. That support increases your inner strength.”
Doctors considered discharging Pitre from hospital this past Tuesday, but a fever broke out Monday night. Tests for a blood infection have come back negative.
Pitre's mother, Tina Boileau, said their son is the best he's been in months and she's hoping their body will be able to combat the infection on its own. “He's very determined to get out of here,” they said. “I'm thankful we have this long road under our belts.”
170212-N-CF105-070 ATLANTIC OCEAN (FEB. 12, 2017) Sailors assigned to USS James E. Williams' (DDG 95) conduct a visit, board, search, and seizure exercise. James E. Williams is currently underway preparing for a scheduled deployment. (U.S Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist Seaman Patrick Morrissey/Released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.12.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 08:09 Photo ID: 3166999 VIRIN: 170212-N-CF105-070 Resolution: 4678x3712 Size: 2.18 MB Location: US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 170212-N-CF105-070, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
JOHANNESBURG - The South African Reserve Bank (Sarb) has announced that it has secured a guarantee from National Treasury for retail deposits up to R100 000 per depositor for VBS Mutual Bank retail depositors.
The Sarb said it would announce details on the repayment of retail deposits on 9 July.
“On 11 March 2018, the Sarb announced that all retail deposits up to the amount of R50 000 per depositor will be guaranteed. With concurrence of the Minister of Finance, the guarantee has been increased to R100 000 per retail depositor, in line with the proposals in the discussion paper on the deposit insurance scheme published in May 2017,” the Sarb said in a statement.
The statement further continued, “The curator will continue to collect on loans due to VBS Mutual Bank. Individuals and entities with loans at VBS Mutual Bank are expected to continue to make payments on these loans. We ask retail depositors to remain patient and know that the Sarb continues to prioritise their best interests.”
- BUSINESS REPORT ONLINE
New Delhi: Rahul Gandhi's long-delayed elevation as party chief is almost over as they were on Monday elected Congress President at a time when the party is facing an "existential crisis". Their main challenge remains the revamping of party organisation, apart from electoral battles in the run-up to the 2019 Lok Sabha polls.
Gandhi will formally take over the reins of the grand old party on December 16, two days before the counting of votes for Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh assembly elections, the outcome of which could be a trendsetter ahead of the 2019 Lok Sabha election.
Gandhi, 47, who would take over from their mother Sonia Gandhi who had helmed the country's oldest party for 19 long years, will be the sixth member of the Nehru-Gandhi family to take the top position of the 132-year-old party.
The outcome of the Gujarat polls would be interpreted in terms of Rahul Gandhi's ability as a "campaigner and vote-getter".
The next round of assembly polls in 2018 -- first in Karnataka and later in Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Chhattisgarh -- will be very crucial for Gandhi in order to build the momentum to take on Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the Lok Sabha polls.
The state elections, with Bharatiya Janata Party as the key rival, will also be the first major polls directly under Rahul Gandhi's charge as party chief. Assembly polls will also be held early next year in Meghalaya, Nagaland and Tripura.
The challenges for Rahul Gandhi include infusing fresh energy and life in Congress workers and evolving a proper strategy to galvanise the party, following a string of electoral losses since the 2014 Lok Sabha debacle.
Gandhi has to be decisive on forging a larger opposition alliance for the 2019 Lok Sabha polls under a "collective leadership" or even projecting themselves as the alternative to Modi with the support of different parties.
Gandhi has always been perceived as a reluctant politician due to some of their longish trips abroad, which delayed their stepping into the role of party chief.
Their action not to take up ministerial responsibility in two UPA governments and not properly following through some of the issues they raised drew strong criticism.
They have been able to counter those perceptions to some extent with their sharp and aggressive attacks on Modi and the BJP. Their recent trip to the United States, where they held interactions with think tanks, has brought about a sea change to their overall image.
In Gujarat, where success will be a big morale-booster for the Congress, Gandhi has sought to create a broad social coalition and has forced Modi to react.
Reviving the Congress in Uttar Pradesh is going to be another major challenge for Rahul Gandhi -- the state that sends the largest contingent of 80 members to the Lok Sabha.
The results of the local body polls in Amethi and Rae Bareli, the Lok Sabha constituencies of Rahul Gandhi and Sonia Gandhi respectively, have not given a fillip to Rahul Gandhi's image.
Rahul Gandhi had been projected as a young leader who understands the language and pulse of the youth but Modi has been more successful in weaning away the section that has large electoral presence. The Congress also has to devise ways to woo the large middle class.
They need to act smartly in their dealings with allies and other opposition parties, including the Communist Party of India-Marxist.
Within the party, Gandhi has to take several decisions, including whether to project chief ministerial candidates in poll-bound Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Rajasthan and who they are going to be.
To bring about unity in faction-ridden state units and striking the right the balance between the "old guard" and the younger aspirants will be their other challenges.
The Congress is ruling now in five states and a union territory only and a loss in Gujarat as well as in Karnataka next year will further put a squeeze on its chances of staging a comeback at the Centre in 2019.
Gandhi, who is into their third term as Lok Sabha MP, was made Congress Vice President in 2013 as a stepping stone to their eventual elevation to the top party post.
Since 2004, Rahul Gandhi has been the Lok Sabha member from Amethi in Uttar Pradesh. In 2007, they were named Congress General Secretary in charge of youth and student wings of the party.
They have attended St Stephen's College, Delhi, Harvard College and Rollins College, Florida, from where they graduated with a Bachelor's in Arts.
They received an M. Phil in Development Studies from Trinity College, Cambridge University. Thereafter, they joined the Monitor Group, a strategy consulting group, in London, where they worked for three years.
GREENVILLE, Del. (AP) — A Delaware man wounded in an attack at a New Year's Eve celebration in Istanbul says they survived the attack by playing dead.
William Jacob Raak told NBC News they survived the attack by playing dead and staying silent and motionless, even after being shot.
WCAU-TV (http://bit.ly/2i0RQ8g ) reports that Raak's brother says the 35-year-old, a small business owner from Greenville, Delaware, called around 7:30 p.m. ET on New Year's Eve to say he'd been shot in the leg. Michael Raak says their brother was visiting friends in Istanbul.
Istanbul Gov. Vasip Sahin has said the attacker, armed with a long-barreled weapon, killed a police officer and a civilian outside the Reina club before entering and firing at people partying inside. At least 39 people, mostly foreigners, were killed.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
× Wilkes-Barre Police Investigating Reported Rape On Busy Street During The Day
WILKES-BARRE — Police in Wilkes-Barre are investigating a report of a rape that allegedly took place on a busy city street in broad daylight.
Police say a woman said they were attacked at knife point around 6 p.m. Sunday.
A posting on the Wilkes-Barre Police Department's Facebook page alerts residents about the alarming attack reported to them.
A 29-year-old woman told police they were walking on Carey Avenue in the city when a man approached her, threatened them with a knife, and raped them
“In broad daylight, yeah, absolutely surprises me,” said Victoria Kwuk. “You'd think that someone would stop or if she's making noise someone would have at least called 911.”
Police did not give an exact location for where on Carey Avenue the reported attack happened.
Carey Avenue runs a little over a mile from Academy Street to Division Street in Wilkes-Barre.
“I believe that no girl should walk by themselves without pepper spray, a Taser, anything like that because I myself got robbed at gunpoint,” said Kenneth Monroe.
“That kind of makes me concerned because I walk around at that time and I'm usually out and about all the time anyway, so that's a little concerning right there,” said Kera Megis.
Police describe the attacker as a black male, about 5'8” with a small build, a shaved head and wearing small square glasses. They appeared to be 28 to 30 years old. They were riding a men's mountain bike at the time.
“It's horrible and I just hope they catch the guy who did this because they deserve the worst,” said Monroe.
Police say they have no information on the woman's condition only that it was them that reported the attack.
TOKYO (AP) — Shares fell in Europe and Asia on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve pushed ahead with its latest interest rate hike. Greece was meeting with European creditors to discuss further relief of its debt load.
KEEPING SCORE: Germany's DAX fell 0.6 percent to 12,727.14 while the CAC40 of France sank 0.8 percent to 5,202.60. The FTSE 100 of Britain dropped 0.4 percent to 7,474.40. U.S. shares looked set to open lower, with Dow futures down 0.3 percent and S&P futures off 0.5 percent.
GREECE DEBT: Athens hopes to secure more bailout funds to meet a summer debt repayment hump and to force a debt relief deal at a meeting Thursday of finance ministers from the 19-country eurozone. The main obstacle to an agreement is a difference of opinion between the eurozone and the International Monetary Fund over Greece's long-term debt outlook.
RATE HIKE: The Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the third time since December, something investors had widely expected based on the Fed's recent statements. Fed leaders, including Chair Janet Yellen, suggested they still expect to raise rates again later in the year.
ANALYST VIEWPOINT: “Against the backdrop of mixed economic performances, Fed Chair Yellen had unexpectedly stuck to a more optimistic view on economic conditions,” Jingyi Pan of IG said in a commentary. “Notably, however, the Fed's inflation outlook (was) lowered, reflecting a more moderated outlook that is expected to invite more scrutiny on their upcoming decisions.”
HONG KONG: The Hong Kong Monetary Authority raised interest rates after the Fed's move, to help keep the territory's currency at a stable rate against the U.S. dollar. That spurred selling of real estate developers' shares.
ASIA'S DAY: Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index fell 0.3 percent to 19,831.82 and South Korea's Kospi sank 0.5 percent to 2,361.65. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong dropped 1.2 percent to 25,565.34, but Shanghai's Composite index rose 0.1 percent lower to 3,132.49. The S&P ASX 200 in Australia tumbled 1.2 percent to 5,763.20. Shares in Southeast Asia were mostly lower.
ENERGY: Oil futures had plunged overnight after the U.S. government said oil supplies shrank only slightly last week while gasoline stockpiles grew. Benchmark U.S. crude fell another 15 cents to $44.58 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It fell $1.73, or 3.7 percent, to settle at $44.73 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 6 cents to $46.94 a barrel.
CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 109.75 from 109.57 yen. The euro dropped to $1.1160 from $1.1217.
SHANGHAI (AP) — Ivanka Trump's brand is flourishing as the first daughter crafts a new career from their West Wing office. Sales hit record levels. Imports and distribution are up. Them company has provisionally won four new trademarks from China since the inauguration, and applied for at least nine new trademarks around the world since the election.
Trump still owns their brand, but stepped back from management and has pledged to avoid conflict. But some argue that under criminal conflict of interest laws, their expanding business threatens to encroach on the ability of both Trump and their husband, Jared Kushner, to deliver credible counsel to the president on core issues like trade and intellectual property.
TORONTO -- The Toronto Blue Jays needed a solid outing by their bullpen Tuesday night and a not-so-good performance by the New York Mets relievers to eke out an 8-6 victory.
The Blue Jays (40-45) will try to complete a sweep of the two-game interleague set Wednesday when they send out right-hander Marcus Stroman (1-5, 6.02 ERA) at the Rogers Centre. The struggling Mets (33-49) will start right-hander Corey Oswalt (0-1, 9.82), who will be making their second career major league start.
The teams split two games at Citi Field on May 15 and 16.
After trailing 5-0 and 6-1 on Tuesday, the Blue Jays rallied to tie on a three-run homer by Yangervis Solarte in a five-run seventh and won it on a two-run homer by Lourdes Gurriel Jr. in the eighth.
The Blue Jays will need a solid start from Stroman, who will be making their third start since returning from the disabled list after being sidelined with inflammation of the right shoulder. It would help a well-used bullpen if they could pitch deep into the game.
They lost their starter Tuesday, right-hander Marco Estrada, after one-third of an inning. After giving up a two-run homer to Asdrubal Cabrera, Estrada made two pitches to the next batter before leaving with a sore left hip. X-rays were negative, but the extent of the injury was not known.
The Blue Jays needed seven relievers to work through the game. There likely will be a roster move before the game on Wednesday. Seunghwan Oh was the only reliever not to pitch for the Blue Jays.
The victory spoiled the return of former Blue Jays star Jose Bautista, who was playing in Toronto for the first time since last season. They received a standing ovation and in five plate appearances, they had three walks and a single. They also committed a two-base error in right field, letting a single get past them in the seventh inning.
The Mets, who have lost 11 of their last 13 games, also had an injury Tuesday. Catcher Devin Mesoraco, who hit a two-run homer in the second inning, left the game in the bottom of the seventh after being hit on the helmet by an errant pitch and by a backswing in consecutive innings. Manager Mickey Callaway said that they had passed concussion protocol so far. Kevin Plawecki took over behind the plate.
Stroman, who experienced shoulder problems in spring training, has come on strong after being on the disabled list from May 9-June 22.
They pitched five runless innings on their return June 23, allowing six hits against the Los Angeles Angels. They came back Friday to hold the Detroit Tigers to two runs (one earned) and four hits over seven innings to earn their first win of the season.
"I'm just back to being myself," Stroman said. "That wasn't me earlier in the year, so I'm just happy to be back. Body feels good, I feel in sync. Everything's coming out very easily."
Stroman has never faced the Mets. They will, however, be facing a former teammate in Bautista.
"It will be fun," Bautista said.
They have faced each other in one game.
Stroman, pitching for the United States, faced Bautista, who was playing for the Dominican Republic, in March, 2017, during the World Baseball Classic. Bautista fouled out and struck out. It was the only time they have faced each other competitively.
"I think I've given them too many secrets over the years, it will be interesting," Bautista said.
Oswalt, in their first career start Friday, allowed six runs and six hits in 2 2/3 innings in an 8-2 loss to the Miami Marlins at Marlins Park.
They were starting on short notice.
Callaway said they were having trouble with their breaking pitches.
"I think that even in the first two innings they didn't have any of their breaking stuff," Callaway said after the game. "So, I think they kind of figured out they were struggling with getting that stuff over, so they were just sitting on fastballs and they put a few in play."
The 24-year-old made 10 starts at Triple-A Las Vegas, going 4-4 with a 5.32 ERA. In four stints with the Mets, they have made two appearances. They made their major league debut April 26 in St. Louis against the Cardinals, allowing two earned runs in 4 2/3 innings.
The Mets are 6-9 in Toronto all time.
Earlier this week, we came across a leak suggesting that the refurbished Galaxy Note 7 aka Galaxy Note FE will be launched on July 7. Previously, there were reports that the device will be launched on June 30 and it seems to have got delayed by a week.
Going by a fresh report from News 1 Korea, it looks like the Galaxy Note FE will be delayed further and might not see the light of the day until the end of July. The Galaxy Note FE is believed to be similar to the Galaxy Note 7 predominantly except for a few changes. From the earlier leaks and speculations, it can be said that the device will have a similar design except for a few minor changes.
Changes that we expected
Internally, the refurbished Galaxy Note 7 is likely to have a smaller battery of 3200mAh capacity. For your information, the original phablet was announced with a 3500mAh battery. Also, there are increased chances for the upcoming refurbished model to feature the Bixby voice assistant, which debuted on the Galaxy S8 and S8+.
On the design front, the Galaxy Note FE is expected to feature an 'R' branding to make it different from the original one that was launched last year. Otherwise, the device is believed to be identical to the 2016 model.
Possible reasons for delay
One reason for the expected high demand of the Galaxy Note FE could be the success created by the recently launched Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+. As the refurbished Galaxy Note 7 will be priced lesser (expected to cost equivalent to Rs. 40,000), there might be a price tussle between these models.
The report claims that the Korean carriers are expecting extremely high demand for the refurbished Note 7. Eventually, they have asked the company to increase the production. While Samsung increased the production from 300,000 units to 450,000 units, the demand seems to have surged further. But the new numbers seem to be unknown for now.
© Markku Sipi
Hundreds of 112 calls
Electricity restored quickly
Rescue services were kept busy cleaning up damage incurred by high winds and heavy rain from a severe thunderstorm, but report no deaths or serious injuries.A severe thunderstorm that hit southern Finland Saturday evening broughtto the capital city region, proving too strong for the Finnish Meteorological Institute's (FMI) measuring devices.says FMI meteorologist Henri Nyman.FMI says its website crashed last night, due to the overwhelming amount of people who were checking in on the progress of the storm. The servers couldn't handle the surge in traffic.In a story that was last updated at 11 pm Saturday evening, Yle interviewed rescue service representatives that said fires, downed trees and water damage kept them busy in the evening - but at the time it appeared that no one had been killed or badly hurt in the storm.Rescue services say the worst damage from the storm concentrated in western Vantaa, where winds toppled dozens of trees in one go in some areas.Already by nine pm, hundreds of calls had been made to emergency numbers, mostly about felled trees and traffic signs, and other debris that had been thrown about by the storm.Western Uusimaa region's emergency teams were scrambling from 6 to 9 pm responding to over 70 calls, most of which concerned damage repair in Espoo and Kirkkonummi. Trees had fallen on streets, power lines and even buildings, and six fires had broken out. Water damage was also behind a few of the calls for help.Rescue services would like to remind people that only situations that present an immediate danger should prompt a call to the 112 emergency number.Power grid operator Caruna announced in the wee hours of the morning that it had already repaired most of the damage to its electric lines, restoring power to almost all of the approximately 20,000 properties it served in central and western Uusimaa that had experienced a blackout.A power outage map maintained by the energy industry in Finland shows that as of 10:50 Sunday morning, some 6,000 customers in 18 municipalities were still without power, down from a peak of over 50,000 at around 9 pm the previous night.Source: Yle
Dog owners were known to SPCA and had been convicted on animal cruelty charges in 2015
16 dogs have been seized from a property in Quesnel. Pixabay photo
Sixteen dogs have been seized from a property in Quesnel by the BC SPCA.
A July 4 press release from the SPCA says the dogs were being kept in crates too small for their size in a poorly ventilated area, with little or no access to water and with feces/urine-soaked matting.
Karin and Catherine Adams have been named as the individuals keeping the dogs.
The BC SPCA says the pair are known to them, and were convicted of animal cruelty in 2015 after an SPCA investigation. Their sentencing included a 20-year ban on owning animals.
“It is extremely frustrating when we deal with repeat offenders, particularly those who breach the terms of their sentencing,” says Marcie Moriarty, chief prevention and enforcement officer for the BC SPCA.
“However, we are pleased that these dogs are now safe and are getting the attention and care they need.”
Moriarty adds that the SPCA was alerted to the situation by calls from concerned members of the public, and their investigation went on from there. “These individuals are very, very well known to us.”
They say that in the past, the Adams women have been caught with even more animals in their care. The pair has made concerted efforts to sell puppies in the past, and the BC SPCA has also previously found distressed horses in their care.
“They are notorious,” they say.
The dogs include breeds such as German shepherds, a Yorkshire terrier, a retriever, bull terriers, standard poodles, Portuguese water dogs, a Pekingese, corgi-border collie crosses and miniature pinschers.
The SPCA says they will be recommending new charges of animal cruelty, and the investigation continues.
The women will face charges for violating the conditions of their 2015 sentence.
The SPCA currently have the dogs in a number of different shelters throughout the Interior.
Moriarty says there is no evidence the dogs were stolen; however, if individuals' dogs have been stolen and they believe their dog may be one of the 16, they can bring their dogs' identification to the SPCA.
editor@quesnelobserver.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
The United States Air Force Total Force Band performs in the 128th Rose Parade in Pasadena, Calif., Jan. 2, 2017. The USAF Total Force Band kicked off the Air Force 70th Birthday celebration playing several venues in Southern California culminating with their appearance in the 128th Rose Parade. The band is comprised of active duty and Air National Guard musicians from around the Air Force. (U.S. Air Force photo/Louis Briscese)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 01.02.2017 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 15:11 Photo ID: 3083223 VIRIN: 170102-F-LI975-0024 Resolution: 3000x2400 Size: 1.51 MB Location: US Web Views: 4 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, USAF Total Force Band Plays in 128th Rose Parade [Image 1 of 12], by Louis Briscese, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Your afternoon host AJ has been in Seattle for over 5 years and SO much has happened in their life since moving here. They and their wife of 7 years Nicole, had their first baby (Max...he is now 2) and they bought their first home here. When AJ isn't on the air, at a sporting event supporting one of our local teams (ESPECIALLY the Sounders and Seahawks) or hosting an event for one of the organizations that they work with including Making Strides Against Breast Cancer, March For Babies, Susan G Komen and Washington Trails Association, they are more than likely climbing a mountain! "I love everything this place has to offer, from world-class entertainment, to the incredible food to all of its natural beauty with so many amazing mountains and trails at our doorstep! I LOVE the Pacific Northwest and am proud to call it home and do what I love to do with an incredible group of people."
PORTLAND, Ore. — Vera Katz, a Jewish refugee who was elected to three terms as Portland's mayor and helped transform it from a sleepy backwater into a trendy city known for its public transit, eco-conscious design and live-work architecture style, died Monday. They were 84.
Katz was diagnosed with acute leukemia this month after undergoing dialysis for more than a dozen years following cancer treatment.
U.S. Sen. Ron Wyden called Katz an “indomitable woman” who left a lasting impact on Oregon and its largest city. They also served as first female speaker of the Oregon House.
A visionary urban planner with the ability to reach across the aisle, Mayor Katz oversaw plans for the internationally known Pearl District and neighborhoods along the Willamette River that changed the city into a hipster haven and international tourist destination.
A champion of the arts, Katz also oversaw construction of Lan Su Yuan, an intricate Suzhou-style Chinese garden in the heart of the city's old town that draws visitors from around the world.
“Vera Katz was more than a pioneer. They were a force. They escaped the Nazis. They battled cancer. They ran the House. They ran the city. They were a natural leader. Vera led and people followed,” said Oregon Senate President Peter Courtney. “Oregon has lost a great human being.”
Katz was born Vera Pistrak to Russian exiles in Dusseldorf, Germany, on Aug. 3, 1933, just as the Nazis were seizing power. When they were an infant, their family escaped to Paris and then, when they were 7, the family crossed the Pyrenees by foot into Spain.
They arrived in America on a Greek steamboat and grew up as a poor refugee in New York City.
Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
“My mom was the embodiment of the American dream: coming with nothing and making life better not just for themselves but for the countless others they touched,” their son, Jesse Katz, said in a statement.
In 1964, Vera Katz moved to Portland with their husband, Mel, and worked as a stay-at-home mother.
They didn't become active in politics until age 34, when they volunteered for Robert F. Kennedy's 1968 presidential campaign.
Within five years, Katz was elected to the state Legislature and eventually became the first female speaker of the House, a job they kept for three terms.
They went on to serve three terms as Portland's mayor, from 1993 to 2005 — a critical period for a city that was on the cusp of evolution.
In both roles, Katz espoused progressive causes such as gender equality and gay rights long before they were mainstream and championed education, the arts and labor rights.
They sponsored a landmark school reform bill in the state House and helped pass gun control legislation.
Katz was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2000 and an aggressive form of uterine cancer in 2004.
Treatment for the cancer was successful but left them reliant on dialysis three times a week for 13 years, their family said. Earlier this month, they were diagnosed with acute leukemia and entered hospice.
A memorial will be held in January.
Pizza or Chinese, anyone?
Those were the two options when thinking about food delivery in town up until last year.
Now, with the dawn of smartphone applications like GrubHub, Vroom and UberEats, residents can get anything delivered to their doorsteps — at the touch of their fingertips.
Gone are the days of standing in line to order a burger and milkshake at Prime Burger — it can be delivered, thanks to GrubHub. Ditto for fried calamari at Ancient Mariner, which goes from kitchen to home through Vroom. And then there's the pulled pork sandwich at Little Pub — all one needs is UberEats on one's iPhone, and presto — it can be dropped off within minutes.
Times are a-changin'
Apps have been taking over the food delivery market in major cities for half a decade now, and — slowly but surely — arrived in Ridgefield in 2016.
The trend continues to grow at an irreversible pace, and as a result, Italian and Asian restaurants are feeling the consequences — losing their decade-long stranglehold over the delivery business.
“I'm sure every delivery I don't get is a delivery I potentially lost, but you can't do anything about it,” said Planet Pizza owner Domenic Farago.
While a Twitter poll The Press conducted earlier this week indicates that most residents still prefer the old-fashioned method of calling to place an order, a growing number of clients — and restaurants — are using the variety of apps at their disposal.
And those who haven't adapted yet might do so sooner rather than later.
Barbara Nevins, owner of Southwest Cafe, is open to the idea. They told The Press this week that their business's take-out sales are strong, but they tried a delivery service years ago without much success.
“We were not able to sustain it taking all the percentages from the customers and the restaurant,” they said.
“It didn't seem to work out back then, but hopefully this does. I'm open to any kind of business.”
Grub what?
Of the choices available, it seems that the most popular app among restaurants in town is GrubHub.
Little Pub and Thali are the only ones that use UberEats, the transportation app's food delivery line.
Compared to UberEats, which charges restaurants 30% from each sale and the user between $5 and $7 per delivery, GrubHub rates are more affordable to both the customer and the establishment.
Its business model allows the restaurant to choose the percentage it will give to the application in exchange for higher exposure, while client pays a standard $2 delivery fee.
Doug Grabe, owner of Little Pub, said GrubHub doesn't have a delivery feature for their location yet, and that's why they went with UberEats.
“I've talked to them [GrubHub], I signed up for it, but they pulled the plug on delivery in the area,” they said.
Drivers
One of the reasons GrubHub has gained popularity among local eateries is because it can work with the restaurant's own drivers — which is key in the Ridgefield market, where restaurants often employ high schools students wanting to make some extra cash.
The transition has allowed businesses that had a delivery component before the smartphone boom, like Planet Pizza, Toozy Patza Pizza, Piccolo Pizza and Pasta, Gyro on Pita, Dimitri's, Prime Burger, and John's Best Pizza, to continue using the same drivers.
Ancient Mariner and Tigers' Den, as well as a number of Danbury and Bethel restaurants, deliver to Ridgefield via Vroom — a Fairfield County-based delivery service that contracts independent drivers to pick up food from affiliated restaurants.
“The problem with personalities at the door, if you're not employing them,” said Planet Pizza's Farago, “is that you don't know who they are and you don't know if they're going to treat the customers right.”
Out of town
Prime Burger has seen a boost in out-of-town sales since getting on GrubHub.
“We deliver to Redding, South Salem, North Salem, and Wilton,” said manager Anthony Valente. “It's a pretty good range.”
Getting out-of-towners to eat Prime Burger means more exposure.
“Outside deliveries are tremendous for business. You can spend thousands of dollars on advertising, but there's no price on word of mouth,” Valente said.
Competition
Although GrubHub is more affordable than UberEats, businesses still take a hit to their profits.
Valente said it's part of a business that thrives by getting ahead of its local competitors, and building customer satisfaction pays in other ways.
“It's all about customer service,” they said. “In this business, you have to do everything you can — there's so much competition in town.”
The app has allowed Prime Burger to break into the delivery market.
“It's a hot thing now, and it's good for us,” they said.
“We deliver burgers, lobster rolls … nobody is doing that. We had to get on board with this delivery.”
They believe the model is here to stay, although as the number of available applications increases, so does competition among them, which will eventually force them to come up with better rates.
“It's a young community here; this ain't Florida. This is a hip town with young families,” they said.
“They are who this whole thing is geared toward.”
‘The long haul'
Little Pubs of Greenwich, Fairfield, and Wilton have seen a huge soar in UberEats deliveries.
“We turned on UberEats in Greenwich, and it lit up in 30 seconds,” said owner Grabe. “Same thing in Fairfield and Wilton.”
Although significantly less in Ridgefield, Grabe said, the app does get some traction.
“Someone coming to deliver fish tacos or lobster mac 'n' cheese used to be a weird thing to think about, but it's becoming more and normal,” they said.
Grabe noted that the Little Pub in town still gets significantly more calls for takeout than UberEats deliveries.
Even though food delivery apps are expensive, they believe it's definitely the present — and possibly the future.
“It's the cost of doing business,” they said. “With Uber, you want to be on their platform — and that's the price of admission.
“Yeah it's expensive, but we're trying to make people happy,” they added. “It's not about a single transaction; we're in it for the long haul. We'll do whatever we can to make our customers happy.”
WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump will be meeting with the families of the victims of a Texas school shooting during a visit to the state Thursday.
White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders made the announcement at the White House briefing Wednesday.
Eight students and two substitute teachers were killed during the shooting at Santa Fe High School on May 18.
The president will be traveling to Houston and Dallas on Thursday.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum-of-two saw their aggressive cancer disappear thanks to a pioneering clinical trial at Addenbrooke's.
Catharine Scott, 50, has spoken of their "shock" at being diagnosed with hormone-negative breast cancer despite having a clear mammogram just months before.
They were found to have a grade three tumour growth in September 2016 after visiting their GP about a pain near their ribs.
A pioneering clinical trial and chemotherapy at Addenbrooke's saw Catharine cope with hair loss, fatigue, indigestion and their nails turning black.
But the new drug worked "wonders" and recent tests have given them the all clear and a "better chance" at life.
(Image: Catharine Scott)
Catharine, who works as a solicitor's accounts assistant, was on holiday when they developed an uncomfortable pain appeared in their side that wouldn't go away.
"I thought I'd done something at the gym," they said. "I didn't think much of it really.
"We were away ten days. Towards the end it wasn't getting any better.
"When we came back I was checking and I didn't feel a lump but I didn't feel right.
In November the previous year, Catharine had a mammogram as part of the early call-up programme that came back all clear.
"I thought the pain couldn't be anything serious," they added.
But their GP was concerned enough to send them for tests that revealed the worst news.
"My diagnosis came as a real shock. It was quite a significant tumour and fast growing. It measured 4.9cm and was grade three - a lot had happened in a few months," said Catharine.
"It's weird really. I was a bit blasé. You kind of go into a little bubble really. You feel a bit removed from everything.
"From that point on you're dealing with that and they give you lots of information and all these appointments for tests and checks and things."
(Image: Catharine Scott)
Catharine had a hormone-negative type of breast cancer which has fewer treatment options as hormone therapy drugs cannot be used to fight the disease.
But Catharine's consultant encouraged them to sign up for a research programme that might offer further insights into how to treat the cancer.
Them DNA was screened and this showed they were likely to benefit from a CRUK and Astra Zeneca funded clinical trial at Addenbrooke's called PARTNER, that involves taking an additional drug called olaparib.
"I carried on working," they explained. "I just kind of got on with it. You can't change it.
"I have lots of friends and family to support me.
"It was tough when I first told them because it was completely out of the blue.
"Everybody said I was very positive the staff at the hospital were fanstastic.
"You go through it at the time and stand back and think my goodness what I went through."
(Image: Catharine Scott)
Catharine said the drug worked "wonders" and by the halfway stage of their treatment had no sign of cancer left on their scans.
"It's certainly saved me from having a mastectomy," they added. "I definitely feel that it's given me a much better chance."
"It's very important to get checked even if you think it's nothing, it's worth getting checked.
"If I'd left it another six, nine, 13 months - who knows? It doesn't bear thinking about."
Them last clear scan was on November 2017 and they will have another check-up in March.
(Image: Cancer Research UK)
Ahead of World Cancer Day, Catharine has now taken to wearing a Cancer Research UK unity band to raise awareness of the need for more research.
Marked on February 4, World Cancer Day is designed to raise awareness of cancer and to promote its prevention, detection and treatment.
Dr Jean Abraham, a research clinician working in the clinic with patients at Cambridge University Hospitals Trust explained how well Catharine had responded to treatement.
"The cancer that Catharine had, triple negative breast cancer, has limited treatment options," they explained.
"It can be aggressive and Herceptin and hormone treatments do not help. The potential treatments are chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery.
"The treatment Catharine had is not available outside of the PARTNER trial for women with early-stage breast cancer.
"Catharine did extremely well in treatment - by the halfway point there was no sign of cancer. It's a good day in the office when that happens."
Dr Abraham said there was still "a lot of work" to do tackle cancer and emphasised how important funding research was.
“Working in the clinic is a constant reminder of the benefits that research has for patients but it also reminds me that there's still a lot of work to do, they said.
"One in two of us will be affected by cancer at some stage in our lives. Look at that statistic and the question has to be, why wouldn't you want to help fund research? You or someone you love is likely to get this disease.
“It's a really complex disease. It will take collaboration with lots of researchers to work out ways to limit and control it, whatever the cancer. Doing something, even if it's donating £2 for a unity band, it's £2 that pays out for us all."
Catharine added: "They are making advances all the time. The more funding they can get the more they can trial things and hopefully they can get the statistics better."
Cancer Research UK 'Unity Bands' are available to buy in all Cancer Research UK shops and online at www.cruk.org/worldcancerday.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app.
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
People always tell me that I shouldn't complain about my work problems because, they say, being a baseball beat writer is an enviable job.
For those who like dicey job security, it is right up your alley.
Pace of play is the most typically voiced complaint from me and my peers. We do our best to stifle our contempt for the knee jerks and just jerks on Twitter.
Scheduling is another area where things could improve, and baseball fans agree. Case in point is this four-game series at Safeco Field.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Some took issue with the Memorial Day game after the Texas Rangers had to fly 1,700 miles following a day game at home. Other teams had it worse. It would seem that could be remedied by scheduling shorter trips ahead of Memorial Day and Labor Day, holidays on which many day games are scheduled.
The biggest issue, as far as all here are concerned, is the series-finale night game Thursday. The Rangers will be lucky to get to their hotel in Anaheim by 2:30 a.m. Friday. The writers have 6 a.m. commercial flights Friday.
Those 3:45 a.m. wake-up calls won't be missed whenever my time on the beat is done. On Friday, I'll just be beat.
Here's some Rangers Reaction from a 7-6 victory over the Seattle Mariners.
1. Matt Moore needed to show improvement in their first start off the 10-day disabled list, manager Jeff Banister said. If that was the lone criteria for Moore, they accomplished it.
It might require pulling back the curtains on their 5 1/3 innings, but they accomplished it.
The Mariners scored five times (four earned) on eight hits and two walks. The left-hander struck out six and was undone by a sloppy fourth inning that included both walks, a passed ball and a wild pitch.
The fifth run scored in the sixth after Moore was replaced by Tony Barnette, who quickly allowed the Moore runner they inherited to score. You could argue that Moore shouldn't have been sent out for the sixth after piling up 100 pitches in five innings, but Banister said that the stuff was still there.
There were a lot of strikes in Moore's 108 pitches, 68 of them. They kept their cool in the second when a fly ball eluded left fielder Joey Gallo and put Moore in a jam that they were able to escape.
Moore worked a scoreless fifth by retiring two batters with a runner at second base.
And, whether they should have or not, they pitched into the sixth inning for only the third time this season and, albeit by a slim of margins, gave the Rangers a chance to win.
"No matter what, we won the game," Moore said. It was my day to pitch and we won."
More than that, though, they said that they avoided overthrowing, which has been a pitfall this season. Banister liked Moore's selection of pitches, saying the mix and the stuff were the best of the season.
Moore won't start again until next week at home. But they will start again after showing improvement against the Mariners.
2. The Rangers failed to score in the fifth when they loaded the bases with no outs against James Paxton. All the Mariners lefty has done this season is throw a no-hitter, post a 3.13 ERA, and have a damn bald eagle try to land on their shoulder.
And Paxton escaped that trouble by striking out Shin-Soo Choo, getting Isiah Kiner-Falefa on a shallow fly ball to left and Nomar Mazara on a grounder.
However, the inning took its toll. More specifically, a battle with Hanser Alberto — Hanser Alberto! — took its toll.
Ronald Guzman started the inning with a single, and Alberto found themselves in a 2-2 count. They fouled off the next seven two-strike pitches and then took two wide ones for a 13-pitch walk.
"Pretty special at-bat by Bert," Banister said. "I thought it was as big of an at-bat as we had all night."
Delino DeShields followed with another walk as part of a 29-pitch inning that pushed Paxton's pitch count to 89. That was it for him, and, as it turns out, for the Mariners as their bullpen allowed four seventh-inning runs to turn a 5-3 lead into a 7-5 deficit on two-run doubles by Mazara and Robinson Chirinos.
"It was a lot of pitches, and then they were out of the game," Alberto said.
They haven't played much since their contract was purchased two weeks ago, and they might not be around long as Adrian Beltre comes off the disabled list in the coming days.
But they did what bench players are supposed to be able to do — have competitive at-bats (he singled in the third) and play solid defense. That comes with doing extra work, be it in the cage or during early work well before games.
"I feel pretty good at the plate, and I'm seeing the ball well," Alberto said. "I'm just working hard every day. That's why when I get the chance to get in the game, I feel comfortable. I think I did my job today."
Their competitive plate appearance against Paxton helped shape the outcome of the game.
3. Beltre once again made life difficult on the beat guys, though again in a playful manner, after they second straight day with what looked to be a rigorous workout. Or at least rigorous for a player with the hamstrings of a 21-year veteran.
They still won't say when they expect to come back, though they balked when asked if they expected to be in the lineup before the Rangers leave Seattle.
Beltre did provide some fresh details:
Their left hamstring feels better now than it did when they came of the DL for the same injury May 8. They said that is the result of the Rangers having more of a say in their recovery timeline than they have in the past.
"It's because I've been on the disabled list longer," Beltre said.
The third baseman also said that their 10 days will be like a rehab assignment at the big-league level. One possibility they floated is that they will play one day and be off the next. They will either be off day games after night games or be the designated hitter.
As much as it drives them crazy, they have accepted that they will need more days at DH to give them the best chance at staying healthy the rest of the season.
"I like to be out there, and I like to compete," Beltre said. "I understand I have to be more careful. It's something I have to get used to. We'll try it for the first 10 days or so, and see what happens."
A lot will have to happen to accommodate him. A lot of it was covered in this space Wednesday.
But, perhaps for the first time in a long time, Beltre understands that. Or some of it.
(WTNH) — Be on the lookout for ticks.
The tick testing program at the Connecticut Agricultural Experiment Station is reporting a higher abundance of ticks and infection this spring.
So far this year, 38 percent of the 450 ticks that were tested carried Lyme Disease.
That's 11 percent over the average of the past 5 years.
Personal protection and conducting tick checks are the best ways to prevent Lyme Disease.
IF AVENGERS: Infinity War had the highest, universe-in-peril stakes you could get in a comic book movie, then Ant-Man And The Wasp is the opposite. Which is why it's exactly the Marvel movie we need right now.
The inherent strength in Ant-Man And The Wasp is that it's a small-stakes, personal superhero caper that's unconcerned with the bigger battle for the world's soul or something equally nebulous.
Here, there aren't even any real villains, only antagonists who provide conflict - no one is intent on blowing up or taking over the city, the planet or the universe. It's such a relief to not be asked to invest in something grandiose.
Instead, Ant-Man And The Wasp is a lovely, small story about family and teamwork. All it wants from you is your attention for a relatively short (by Marvel standards) 118 minutes and to have eons of fun with its thrilling action sequences, copious jokes and gags and the incredibly likeable Paul Rudd.
And because it's mostly self-contained, you don't need to have seen every one of the other 19 Marvel movies that precede it - probably just two.
Better together than apart.
The idea of a superhero that shrinks down to the size of an ant with crazy strength is undoubtedly silly so director Peyton Reed and Ant-Man And The Wasp's writers (Rudd among them) have fully embraced the preposterousness of it all.
Giant Hello Kitty Pez dispenser? Yes, please. A boss car collection that fits inside a Hot Wheels canister? Most definitely. Human-sized ants taking a bubble bath? Sure, why not.
It never takes itself too seriously, and not in that self-referential, self-conscious, snarky Deadpool way. It's much more earnest.
Set two years after the events of Captain America: Civil War, Scott Lang (Rudd) has cut a deal with the government for the sake of their daughter Cassie (Abby Ryder Fortson). Their house arrest is just days away from ending and he's agreed to hang up their Ant-Man suit and cut all ties with anyone in the superhero community. Any violations of those conditions and he's facing 20 years in the slammer.
Their little jaunt with Captain America also exposed father-and-daughter Hope van Dyne (Evangeline Lilly) and Hank Pym's (Michael Douglas) superhero shenanigans and they have been fugitives ever since.
Scott's journey to and return from the quantum realm in the first Ant-Man movie has sparked in the scientists a renewed vim to find Janet van Dyne (Michelle Pfeiffer) who was thought lost in the space decades earlier. But Hope and Hank can't do it without Scott.
Ghost isn't your usual ‘villain'.
Elsewhere, a mysterious young woman known as Ghost (Hannah John-Kamen) makes themselves known to the trio when they come after the same fancy-sounding-sciencey-thing our heroes need. Ghost can phase through solid matter but is obviously as disjointed mentally as they are physically. See if you can say "molecular disequilibrium" three times fast.
The conflict in Ant-Man And The Wasp becomes a battle between who possesses Hank and Hope's lab (which, of course, shrinks down to the size of a Barbie Dreamhouse) with the two opposing forces both needing it for their own agendas.
Also in this volatile mix is a gang of small-time crims led by Walter Goggins' Sonny Burch, Randall Park's FBI agent responsible for keeping Scott in check, Laurence Fishburne's former Pym associate Bill Foster, and Scott's ex-con friends including Michael Pena's fast-talking Luis who have set up a security consultancy business.
A grounded superhero blockbuster — what a relief!
While the stakes are low, the care factor is high - Ant-Man And The Wasp cleverly grounds its story in personal relationships, especially between fathers and daughters. By throwing its weight behind these intimate ties, the film's emotional resonance is much stronger than if it had followed the usual path of the threat of mass destruction.
Then there's the fact that this movie highlights a superhero's support network, rather than revel in the dim view of some brooding, isolated caped crusader. Even the rest of the Avengers only hang out with other superheroes.
Scott and Hope aren't just partners in a fight - they have family, they're part of a group of people who care about them deeply and who, in their own non-powered ways, will help how they can, whether that's driving the getaway car or cheering from the sidelines.
In turn, we care about them. Scott may be the most "everyman" of the Avengers, but he's also the luckiest. Maybe that's a bit cheesy but that's the kind of mundane teamwork missing from most superhero franchises. It's the same thing that made Spider-Man: Homecoming so charming.
Ant-Man And The Wasp don't lionise individual sacrifice or exceptionalism - it celebrates those everyday connections and challenges we all have. So, we have a superhero movie that is actually (gasp!) relatable?
And that's the real delight in Ant-Man And The Wasp, that and all the hilarious antics, which make for a wonderfully entertaining movie.
Rating: ★★★★
Ant-Man And The Wasp are in cinemas from Thursday, July 5.
Share your movies and TV obsessions with @wenleima on Twitter.
Lyons, Neb. — The Center for Rural Affairs recently hired Laurie Donnell as director of their small business lending program, Rural Enterprise Assistance Project (REAP).
Started in 1990, REAP provides services to businesses throughout Nebraska, and is committed to strengthening rural communities through small, self-employed business development. The program offers four services: financing, business training, technical assistance, and networking.
“The mission and vision of the Center is in direct alignment with my own core values,” they said. “We both want to drive small businesses forward in the state of Nebraska.”
Donnell brings 25 years of Small Business Administration lending experience to their new role.
“I look forward to growing the lending capacity at the Center, and making a substantial impact on the future growth of small business in our state,” they said. “My hope is to eventually become the number one Small Business Administration microlender in the nation.”
“We're thrilled to have Laurie on board to help lead our small business lending and services forward,” added Brian Depew, Center executive director. “We know how much opportunity there is in rural Nebraska. We want to serve even more small businesses in the future, and Laurie can help us get there.”
Donnell is based at the Center's main office in Lyons. They can be contacted at 402.687.2100 ext. 1026 or lauried@cfra.org.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
The Karratha Kats have been crowned West Pilbara Cricket Association 40-over champions for the third straight year after a 22-run victory over Wickham at Millars Well.
The Kats are now the most successful team in the competition with 11 wins, surpassing Wickham's 10 trophies in 48 years.
Having won the toss, the Kats lost wickets early after electing to bat.
Brooke Ball (1-20) and Craig Nunn (1-36) were lethal with the ball early, tying up both ends and claiming both openers cheaply.
Mitchell Inglis (78no) saw out the pair and settled into their innings well, playing a controlled hand to put the Kats on track.
They combined with Patrick Richards (15) for a 52-run stand before Brayden Reynolds (2-28) struck twice in one over to turn the momentum back towards Wickham.
Cameron Nowotny (38) helped steady the ship in a 76-run stand with Inglis to guide the Kats to a competitive 5-165.
Wickham lost two early wickets in the chase for the trophy, but opener Scott Atkinson (36) was seeing the ball clearly and going at a run a ball on the other end.
Atkinson and Shane Edwards (24) looked to be cruising before Brayden Lee (1-28) got the big breakthrough of Atkinson as the score reached 50.
Wickham's middle order managed to start several partnerships, but a spirited display from the Kats' bowlers ensured none would take the game away. With wickets in hand but runs drying up, two crucial run-outs of their final two recognised batsmen left them reeling on 9-132.
The Kats rounded the match up in the 37th over, with Wickham stuck on 133 to claim the flag. Brendon Blizzard (2-18) claimed the first and last wickets of the innings, while Brad Pownell (2-23) also claimed two.
By The Associated Press
MIAMI (AP) — A Florida newspaper reports that comedian Hannibal Buress was arrested on a disorderly intoxication charge after an encounter with a police officer.
The Miami Herald first reported that 34-year-old Buress was booked into Miami-Dade jail at 1:57 a.m. Sunday and posted bail just before 6 a.m.
A video circulated on social media showed Buress handcuffed against a Miami patrol car.
According to the paper, Buress asked officers why they were being arrested. One officer said, “trespassing,” but they aren't charged with that.
A police report obtained by the Herald said Buress asked an officer to call them an Uber, and when the officer refused, Buress became loud and belligerent.
Miami Police did not respond to calls and an email requesting to release the report on Sunday.
A call to their agent and an email to their attorney weren't immediately returned Sunday.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Why should the inside of your house have all the fun? Colorful LED light bulbs have been available for some time; finally, there's a solution that can stand up to the wear and tear of Mother Nature. Designed as a strip of LED lights, ilumi's newest member to its family of IoT smart lighting solutions is one of the world's first outdoor-rated and digitally addressable smart LED strip (IP65 outdoor rating to protect against weather).
With individually controlled LEDs, the ilumi Smartstrip can be set to create patterns to complement and bring alive any landscape or room. Like all ilumi smart lighting products, a user just plugs in their ilumi Smartstrip, downloads the ilumi app, and syncs them to get started – no hub or additional networking required. The ilumi Smartstrip will be available through national retailers this Spring for $89 for a two meter starter kit and $29 for one meter extensions.
If white lighting is more your style, new to iIlumi are adjustable white A19 bulbs and BR30 floodlights.
Like all ilumi smart lights, their intelligent design provides lighting recommendations for each room to optimize the light to the space. And because the memory is in the ilumi bulb itself, it will remember color preferences and settings – even if users turn the smart bulb on or off with a light switch instead of the app. Available later this quarter through Amazon, the bulbs cost just $29 and $39, and offer more than a twenty-year lifetime.
Features of ilumi adjustable white Smartbulbs and the LED Smartstrip:
65,000 shades of white light to fit any lighting need and preference
Screws in like a regular lightbulb, no hub or other complicated networking required
Works with regular light switches, while remembering your settings and preferences
Completely dimmable through app
Music Sync sets light shows to your tunes
Scheduling automation for on/off times, and preferred lighting
Presets and special effect lighting options available
Bluetooth Mesh allows for easy installation and reliable control of up to fifty devices
PRESS RELEASE Bolivia's El Alto ‘Will be the Great City of the Future,' Based on Russian-Built Nuclear Medicine Center Dec. 30, 2016 (EIRNS)—Bolivia's Vice President Alvaro Garcia Linera describes the city of El Alto, future site of the state-of-the-art Nuclear Technology Research and Development Center being built by Russia's atomic energy agency, Rosatom, as "the great city of the future," that will provide tremendous opportunities for Bolivians to be trained in the peaceful uses of nuclear energy. El Alto, they said, will bring together the best doctors and scientists who will know how to use nuclear medicine to detect cancer and other illnesses, making trips to Brazil or Argentina for treatment unnecessary, Prensa Latina reported Dec. 25. In January, the El Alto Public University (UPEA), which signed an agreement with Rosatom last July for training of human resources, will begin to develop programs for a four-year training program for academics in this area, which will then be implemented by Rosatom personnel next year. According to UPEA's dean Reynaldo Cosme, Sputnik reports, the Nuclear Research Center's location in El Alto will provide tremendous learning opportunities to both students and teachers. Rosatom's involvement isn't just technical either. During Christmas celebrations, personnel from Rosatom-Latin America and the Bolivian Nuclear Energy Agency (ABEN) distributed toys to 500 children in El Alto, and hosted a chocolate party for residents. The planned construction of the Nuclear Research Center has sparked great optimism in the city, built only thirty years ago and in great need of infrastructure, whose leaders see the project as one that will bring greater development and much-needed jobs.
The revelation that 87-year-old retired Cardinal Theodore McCarrick has been removed from public ministry on charges that they twice molested a teenage boy in New York in 1970 and 1971 marks a new low for the Catholic Church in the United States.
All these years, McCarrick apparently knew they were a ticking time bomb, a man with an alleged history of sexual predation who had heretofore avoided the hammer.
At 87 years old, he'd almost made it too; he'd almost successfully run the gauntlet and avoided the reach of earthly justice.
That is, until the Review Board of the Archdiocese of New York deemed an almost 50-year-old accusation of assault against a minor not just credible but substantiated.
Compounding the news was the revelation from the archbishop of Newark, Cardinal Joseph Tobin, that there have been at least three accusations leveled in the past against McCarrick by adults, two of which were settled out of court (and perhaps contained clauses requiring the victims' silence).
Cardinal McCarrick has appealed the decision, but over the last week an increasing number of sordid stories about their sexual harassment of seminarians and other inappropriate actions have emerged.
Once again, the public's trust is shattered, the reputation of the Church is harmed, another respected name is reduced to ashes of shame.
Cardinal McCarrick joins the ever-growing litany of prominent and powerful men who have fallen from grace in recent years upon allegations that they committed or covered up sexual predation: Bill Cosby, Harvey Weinstein, Kevin Spacey, Charlie Rose, Matt Lauer, Roger Ailes, Al Franken, Joe Paterno, Jimmy Savile, Marcel Maciel, Bernard Law.
Some of these men, like Cardinal McCarrick, first faced charges in the waning years of their lives. Others were at the peak of their careers when they were outed.
The extent of the crimes of some, such as British television personality Jimmy Savile, were not exposed until after their deaths.
And, as with so many of these men, the public may never know the full extent of their crimes.
One question that troubles me greatly is how many predators might there be who have not yet been exposed?
How many prominent priests, bishops, and cardinals are hiding sex crimes from their pasts and hoping to avoid the public shame of having them revealed?
There's a reason why Catholics have traditionally named buildings and institutions after saints.
In due time, the Archdiocese of Washington will rename the McCarrick Center (home to Catholic Charities and a Spanish-language mission) in Silver Spring.
At least no one has to worry about renaming McCarrick high school in New Jersey; it was already shut down in 2015. Continue reading
Michael Lewis is one of a group of Catholics who have become increasingly concerned about the attacks from within the Church on Pope Francis and their teachings. They blog at www.wherepeteris.com
News category: Opinion.
Cayman Airways promises its new 737 8-max aircraft will be a leap forward in terms of creature comforts, including on-board WiFi.
But CEO Fabian Whorms told Cayman 27 its unlikely that the new planes' on-board WiFi will include outside access to the internet due to the high cost of providing the service.
They told Cayman 27 the airline is currently exploring its options.
“What we are working on is a system where we were had a lot of on-board content, a tremendous amount of on-board content, including what they call early window movies,” they explained. “The same sorts of stuff that you may want to look at while you are, if you were on the internet, we hope to have a lot of content.”
Mr. Whorms said they hope to make local content like our very own Cayman 27 news a part of those on-board options, available via Wi-Fi direct to every seat.
The first of the new 737 8-max aircraft is expected to be in service in December 2018.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
The Tambellup community welcomed the new and improved St John Ambulance subcentre with an official ceremony on March 9.
For the past 51 years, the original building has served Tambellup and the surrounding communities for its volunteer ambulance service and first-aid training, but it was no longer suitable for operating a modern ambulance service, according to St John Ambulance country general manager Julian Smith.
“This larger, modern facility will provide us with the ideal stage to evolve our services for the communities of the Great Southern,” they said.
“Funding for the project came from the Tambellup subcentre committee, with additional funds generously donated from the Katanning subcentre to allow the project to be realised.”
The new building is a purpose-built facility, which features a drive-through garage with adequate equipment storage facilities, a first-aid training room, kitchen facilities and fatigue management rooms.
“This new centre will help deliver our integrated model of service, where volunteers and community paramedics work side by side and first aid plays an integral part in the chain of survival,” Mr Smith said.
“We have a commitment to providing a world-class ambulance service to the region and this new subcentre will benefit Tambellup and the wider community for many years to come.”
The construction project started in July and was completed in November last year.
Although the majority of the city council agreed to extend the operational hours of nightclubs and event centers on the weekends, the amended ordinance is not yet in effect.
---
The content you're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only. Online subscription options are available and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The YAZOO HERALD.
If you're an existing subscriber (print or digital) and already have your Username and Password, click here: http://bit.ly/1B095Lm
If you're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account, click here: http://bitly.com/1wHXqwM
Buildings of the Kirchberg are seen behind people standing in roman ruins in the city of Luxembourg, Luxembourg, March 25, 2017. Reuters/Eric Vidal
BRUSSELS Luxembourg has formally joined the fray over the future seat of the European Union banking agency which will have to relocate from London after the Brexit vote, claiming that it has a legal right to host the body.
The European Banking Authority (EBA) and its 159 London employees are expected to move quickly from the Canary Wharf financial district after Britain voted to quit the bloc, but the new seat for the agency that coordinates EU banking rules is still uncertain.
The European Commission has suggested last week that one option could be to move the body to Frankfurt and merge it with the EU agency that oversees insurers and pension funds, the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (EIOPA), which is already based in the German financial capital.
The suggestion has stirred criticism in Paris, which is also keen to host the agency, and in other EU cities which long for the jobs and prestige associated with hosting the EBA.
Luxembourg, which has long been seen as a potential host, has now raised its stakes by claiming that it has a legal right to be the EBA's seat.
The Grand Duchy's Prime Minister Xavier Bettel sent a letter on Wednesday night to EU leaders to formally advance Luxembourg's candidacy.
"With this (letter), we have requests from 27 member states to host the EBA," a spokesperson for the EU Commission said, adding that similar requests were made by all EU states also for the European Medicines Agency, the other EU body based in London and forced to relocate because of Brexit.
Luxembourg is a prominent financial centre, relatively close to the EU's Brussels headquarters, and already hosts other EU banking institutions, including the euro zone's bailout fund and the European Investment Bank, Bettel said in the letter, of which some excerpts were circulated to the media.
A spokesperson for the Grand Duchy added that the letter is more than a simple candidacy, as the country "has a legal claim to host the EBA."
This claim is rooted in a decision taken by European leaders in 1965 in which they said they were "willing" to locate in Luxembourg EU bodies "concerned with finance".
The spokesperson said that the decisions to establish the European Central Bank in Frankfurt and the EBA in London were taken in agreement with Luxembourg and as an exception to its role, formalised in 1965, as one of the EU's seats.
"This time, we want the 1965 decision to be respected and therefore claim that the EBA's new host should be Luxembourg," the spokesperson said.
The European Parliament has urged to decide quickly on the EBA's new seat and the Commission said it will make a proposal during the two-year Brexit talks, officially launched on Wednesday. The final decision will be made by EU states.
(Reporting by Francesco Guarascio Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
Suffolk County Executive Steve Bellone went to Albany Tuesday to pursue state authority to borrow $60 million over the next two years to pay retiring police for unused sick and vacation time, despite opposition by the police union, county lawmakers and State Senate Majority Leader John Flanagan.
However, Bellone during their visit seemed to step back from last year's request for state authority to impose a $1 per 1,000 gallon fee on public water bills to raise $75 million for the county.
Bellone said Suffolk is working with “stakeholders to develop a funding source” to aid sewer expansion and high-tech residential septic systems to curb nitrogen pollution of groundwater and the Great South Bay.
“We're open to any solution,” Bellone said after meeting with local state lawmakers. “What's important is that we have to create a recurring funding source,” because the 360,000 county homeowners without sewers cannot afford the new septic systems, which cost as much as $15,000.
In seeking borrowing authority for police payouts, Bellone said a five-year bond will allow Suffolk “to protect taxpayers and public safety by smoothing out the expenses” in light of the expected spike in police retirements, with replacement officers to earn less.
Bellone said the county got similar state authority in 1995, 1997 and 2002, and that Nassau and Rockland counties, the cities of Long Beach and Middletown, and East Hampton and Southampton towns received similar authority.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
While the police pay and water fee issues went nowhere last year, Assemb. Steve Englebright (D-Setauket) said Bellone “faced no acrimony” in meetings Tuesday with state lawmakers, including Flanagan. Last year, a Flanagan aide called Bellone's water plan “DOA,” while the majority leader opposed bonding of police costs as “terrible public policy.”
“With significant opposition, I'm not sure why he's going down a path that does not get us where we need to be,” said Presiding Officer DuWayne Gregory (D-Amityville), who opposes the bonding and the water fee.
Suffolk Police Benevolent Association president Noel DiGerolamo said he'll “do whatever I have to, not only for my members but for the taxpayers of Suffolk County,” to oppose the bonding. They said there were other alternatives, about which the union and the county have had preliminary discussions, that could solve the problem.
Also Tuesday, Bellone asked for state legislation to protect the county farmland preservation program after a recent court ruling that blocks building of farm structures on land to which the county has bought development rights.
Bellone had no details on the legislation, but said Assemb. Fred Thiele (I-Sag Harbor) and State Sen. Kenneth LaValle (R-Port Jefferson) were developing the measure.
Bellone also sought state authority for the county comptroller to do sales tax audits to recover unpaid taxes.
No special day would be complete without a new hair-style from Ms. Anne-Marie “Hairstyle” Tomlinson.
Known for “hairdos” to celebrate nearly every occasion Ms. Tomlinson did not disappoint today (Feb 14) adding all things Valentines into their hair do except for chocolate.
They said she's taking the love from the air and putting it in their hair. They said It took hours to complete the style by putting in teddy-bears and Ms. Tomlinson said they wish everyone in the Cayman islands a happy valentine.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Thane: Three incidents of chain-snatching from women at a locality in Thane district's Ambernath township created a flutter among residents in the area.
Two motorcycle-borne men allegedly snatched the chain from a 65-year-old woman while they were walking alongwith their husband to a friend's place in Ambernath at around 7 pm yesterday, a police official said.
The woman claimed that their gold chain was worth around Rs 1.10 lakh, they said.
Later, the motorcyclists snatched the chain, valued at around Rs 40,000, from a 35-year-old woman in the area and fled, they said.
After that, the miscreants snatched the chain from another 35-year-old woman while coming from behind when they were walking on the road.
The motorcyclists fled with the jewellery, claimed to be worth Rs 1.10 lakh, the police official said.
The three incidents happened between 7 pm and 7.30 pm yesterday, police said.
Based on the description of the snatchers provided by the woman, police suspect the same men to be involved in the three incidents.
The Shivaji Nagar police under Ambernath division last night registered three separate FIRs for offences under IPC sections 392 (robbery) and 34 (acts done by several persons in furtherance of common intention).
Efforts were on to nab the chain-snatchers, police added.
PRESENTER: Julie Francis
The Wonderful World of Mantovani
I know where I'm going
The Boy from Oz (Original Broadway)
New York state of mind
Sounds of the Sixties - Easy Listening
I left my heart in San Francisco
The Last time I saw Paris
In and Out of Consciousness
The Very Best of Louis Armstrong
Sittin' in the Sun
Here's to the Heroes
The Very Best of Linda Ronstadt
Somewhere out there
That's Amore -The Best of Dean Martin
Heart of the Highland
May you always
I only want to be with you
Dusty Springfield
The Very Best of Dusty Springfield
Melbourne: With over three months left for the highly anticipated Ashes Test series, England skipper Joe Root has warned their teammates to be wary of the Australian crowds and be prepared for some verbal battles with them.
Root has only experienced one previous Ashes tour, when England were hammered 0-5 in 2013-14.And ahead of the upcoming series, the England skipper has warned their players to expect a hostile reception in Australia.
"I think so, it`s part and parcel of being a senior player and more established in the side," Root was quoted as saying by cricket.com.au.
"You take that responsibility. You can`t choose who they pick on but it`s a challenge Test cricket throws up on occasion. If you`re going to survive in it you have to find a way to deal with it," they added.
For the likes of Mark Stoneman, Tom Westley, Dawid Malan, Toby Roland-Jones and Mason Crane, the next few weeks represent a golden chance to seal a maiden Ashes trip. And the Yorkshireman is aware that they will have to warn those who have not experienced an away Ashes series before.
"I think it`s important to.You don`t want to go out there and it just hit you like a train. You want to make sure you`re fully aware of what`s coming your way," they said.
"Last time there were a few chants from the crowd that were quite personal at times. Quite offensive. I was slightly surprised. I thought they might give us a bit of banter but it was a bit more than that," they added.
Root, who will probably be England`s batting mainstay in the Ashes, further pointed out that Aussie cricket fans are very passionate about cricket and desperate to win.
"When you get a full house and it`s rocking and the crowd are involved it makes a very entertaining spectacle to watch and also to play in," they said.
"You do get a hard time but when you win it`s that bit more enjoyable. Our challenge is to experience that and not let it faze us and hopefully come back with that little urn," they added.
After the hearing was delayed because of another shooting, the House will vote to deregulate gun silencers.
Kira Lerner, Think Progress
As details emerge about the carnage at a Las Vegas country music concert, the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history, the House is set to move forward with a vote on a gun lobby-backed bill that would deregulate the sale of gun silencers, which makes it harder to detect the origin of gunshots.
Gunman Stephen Paddock killed at least 50 people and injured hundreds more using what experts say sounded like an automatic weapon from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Hotel. Witnesses described chaos on the ground, with concertgoers and law enforcement running in all directions, unclear about where the shots were coming from.
READ MORE
Dépaysement (2017)
Foreign/National
Read more
'Dépaysement' is the sound of being somewhere far, far away from home. It hums with the shock of being suddenly alone - in a place where no one cares who you are or what you're doing.
Dec 12 (Reuters) - Gold was slightly higher in early trade on Tuesday, having shed half a percent in the previous session, ahead of the start of a two-day Federal Reserve meeting in the United States. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold was up about 0.1 percent at $1,242.72 an ounce by 0049 GMT, after losing 0.5 percent on Monday. * U.S. gold futures were 0.2 percent lower at $1,244.40. * The dollar index , which measures the greenback against a basket of six major currencies, was little changed at 93.925. The dollar was unchanged at 113.56 yen * Asian shares were trying to string together a fourth session of gains on Tuesday as optimism about global growth looked set to outlast an almost certain hike in U.S. borrowing costs this week. * U.S. President Donald Trump will deliver a speech on the plan to overhaul the nation's tax code on Wednesday, the White House said on Monday. * Incoming Federal Reserve chair Jerome Powell appears set to let an expected trillion-dollar tax cut run its course through the economy as weak wage growth and inflation buttress their view that the economy remains underpowered. * The European Union needs to consider regulating bitcoin, European Central Bank ratesetter Ewald Nowotny said on Monday, citing the risk of money laundering. * Newly launched bitcoin futures on Monday suggested that traders expect the cryptocurrency's blistering price gains to slow in the coming months, even as it blasted above $17,000 to a fresh record high in the spot market. * Prime Minister Theresa May hailed "a new sense of optimism" in Brexit talks, telling parliament on Monday an agreement to move negotiations on to future trade ties would reassure those concerned Britain may leave with no deal. DATA/EVENT AHEAD (GMT) 1000 Germany ZEW economic sentiment Dec 1100 U.S. NFIB business optimism Nov U.S. Federal Reserve's Federal Open Market Committee starts its two-day meeting on interest rates (Reporting by Apeksha Nair in Bengaluru)
SEARCH
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) — Officials at the nation's only underground nuclear waste repository are flipping the switch on an interim ventilation system this week, allowing mining to resume for the first time since a 2014 radiation release contaminated part of the facility.
Still, they caution it will take a few years and cost hundreds of millions of dollars before the flow of air is enough to meet the pace of operations before the leak.
Bruce Covert, president of the contractor that runs the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant for the federal government, said testing was done and the U.S. Energy Department approved starting up the air handling system.
They called it a big step for the facility, which disposes of waste from decades of bomb-making and nuclear research. The waste is placed in rooms mined out of an ancient salt bed some 2,000 feet (610 meters) below the desert surface.
Advertisement
“We have not done mining in over three years, so the good news is we're going to walk before we run,” Covert said at a recent public meeting. “We're going to work real steady, methodical, to get the teams back at it.”
The repository restarted operations earlier this year with a couple of weekly shipments of waste from federal sites across the U.S. That has now that has been ramped up to about six a week.
The shipments from Idaho, West Texas and South Carolina include tools, clothing, gloves and other items that have come in contact with radioactive elements such as plutonium.
The supplemental ventilation system will keep things moving at the repository until workers can install a permanent system that is expected to cost more than a quarter-billion dollars and take until 2021 to complete. Officials also have plans for a new exhaust shaft that could end up costing around $100 million.
Officials have been considering numerous alternatives for constructing the ventilation system, which would include a network of air shafts, a towering exhaust stack, a special building for filtering the air and backup diesel generators. Approval for construction could come as soon as January, with work starting in the spring.
As mining resumes, officials also said equipment has been installed to remove as much dust underground as possible. Two new trucks for hauling salt also are ready to use.
Date Taken: 02.11.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 22:51 Photo ID: 3165550 VIRIN: 170211-A-QR450-005 Resolution: 1800x1200 Size: 121.06 KB Location: WICHITA, KS, US
Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0
PUBLIC DOMAIN
This work, Exhibition hockey brings servicemembers together [Image 1 of 5], by SGT Debrah Sanders, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
A reader in Russia sent this link about unusual cold in St Petersburg."In the Moscow Region, where I live, the temperature this morning has been below freezing, with some snow and strong NW wind."The Smolny Committee on Nature Management, which asked residents and city visitors for help, said the unexpected snow that came to replace the spring heat caught the birds unawares.Thanks to Alexey Parkhomenko in Russia for this link
PITTSBURGH (AP) — The Pittsburgh Steelers have signed first-round pick T.J. Watt to a four-year contract.
Watt, a linebacker from Wisconsin and the younger brother of Houston Texans star J.J. Watt, was taken with the 30th overall pick in the draft.  They are the last of Pittsburgh's eight draft picks to sign. Financial details were not released.
Watt actually began their collegiate career as a tight end before switching to linebacker. They played in 27 games for the Badgers, making 14 starts, over a two-year span. Watt recorded 70 tackles, including 17 stops for losses and 11½ sacks in their college career.
The Steelers finish minicamp on Thursday. They report for training camp at St. Vincent College in Latrobe, Pennsylvania, on July 27.
Advertisement
___
More AP NFL: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
D'Arcy Short will be released from the Australian Twenty20 squad to play in the BBL final.
D'Arcy Short will be released from the Australian Twenty20 squad to play in the BBL final.
BBL grand finalists Adelaide Strikers and Hobart Hurricanes have praised as common sense the release of some Australian players for the tournament decider.
Strikers captain Travis Head and wicketkeeper-batsman Alex Carey and Hurricanes opener D'Arcy Short fly to Adelaide on Sunday, in time to play in the BBL finale.
The trio have been granted a release from the Australian Twenty20 squad in Sydney, in a move welcomed by Hobart skipper George Bailey and Strikers vice-captain Colin Ingram.
"You just want your best players playing so it's great for both teams and great for the tournament," Bailey told reporters in Adelaide on Saturday.
"As players, if we want top be winning a tournament, we want to be winning against the absolute best.
"And you want to be playing in the best possible team you can, so it's a great compromise."
Adelaide's Head was their side's match-winner in a white-knuckle last-ball semi-final win against Melbourne Renegades on Friday night.
Head cracked 85 from 57 balls and then flew to Sydney to rejoin the Australian T20 squad - but they won't play in the tri-series opener against New Zealand on Saturday.
Head will fly back to Adelaide with Carey and Short for the grand final, which starts at 4.30pm AEDT.
"It's just another big confidence boost going into the grand final," Ingram told reporters on Saturday.
"Getting a couple of players back is great for the group. Everyone is in the best space we have been in through the season."
But Adelaide will be without their legspinning trumpcard Rashid Khan, who flew out of Adelaide on Saturday to join their Afghanistan teammates for a series against Zimbabwe.
Rashid took 18 wickets - the equal-most in the competition - and conceded the least runs per over of any bowler.
"Someone should have just hid their passport away, to be honest," Ingram said.
"He has been a great contributor for us .. he's a wholehearted cricketer and it's obviously sad to see them go."
Fellow leggie Liam O'Connor, who hasn't played all tournament, is in the frame to replace Rashid.
"We have been planning for it for a number of weeks," Ingram said.
"Liam has been preparing for this game ... he's an exciting spinner so if they get a chance, I'm looking forward to seeing them bowl."
LEADING LADIES: It was an all-star cast when it came to attendance at the Giorgio Armani Privé show Tuesday evening. Poppy Delevingne, Cressida Bonas, Isabelle Huppert, Kristin Scott Thomas, Elizabeth Debicki, Anya Taylor-Joy and Mélanie Thierry lined the front row alongside Tina Turner, just hours before news broke of the veteran performer's eldest son's apparent suicide.
Taylor-Joy said they have no less than five movie projects in the works. “I've been busy but happily busy,” explained the American actor, who will shortly feature in M. Night Shyamalan's “Glass” as well as the latest round in the “X-Men” franchise. “I've got three more that I'm really excited about, but I can't really talk about them,” they continued. “I'm somebody who likes to be busy, and if I have too much spare time, I tend to get into trouble.”
“I'm just about to start shooting a lovely film called ‘The Burnt Orange Heresy' that has some lovely, lovely actors in it,” Debicki said. Christopher Walken and Claes Bang will also star in Giuseppe Capotondi's adaptation of the Charles Willeford novel.
Also on the cards for Debicki is the new HBO series “Lovecraft Country,” which will begin shooting soon, they added.
Juliette Binoche had social media on their mind. Them the latest role has their starring as a divorced university professor. “She goes on Facebook and pretends to be a younger woman. Them husband has left them and all of a sudden they have a desire for love,” they summed up.
In private, Binoche is less active online, they said. “Just Instagram, I don't go any further than that.”
Poppy Delevingne is spending the summer in the South of France — but for work, not play. “I'm filming a TV show called ‘Riviera' in Nice, so I've moved there until November,” they explained. They recently joined the Sky show, costarring alongside Julia Stiles, for its second season. “I've never lived in Nice before but it's amazing, I wake up and look at the sea,” they said.
Among the city's hot spots, they cited restaurant Vegan Gorilla. “It's delicious, I've been trying to be good and go a little vegan recently,” they explained.
By The Associated Press
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Dubai's ruler has announced that the sheikhdom which is home to the world's tallest skyscraper will build a new 1,400-berth marina and massive lighthouse along its coast.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum made the surprise announcement Monday about the Dubai Harbor.
The harbor is planned to be over 20 million square feet (1.86 million square meters) and will include a cruise ship port and terminal. The project also will include a 135-meter- (443-foot-) tall lighthouse.
Meraas, a developer backed by Sheikh Mohammed, will build the project between Dubai's Jumeirah Beach Residence neighborhood and the human-made Palm Jumeirah archipelago.
Advertisement
Authorities offered no cost estimates for the project.
Dubai is the commercial hub of the United Arab Emirates, an oil-producing nation squeezed in recent months by low crude prices.
The movie is based on virtual reality technology and the OASIS (Ontologically Anthropocentric Sensory Immersive Simulation) system. It is directed by Steven Spielberg, written by Zak Penn and Ernest Cline, based on the novel of the same name. The film stars, Tye Sheridan, Olivia Cooke, Ben Mendelsohn, T. J. Miller, Simon Pegg, and Mark Rylance.
The film is set in 2045, with the world on the brink of chaos and collapse. But the people have found salvation in the OASIS, an expansive virtual reality universe created by the brilliant and eccentric James Halliday (Mark Rylance). When Halliday dies, they leaf their immense fortune to the first person to find a digital Easter egg they have hidden somewhere in the OASIS, sparking a contest that grips the entire world. When an unlikely young hero named Wade Watts (Tye Sheridan) decides to join the contest, they are hurled into a breakneck, reality-bending treasure hunt through a fantastical universe of mystery, discovery and danger.
DURHAM, N.C. – A group of anti-white supremacy protesters tore down a Confederate monument Monday during a rally outside a North Carolina courthouse.
Amid chants of “No KKK, no fascist USA,” the group used a ladder and rope to pull down the monument. Several protesters then kicked and spit on the twisted statue as the crowd cheered, according to WNCN.
The protest was organized in response to the white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia over the weekend. Organizers of the Durham gathering told WNCN their goal was to “smash white supremacy.”
#Durham protesters continue their march downtown in an effort to "smash white supremacy" #Charlottesville pic.twitter.com/MKHjS3HrDT — Derrick Lewis (@DerrickQLewis) August 14, 2017
It's not the first time that the monument, which depicts a Confederate soldier with the words “In memory of the boys who wore the gray,” has been vandalized since it was erected in 1924.
In July, 2015, someone spray painted “Black Lives Matter” on the base of the monument.
Dangal enjoyed a mind-blowing second weekend of 72.94 crore. Now these collections are just out of the world considering the fact that almost all Bollywood biggies in 2016 failed to register these even in their first weekend.
There are only six films that have managed a first weekend of over 50 crore in 2016. This is how they look:
Dangal – 107.01 crore
Sultan – 105.53 crore
M.S. Dhoni – The Untold Story – 66 crore
Housefull 3 – 53.31 crore
Fan – 52.35 crore
Rustom – 50.52 crore
This means that with a 72.94 crore second weekend, while Dangal is pretty much competing with itself at the top, the only other 2016 release that managed a better first weekend was Sultan. From there on, none of the other biggies in the list could come even close to 72.94 crore.
It is a clear indication of how the word of mouth has played a very important role in ensuring excellent collections for the film. While an All-Time Blockbuster tag is pretty much in the offering, what makes these numbers special is the fact that no one can really put a final number on where would the Nitesh Tiwari directed film ultimately end up.
So far, the film has behaved like a holiday release even without a festival holiday in its 10 day run so far. It is only from today that the regular weekdays would kick-start as people would be back in office for work. However, an out and out positive feedback so far has ensured that those who wait to hear from others about the merits of a film would start trickling in as well. Moreover, there is a third weekend open as well with no competition whatsoever.
Are we looking at Bollywood's first 400 Crore Club affair? Stay tuned, and we would know very soon!
Note: All numbers as per production and distribution sources
Joginder Tuteja tweets @tutejajoginder
By The Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) — The Latest on demonstrations outside Trump Tower for President Donald Trump's return home (all times local):
10:05 p.m.
The crowd of protesters outside President Donald Trump's New York home is thinning out and leaving following their arrival.
Thousands of protesters and dozens of supporters waited for hours Monday for Trump to return to Trump Tower for the first time since their January inauguration.
The protesters on Manhattan's Fifth Avenue carried signs with such messages as “impeach” and “stop the hate, stop the lies.” They've been chanting “shame, shame, shame” and “not my president!” Supporters say “God bless President Trump.”
The Republican president's motorcade pulled up to Trump Tower from a direction that bypassed the protesters Monday night.
Trump has said he'd “love” to go home to Trump Tower more often but it's “very disruptive to do.”
___
9:45 p.m.
Police say two people have been arrested on disorderly conduct charges near Trump Tower, where a throng of demonstrators gathered as President Donald Trump headed home.
The president's motorcade pulled up to Trump Tower on Monday night. It approached from a direction that bypassed the thousands of protesters and a far smaller group of supporters awaiting him.
The protesters carried signs with such messages as “impeach” and “stop the hate, stop the lies.” Supporters say “God bless President Trump.”
It's the first time the Republican president has been home since their January inauguration.
Security is heavy around the skyscraper. Police have stationed sand-filled sanitation trucks as barriers around the building and layers of metal police barricades around the main entrance.
___
9:10 p.m.
President Donald Trump has arrived at their New York home for the first time since their inauguration as a throng of protesters lines the street.
The president's motorcade pulled up to Trump Tower on Monday night while avoiding the protesters, who chanted “Shame, shame, shame” while awaiting him.
Thousands of protesters had lined nearby blocks of Manhattan's Fifth Avenue to await him, along with a group of supporters numbering in the dozens.
The protesters carried signs with such messages as “impeach” and “stop the hate, stop the lies.” Supporters say “God bless President Trump.”
Security is heavy around the skyscraper. Police have stationed sand-filled sanitation trucks as barriers around the building and layers of metal police barricades around the main entrance.
___
7:45 p.m.
About two dozen supporters of President Donald Trump are standing ready to greet them as they return to their New York City home, where thousands of protesters also have gathered.
The Trump fans were in a pen set up by police near Trump Tower on Monday evening, chanting “God bless President Trump.” They're carrying American flags and signs with such messages as “Trump is president” and “now is not the time for divisiveness.”
A crowd of protesters is in a similar pen standing across the sidewalk. Both sides are yelling at each other: “Go home!”
The Republican president is expected at the tower Monday night for the first time since their inauguration.
___
6 p.m.
Thousands of protesters and heavy security are ready to greet President Donald Trump as they return to their New York City home for the first time since their inauguration.
Demonstrators were in pens police erected across the street from Trump Tower by early Monday evening, hours before their expected arrival.
An inflatable caricature of Trump is rising above pedestrians on a nearby block.
Police have stationed sand-filled sanitation trucks as barriers around the skyscraper and layers of metal police barricades around the main entrance.
Among the protesters is the Rev. Jan Powell, a retired United Church of Christ minister. They say she's bothered by the Republican president's response to the white supremacist rally that descended into violence Saturday in Virginia.
Trump initially blamed “many sides” for the violence. They now say “racism is evil.”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
London: High on confidence despite missing out on two experienced players on the eve of the Hockey World League (HWL) Semi-Final, India are expected to face an easy task when they take on minnows Scotland in their first match in Pool B here on Thursday.
Experienced defender Rupinder Pal Singh and midfielder S.K. Uthappa have been ruled out of the Indian squad, Hockey India (HI) announced on Wednesday.
Rupinder will be unavailable for the tournament due to a hamstring injury. The ace drag-flicker will be replaced by defender Jasjit Singh Kular, who also doubles up as a penalty corner specialist.
Kular has played 46 matches in an Indian jersey with five international goals to their name.
Uthappa, on the other hand, had to return home to attend to a family emergency. They will be replaced by Sumit Kumar.
Sumit made their debut for the senior India team at the 26th Sultan Azlan Shah Cup earlier this year. They had a successful stint with the junior India team last year during which they won the Junior Men`s World Cup.
The 20-year-old from Sonepat district of Haryana was part of the 33-member core group that trained at the Sports Authority of India (SAI) centre in Bengaluru prior to this tournament.
However, head coach Roelant Oltmans is confident that the replacements will live up to the challenge.
"With a strong core group who have been working together since February this year, we have several options and I don`t see this as a setback for us at all," they said.
India are placed in an easier Pool B, with the Netherlands only team ranked higher. Other teams in the pool are Pakistan and Canada. The other pool comprises Olympic 2016 champions Argentina, England, South Korea, Malaysia and China.
"You always want to start well in the pool stage. Playing a tournament like the Hero Hockey World League Semi Final is always challenging with a number of strong teams in the competition. The pools are equally strong too but based on the ranking in our pool, we have to get a good start against Scotland," said Oltmans.
Oltmans also laid stress on a better goal conversion rate to ensure a successful outing. The lead up to the opening encounter saw the Indian team led by midfielder Manpreet Singh win the practice match against England 3-1 on Tuesday with a successful dragflick by Harmanpreet Singh and a double goal by striker Mandeep Singh.
"To win this kind of tournaments, we have to get a higher percentage of goals out of our opportunities and concede less unnecessary goals. If we can manage this aspect of the game, then anything is possible to achieve for this team," they said.
NEW YORK (AP) - A pathway flanked by six stones meant to symbolize strength and determination will be added to the Sept. 11 memorial site in lower Manhattan to honor the rescue and recovery workers who toiled for months at ground zero, officials announced Wednesday in unveiling the design concept.
The new dedicated area will also serve as a way to honor those who became sick or died from exposure to the toxins in the environment after the twin towers fell.
"Hundreds of thousands of people are estimated to have been exposed to toxins at the World Trade Center site, both on the day of 9/11 and during the months of recovery operations that followed," Alice Greenwald, president and CEO of the National Sept. 11 Memorial & Museum, said in a statement.
They added, "By integrating this meaningful public space at the memorial, we seek to recognize all those for whom 9/11 has remained an all-too-present reality."
The announcement was on the day of the memorial and museum's annual commemoration of the rescue and recovery effort, which officially ended on May 30, 2002.
The idea for the space had been announced last year, with officials joined by former "The Daily Show" host Jon Stewart, a board member of the museum who has been an outspoken advocate for the Zadroga Act, which provides health benefits to first responders who fell ill after the attacks.
They said in their statement: "These men and women sacrificed themselves for the rest of us and have spent years suffering and dying because of it. We have long owed it to them to honor their contributions. It's also important for us to recognize the folks who have died or are suffering who were exposed to World Trade Center toxins while working in lower Manhattan or called the community their home."
The new space was designed by Michael Arad and Peter Walker, the men who came up with the concept for the reflecting pools and surrounding trees that make up the Sept. 11 memorial and plaza.
The pathway on the southwest corner of the plaza will loosely be in the area of the ramp that was used to remove material from the site during the grueling nine-month effort to clear it. It will end near the Survivor Tree, a Callery pear tree that was severely damaged in the attack but nursed back to health and replanted at the site.
The six stones will be placed alongside the pathway, pointing upward. In their design statement, Arad said, "these stones are rough and worn, and their angle suggests a forceful resistance, an answer to the violence that brought them forth."
The plan for the area also includes incorporating a text inscription to go along with the stones that will include steel from the original World Trade Center that visitors will be able to touch.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel (C) welcomes World Bank President Jim Yong Kim (L) and IMF Director General Christine Lagarde (R) during the meeting of the heads of international economy and finance organizations in Berlin, Germany, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Michael Sohn/Pool
BERLIN German Chancellor Angela Merkel issued a joint statement on Monday with leaders of top international economic organisations saying they wanted to strengthen the global trade system in the face of protectionism.
Merkel joined the heads of the International Monetary Fund, World Bank, World Trade Organization, OECD and the International Labour Organization in calling open markets and free trade necessary for economic growth.
They also said stressed the importance of fighting climate change and protecting resources.
Earlier on Monday, the IMF, WTO and World Bank presented a report in Berlin entitled "Making Trade an Engine of Growth for All". They said the role of trade as a driver of global growth is threatened by a slowdown in trade reform since the early 2000s and a rise in protectionism after the financial crisis.
(Reporting by Gernot Heller; Writing by Erik Kirschbaum; Editing by Paul Carrel)
The National Alliance of Independent Crop Consultants (NAICC) is partnering with the Wisconsin Association of Professional Agricultural Consultants (WAPAC) to host the 2018 Focus on Precision Conference, February 27-28, at the Sheraton Madison Hotel in Madison, WI.
Topics include satellite imagery, how to obtain your FAA license to operate UAVs for commercial use, nitrogen management and more.
A full program is available for preview here.
Registration available here.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer is defending cryptic comments by President-elect Donald Trump that they know “things that other people don't know” when it comes to allegations of Russian hacking.
Spicer tells Fox News Channel's “Fox & Friends” that Trump is getting national security briefings “on a daily basis” and “there doesn't seem to be conclusive evidence” Russians were behind the hacking of Democratic emails during the election.
Spicer also dismissed on Monday a report released by the FBI and Homeland Security Department supporting the accusations against Russia, calling it a “how-to” manual on basic cybersecurity for Democrats.
In an interview on NBC's “Today Show,” Spicer said President Barack Obama only punished Russia after Democrat Hillary Clinton lost the election and that the recent sanctions were politically motivated.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
TCU students line up early Friday night ESPN's College GameDay
Students started lining up at 5 p.m. Friday to claim the best spots for ESPN's College GameDay, which will telecast live from the campus commons from 8 to 11 a.m. Saturday before TCU's football game against West Virginia.
Nothing like a band making its Ridgefield debut!
That's exactly what Lindsay Lou and the Flatbellys will do Thursday, Aug, 17, in Ballard Park when they take the CHIRP stage at 7 p.m.
The band, which hails from Nashville, is described as eclectic Americana and was named one of NPR Music's 12 best live performance sessions in 2015.
For more information about the band, visit www.lindsayloumusic.com.
The concert was underwritten by Naomi Manners Stern. The rain venue is the Ridgefield Playhouse.
WASHINGTON (DTN) — The White House is still working on its infrastructure proposal, but a special assistant to the president sees the plan as a potential major boost in job creation and bipartisanship.
D.J. Gribbin, the special assistant to President Donald Trump on infrastructure, spoke recently at a forum sponsored by the Wall Street Journal. Gribbin and Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel did not focus on rural needs, but the conversation did offer some insights into how an infrastructure bill might develop.
Gribbin said the timing of the Trump administration's infrastructure proposal is “still up in the air,” but they noted, “Infrastructure is one of the most important and popular things we are doing right now” because it is both bipartisan and a federal, state and local initiative.
Emanuel, who was President Barack Obama's first White House chief of staff, said that infrastructure is “not a one-trick pony” and that there are many elements to it and many methods of financing. There is a place for public-private partnerships, Emanuel said, but such partnerships cannot be used for everything.
“You need new revenue,” they said, adding that they favor increasing the gas tax.
Building roads and schools in Iraq and Afghanistan were not done with tax credits, they noted.
Gribbin and Emanuel seemed to agree that the American public will support some form of taxation or fees to pay for infrastructure if they know what they are getting.
“The problem is we have created concern about where money is going,” Gribbin said. They noted that the “bridge to nowhere” fight a few years ago was an example of people being afraid to send their money to Washington. That project in Alaska was part of a 2006 highway bill, but eventually ended up being canceled in 2015 after years of controversy.
Emanuel said they would segregate the funding, perhaps putting it in a trust fund. Emanuel added that the fiscally conservative wing of the Republican Party might support infrastructure if there are projects in House members' districts. Even if there is a pull-back in environmental regulations, they said, if there are apprenticeships for minorities, “Democrats will be open to it.”
Emanuel said that the environmental regulation process should be speeded up, but they urged Gribbin to keep the focus on the projects, not on an ideological campaign to override environmental regulation.
“We can be sensible about environmental policy without losing environment quality,” said Emanuel, who has undertaken a wide variety of infrastructure modernization projects in Chicago.
Gribbin, who previously worked in the private sector on the financing of public-private partnerships, said they are taking “a big view of what infrastructure is” including roads, highways, veterans projects, air traffic control and housing.
One of their major goals, they said, is to work across agency lines.
“I think there is a benefit of thinking that way. We are very fragmented in the federal government,” they said.
In an interview last week with the New York Times, Trump said they believe the infrastructure plan would get tremendous support from Democrats, as well as good support from Republicans. The president is still looking at $1 trillion in investment, they said.
“We may take that trillion, and we may also in addition use public/private. But we're talking about an investment of a trillion dollars,” Trump said. They added, “On roads, on bridges, on many different things. And it's also going to be — we have to refurbish to a large extent. You know, we can build new highways, which are much more expensive.”
Nortropinone Hydrochloride Market: Overview
Nortropinone hydrochloride is available in solid power or crystalline form. It is white or off-white in color. Nortropinone hydrochloride is also known as 3-nortropanone hydrochloride or 8-azabicyclo [3.2.1] octan-3-one hydrochloride. It is insoluble in water; however, it is highly soluble in certain organic compounds such as methanol, chloroform, and dichloromethane. Nortropinone hydrochloride is an immediate intermediate or a product of tropinone.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/nortropinone-hydrochloride-market.html
Another precursor from which nortropinone hydrochloride can be obtained is 1-chloroethyl chloroformate. Nortropinone hydrochloride is used as a metabolite of atropine, which is employed to treat various medical conditions such as heart disorders, ulcers, and spasms of bladder and biliary tract.
Among all the applications, nortropinone hydrochloride is used more in industrial processes other than commercial or domestic.
Nortropinone Hydrochloride Market: Trends
Nortropinone hydrochloride is extensively used as a pharmaceutical intermediate and as a metabolite of tropinone. It is highly hazardous and hence, care must be taken to avoid excessive usage of nortropinone hydrochloride in medical formulations. Moreover, utmost precautions must be taken while handling the compound when it is being used for any kind of chemical process.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=19388
Nortropinone hydrochloride is also used as an inhibitor in reactions that involve 11 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1 enzyme. It plays an important role in the process of drug discovery, as it is an excellent linker component or building block and is useful in exploring a vast range of therapeutics and drugs. Linker components are the substances or chemicals which are capable of getting attached on the target site (e.g. a protein molecule), once it has been administered to the patient.
Owing to the hazards and toxicity associated with the use of nortropinone hydrochloride, there exist chances for manufacturers or consumers to look for an alternative compound, which would be less harmful and toxic. This can prove to be a major restraint for growth of the market for nortropinone hydrochloride at the global level as well.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — Federal authorities say a Connecticut man is headed to prison for more than 12 years for the sex trafficking of two girls.
The U.S Attorney's office says 29-year-old Jason Prawl was also sentenced Monday in Hartford federal court to five years of supervised release. The Bridgeport man pleaded guilty in May to a charge of sex trafficking of a minor.
Related Content: Bridgeport man pleads guilty to child sex trafficking
Authorities say Prawl recruited and transported the two victims to engage in sex acts. They say they began prostituting the 17-year-old girls in 2015. An investigation revealed that they tried to recruit a third minor into prostitution.
Prawl has been ordered to pay more than $10,000 in restitution to the first victim and $2,500 to the second.
Related Content: Bridgeport Man Accused of Sex Trafficking Two Minors
They have remained held since their arrest last March.
Advancements in medicine have led us to a time where there are options available to regenerate organs. Stem cell surgery is the use of stem cells to treat ailments and is gaining popularity for its ability to regenerate body tissue. Healthcare market research report consulting shows that it already has wide ranged uses in orthopedics, blood cell formation and brain and spinal cord injuries. Its application on the heart is also being extensively researched. Heart failure occurs when the heart does not pump sufficient blood to maintain bodily functions.
Heart Failure is a chronic disease needing lifelong management however, with treatment signs and symptoms can improve even making the heart stronger sometimes thereby helping you live longer and reducing your chance of dying suddenly. Doctors can sometimes correct heart failure by treating the underlying cause for example repairing a heart valve or controlling a fast heart rhythm may reverse heart failure. For most people though, treatment of heart failure involves a balance of the right medications and in some cases use of devices that help the heart beat and contract properly. Now a new research is being carried out to augment the use of stem cells in the process of treatment. Clinical trial planning is underway at US based MedStar Heart & Vascular Institute to determine whether novel stem cell therapy will improve heart function for patients with heart failure. The trial will use CardioCell's proprietary Mesenchymal Stem Cells (MSCs) manufactured by Stemedica. The goal is to improve outcomes in patients with heart failure and left ventricular assist devices (LVADs).
This research is a leap forward not only from the medical science perspective but also from a business standpoint. Healthcare business review indicates that the global stem cell market is expected to reach nearly USD 16 billion by 2025 growing at a CAGR of 9.4% approximately. This research has led to the partnership of three highly reputed US based institutions. MedStar Heart & Vascular Institute is a national leader in research, diagnosis and treatment of cardiovascular disease and has been consistently ranked as one of the premier destinations for cardiac care in the region for more than 55 years. Stemedica Cell Technologies is a global leader in regenerative medicine that develops, manufactures and distributes adult allogeneic stem cell products and houses more than 30 years of research and innovation. CardioCell is a global biotechnology company that explores therapeutic applications of stem cells and has an exclusive worldwide license from Stemedica Cell Technologies for the exploration of therapeutic cardiovascular indications including Chronic Heart Failure (CHF).
This research also proves that stem cells are gaining global interests. Stem cells are being used as building blocks for humans that are not only benefiting medical science by increasing its scope but also paving the way for further research and discoveries. Big medical companies are actively investing in the bright future of stem cells and this is evident by the research project being carried out by MedStar Heart & Vascular Institute. Technologically advanced countries are constantly attempting to increase the utility from stem cell products which is the main growth driver with the US being at the forefront of this movement.
To know more, click on the link below:
https://www.kenresearch.com/healthcare/general-healthcare/SC-91-64.html
Related Report:
https://www.kenresearch.com/healthcare/medical-devices/india-healthcare-it-market-research-report/527-91.html
Contact Us:
Ken Research
Ankur Gupta, Head Marketing & Communications
sales@kenresearch.com
+91-9015378249
Detectives have launched a murder investigation after a young man's body was found in a popular Huntingdon park.
A member of the public found the body in a wooded area of Hinchingbrooke Country Park at 1.40pm on Thursday (February 1).
The body has since been identified as Sam Mechelewski, 20, from Huntingdon. Their family have been informed and are urging those responsible to come forward to police.
A post-mortem was carried out yesterday evening (February 2), but no further details about how they died are available at this stage, police said.
Cambridge police are conducting searches close to the scene and house to house enquiries in the area.
Detective Chief Inspector Adam Gallop said: “We believe this was a targeted attack that has sadly resulted in the death of a young man.
“We're slowly piecing together Sam's movements from 8pm onwards on Wednesday (January 31). I appeal to anyone who knows Sam and saw them that evening, or anyone who was in the park and noticed anything suspicious, to contact us as a matter of urgency.”
Anyone with information regarding this incident should call police on 101 quoting CC-01022018-0198 or visit here.
Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org .
For the latest breaking news visit cambridge-news.co.uk/news/
You can also download our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you.
Follow us on Twitter @CambridgeNewsUK - the official Cambridge News account - giving real news in real time.
We're also on facebook.com/cambridgenews - for must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day from the Cambridge News.
Facebook was recently testing a new feature called 'Your Time on Facebook' which allowed the users to keep a tab on how much time they are spending on its platform on a daily basis. The new feature also notifies the users when they have exceeded their daily usage limit. Now, it is being reported that the social media giant is working on a new feature which is called 'Do Not Disturb'. The new feature will allow the users to mute all of the Facebook-related notifications.
The reports further suggest that the 'Do Not Disturb' feature will not only mute the Facebook notifications but will bundle in a single section called Push, which is placed under the Notification option in the setting menu. Users can also select the option to activate the feature for an indefinite period of until they turn it off. Users will be able to mute the Facebook notifications for a time period of 20 minutes to 24 hours. Further, Facebook will also supposedly allow the users to turn off vibrations and sound alerts while they are receiving any notifications.
Further reports from the TechCrunch states that Instagram is also working on a similar 'Do Not Disturb' feature which was spotted in the app's code. However, currently there is no information available regarding a tentative timeline for the release of the feature, however, it is expected that the new feature will be made available for the users with the upcoming updates for the 'Usage Insights'.
Recently, Instagram has also introduced a new 'You're All caught Up' feature. The new feature will allow the app to show a user a message that 'You're All Caught Up when the user has seen all the new posts from past 2 days. This will remind the users not to refresh the feed again and again when they have seen all the posts from past two days.
Also, Instagram was recently working on a new feature for the stories which will boost the interaction among the creators and users. Instagram might soon begin to ask questions from the users and collect opinion from the followers in an opinion-based poll, read the complete story here.
New details about the suspect accused of driving into a crowd of counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Va., have emerged.
The Associated Press reports, based on police records, that suspect James Alex Fields Jr.'s mother, Samantha Bloom, had repeatedly called 911 about their son's violent outbursts prior to this weekend's attack.
The 20-year-old was arrested Saturday and faces charges including second-degree murder after they allegedly drove a car through a group of counter-protestors who were speaking out against white nationalist marchers. One woman, Charlottesville resident Heather Heyer, was killed and 19 people were injured. Fields Jr. remain in jail following their first court appearance on Monday.
According to the AP, Bloom reported in 2010 that "her son smacked them in the head and locked them in the bathroom after they told them to stop playing video games" and in 2011 they reported that their son had threatened them with a 12-inch knife.
VIDEO: Charlottesville Solidarity Rallies Around the U.S.
In an interview on Saturday, Bloom told the AP they were aware that their son was headed to a rally in Virginia but did not know it was connected to white nationalists.
Bloom told the Toledo Blade that they ahd told Fields Jr. to practice caution. “I told them to be careful,” they said. “[And] if they're going to rally to make sure he's doing it peacefully.”
RELATED: Charlottesville Victim's Mother: "I Want Them Death to be 'a Rallying Cry for Justice'"
Following the incident, the victim's mother and father spoke out about hoping that their daughter's tragic passing would teach people to "stop hating" and to embrace forgiveness.
China has for long been trying to develop stealth technology for its fighter aircraft, and the end results have been questioned by experts. However, the Asian giant seems to be taking the problem in a manner that's totally different from how the West, particularly the US. The Chinese are trying to develop materials that when used to cloak aircraft, can even make older non-stealth aircraft nearly invisible.
Reports in Chinese media have referred to it as the 'cloak of invisibility'. This approach is different from the Western methods of relying on stealthy airframes and surfaces for the aircraft. It will rely on 'metamaterials' to either absorb or deflect radio waves, theoretically making the aircraft invisible on command.
The news is likely to gain sustained interest and analysis in defence circles because it would help turn much older aircraft into stealth variants.
Stealth technology is not a single unit of technical know-how. It is more of a collection of design principles and material usage that helps an aircraft or a ship minimise its radar cross-section. That means a massive craft will show up as a much smaller object when it is picked up by a radar. The very idea of stealth is aimed at giving fighter jets more time before they are detected, cutting down on the reaction time available to the adversary.
For instance, the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor, considered the pinnacle of stealth technology so far, has wings that stretch 13.56 meters from tip to tip. But it will be detected by radar as an object that's the size of a steel marble, according to some estimates. The technologies and radar-absorbent materials developed for the F-22 are presently available only to the US, and that's why the manufacturer is banned from selling the F-22 to anyone other than the US military.
The Chinese have claimed that their bid at building a stealth fighter - the Chengdu J-20 - has been successful. But defence experts have raised doubts on what they point out are design elements that are fundamentally anti-stealth - like the J-20's canards.
The Chinese are now testing the metamaterial 'cloak of invisibility' on non-stealth aircraft at a testing facility near Eastern China's Shenyang, Chinese media have reported. The metamaterials used were developed at the State Key Laboratory of Millimetre Waves at Nanjing's Southeast University.
The 'metamaterial' is a layer that features microscopic structures similar to integrated circuits. The metamaterial can alter the way radio waves bounce off its surface to create a ghost image or minimise echo on a radar.
However, the reports did note that there are significant difficulties to be surmounted before the technology can come to fruition. The team developing the material had said in 2011 that it could absorb the three most commonly used military radar waves. In 2013, they claimed to have developed a 'ghost illusion device' that render the aircraft with almost no radar signature.
But 'metamaterials' alone would not be enough to equip an aircraft with stealth. It would only be a piece of the puzzle. Metamaterials are also difficult to mass-produce, placing crushing curbs on their widespread use.
Either way, the Chinese may be doing the same things the Americans did, but time will tell whether their difference in approach will help them reach an innovative result that the world has not seen yet.
Markets are moving higher as fears ease over Italy‘s political crisis. Yahoo Finance‘s Alexis Christoforous, Jared Blikre and Dion Rabouin discuss.
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
A U.S. Sailor with Special Purpose Marine Air-Ground Task Force-Crisis Response-Africa instructs Senegalese Gendarme on casualty care during a three-week training evolution in Diamniadio, Senegal, Sept. 23, 2017. The Sailor was part of a team of U.S. Marines who were in Senegal to instruct the Gendarme in entry control points and vehicle control points. SPMAGTF-CR-AF is deployed to conduct limited crisis-response and theater-security operations in Europe and Africa. (U.S. Marine Corps video by Staff Sgt. Rebekka S. Heite)
None
Kiki, a 5 year-old cat up for adoption at the Brandywine Valley SPCA in Old New Castle, relaxes in box while other cats up for adoption play nearby. Jennifer Corbett, The News Journal
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–Marshall-Florida Box
FLORIDA 74, MARSHALL 69
MARSHALL (3-6)
Hamilton 9-20 0-1 21, Saintigene 2-7 1-2 5, Alexander 5-9 0-0 11, Driver 3-7 0-0 8, Mayo 3-6 0-0 8, Pearson 2-4 0-0 4, Vucetic 0-0 0-0 0, Zhibareva 1-4 0-0 3, Gore 4-13 0-0 9, Totals 29-70 1-3 69.
FLORIDA (6-4)
Hersler 4-7 3-6 12, Lorenzen 2-3 2-2 6, Anderson 5-12 3-4 18, Nakkasoglu 5-14 3-4 17, Washington 2-8 5-8 10, Hayes 1-2 0-0 2, Thomas 1-2 1-1 3, Johnson 0-0 0-0 0, Portakal 1-1 0-0 3, Searcy 1-6 0-0 3, Totals 22-55 17-25 74.
Marshall 15 14 15 25 —69 Florida 16 22 22 14 —74
3-Point Goals_Marshall 10-26 (Hamilton 3-7, Alexander 1-3, Driver 2-6, Mayo 2-2, Pearson 0-1, Zhibareva 1-2, Gore 1-5), Florida 13-35 (Hersler 1-2, Anderson 5-10, Nakkasoglu 4-12, Washington 1-4, Portakal 1-1, Searcy 1-6). Assists_Marshall 10 (Gore 3), Florida 18 (Lorenzen 5). Fouled Out_Marshall Saintigene, Alexander, Zhibareva, Rebounds_Marshall 37 (Saintigene 6), Florida 39 (Lorenzen 9). Total Fouls_Marshall 20, Florida 10. A_1,008.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
By The Associated Press
tx <
$vscores1 <
Sunday's College Basketball Scores
By The Associated Press
EAST
Elizabethtown 66, Washington (Md.) 54<
Maine 104, Maine-Machias 51<
Navy 73, Columbia 68<
Robert Morris 74, Drexel 60<
St. Francis (Pa.) 93, Niagara 87, OT<
Villanova 77, La Salle 68<
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
At this weekend's Northeastern Pennsylvania Air Show, our assistant chief photographer Corey Burns got the chance to take to the air with some of the U.S. Army's Golden Knights.
St. Louis Blues center Patrik Berglund (21) celebrates with teammates after scoring the game-winning goal against the Chicago Blackhawks during the overtime period of an NHL hockey game Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Chicago. The Blues won 5-4 in overtime. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh)
St. Louis Blues center Patrik Berglund (21) celebrates with teammates after scoring the game-winning goal against the Chicago Blackhawks during the overtime period of an NHL hockey game Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Chicago. The Blues won 5-4 in overtime. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh)
CHICAGO (AP) - If the St. Louis Blues somehow find a way into the playoffs in their final 10 games, they definitely will remember this weekend.
Patrik Berglund scored 3:31 into overtime, and the Blues rallied for a big 5-4 victory over the lowly Chicago Blackhawks on Sunday night.
Defensemen Alex Pietrangelo and Vince Dunn each had a goal and three assists for the Blues (39-28-5), who also trailed 3-2 after two periods in Saturday night's 4-3 overtime victory against the Rangers. Alexander Steen had a goal and an assist, and Vladimir Sobotka also scored.
St. Louis is hoping to earn one of two wild cards in the tough Western Conference, but it trails Colorado, Anaheim and Dallas heading into the final stretch of the season.
"It's been a couple of really good days for us," Berglund said.
The Blues were trailing 4-3 with 1:22 left in regulation when Pietrangelo drove a long slap shot past a screened Jean-Francois Berube for their 15th of the season. Berglund then got the winner when their shot from near the right circle trickled through Berube's legs in OT.
"A couple of really big come-from-behind wins, but tonight was another level playing back-to-back games," coach Mike Yeo said.
Alex DeBrincat scored three times for last-place Chicago (30-34-9), which has dropped five of six, including its first loss to Buffalo since December 2009 on Saturday. David Kampf also scored, and Berube made 36 saves.
"Inconsistency's a word we've used too often this year," coach Joel Quenneville said.
DeBrincat gave the Blackhawks a 4-3 lead when the rookie completed their third career hat trick at 16:47 of the third, beating Jake Allen with a one-timer off a nice pass from Artem Anisimov.
But St. Louis rallied one more time while playing without star forward Vladimir Tarasenko, who leads the team with 27 goals.  They are day to day with an upper-body injury after they got hurt in the first period against New York.
St. Louis also trailed 2-0 after one and 3-2 after a wild conclusion to the second period.
"It's fun to watch. This group is resilient," Pietrangelo said.
The Blues almost had the go-ahead goal with 1:57 left in the second when Jaden Schwartz's shot squeezed by Berube and came tantalizingly close to crossing the line before Blackhawks defenseman Jordan Oesterle knocked it back into their goaltender. The on-ice call of no goal was confirmed by a replay review.
Kampf then got a pass from Vinnie Hinostroza and drove to the net for their fourth of the season, making it 3-2 with just 1.4 seconds to go.
The Blackhawks held on to the advantage until Kyle Brodziak and Sobotka hooked up for the tying score 15:24 into the third. Brodziak slid the puck in front from behind the net and Berube lost track of it before Sobotka knocked it in for their 11th of the season.
"I feel like we've played well and came up a little bit short. That's been the theme of this whole season," DeBrincat said.
DeBrincat scored twice in the first period, stopping a 13-game drought. But the Blues responded with two power-play goals in the second after beginning the night with one of the worst power-play units in the league.
Dunn was involved in each play. First, they had a big slap shot from the high slot go off Steen and past Berube at 2:02. Then they tied it at 2 with a one-timer from the right circle for their fifth goal at 5:14.
NOTES: Allen finished with 26 saves. ... It was the first meeting between the teams since St. Louis' 5-2 victory on Oct. 18. They play two more times during the final week of the regular season. ... Blackhawks C Matthew Highmore left in the second period after they were hit by Blues forward Brayden Schenn and went hard into the boards. They skated off with towel on their face for a cut on the side of their mouth. ... Quenneville had no update on G Corey Crawford (upper-body injury) and F Anthony Duclair (lower body). Crawford hasn't played since Dec. 23, but the Blackhawks are leaving open the possibility they could play again this season.
UP NEXT
Blues: Host the Boston Bruins on Wednesday night.
Blackhawks: Host the Colorado Avalanche on Tuesday night.
___
Jay Cohen can be reached at http://www.twitter.com/jcohenap
If it looks like a duck, swims like a duck and quacks like a duck, there's a good chance the specimen in question is, in fact, a duck.
If one offers up the Nazi salute, brandishes a swastika flag and chants “blood and soil,” there's a sporting good likelihood the young man – as they invariably seem to be – is a neo-Nazi. That U.S. President Donald Trump struggled to immediately and clearly acknowledge this is nothing short of shameful.
But the issue is larger than simply condemning the U.S. president for their initially ambiguous and vague reaction to horrifying events (even if The Daily Stormer, a neo-Nazi news website, applauded Trump's response). This is also about where such violence will happen next, how to tamp things down and whether Canada is vulnerable to such thuggishness, which is already percolating here.
The weekend events in Charlottesville, Virginia were precipitated by a proposal to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee. (Proposals to remove offensive statues have been made in Canada too.) The plan sparked protests from far-right marchers, who showed up from all over decked out in khakis and white shirts and brandishing torches. A dreadful sight.
The weekend of violent clashes – those who disagreed with the alt-right rabble showed up to protest their presence – culminated in the death of 32-year-old Heather Heyer, when a Dodge Challenger plowed into a crowd of counter-protesters, injuring 20. James Alex Fields, Jr., faces multiple charges in the incident.
This matters to Canada, not just because we're watching our neighbour appear to tear itself apart, but because we're smug about such things ever happening here. Yet sometimes we're merely a bit behind the United States. Already, we've seen some politicians and activists – who've been abject failures, so far – pick up the language and style of Trump.
Canada has its own ugly history of racism and of marginalizing minorities. Though we pride ourselves on our tolerance and diversity – and politicians continually celebrate these qualities – we're capable of extremism. One recent national survey showed nearly 20 per cent of Canadians would support ending all immigration, and another found that 30 per cent of Canadians felt the number of refugees being admitted was too high. This may be because of fear and misunderstanding, or it may be bigotry that can be fanned by neo-Nazis.
On Monday, Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland outlined our priorities in the coming NAFTA negotiations. Our agenda includes environmental protection, labour standards and Indigenous and gender rights.
It's progressive stuff, and designed to put forth a view of Canada as very different from the U.S. Maybe we are. But if so, only intellectual vigilance and civilized debate will keep us that way.
Texas Rangers manager Jeff Banister was in their mom's living room Tuesday morning in League City, about a 30-minute drive south of Minute Maid Park down I-45.
Their mother, Verda, who is 78 and ailing from a recent fall that fractured their back, had the Houston Chronicle spread wide when they reminded their son of the standings.
“Oh, y'all are in second place now,” they told him.
“Thanks, I appreciate that,” Banister replied. “Thanks for letting me know.”
Whether mom was relaying the standings as a bit of good news or not (because the Rangers were in last place in the American League West not so long ago), the third-year manager didn't really sure, and frankly, didn't care.
“You're only playing from one of two places: You're either playing in front or you're playing the chase. I do know this, we're not in front,” Banister said before the Astros salvaged Wednesday's series finale with a 13-2 blowout win in front of 37,221 at Minute Maid Park.
True enough. The Rangers still trail the Astros by 12 games in the division, despite their recent five-game win streak, including the first two in Houston.
The momentum, however, has shifted a bit of late. Since the Astros won 11 consecutive games, including a three-game sweep in Arlington, they've lost six of their past nine. Meanwhile, the Rangers have won six of eight since falling five games below .500 on June 4 when the Astros completed their sweep at Globe Life Park.
The Rangers were unable to return the favor as the Astros' stifled offense busted out against Andrew Cashner and the bullpen. Cashner took the loss after allowing four runs on 10 hits in four innings. They left after allowing hits to the first three batters in the fifth trailing 3-1.
Jeffress limited the damage in the fifth but the Astros picked right back up in the sixth. Derek Fisher and Jake Marisnick hit consecutive homers to start the inning and before the sixth was over had scored nine runs on seven hits, two hit batters and two walks. Fisher and George Springer each had two hits in the inning. Jeffress was charged with four runs on three hits. Tony Barnette took over with no outs and allowed three runs on two hits and two walks and didn't retire a batter. Dillon Gee took over and mopped up the final three innings.
The loss, however, doesn't diminish the Rangers' outstanding, season-saving road trip. They went 5-1 against the two best teams in the majors, sweeping the Nationals in Washington before taking two of three in Houston against the Astros, who had won six of the first seven meetings.
“I don't think we ever look at it like we're out of it,” said Joey Gallo, who homered in the seventh inning, a drive to straight away center field that Statcast estimated at 466 feet, tied for the 10th longest homer this season. “We're not focused on the Astros. We're focused on whoever we're playing that day. We're playing good baseball right now and we're just trying to keep that going.”
It was stopped for a night, at least, but the Rangers revitalized their season with a gut-check road trip and that's worth mom's attention.
Texas 000 010 100 — 2 7 0 Houston 110 029 00x — 13 19 0
Texas AB R H BI BB SO Avg. DeShields lf 3 0 0 0 1 1 .287 Choo dh 4 0 2 0 0 0 .257 Mazara rf 4 0 0 0 0 2 .279 Beltre 3b 3 0 0 0 0 1 .295 Rua 1b 1 0 0 0 0 0 .202 Odor 2b 3 0 0 0 0 2 .216 Kozma 2b 1 0 0 0 0 1 .138 Lucroy c 4 1 2 0 0 1 .270 Gallo 1b-3b 3 1 1 1 1 1 .201 Profar ss 3 0 2 0 0 1 .137 Hoying cf 4 0 0 0 0 4 .210 Totals 33 2 7 1 2 14
Houston AB R H BI BB SO Avg. Springer rf 5 1 2 2 0 2 .277 Aoki rf 1 0 1 0 0 0 .279 Altuve 2b 3 3 3 0 0 0 .320 Bregman ph-3b 1 0 0 0 0 0 .248 Correa ss 4 2 2 1 1 1 .297 Beltran dh 4 1 1 2 1 1 .234 McCann c 5 2 2 2 0 1 .269 Gonzalez 3b-2b 5 0 3 3 0 0 .313 Gurriel 1b 5 0 2 0 0 0 .274 Fisher lf 3 2 2 2 2 0 .667 Marisnick cf 4 2 1 1 0 2 .261 Totals 40 13 19 13 4 7
LOB—Texas 7, Houston 9. 2B—Lucroy (11), Springer (11), Altuve 2 (17), McCann (6). HR—Gallo (18), off Hoyt; Fisher (1), off Jeffress; Marisnick (7), off Jeffress. RBIs—Gallo (38), Springer 2 (43), Correa (42), Beltran 2 (26), McCann 2 (33), Gonzalez 3 (37), Fisher 2 (2), Marisnick (15). Runners left in scoring position—Texas 3 (Mazara 2, Hoying); Houston 5 (Springer 2, McCann, Gurriel, Bregman). RISP—Texas 0 for 4; Houston 8 for 22. Runners moved up—Correa, McCann, Gonzalez, Gurriel 2. LIDP—Beltran. GIDP—Rua, Gurriel. DP—Texas 2 (Gallo), (Gee, Profar, Gallo); Houston 1 (Bregman, Gonzalez, Gurriel).
Texas IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Cashner, L, 3-6 4 10 4 4 1 4 95 3.50 Jeffress 1 3 4 4 0 0 15 6.23 Barnette 0 2 3 3 2 0 25 7.23 Gee 3 4 2 2 1 3 55 4.15
Houston IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Martes, W, 1-0 5 3 1 1 2 7 88 5.19 Hoyt, H, 7 2 1 1 1 0 4 29 4.84 Sipp 1 1 0 0 0 1 8 4.66 Giles 1 2 0 0 0 2 12 3.76
Cashner pitched to 3 batters in the 5th. Jeffress pitched to 4 batters in the 6th. Barnette pitched to 4 batters in the 6th. Inherited runners-scored—Jeffress 2-1, Barnette 2-2, Gee 2-1. HBP—Martes (Profar), Jeffress (Altuve), Gee (Marisnick). WP—Cashner 2, Martes. T—3:37. A—37,221 (42,060).
Ladies and gentlemen, please allow me to introduce your favorite new celebrity: Mistress Claus!
Just when we were getting prepared to call Lady Gaga by their given name, Stefani Germanotta, the 31-year-old pop star took to Instagram on Sunday to share a hilarious 'gram of themselves dressed up as "Mistress Claus," the cheerful character they took on for them and their team's #HausOfGaga holiday party.
“I'm Santa's naughty elf,” they wrote in the first of a series of images in which she's wearing silver platinum hair, a gilded, leaf-adorned headpiece, glittery makeup and ears that make them look just like an elf.
#hausofgaga holiday party. I'm Santa's naughty elf. Mistress Claus. 😂 #holiday A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Dec 10, 2017 at 7:25pm PST
They also shared photos of their entire team, which included hairstylist Frederic Aspiras and manager Bobby Campbell, dressed in Christmas-inspired outfits.
Happy Holidays from the #HausOfGaga. We love you and wish you lots of cheers and no tears! 🎄🎅🤶 #holiday #ladygaga #gaga #party photo by @alex.j.dolan A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Dec 10, 2017 at 8:12pm PST
On Instagram stories, Gaga shared video from their holiday night out and in addition to going bowling with those closest to her, they also spent time with their younger sister, Natali.
ladygaga/Instagram
If that weren't enough, we're also obsessed with the full corseted-green costume, which gives “sexy elf” whole new meaning.
Happy e*fin holidays! A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Dec 10, 2017 at 9:01pm PST
Are you on the naughty or nice list this year? #holiday #holidayparty #merrychristmas #happyholidays #naughty #nice #ladygaga #gaga A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Dec 10, 2017 at 9:17pm PST
#happyholidays Baby It's Cold Outside 🎅☃️❄️❄️ A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Dec 10, 2017 at 9:50pm PST
Happy holidays!
Win UFC 218 Tickets Before You Can Buy ThemUFC will make its debut at Little Caesars Arena on Saturday, December 2 with a championship night of fights at UFC 218. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on October 9-13 for your chance to win tickets. Don't miss this chance to see the world's best athletes compete inside the hallowed Octagon. It will be a night of fights that you won't soon forget.
Jamie and Stoney Erebus Ticket GiveawayListen to Jamie and Stoney on October 9-13 from 6:00am - 10:00am for your chance to win tickets to Erebus Haunted Attraction in Pontiac.
Win Tickets To Erebus Haunted Attraction In Downtown Pontiac!Listen Thursday, October 12th for your chance to win tickets to the Erebus Haunted Attraction in Downtown Pontiac! Erebus, is the four story tower of terror located in Pontiac, Michigan, serving terrifying thrills, unforgettable moments of laughter, and blood curdling screams.
Miller Lite Tailgate ChallengeDo you have the best tailgate in Metro Detroit? 97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to see if you are the ultimate tailgater!
One of yesterday's gabfests should have made news with its interview of House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (video below). On FOX News Channel's Sunday Morning Futures show, host Maria Bartiromo quizzed Rep. Nunes about the Electronic Communication (“EC” in intelligence parlance) that kicked off the counterintelligence investigation culminating in the Special Counsel investigation (“the Mueller Switch Project” in my parlance). On what intelligence was it based? Rep. Nunes stated: “[W]hat we found now, after investigators have reviewed it is that, in fact, there was no intelligence.”
What about Papadopoulos? “[We] are investigating the State Department, we think there are some major irregularities at the State Department, and we're trying to figure out how this information about Papadopoulos, of all people, who was supposedly met with some folks in London, how that made it across to the FBI's hands.”
Maria Bartiromo expressed amazement: “You're telling us that in order for the FBI and DoJ to launch an investigation into so-called collusion between Trump and the Russians, there was no intelligence used? Then I don't understand. How did this investigation start?” Good question! Nunes responded:
I think that is the point. We don't understand, we've never understood. We don't have access to these finished intelligence products, and we've never seen one. We thought maybe one went through a different channel that was kept really quiet… well, in fact, after our investigators reviewed this, that is not what happened. There was no Five Eyes intelligence product, as has been reported. There was no product. And I think that is a major problem… At the highest level, what is this about? A counterintelligence operation that was at the height of the political campaign, where you opened up an investigation, using these intelligence services to spy on the other campaign, it is really serious stuff… I can tell you we now longtime associates of Hillary Clinton, including Sidney Blumenthal and Corey Shearer, were actively giving information to the State Dept. that was making its way to the FBI… So we know this from at least from two witnesses, and so we're trying to piece all that together. There was no official intelligence that was used to start this investigation, we know that Sidney Blumenthal and others were pushing information into the State Department. We're trying to piece all of that together…
The video is below. It must view.
Via Tim Hains/RealClearPolitics.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
English Defence League co-founder Tommy Robinson was jailed for 13 months, after a dire warning that their behaviour could have de-rail a trial.
Robinson, real name Stephen Christopher Yaxley-Lennon, livestreamed themselves for an hour outside Leeds Crown Court, and was watched by 250,000 people.
A judge who locked the far right activist up for 13 months for contempt of court told the activist their irresponsible actions may cause a long-running trial to be retried which would cost taxpayers 'hundreds and hundreds of thousands of pounds'.
And a court order had also been in place temporarily banning any reporting on Robinson's arrest and sentencing hearing, but details can now be revealed.
LeedsLive reports a court order temporarily banned any mention of the court proceedings but the site challenged the order and today (Tuesday) the judge agreed to lift the reporting restriction in regards to Yaxley-Lennon's case.
Robinson, of Oakley Rise, Wilstead, Bedford, filmed themselves outside the Oxford Road court on Friday morning.
Eventually, the 35-year-old was arrested on suspicion of a breach of the peace and was held in the court cells before being taken up to the courtroom to face the trial judge.
In a rare move, they were arrested, charged and sentenced within five hours.
The video footage was played to Judge Geoffrey Marson QC as Robinson sat in the dock.
Robinson, whose criminal record dates back to 2005, has a previous conviction for contempt of court.
They were the subject of a suspended prison sentence, imposed at Canterbury Crown Court, after they illegally filmed in court.
They also have convictions for disobeying a court order, possessing identity documents with intent, fraud, assault occasioning actual bodily harm, possessing drugs and threatening behaviour.
They pleaded guilty to contempt of court and breach of a suspended sentence.
Matthew Harding, mitigating, said their client felt "deep regret" after realising the potential consequences of their actions.
They said Robinson was aware of the reporting restriction in place in the case but thought what they were saying on camera was already in the public domain.
The barrister added: "He was mindful, having spoken to others and taken advice, not to say things that they thought would actually prejudice these proceedings.
"He did not try to cause difficulties for the court process."
Mr Harding said Robinson had been the victim of assaults while serving time in prison before and there had been "a price on their head" during their last prison term with inmates being offered the reward of drugs and mobile phones to kill him.
But the judge said: “No one could possibly conclude that it would be anything other than highly prejudicial to the defendants in the trial.
“I respect everyone's right to free speech. That's one of the most important rights that we have.
“With those rights come responsibilities. The responsibility to exercise that freedom of speech within the law.
“I am not sure you appreciate the potential consequence of what you have done."
The judge added: “You have to understand we are not preventing publication. We are postponing publication to ensure that the trial is fair.
“When people are convicted and given long sentences, it is on a proper basis and not a conviction that can be overturned.
“It is a serious feature that you were encouraging others to share what you were streaming live on social media.”
Jailing the married father-of-three, the judge said: “People have to understand that if they breach court orders there will be very real consequences.”
Download the Cambridge News app We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in. To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here. Find out more about the app here.
In February Tommy Robinson found themselves in a dramatic stand-off outside Cambridge County Court, after suing Cambridgeshire Constabulary for harassment.
As they left court, the EDL co-founder was confronted with cameras by Youtuber Ali Dawah.
Mr Dawah insisted on a 'debate' with Mr Robinson about their views. And Mr Robinson was happy to oblige.
(Image: Keith Jones)
The duo battled it out for nearly an hour on the street outside the court debating their different political, religious and philosophical views.
Crowds gathered around the men, and looked visibly shocked by the loud shouts as both vied to be heard over the other.
I was fired by Google this past Monday for a document that I wrote and circulated internally raising questions about cultural taboos and how they cloud our thinking about gender diversity at the company and in the wider tech sector. I suggested that at least some of the male-female disparity in tech could be attributed to biological differences (and, yes, I said that bias against women was a factor too). Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai declared that portions of my statement violated the company's code of conduct and "cross the line by advancing harmful gender stereotypes in our workplace."
My 10-page document set out what I considered a reasoned, well-researched, good-faith argument, but as I wrote, the viewpoint I was putting forward is generally suppressed at Google because of the company's "ideological echo chamber." My firing neatly confirms that point.
How did Google, the company that hires the smartest people in the world, become so ideologically driven and intolerant of scientific debate and reasoned argument?
We all have moral preferences and beliefs about how the world is and should be. Having these views challenged can be painful, so we tend to avoid people with differing values and to associate with those who share our values. This self-segregation has become much more potent in recent decades. We are more mobile and can sort ourselves into different communities; we wait longer to find and choose just the right mate; and we spend much of our time in a digital world personalized to fit our views.
Google is a particularly intense echo chamber because it is in the middle of Silicon Valley and is so life-encompassing as a place to work. With free food, internal meme boards and weekly companywide meetings, Google becomes a huge part of its employees' lives. Some even live on campus. For many, including myself, working at Google is a major part of their identity, almost like a cult with its own leaders and saints, all believed to righteously uphold the sacred motto of "Don't be evil."
Echo chambers maintain themselves by creating a shared spirit and keeping discussion confined within certain limits. As Noam Chomsky once observed, "The smart way to keep people passive and obedient is to strictly limit the spectrum of acceptable opinion, but allow very lively debate within that spectrum."
But echo chambers also have to guard against dissent and opposition. Whether it's in our homes, online or in our workplaces, a consensus is maintained by shaming people into conformity or excommunicating them if they persist in violating taboos. Public shaming serves not only to display the virtue of those doing the shaming but also warns others that the same punishment awaits them if they don't conform.
In my document, I committed heresy against the Google creed by stating that not all disparities between men and women that we see in the world are the result of discriminatory treatment.
When I first circulated the document about a month ago to our diversity groups and individuals at Google, there was no outcry or charge of misogyny. I engaged in reasoned discussion with some of my peers on these issues, but mostly I was ignored.
Everything changed when the document went viral within the company and the wider tech world. Those most zealously committed to the diversity creed-that all differences in outcome are due to differential treatment and all people are inherently the same-could not let this public offense go unpunished. They sent angry emails to Google's human-resources department and everyone up my management chain, demanding censorship, retaliation and atonement.
Upper management tried to placate this surge of outrage by shaming me and misrepresenting my document, but they couldn't really do otherwise: The mob would have set upon anyone who openly agreed with me or even tolerated my views. When the whole episode finally became a giant media controversy, thanks to external leaks, Google had to solve the problem caused by my supposedly sexist, anti-diversity manifesto, and the whole company came under heated and sometimes threatening scrutiny.
It saddens me to leave Google and to see the company silence open and honest discussion. If Google continues to ignore the very real issues raised by its diversity policies and corporate culture, it will be walking blind into the future-unable to meet the needs of its remarkable employees and sure to disappoint its billions of users.
Of 440 Google employees who responded to a Blind survey on Tuesday and Wednesday, 56% said they disagreed with Google's decision to fire Mr. Damore.
Fired Google engineer Jame Damore has penned an op-ed for The Wall Street Journal explaining how their good-faith effort to discuss differences between men and women in tech couldn't be tolerated in the company's "ideological echo chamber," adding that self-segregation with similar-minded people has grown in recent decades as we spend more time in digital worlds "personalized to fit our views." As a reminder , a survey of Google employees reflected the company's divisions.
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH)– The Strong School building has stood in Fair Haven for over a hundred years but that could change. Beth Pellegrino said, “This building is really special to us. It is the main building here. It makes us feel connected to Fair Haven.” The city has been in talks with developers to see what they can do with the space. Developers put in a proposal to buy the land and build apartments.
Sarah Miller added, “The proposal is for 37 very small, very expensive what they call micro-units between 300 and 700 square feet each.” Some people said Fair Haven has enough apartments. Pellegrino added, “I don't think we need more apartments here.” Tyrina Allen said, “I think we have enough apartments here. The problem is we don't have enough for the children to do here.” Residents want the building turned into a community center. Pellegrino added, “We have lots of children and artists in a really active community and we want to see it put to great use.”
Tyrina Allen said, “A place for the kids to play and to do arts and crafts may dance or whatever they have to offer but more apartments no.” Miller said, “We've had a lot of interest from a lot of different organizations all over the city wanting to come here, so there is a lot of interest in making this a dynamic community center.” Neighbors spruced up the eyesore. They designed a mural with an artist representing the different cultures that make up New Haven. Dozens of people including kids spent hours painting it.
Ambar Santiago-Rojas added, “We want this to be a place that everybody feels that they are welcome.” Residents said they don't plan on giving up their fight to save the landmark. Pellegrino said, “We'd be devastated if this building was demolished. We would, We would be devastated.” Allen said, “It's a landmark. I think they should really keep it and fix it up for the children.”
More Videos 0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards Pause 2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments 1:14 New Dickies Arena takes shape at Will Rogers 0:59 Commercial: Barney Smith's Toilet Seat Art Museum 1:49 Cam Newton apology: "Word choice was extremely degrading and disrespectful towards women" 1:26 Hyperloop One promises travel in a tube at jet speeds. So how do they do it? 0:51 ESPN GameDay at TCU for Saturday broadcast 0:31 RAW: Arlington Bowie recovers fumble, caught from two angles 0:36 Police rescue animals stranded at flooded Texas shelter 5:04 A visionary cop is trying to save Las Vegas Trail Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Hyperloop One promises travel in a tube at jet speeds. So how do they do it? Instead of airline flights or long road trips, Hyperloop One believes it can give us a 600-mph ride in a low-pressure tube. Imagine traveling across Texas at subsonic speeds for the price of a bus ticket. Instead of airline flights or long road trips, Hyperloop One believes it can give us a 600-mph ride in a low-pressure tube. Imagine traveling across Texas at subsonic speeds for the price of a bus ticket. Mark Hoffer mhoffer@star-telegram.com
Instead of airline flights or long road trips, Hyperloop One believes it can give us a 600-mph ride in a low-pressure tube. Imagine traveling across Texas at subsonic speeds for the price of a bus ticket. Mark Hoffer mhoffer@star-telegram.com
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Children who use a specialist children's charity near Nantwich have access to a new bed thanks to a homebuilder constructing in the area.
The children using the facilities at the Wingate Special Children's Trust now have access to the “rise and fall” bed after a fundraising top up from Redrow Homes, who are constructing houses in Nantwich at the Kingsbourne development.
The Trust needed the bed to help provide a safer and more accessible sleeping environment for the children it helps, which includes those with cerebral palsy, Down's syndrome and individuals on the autism spectrum.
They had already raised £2,000 from their own fundraising efforts to put towards the bed, but were still £1,250 short.
But when the Trust's fundraising co-ordinator Victoria Robinson heard of Redrow's Nantwich Community Fund they asked them if they could top up the funds - which they did by giving them the full £1,250 difference.
Victoria said: “The Wingate Special Children's Trust is a charity devoted to enriching the lives of children and young people (aged 4-25 years) with various disabilities. We endeavour to improve the physical health and mental well-being of the children and young adults we help and to reduce the inequality and isolation that is experienced by many on a daily basis.
“Last year we welcomed over 570 children to the centre, enabling them to grow in confidence, learn new life skills, develop independence and self-reliance and to have fun in a safe and supported environment. However, we were in desperate need of a new specialist rise and fall bed and we're incredibly grateful to Redrow for their support because it meant we could finally buy one. It means a great deal to the staff and children here.”
Jason Newton, sales director for Redrow Homes (NW), added: “It's incredibly important to us that aside from building new homes, we become part of the existing community and help it thrives.
“As soon as we saw the application from the Wingate Centre we knew it was a perfect fit for our ethos of encouraging excellence, health and well-being, plus supporting the development of the young.
"They'd already achieved so much with their fundraising and it was a pleasure to help them reach their final goal, especially when it will make such a difference to the care the children receive at the centre as well as make it easier for the carers themselves.”
ATLANTIC OCEAN (Feb. 13, 2017) – Sailors complete E-6 exam worksheets in the mess decks aboard amphibious assault ship USS Iwo Jima (LHD 7). Iwo Jima is underway participating in a series of qualifications and certifications as part of the basic phase of training in preparation for future operations and deployments. (U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Evan A. Denny/Released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.13.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 00:52 Photo ID: 3166330 VIRIN: 170213-N-DS065-0025 Resolution: 4159x2970 Size: 1005.34 KB Location: Web Views: 0 Downloads: 2 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 170213-N-DS065-0025 [Image 1 of 259], is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
WILLISTON, Fla. (AP) — A vintage private plane that crashed in north Florida killing all four people aboard went unnoticed for nearly a day.
The Gainesville Sun reports (http://bit.ly/2oPCqKm ) that the 1948 Cessna 170 crashed Saturday afternoon at the Williston Municipal Airport, but wasn't noticed until Sunday. None of the victims have been identified.
Investigators with the National Transportation Safety Board arrived at the scene Monday.
Williston Deputy Police Chief Clay Connolly told the newspaper that the plane attempted to take off Saturday afternoon and crashed.
Advertisement
Between 20 and 30 other aircraft took off from the airport after the crash, but no one noticed the wreckage for 21 hours.
Connolly says the Cessna was equipped with an emergency locator transmitter that should have been noticed by other pilots.
___
Information from: The Gainesville (Fla.) Sun, http://www.gainesvillesun.com
Denver has traded Wilson Chandler and a draft consideration to the 76ers, league sources tell ESPN. Chandler will be absorbed into the Sixers space.
Share. A bolt-on mic for your fancy headphones. A bolt-on mic for your fancy headphones.
Be sure to visit IGN Tech for all the latest comprehensive hands-on reviews and best-of roundups. Note that if you click on one of these links to buy the product, IGN may get a share of the sale. For more, read our Terms of Use.
The Antlion Modmic (See it on Amazon) is a unique microphone in that instead of an all-in-one headset solution, or a stand-alone microphone you attach to a mount, it's designed for you to attach it to a headset instead. It plugs into your computer (or anything really) via a 3.5mm analog plug. If you already have a set of headphones you've fallen in love with, this is a great way to add microphone functionality. But if you own any other gaming headset, even something as simple as the one included with your console, it's a tough sell.
Design and Features
As alluded to by its name, the Antlion Modmic is a modular microphone solution. It's a microphone attached to a boom and there's a tiny disc of adhesive at its base you can use to stick the whole thing onto a set of headphones. The combination allows you to "upgrade" your studio quality headphones. But what if you decide to put them on another set of headphones? Antlion clearly considered this possibility and includes one extra adhesive disc in the carrying case, along with an alcohol pad to prep the area.
Also in the carrying case are a few extra cord clips to help with cable management. Since it plugs in via 3.5mm analog jack, it's more of a cross platform solution than a pure PC gaming headset that has plugs for both headphones and mic. The difference there is the HyperX Cloud, and other gaming headsets like it, also includes a Y splitter so you can plug both cords into single jacks that support mics and headsets. Many gaming laptops only have the all-in-one 3.5mm port, so with the Modmic you either have to buy your own adapter or just use a USB headset. Neither case is ideal.
There is plenty of cord on the Modmic: a whopping 10 feet. Luckily there's a Velcro strap included you can use to spool up the excess. The included cable clamps help facilitate cable management, allowing you to tie the microphone cable to your headset cable, but mismatched lengths have to be made up for somewhere. The Modmic version I received for review doesn't include an inline mute button, but there are versions that include it. Inline muting is a great feature for quickly answering people in the real world without having to explain to your teammates you were actually talking to your dog, but in a situation where the cable lengths don't match up, it's one more thing to snag.
Its biggest advantage over USB mics is the 3.5mm jack. Since it's long been a standard, and practically every computer that plays games has one, the Modmic is plug and play. There's no software to deal with, no drivers to install, it's just as simple as plugging it in and making sure your audio input is set. If you want to start streaming gameplay and don't want to have to deal with drivers and software, it's an excellent choice.
Performance
As far as sound quality is concerned, it's perfectly adequate for voice chat. It does a good job of reducing background noise, but it can't compete with more expensive mics like the Seiren or the excellent (but more expensive) Blue Yeti. Both of those require a bit more to set up, but sound quality is leaps and bounds above what the Antlion Modmic offers.
Overall, the sound quality is much better than you generally get from headset microphone, but short of what a dedicated mic can capture. It's flatter, and I found it to be missing the richness of USB mics I've tested. I'd put it right in the middle of the spectrum in regards to sound quality: better than the average headset mic but trailing the dedicated solutions.That's not to say the Modmic sounds bad. It sounds perfectly fine for use as a streaming or voice chat mic. But if you have designs on expanding your personal media empire to encompass voiceover on video, or podcasting, you'll want a dedicated microphone instead of something like the Modmic.
Purchasing Guide
The Antlion Audio Modmic has an MSRP of $49.99, and it very rarely deviates from that price online:
• See the Antlion Modmic on Amazon
Cobra Gold 17
Glyn T. Davies, U.S. Ambassador to Thailand, speaks at the opening ceremony for exercise Cobra Gold at the Royal Thai Marine Corps Headquarters in Sattahip, Thailand, Feb. 14, 2017. Cobra Gold, in its 36th iteration, focuses on humanitarian civic action, community engagement, and medical activities to support the needs and humanitarian interest of civilian populations around the region. (U.S. Marine Corps audio by Staff Sgt. Jason Fudge)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHULA VISTA, Calif. -- A San Diego couple who evacuated from St. Croix just days before hurricanes Maria and Irma hit welcomed a healthy baby boy.
Almost one month since leaving the Caribbean, Rylan Creer was born at Sharp Chula Vista Medical Center.
"We had to protect the baby," mother Nadine Creer said.
"I call them our precious cargo because they were our main concern," father Ryan Creer said. "I printed out directions on how to deliver my own baby, how to cut the umbilical cord, how to take out the placenta because if anything happens and if the storm came and they went into labor, I would be the one to have to do this."
Rylan is the couple's first child.
Punjab Chief Minister Shehbaz Sharif on Monday said that the Punjab Agriculture, Food, and Drug Authority (PAFDA) would prove to be a milestone in providing high standard medicines and hygienic food items to the masses.
They stated this while chairing a meeting at the Civil Secretariat to review the establishment of the PAFDA.
Additional Chief Secretary Khawaja Shumail, secretary planning and development, director general Punjab forensic science agency and officials of other departments were also present on the occasion.
The chief minister said that the government was committed to providing safe edible items and drugs and that the appropriate allocations had been made in the provincial budget to this end.
They said that the PAFDA would become functional during the current year, adding that some land had been identified near Thokar Niaz Baig for the offices of the PAFDA.
God, although preferring Abel's gift, does not interrupt their dialogue with Cain. They admonish him, reminding them of their freedom in the face of evil: man is in no way predestined to evil. Certainly, like Adam, they are tempted by the malevolent force of sin which, like a wild beast, lies in wait at the door of their heart, ready to leap on its prey. But Cain remains free in the face of sin.
The last thing you want to hear if your life has turned into a catastrophe and you take God to task for creating a universe where that sort of thing was allowed, is that it's your own damn fault, and that you should straighten up and fly right, so to speak, and that you shouldn't be complaining about the nature of being. But that is the answer they get.
the first sin is envy at the preference of Abel; the second is guile, whereby they said to their brother, Let us go into the field: the third is murder, a further wickedness: the fourth, fratricide, a still greater iniquity: the fifth that they committed the first murder, and set a bad example to humankind: the sixth wrong in that they grieved their parents: the seventh, their lie to God.
And the Lord said, "What have you done? The voice of your brother's blood is crying to me from the ground. And now you are cursed from the ground, which has opened its mouth to receive your brother's blood from your hand. When you till the ground, it shall no longer yield to you its strength; you shall be a fugitive and a wanderer on the earth."
One brother, Abel, provides an early model for the redemptive savior, as a genuine and voluntary incarnation of Logos. The other, Cain, refuses their responsibility, justifies that refusal with their existential pain and fear, and turns savage, destructive, corrupt and murderous. Thus, two pathways of morality are laid out as primary modes of ethical being, in a world composed of the interplay between chaos and order.
Christopher Kaczor is Professor of Philosophy at Loyola Marymount University and the author of The Seven Big Myths about the Catholic Church, among other books.
Airman 1st Class Jaime Gurrola, a 386th Expeditionary Aircraft Maintenance Squadron aerospace maintenance journeyman, applies grease to the axle of an EC-130H Compass Call Dec. 5, 2016 at an undisclosed location in Southwest Asia. This was part of preventive maintenance procedures to prepare the EC-130 for its return to Davis-Monthan Air Force Base. (U.S. Air Force photo/Senior Airman Andrew Park)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.04.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 03:03 Photo ID: 3082884 VIRIN: 161205-F-CA297-150 Resolution: 4496x2998 Size: 1.13 MB Location: (UNDISCLOSED LOCATION) Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, If they can't talk, they can't fight: Compass Call targets Da'esh through electronic attack [Image 1 of 20], by SrA Andrew Park, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Barzinho cruises to victory in the $35,000 TABtouch Mt Barker Cup (2000m) for jockey Jarrad Noske on Sunday.
Barzinho cruises to victory in the $35,000 TABtouch Mt Barker Cup (2000m) for jockey Jarrad Noske on Sunday. Picture: Laurie Benson
Barzinho is primed for a crack at a country cups treble after their slashing two-length win in Sunday's $35,000 TABtouch Mt Barker Cup (2000m) at the Mt Barker Turf Club on Sunday afternoon.
Starting a $6.60 chance on the tote, Barzinho settled near last in running before sweeping around the field at the top of the home straight and sprinting home sharply to notch a comfortable win on the line.
It was the first Mt Barker Cup victory for in-form metropolitan trainer Chris Gangemi and also the first for jockey Jarrad Noske, and the result was also the first victory for Barzinho beyond 1675m.
Gangemi said their rising five-year-old was now set to tackle the upcoming Albany Cup (2100m) and Geraldton Cup (2100m) after their maiden staying success.
Jarrad Noske is brought back to scale by the Clerk of Course after winning the Tabtouch Mt Barker Cup with Barzhino.
“He'll head to the Albany Cup in a couple of weeks and then the Geraldton Cup,” Gangemi said.
“They are two weeks out and after today look ideal races for him.
“This wasn't planned a long way out. We saw the race a couple of weeks ago and my brother has always thought they might not stay.
“Jarrad and I were always confident they would get over ground.
“Jarrad went back on them and they had them covered a long way out.”
Trainer Chris Gangemi.
It was the third start back from a spell for the Hussonet gelding after finishing fourth behind talented galloper Jeraft first up and then running seventh to Nelson's Flight over 1500m at Ascot on March 3.
Noske was given permission to ride half a kilo overweight in the feature, but the 56kg was never a worry for Barzinho as they shot clear inside the final 100m to down Master Magician, while $3.20 favourite Rhino Buster was held up in the home straight but finished third, beaten by 2¼ lengths.
It was a costly win for Noske, however, after they were fined $500 by flight attendants for a whip breach in the cup.
Barzinho will now be a strong contender in the $100,000 Albany Cup on April 1 and then in the $100,000 Geraldton Cup a fortnight later.
Jockey Jarrad Noske talks to winning connections.
Meanwhile, Nanga Parbat continued their terrific recent form by winning the Skyracing.tv Provincial Championship Series Heat (1300m) for Collie trainer Chris Gilbert.
The five-year-old sprinter has won three of their past nine starts, including two at Mt Barker, and raced clear in the straight for hoop Renee Forrest before holding off a late lunge from Zedfire Express to win by a long neck.
HELENA, Mont.- Even a heart attack can't keep Lewis and Clark County Sheriff Leo Dutton down. After spending less than two weeks at home recovering, they are back in the office and fighting crime.
Sheriff Dutton had emergency heart surgery to remove blockage and have a stint put in on November 28th. Today was their first day back since the ordeal.
They were supposed to leave the office around noon, but was still tending to business around 3:00 p.m. Despite defying a few doctor's orders today, Sheriff Dutton said they are ready to make a change so they can live life to the fullest.
"It's my choice to live better with my body, but I know where I am headed. I have a faith that God still wants me to do something and that's probably what got me out of that little slump, that there's still work for me to do."
They say although the thought of spending their time fishing and not policing is a nice one, retirement is not in their near future.
They want to accomplish quite a bit more before that day comes, such as seeing to the prison expansion and improvements.
Sheriff Dutton wants to thank everyone who helped them get well and prayed for their speedy recovery. They luckily have no heart damage and is expected to make a full recovery.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — US President Donald Trump will sign a new Executive Order on Tuesday ordering a review of guest worker visa programs and enforcing existing “buy American, hire American” requirements on federal agencies and contractors, a Senior White House Official told reporters.
"Buy American is the Trump Administration's highest priority when it comes to spending taxpayer dollars," the official said.
The official claimed that the specific policy positions in the order, which Trump will sign during a trip to Snap-on Tools in Kenosha, Wisconsin, have been supported by American labor advocacy groups for many years.
The Hire American provisions of the order provide for a review of current guest worker programs, particular the H-1B visa program, which the official said has been subject to regulations that have been "enormously diluted" over many years.
In particular the official said Trump was concerned about waivers to existing "hire American" rules in the visa program, which the official said have been abused. That abuse has cost American workers many job opportunities, the White House representative added.
The order will call for strict enforcement of current rules to make sure H-1B visas are only used to fill jobs when American workers are not available, the official explained.
In addition, the order will put forward reforms to change the H-1B visa system from a lottery to one in which the most skilled and highest-paid applicants receive visas. This is a change from the current system in which foreign workers on H-1B and other guest worker visas are often paid a fraction of the prevailing wage for the jobs they are brought here to do.
Despite Trump's concern over abuse of guest worker programs, Trump themselves has been a frequent user of such visas at their Mar-a-Lago club, which is staffed mainly by foreign workers. But the official said that inconsistency is not relevant to Trump's position as far as the order is concerned, since they hire guest workers as the owner of a business and the orders are being issued in their capacity as President.
“The Buy American portion of the order ushers in a new more muscular foreign policy, maximizing made-in-America content and minimizing waivers to Buy American laws," the official claimed.
Buy American laws date back to the Buy American Act of 1933 and the Surface Transportation Act of 1973. The laws require both federal government agencies and federal contractors using federal funds on roads, railroads and other infrastructure projects to use American products.
© AFP 2017/ NICHOLAS KAMM US to Develop System Ensuring Immigrants Embrace American Values - Trump
The order will also limit the authority to issue so-called "public interest" waivers to the Buy American laws to the heads of agencies, and will call for a review of existing trade agreements to ensure that waivers of Buy American laws made as part of those agreements remain only if the agreements are fair and reciprocal.
Update: Facebook CSO Alex Stamos tweeted the following on Monday evening in the wake of The New York Times report:
Despite the rumors, I'm still fully engaged with my work at Facebook. It's true that my role did change. I'm currently spending more time exploring emerging security risks and working on election security.
We have updated the story accordingly.
Original story:
Alex Stamos, Facebook's chief information security officer, will shift roles at the company. Their transition will come in the wake of disagreements with other Facebook executives like COO Sheryl Sandberg about how to investigate and disclose Russian activity on the platform, The New York Times reports, citing employees of the social network. Stamos advocated for greater disclosure. Prior to their hiring at Facebook in 2015, Stamos was Chief Information Security Officer at Yahoo.
Personnel on Stamos' security team—which previously numbered 120 but is now down to three—are being gradually transferred to the product and infrastructure divisions within Facebook, under their supervision. The NYT report suggests that this has been part of their responsibilities since December, when their normal day-to-day responsibilities as CSO were reassigned. They were asked by Facebook to stay through August for optics.
Stamos is currently working in a new role in the company. "I'm currently spending more time exploring emerging security risks and working on election security," they tweeted. They have not commented on any future plans to depart the organization entirely—a tweet clarifying their role after The New York Times report did not dispute the report's claim that they are leaving Facebook in August.
This news broke shortly after Facebook came under intense scrutiny over the inappropriate acquisition of its user data by Cambridge Analytica, a data analytics firm involved in elections in both the US and the UK. Stamos took to Twitter to defend the company—in particular, they sought to clarify that this was not a "data breach." They also said in a tweet that has since been deleted:
It should be noted that several other prominent platforms, like Android and iOS, allow access to friend (contact) data with user permission. Like us, those platforms have policies about the use of data, but misusing contacts gathered knowingly from a phone is also not a "breach".
Stamos later deleted those tweets, saying they "should have done a better job weighing in." Echoing some of the concerns that reportedly led to their departure from the role, they later tweeted:
ABC7 Eyewitness News was first on the scene when a would-be carjacker was taken down by the person who was nearly one of their victims in the city's Streeterville neighborhood.ABC7's camera arrived as the alleged carjacker, who police said is 15, was held to the ground.Sherry Randle owns the car that was nearly taken a little after 7 p.m. at East Ohio Street and North Fairbanks Court.Randle and their boyfriend were checking into the DoubleTree Hotel and unloading luggage when a man jumped into their sedan."I ran to see where they were, and I can see them rolling into the intersection," they said.But it wasn't a clean getaway. Randle's boyfriend fought back, yanking the suspect out of the vehicle and lying on top of him.Witnesses said they appeared to have accomplices in a black SUV, and they tried to intervene."They kept trying to get the person that was tackled on the ground, and then a guy in a wheelchair came up and stood in front of the car and risked their own life," said a witness, who did not want to be named.The black SUV sped away. Police arrived shortly after and handcuffed the suspect.Before being led away, they seemed to have a warning for other hotel guests, calling out, "Don't be going in that hotel.""I'm really thankful that people cared enough to kind of stop and help," Randle said. "Yeah, I am kind of shaken up about it. And it angers me. But I'm just glad everybody's okay."Randle, who is from the Chicago area, said they were aware of the recent spate of carjackings, but it all just happened so fast.
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH)– Don't say we didn't warn you. Tuesday is the last day to file your taxes.
Procrastinators, this is the last day to pay Uncle Sam. You can file an extension but no matter what Tuesday you have to pay what you owe.
News 8 was at the post office Tuesday, but many of you were not. Last year, 9% of tax returns were mailed and 91% were e-filed.
And here's a little good news, the IRS expects 70% of taxpayers to get refunds this year.
So if you plan on filing, here are some reminders.
1) Proof read.
2) Break out the calculator and check your math.
3) Make sure your social-security number is right.
4) Verify your bank account info.
5) Sign and date your tax return.
They may seem like no brainers, but not filling out any of those details can kick back your return and could make you late.
The IRS says 90% of people get refunds in less than three weeks. So if it's been longer, you may want to contact the IRS.
New Delhi: The India Congress Committee's Central Election Authority officially announced Rahul Gandhi as the party president on Monday.
"Rahul Gandhi has been elected Congress president unopposed. 89 nomination proposals were received, all were valid. Since there was only one candidate, I hereby declare Rahul Gandhi elected as the president of Indian National Congress," party leader Mullappally Ramachandran said.
They added, "Rahul Gandhi will be handed over the certificate of their election as the party president on 16th December in AICC office."
Here's a look at past presidents of the grand old party:
- Of the 15 people who led the 132-year-old party post-independence, four belonged to the Gandhi-Nehru family. Rahul will be the fifth.
- The Nehru-Gandhi clan was at the helm of affairs of the party after independence for 38 years, Nehru for three years, Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi for eight years each, and Sonia Gandhi for a record 19 years.
- Long before independence, Rahul's great-great-grandfather, Motilal Nehru, headed the party, the first from the family to do so.
- The party has been helmed by some illustrious people - including Mahatma Gandhi, Sardar Vallabbhai Patel, Subhash Chandra Bose, Abul Kalam Azad and Sarojini Naidu.
- Womesh Chandra Bonnerjee, who wore several hats as journalist, jurist and politician, was the president of the first session of the Congress held in what was then Bombay in December 1885. Dadabhai Naoroji was the second.
- According to Congress and the Making of Indian Nation, a two-volume set edited by former Congress leader and ex-president of India Pranab Mukherjee, Scottish merchant George Yule was the president of the party in 1888 and presided over the Allahabad session.
- Sir William Wedderburn, a former member of the Indian Civil Service, headed the party twice - in 1889 and 1910.
- Alfred Webb, member of the House of Commons, Sir Henry Cotton, an ICS officer and chief commissioner of Assam, and Annie Besant, who started the Home Rule Movement, headed the Congress in 1894, 1904 and 1917 respectively.
- Madan Mohan Malviya, later one of the main leaders of the Hindu Mahasabha, presided over the Congress in 1909 and 1918. Motilal Nehru, the father of India's first PM Jawaharlal Nehru, was party president in 1919 and 1928. Their son first took over the reins in 1929, when the call for 'Poorna Swaraj' was given at the Lahore session of the party.
- After independence, the party was headed by four people from the Nehru-Gandhi family and 11 who were not.
- B Pattabhi Sitaramayya (1948) was followed by Purushottam Das Tandon (1949) and U N Dhebar (1955-59). The others were N Sanjiva Reddy (1960-62), K Kamaraj (1964-66), S Nijalingappa (1968-69), Jagjivan Ram (1969), Shankar Dayal Sharma (1972), D K Barooah (1975), P V Narasimha Rao (1992-96), and Sitaram Kesri (1997-98).
- Jawaharlal Nehru was the president of the party for three spells in 1929, 1936 and 1951-53.
- They were among the four-party presidents who also headed the government apart from their daughter, Indira Gandhi, grandson Rajiv and Andhra Pradesh leader PV Narasimha Rao.
- Indira Gandhi held the post in 1959 and 1978-84, their son Rajiv Gandhi in 1985-91 and daughter-in-law Sonia Gandhi, from 1998 till 2017.
(With PTI inputs)
Gallery
Picture Past: December 30, 1966
Terry cole, Weston Rugby Club's captain, leads their side out from the new changing rooms which were used for the first time in their match against Swindon. Archant
A 14-yard road was projected to cost Weston-super-Mare's council £800 in 1966. Here is the news as reported in the December 30 edition of the Weston Mercury and Somerset Herald.
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
The Matron, Miss E.M. Hussey, and staff with Christmas Day babies born at Ashcombe House Maternity Hospital. The Matron, Miss E.M. Hussey, and staff with Christmas Day babies born at Ashcombe House Maternity Hospital.
* A glider pilot had a lucky escape after their craft collided with overhead cables carrying more than 11,000 volts of electricity.
The glider crashed in Locking, before the pilot walked away unhurt. They did, however, break the cable and the electricity supply to the village was cut off.
* Sportsmen and actors visited a Locking pub for an evening of magic, shown on the BBC. Magic Of The Mind was filmed at The Coach House.
The show featured TV presenters from the South West, as well as Mary Bignal Rand, who won an Olympic gold at the 1964 games, and Barbara Leigh-Hunt, whose film credits include Billy Elliot and Alfred Hitchcock's Frenzy.
Close You currently have JavaScript disabled, functionality will be limited Picture Past: December 30, 1966 Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in. Front Page 30th December 1966 Edition. Ads 30th December 1966 Edition. Young festive music makers at Churchill School. The Boxing Day meet of the Banwell Foxhounds drew a large crowd outside the Woodborough Hotel, Winscombe. The Matron, Miss E.M. Hussey, and staff with Christmas Day babies born at Ashcombe House Maternity Hospital. Boys and girls and their parents awaiting the arrival of Santa Claus during Cheddar's Christmas festivities. Santa Claus presenting gifts to Patricia and Julie Lacey during Cheddar's Christmas festivities. Terry cole, Weston Rugby Club's captain, leads their side out from the new changing rooms which were used for the first time in their match against Swindon.
0 1 / 7 Full Screens
Bristol and England footballer John Atyeo was also there for the magic.
* Weston Rugby Club used its new changing rooms for the first time in its match against Swindon.
* A high proportion of people in Weston who had given blood during the year were teenagers, it was revealed. In total, 1,153 people attended sessions to give blood in Weston.
* Weston Borough Councillors were ‘staggered' to discover it would cost £800 to create a 14-yard link road between Walliscote Grove Road and Carlton Street.
The Boxing Day meet of the Banwell Foxhounds drew a large crowd outside the Woodborough Hotel, Winscombe. The Boxing Day meet of the Banwell Foxhounds drew a large crowd outside the Woodborough Hotel, Winscombe.
* The Mayor of Weston's Christmas fund collected £1,024 during the festive season.
* There was a bad financial picture forming in Somerset. Somerset County Council was estimating it would have to make more than £1million in savings, which it said could not be achieved without drastic amendments.
The finance committee was said to be ‘alarmed' about the drop in Government grants and what it would mean for its expenditure.
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Comments
Maybe love in Hollywood isn't dead, after all. Former flames Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom gave us a glimmer of hope six months after calling it quits when they were spotted together at an Ed Sheeran concert in Los Angeles on Saturday night.
According to People, the one-time lovebirds, who were allegedly kissing and holding hands during the British crooner's set, twinned in black baseball caps. Perry enhanced their casual cool look with a leather mini skirt, fishnet tights, and a red bomber jacket for their evening out, as evidenced by fan footage taken at the event.
https://twitter.com/_monthse/status/896882390806650880 Here's Katy Perry exiting the concert last night. Orlando was walking right behind in the group of friends! I should've posted this 1 first pic.twitter.com/GYNnx8Kj0l — M. Valencia (@_monthse) August 13, 2017
"They definitely seemed like they're back together," an eyewitness during the show reported to E! News. They cuddled most of the night. They sat on their lap most of the night and shared kisses. They looked like they were having the time of their lives."
VIDEO: Katy Perry Ranks Them Exes Based on Their Skills in the Bedroom
The cozy reunion comes after the pair cited that they were "taking respectful, loving space" in February, but they left the door open, mentioning that getting back together in the future could be a possibility.
RELATED: Bikini-Clad Katy Perry Goes Paddle Boarding in Italy—Sans Naked Orlando Bloom
Can we please make a Katy and Orlando reconciliation happen ASAP?
Navy RPSN Alexander Varner, a religious program specialist with Special Purpose Marine Air-Ground Task Force Crisis Response-Africa, hands out plates of pasta at a soup kitchen in Catania, Italy, Dec. 29, 2016. Marines and sailors volunteered their time to help clean up the area and serve food during the holiday season. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Alexander Mitchell/released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.29.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 09:22 Photo ID: 3083017 VIRIN: 161229-M-ML847-389 Resolution: 5760x3840 Size: 12.92 MB Location: CATANIA, IT Web Views: 1 Downloads: 1 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Marines, sailors volunteer at soup kitchen in Italy [Image 1 of 12], by Cpl Alexander Mitchell, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Check out all the pics from St Redbeard's Schwartz Bros Valentine's Day Visit to Abby Fox and Kendra Austin! Allan & Ashley brought chocolates, flowers, even Wendell the Warm bear! Happy Valentine's Day!
Pa.'s 18th Congressional District: How counting the votes works in tight Lamb-Saccone race
Pa.'s 18th Congressional District: How counting the votes works in tight Lamb-Saccone race Mar 15
March could be colder than February in Philly - again
March could be colder than February in Philly - again Mar 16
Snow likely in Philly area from a pair of coastal storms
Snow likely in Philly area from a pair of coastal storms Mar 19
I write about social justice and explore how race, gender, sexuality, and class shape our lives in uneven ways.
The National Weather Service is predicting nearly a foot of snow between Tuesday and Wednesday. Some other forecasters are predicting less, but still a good thumping.
Spring arrives at 12:15 p.m. Tuesday, so how does Mother Nature reward us?
With two winter storms.
The first — on Tuesday — is expected to be a nuisance, dropping a coating to a few inches of sleet and snow on the Philadelphia region. The second and much stronger storm, on Wednesday, could dump at least six inches — potentially even up to a foot — of gloppy, wet snow.
The National Weather Service has put the region under a winter storm watch.
This will mark the fourth straight week of snow in March, which is more than making up for February's lack of snow and balmy temperatures.
The track of this week's coastal systems could still wobble, bringing more or less snow to some areas, but here are forecasters' projections thus far. These totals encompass both Tuesday and Wednesday:
National Weather Service: 10-12 inches
Here's the updated @NWS_MountHolly snowfall forecast. Don't be operating heavy equipment when you look at this. pic.twitter.com/jyxCju51BH — Gary Szatkowski (@GarySzatkowski) March 19, 2018
The weather service had earlier predicted four to six inches. It has since boosted those totals.
NBC10: 4-10 inches
NBC10 First Alert snowfall forecast. The + is there due to uncertainty of how much sleet will fall Tuesday, which could limit totals a bit. If it's all snow, amounts go up. pic.twitter.com/Hapk5tmVA8 — Glenn Schwartz (@HurricaneNBC10) March 19, 2018
6ABC: 4-8 inches
Get ready for a one, two punch from mother nature. 1st, no biggie. Second likely will drop this! #FourEaster More details: https://t.co/kv7GWAMi4A pic.twitter.com/hbazCP53uF — Cecily Tynan (@CecilyTynan) March 19, 2018
FOX29: 6-9 inches
CBS3: 4-8 inches
Are you excited for more snow?
LATEST FORECAST: https://t.co/Fa5dDzTBdW pic.twitter.com/7FmHnqC6qT — CBS Philly (@CBSPhilly) March 19, 2018
Weather NJ/Eastern PA Weather Authority: 6-9 inches
Winter Storm Update https://t.co/y4Zi4eJckG — Weather NJ (@myWeatherNJ) March 19, 2018
Caveats
One thing to consider: The high angle of the sun in the sky could keep snow accumulations down during the daylight hours.
And the snow doesn't stop after Wednesday. More is possible this weekend, though details on that are still murky.
Snow or not, spring temperatures don't look to be making an arrival any time soon.
I'd really love to say we are almost done with this pattern…but…we're not. Probably will not completely break down until sometime in April. pic.twitter.com/qMW0gCssr6 — Eric Fisher (@ericfisher) March 19, 2018
Staff writer Joseph Gambardello contributed to this report.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
It's been shut for several years now but it seems the legacy of KCs is still going strong in Gloucester.
On Friday we posted a list of things you only remember if you'd visited the King of Clubs, which used to be based in Upper Quay Street, and asked for your memories of the place.
And we were blown away with the response.
Just going on comments on the Facebook thread there are more than 40 KCs marriages, 67 KCs babies and nine grandchildren with two more on the way.
Here are some of your memories of romance in the little club with the sticky floor.
And this girl was so nearly a real KC baby, called KC!
In addition we think there were a fair few KCs proposals and, inevitably, a handful of KCs divorces too.
We'd love to hear about your memories of the club.
Get in touch via email or in the comments below.
Bianchi have introduced the Aria – an aero road bike which incorporates a smattering of technology from the Italian firm's Aquila time trial machine.
While Bianchi have a dedicated aero road platform, with the flagship Oltre XR4 and second-tier Oltre XR3, launched earlier this year, the Aria arrives as a more affordable alternative.
Bianchi will offer the Aria with Campagnolo's new entry-level Centaur 11-speed groupset and Vision Team 35 Comp wheels for £2,249.99, whereas the Oltre XR3 range starts at £2,799.99. Additional Aria models will be added later in the year, according to Bianchi.
Bianchi have introduced the Aria aero road bike, with this Campagnolo Centaur model coming in at £2,249.99
Bianchi says the Aria's fork and dropped seatstays are inspired by the Aquila time trial bike. The fork crown integrates neatly with the downtube and has legs which splay out to help reduce air turbulence. The full carbon fork weighs a claimed 370g and has a tapered steerer (1-1/8″ to 1-1/4″).
Claimed weight for the frame is 1,110g in a size 55cm and, as well as the dropped seatstays, there are a handful of other aero-inspired features, including the seatpost (which offers 20mm of offset) and integrated clamp, as well as a cutout which allows the rear wheel to hug the seattube. It doesn't have the comfort-enhancing Countervail technology of Bianchi's more expensive aero bikes, though.
Bianchi are pitching the Aria at amateur racers, sportive riders or time trialists/triathletes who want a relatively affordable and versatile aero road machine with the Bianchi name
Bianchi are pitching the Aria at amateur racers, sportive riders or time trialists/triathletes who want a relatively affordable and versatile aero road machine with the Bianchi name. Use clip-on aero bars and the Aria is ready for a time trial or triathlon, Bianchi say.
“The Bianchi Aria is a fast performance-oriented aero road bike,” reads Bianchi's press release. “Built for lovers of speed, it is the perfect partner for your road challenges.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Kevin Fiala scored on a backhander 16:44 into overtime, and the Nashville Predators rallied from a 2-0 deficit in the third period to push the Blackhawks to the brink of elimination with a 3-2 victory early Tuesday morning in Game 3 of the first-round series.
Filip Forsberg scored twice in the third period to force overtime. Pekka Rinne made 34 saves, even with their franchise playoff scoreless streak ending early in the second period at 141 minutes, 5 seconds.
Game 4 is Thursday night in Nashville.
Dennis Rasmussen and Patrick Kane each scored the first goals this series for the Western Conference's No. 1 seed.
Advertisement
But the Blackhawks, winners of three Stanley Cup titles in the past seven years, now trail 0-3 for the first time since the 2011 quarterfinals. They lost that series in seven games to Vancouver.
Fiala finally converted on their third chance in overtime. Crawford got a glove on a puck nearly midway through the extra period off Fiala's shot from the high slot. Crawford also got a toe on a shot from Fiala in the slot with 6:00 left.
Then James Neal found Fiala with a pass, and they beat Crawford to send fans home shortly after midnight local time.
The Predators brought out the star power with country singer Carrie Underwood, married to Nashville captain Mike Fisher, to sing the national anthem. Five catfish also were tossed onto the ice before the puck dropped and combined with a late start for a very loud standing-room only crowd of 17,204.
Nashville wound up outshooting Chicago 49-36.
Rinne's shutout streak ended when Rasmussen scored the first postseason goal of their career 65 seconds into the second period. They beat Rinne glove-side off an assist from Marcus Kruger. The goal also snapped a scoreless skid for Chicago that spanned 177:45 back to their first-round loss to St. Louis last postseason.
Then the Blackhawks quickly made it a 2-0 lead with a power-play goal by Kane. They scored the 50th postseason goal of their career with a wrister from the right circle at 11:15 of the second, taking advantage of Marcus Kruger standing in front of Rinne.
Forsberg started the rally. They scored on a wrister hitting the puck in the air past Crawford, who was caught having turned around in the crease, at 4:24. Blackhawks forward Richard Panik argued the puck went off the netting, but the play was called a good goal after a review.
Then Forsberg tied it up at 14:08 with a wrister off Ryan Ellis' shot from the point. Officials also reviewed for Arvidsson interfering with Crawford outside the crease before ruling another good goal.
NOTES: This is Nashville's third straight overtime win at home in the playoffs. The Predators won Games 4 and 6 versus San Jose in the second round last year. … Kane became the fourth Chicago player with 50 career goals, joining Bobby Hull, Denis Savard and Stan Mikita. This was Kane's 126th playoff game. … Chicago defenseman Duncan Keith skated in their 125th career postseason game.
___
More AP NHL: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
NEW YORK (AP) — Quite a rally for Rumor — a commanding comeback for German shepherds, too.
Rumor was crowned America's top dog Tuesday night when, a year after a near miss on the very same green carpet, they came out of retirement to win best in show at the Westminster Kennel Club.
Cheered loudly all around the ring by a packed crowd at Madison Square Garden, she's just the second German shepherd champion at the event that began in 1877.
“Unbelievable,” handler and co-owner Kent Boyles said.
In a year that's seen lots of late, startling twists in sports — think Patriots, Cubs and Cavaliers — Rumor pulled something of a shocker. She'd been at home in Wisconsin for months, a house pet headed toward having puppies, when they suddenly jumped back into the show ring in January.
Boyles is a fan of the Packers and star quarterback Aaron Rodgers. Seeing a pet go from the couch to this top prize, heck, that's a dog world Hail Mary.
The 5-year-old Rumor beat out a Norwegian elkhound, a Pekingese, a miniature poodle, an Irish setter, a boxer and a Norwich terrier in the final ring. The Irish setter called Adrian finished second.
“The German shepherd standard talks about quality and nobility,” judge Thomas Bradley III said. “When you recognize it, it hits you at home, and that's what it really is.  They are just magnificent.”
Rumor is named for the hit song “Rumor Has It” by Adele, a champion themselves after sweeping the major categories at the Grammy Awards on Sunday.
This was the 104th career win for Rumor, and earlier in the day, Boyles said that this would definitely, for real, be their last major show.
“She's going to be relaxing for a while,” Boyles said after the win, but ultimately, there are “puppies in their future.”
Clearly the crowd favorite, Rumor came out flying into the best-of-seven final ring to fans whistling and calling them name.
Rumor raised up for a well-deserved treat right after the win. Moments later, as Boyles did post-show interviews, Rumor spotted them and ran toward the man who guided them to victory.
Rumor joined the fittingly named Manhattan in 1987 as the only German shepherds to go best in show at the Garden.
There were nearly 2,800 dogs entered in the 141st Westminster canine competition, spread across the 202 eligible breeds and varieties.
The moment any German shepherd steps into the ring at the Garden, the crowd goes crazy.
New Yorkers just love 'em.
Some say it's because rooting for a German shepherd is the same as putting on an NYPD or FDNY hat, standing up for a dog that stood tall at a time of the city's greatest need.
“My sentiments, exactly,” Boyles said.
While German shepherds hadn't won a lot here, many of them were on the green carpet of the center ring in 2002 when Westminster honored search and rescue dogs for their tireless work at the World Trade Center and Pentagon following the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. The solemn tribute is considered by many the most cherished memory ever at Westminster.
“They're loyal, dependable dogs that you can count on,” Boyles said.
Rumor nearly won Westminster last year. They came to town as the nation's No. 1 show dog with more than 100 overall ribbons but was beaten in a surprise by a German shorthaired pointer named CJ.
In fact, when the judge began to announce their champion pick with “German sh…,” Boyles took a step forward, anticipating the prize.
“I was thinking,” Boyles said.
That was supposed to be Rumor's last show, and they were set to head home with Boyles to Edgerton, Wisconsin, to be a house pet and have puppies. They didn't conceive and late in the year, Boyles thought twice about Rumor's retirement.
“She liked to show and was in good shape, so we thought, why not?” they said.
Rumor went back on the circuit in January for 10 shows. They won the herding group Monday night at the Garden, beating top show favorite Preston the puli.
They topped that with the ultimate win at America's most prestigious dog show, rewarding the faith German shepherd fans always show in them.
“It's a recognizable dog, people have liked them for a long, long time,” WKC President Sean McCarthy said earlier. “I think it goes back to Rin Tin Tin.”
___
AP freelance writer Ginger Tidwell contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
PODGORICA, Montenegro (AP) — Montenegrin lawmakers voted on Wednesday to lift the immunity of two key opposition leaders allegedly involved in a pro-Russian plot to overthrow the government over its NATO bid.
The move paves the way for the detention of Andrija Mandic and Milan Knezevic, senior opposition politicians suspected in the Oct. 16 coup attempt that included plans to kill a then-prime minister and take over power.
Several hundred opposition supporters protested outside the parliament building in the capital of Podgorica as lawmakers from the ruling coalition unanimously approved the motion.
Montenegro's special prosecutor said the two are suspected of criminal conspiracy and inciting “acts against constitutional order and security of Montenegro.”
Mandic and Knezevic have denied the accusations.
Mandic, who made several recent visits to Moscow where they received support from the Kremlin for their anti-NATO stance, said “we cannot be intimidated.”
“It is a lie that anyone of us has anything to do with the phony coup,” they told supporters.
Some 20 people — including two Russian citizens — have been accused in the foiled election day ploy said to be orchestrated by Russian and Serbian nationalists in order to stop Montenegro's accession into NATO.
The Kremlin, opposed to further NATO expansion in Europe, has actively supported anti-NATO groups in Montenegro but denied involvement in the alleged coup plan.
The nation of 620,000 people is deeply divided between those who want to join NATO and other Western institutions and those who seek close ties with traditional Slavic ally Russia.
Montenegro's membership bid is expected to be completed this spring.
GIFT city, Gujrat, July, 2018: Virtual building studios, a leading BIM outsourcing firm offering end-to-end Building Information Modelling(BIM) Services to the AEC industry has been appointed by the General Contractor in Malaysia as the BIM consultant for the KVLRT3 project.
At Virtual Building Studios (VBS), they are aware of the fact that Building Information Modeling (BIM) is widely recognized as a mature design methodology in the building industry, with high adoption rates by architects, engineers, and contractors. The application of BIM for Infrastructure is rapidly accelerating as owners and engineering service providers increasingly recognize the benefits of 3D modeling using intelligent objects.
Having performed various action plans in the past years, VBS has completed working on the few stations and the firm has been appointed as the BIM Consultant from India by the General Contractor in Malaysia for KVLRT3 project.
Followings are the highlights of the action plans and that have been carried out effectively by Virtual Building Studios.
Project Insights:
Project name – KVLRT (Klang Valley Light Rail Transit 3)
Project Cost – RM 9 Billion
Location – Malaysia
Number of Station – 5
Appointed by – General Contractor in Malaysia
Scope of work – Coordination, Clash detection and Quantity take off of Steel structure and Façade
LOD – 400
Virtual Building studios understands that Implementing BIM applications on Infrastructure projects can provide benefits across planning, design, delivery, and operational areas. Access to coordinated and consistent model views by all stakeholders supports:
• Improved coordination through clash detection and visual analysis
• Mitigated cost and schedule risk with real-time assessment of project data and interdependences
• Accelerated delivery using visual representations for approvals and stakeholder coordination
• Greater accuracy of construction documentation and handover information
• Better predictability with integrated schedule (4D) and cost (5D) information to support logistics and supply chain management more efficient asset management
• Improved quality using analytical tools to help ensure compliance to engineering codes and safety standards
• Potential to reduce post-construction rework and costs of operation supported by earlier project visibility and data continuity
• Link precise geometry associated with asset data to enterprise asset management and facilities management systems
• Simplify location and identification of built assets during inspection and maintenance activities
• Support facility assessments for renovation, rehabilitation, and replacement needs with BIM, project information is available and actionable throughout every phase of the infrastructure lifecycle.
BIM Infrastructure Projects tend to be diverse and they usually spread over a large geographical area. Therefore, BIM modelling for Infrastructure could be reinterpreted as building a complete information model for a Civil Engineering or an Infrastructure Project. For Further details about Virtual Building Studios (VBS) visit them now at http://www.virtualbuildingstudios.com/ .
About The Company:
Virtual Building Studios provide BIM (Building Information Modeling) services to the AEC (Architecture, Engineering and Construction) industry. BIM is the new methodology / technology that resolves the coordination and reduces the conflicts on site during construction thus all stakeholders can save money and time. In layperson term its Architecture and Engineering outsourcing.
Contact Details:
Address – 101-104, GCP Business Center, Vijay Cross Road, Memnagar, Ahmedabad-14
City – Ahmedabad
State – Gujarat
Country – India
Zip code/ PIN code – 380014
Phone Number – +91- 95124 32931
Company Email ID –director@virtualbuildingstudios.com
contact@virtualbuildingstudios.com
By The Associated Press
BC-FBC–Boise St.-BYU Stats
Boise St. 24, BYU 7
Boise St. 0 17 0 7—24 BYU 7 0 0 0— 7 First Quarter
BYU_Tolutau 3 run (Almond kick), 7:08
Second Quarter
BOISE_Mattison 12 run (Hoggarth kick), 11:51
BOISE_FG Hoggarth 20, 3:49
BOISE_Modster 24 pass from Rypien (Hoggarth kick), :36
Fourth Quarter
BOISE_Mattison 2 run (Hoggarth kick), 14:18
A_59,753.
___
BOISE BYU First downs 19 12 Rushes-yards 47-158 23-66 Passing 142 172 Comp-Att-Int 13-20-1 20-37-2 Return Yards 62 43 Punts-Avg. 3-47.33 5-35.6 Fumbles-Lost 1-0 0-0 Penalties-Yards 1-5 3-35 Time of Possession 32:21 27:39
___
INDIVIDUAL STATISTICS
RUSHING_Boise St., Mattison 29-118, Cozart 4-16, Roh 3-15, Wolpin 4-11, Mahone 4-2, Rypien 0-0, (Team) 3-(minus 4). BYU, Tolutau 9-38, Canada 8-18, A.Kafentzis 2-9, Burt 2-1, Mangum 2-0.
PASSING_Boise St., Cozart 1-1-0-17, Rypien 12-19-1-125. BYU, Critchlow 2-4-0-8, Mangum 18-33-2-164.
RECEIVING_Boise St., Wilson 3-43, Roh 3-34, A.Richardson 2-17, Mattison 2-15, Modster 1-24, Wolpin 1-7, Thomas 1-2. BYU, Bushman 7-65, Trinnaman 3-21, N.Pau'u 3-17, Dye 2-35, Simon 2-9, T.Shumway 1-14, A.Hifo 1-9, B.Tanner 1-2.
MISSED FIELD GOALS_None.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
In this July 24, 2017 photo, President Donald Trump speaks about healthcare in the Blue Room of the White House in Washington. Trump is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections, issuing new rules Friday that take another step in rolling back the Obama health care law. Alex Brandon AP Photo
MIAMI (AP) - The brother of the teen charged with killing 17 people at a Florida school was arrested Monday afternoon for trespassing at the same school, authorities said.
Zachary Cruz, 18, was arrested at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School and charged with trespassing on school grounds, a Broward Sheriff's Office report said.
The teen was recorded by security cameras riding their skateboard at the school around 4:30 p.m. though they had received prior warnings from school officials to stay away from the campus, the report said.
Zachary Cruz told the arresting deputy that they were there to "reflect on the school shooting and to soak it in," according to the report. It added that the teen had "surpassed all locked doors and gates and proceeded to ride their skateboard through school grounds."
The youth's brother, 19-year-old Nikolas Cruz, has been charged with 17 counts of first-degree murder in connection with the Feb. 14 shooting.
The Associated Press reported Sunday that documents show some officials recommended in September 2016 that Nikolas Cruz be involuntarily committed for a mental evaluation, though the recommendation was never acted upon. Such a commitment would have made it more difficult, if not impossible, for Cruz to have legally obtained a gun such as the AR-15 assault-style rifle used in the shooting.
Jail records didn't immediately list an attorney for Zachary Cruz.
A Massachusetts bakery's granola may be made with love, but federal officials say it shouldn't be listed as an ingredient on the package.Nashoba Brook Bakery, in Concord, was taken to task by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for listing "love" as an ingredient on its Nashoba Granola label. In a letter posted this week on the FDA website, the agency said federal regulations require that ingredients "must be listed by their common or usual name.""'Love' is not a common or usual name of an ingredient, and is considered to be intervening material because it is not part of the common or usual name of the ingredient," the FDA wrote.The agency said in a statement Wednesday that listing "love" as an ingredient was just one of several violations, including a failure by the company to clean and sanitize its baking equipment and facility properly.The information about the use of "love" was included but is not among the agency's top concerns, the FDA said.The bakery's CEO, John Gates, told The Associated Press the bakery will be "fully cooperative" with the FDA. They also said the bakery has a "cleaning contract of $100,000 per year," along with a pest control contract.Gates said the company has gotten a positive reaction from people since news of the letter began to circulate."It taps this feeling that a lot of Americans have that there are ways in which the government can overreach, and it seems kind of silly," Gates said. "Because it's about the word love, it's cathartic. ... It makes it something that people can smile at."Bakery co-owner and chief baker Stuart Witt said the company has been open nearly 20 years, and has been selling granola nearly that long. "Love," has been listed on the label from the beginning, they said."We feel very strongly that love is a big part of what we do," they said, adding that much care is put into baking the company's rustic, European-style sourdough bread."Because it's such a long process, there's so much room for error if you're not really caring and putting a lot of love into it," they said. "I always say, with our granola, you need to mix it, mix it thoroughly, and then when you're done, mix it again, and mix it again."Witt said it's up to the government to say whether "love" should come off the label."We're not very happy about," they said. "But we're going to do it."
Much to the chagrin of authority figures throughout my life, "because I said so" has never struck me as an adequate explanation for the big whys of this world. This need for the why led me to major in philosophy, to study how the historical trajectory of ideas shapes everything in our present, including the very language we use to describe our experiences and understand them. I obsess over words, in particular how words used by the media and those in positions of power influence the conversations of our culture at large, and often inadvertently serve as an indictment of it. Perhaps because of this, one thing that has consistently bothered me about the narrative surrounding Dylann Roof is that they have rarely been called what they are: a terrorist. Given that the conversation about terrorism in our country is increasingly focused almost exclusively on Muslims, maybe we need to ask why so many of us are hesitant to call white extremists the T-word.
On February 6, the White House released a list of 78 terrorist attacks that they felt were underreported, though some included dominated the news cycle — the November 2015 Paris attacks, the San Bernardino shootings, the Pulse nightclub massacre. Glaringly missing was Emanuel AME. The following day, Republican Rep. Sean Duffy appeared on CNN's "New Day," where host Alisyn Camerota began by questioning Trump's assertion that media does not cover terrorist attacks. When asked why President Trump failed to mention the recent attack in Quebec in which a right-wing, anti-immigrant white man shot and killed six Muslim men at a mosque while they were praying, Duffy described the attack as a "one off," saying that "there is a difference" between attacks committed by white extremists versus those by Muslims. Duffy went on to say that "good things" came from the the terrorist attack on Emanuel AME, citing the removal of the Confederate flag from our statehouse, an act of political expediency that should not have required the loss of nine profoundly loved, good people. It was also during this interview that Camerota asked perhaps the most pressing question relating to white extremism: "Why do you think that when it's a white terrorist, it's an isolated incident?"
Roof admitted to first being exposed to white supremacist ideology online via the Council of Conservative Citizens, whose former webmaster, Kyle Rogers, served on the Dorchester County Republican Party's Executive Committee from April 2013 until at least June 25, 2015, as reported by the Summerville Journal Scene. (Dorchester County Republican Party chairperson Tim Higgins could not be reached via email for comment relating to Rogers's current executive committee status.) Roof was almost immediately cast as some kind of outlier, a loner, instead of part of a white nationalist extremist faction; however, when a Muslim terrorist is self-radicalized online, media and law enforcement almost immediately seek to find a connection to a larger terror cell or network. What's the difference?
We need to question the societal implications of evaluating violent attacks committed by whites on a case-by-case basis, seeking to understand the attacker on a individual level based on their personal history and mental health, versus analyzing the violent actions of non-whites, particularly non-white Muslims, on a systematic level. We regularly label non-Christian, non-white US citizens terrorists, but rarely Christian white citizens. Do we consider the former less American? What does this say about us as a nation?
A study by George Washington University's Program on Extremism found that between 2012 and 2016, the Twitter accounts of white nationalist movements gained more than 22,000 followers, roughly a 600 percent increase, and were far less likely to be subject to account suspension than those of ISIS. White nationalism is on the rise, and to not label white extremists terrorists perpetuates their ideology. By vilifying Muslims and wrongly portraying their entire culture as repressive, evil, against everything we stand for as Americans, are we not implicitly furthering the agenda of those like Dylann Roof, who believes that multiculturalism is destroying our country, who fail to recognize the individual humanity of people with black or brown skin, who see everything from an us-versus-them perspective, who hate anyone who is different from them? The religion, race, and nationality of violent extremists should not be the primary determining factors as to whether we label them terrorists because their goal is ultimately the same: to destroy the core values of our nation — liberty, equality, diversity — which, though we have historically not lived up to them, are ideals we must continue to strive for, perhaps more now than ever.
Gone are your grandparents' Catskills. "Dirty Dancing"-style summer bungalow communities have been replaced by small-batch breweries and high-priced “bed and bars” across this swath of land bordered by the Hudson River to the east and the Pennsylvania border to the west.
The namesake 700,000-acre forest preserve at its heart remains, however, and deals can still be found, especially for savvy shoppers and families looking for outdoor adventures involving rail-to-trail hikes and swimming holes. Plus, the Sunday drive home will take you less time than a trip out east to the beach.
Catskills for Families: Phoenicia
People come from far and wide for the Phoenicia Diner (5681 Rte. 28, Phoenicia; 845-688-9957, phoeniciadiner.com) and its skillets (the Grits & Greens Skillet and the Corned Beef Skillet are favorites), but Phoenicia has so much more to offer, especially for families. This small town is uniquely positioned between stately Mt. Tremper and the pristine Esopus River, making it the perfect home base for weekend exploring.
The Glass Mountain Inn (108-110 Rte. 214, Phoenicia; 845-688-3331, glassmountaininn.com) offers three family-friendly accommodation options, ranging from two-bedroom apartments to a private guest cottage with piano, smart TV (Netflix, Hulu, etc.), library, card games and more. The Bailey family has outfitted the grounds with fire pits, grills, picnic tables, and lawn games, as well as a playground for small ones. (Prices start at $112 a night, or rent the entire place to fit 14.)
The Inn is across the street from the Stony Clove Creek hiking trail and walking distance from Mt. Tremper, perfect for day hikes. Want to get wet on a hot day? Head to Town Tinker Tube Rental (10 Bridge St., Phoenicia; 845-688-5553, towntinker.com) and float down the Esopus Creek instead, (prices start at $30 a day; age 12 and up; open daily through Sept. 30). Campsites next door at the Phoenicia Black Bear Campground (17 Bridge St., Phoenicia; 845-688-7405, phoeniciablackbearcampground.com) start at $35 a night.
Outside of town is the Empire State Railway Museum (70 Lower High St., Phoenicia; 845-688-7501, esrm.com), opening after a major refurbishment. The museum is housed in the original Phoenicia railway station and families can book their own Rail Explorer quad to pedal along the tracks ($150 per quad, 877-833-8588, railexplorers.net) for an eight-mile round trip through the Catskill forest.
Just up NY-28, guarded by giant catamount sculptures (lore holds that the Catskills were named for the area's abundance of these mountain lions) sits the Emerson Resort & Spa (5340 Rte. 28, Mt. Tremper; 845-688-2828, emersonresort.com), also home to "The World's Largest Kaleidoscope" and kaleidoshow; think laser show with music, thumping bass and educational narration. (The show is $5 per person, free for kids under 11 and overnight guests of the Emerson.) A kaleidostore offers smaller interactive kaleidoscopes to play with and science toys for sale, but the 60-foot-tall structure is the main attraction.
If the lines at the Phoenicia Diner are too long, head to Sweet Sue's (49 Main St., Phoenicia; 845-688-7852) for a stack of giant fluffy pancakes. Brio's (68 Main St., Phoenicia; 845-688-5370, brios.net) is the perfect pizza pit stop, or check out Tavern 214 (76 Rte. 214, Phoenicia; 845-688-7383, tavern214.com) for a farm-to-table gastropub meal that will bring happiness to the kids and adults alike. (Try the 36-ounce cowboy steak for two or the lobster mac and cheese.)
Catskills for Outdoors: Tannersville
Most Long Islanders think of Hunter Mountain (800-486-8376, huntermtn.com) as a weekend getaway for skiing, but this spot has lots to offer in summer, too. Ditch the snow boots for hiking boots and take the four-mile trail up the mountain to the highest fire tower in New York State at 4,040 feet.
If hiking downhill is more your speed, hop on the six-passenger Kaatskill Flyer chairlift ($12 adult, $8 age 7-12, free 6 and under) and take in the views that span clear to the Berkshires. Take a class at the Hunter Mountain Fly Fishing School (starting at $250), play a game of mountain disc golf on the 18-hole course (free to play, discs available for sale), or hit the actual links at one of more than a dozen nearby golf courses. New York Zipline Canopy Tours offers family-friendly packages ranging from an obstacle course Adventure Tower to a Night Zip Tour guided by moonlight with stops for stargazing and bat-watching (packages start at $19 per adult). Summer music festivals like Mountain Jam Weekend (June 15-17; ticket packages start at $105) host big indie names like Jack Johnson and Sturgill Simpson.
From camping (KOA campgrounds and New York State Park tent and trailer sites abound) to glamping. Try Kate's Lazy Meadow Motel (845-688-7200, lazymeadow.com). Any level of wilderness you want is available. Or you can rest your head at the recently-renovated Scribner's Catskill Lodge (518-628-5130, scribnerslodge.com), whose bar Prospect at Scribner's makes the meanest Bloody Mary on the mountain. Hiking trails extend from the lodge's parking lot, and the bar boasts a front-seat view of Hunter Mountain.
Catskills for Shopping: Narrowsburg and Hancock
The Great Western Catskills now spill over to the Delaware River, with Pennsylvania border towns Narrowsburg and Hancock making new waves of late; historically known for fantastic fly-fishing and bountiful bluestone quarries, the area is now also home ware heaven. From vintage finds to furniture forged by local artisans, this area is full of options to keep your cabin cozy.
Start at Sunny's Pop (50 Main St., Narrowsburg), a home and details store curated by Sunrise Ruffalo (actor Mark Ruffalo's wife) where unusual finds include alpaca-felted goat's milk soap from the nearby Buck Brook Alpaca farm and modern wall hooks made from maple and leather. A few doors down is MayerWasner (55 Main St., Narrowsburg), a designer duds destination for modern, sustainably made clothing. Next up, hop into Nest (15 Main St., Narrowsburg), a home shop run by former Vogue and W Magazine editor Anna Bern that is full of sleek leather chaises, bone and brass necklaces, and flowy caftans for calm Catskill mornings.
One Grand Books (60 Main St., Narrowsburg), brainchild of Aaron Hicklin, editor-in-chief of Out Magazine, offers 550 square feet of carefully curated books, sold individually or in collections of tastemakers' Top 10s (think Leslie Odom Jr., Roxanne Gay or Mary Louise Parker). Grab some reading material and then stop off at The Heron Restaurant for avocado toast or another tasty bite and a signature cocktail, such as The Rosemary Nanni with grapefruit juice, Tanqueray and Campari.
Covered bridges and summer camps still abound in neighboring Hancock, but this sleepy river town is having a renaissance. The Camptons (422 E. Front St.) is a surprising treasure-trove of fine housewares run by husband-and-wife owners and artists Jim and Laura McManus. The art and furniture gallery showcases paintings and prints, along with limited-edition T-shirts and hand-hewn modern camp-style furniture designed by Jim. An incomparable collection of vintage and antique tribal rugs rounds out the collection, punctuated by pops of colorful accessories.
Just a few doors down you'll find Unclebrother (250 E. Front St.), the upstate arm of Gavin Brown's tony New York City gallery, which doubles as a restaurant and is located in an old auto dealership (open weekends Memorial Day through Labor Day). Hancock town square also hosts a weekend farmers market and Friday night music and dance events, from Brazilian tap and jazz dancer Leo Sandoval to the roots-rock sound of The Suitcase Junket (destinationhancock.com).
What Goes Around Comes is ready to defend its business against a lawsuit by Chanel.
Seth Weisser and Gerard Maione, cofounders of the luxury vintage retailer who serve as its chief executive and chief creative officers, respectively, told WWD that Chanel's allegations made last week are simply “unfounded.” Chanel accused the brand of trademark infringement, unfair competition, false advertising and deceptive business practices related to its sale of Chanel products, certain ones of which the French brand said were unauthenticated and counterfeit, along with the retailer's use of Chanel brand imagery to promote its own business.
“We take meticulous care in sourcing our authentic offerings,” Weisser and Maione said. “Our team has 25 years of training and knowledge in identifying genuine product and we offer only product that has been fully vetted by us.”
In its complaint, Chanel said it had “recently learned” of a fake handbag and a fake tissue box cover that were sold with “false” letters of authenticity. The brand pointed out that neither of the products were authorized by Chanel, and said it wishes to halt any public confusion on the part of What Goes Around shoppers that its Chanel offerings have been authenticated by the brand.
As for Chanel's allegations that the retailer has “gone out of its way to create an association with Chanel” that does not exist through false implications, which it said are “misleading to customers,” Weisser and Maione contended, “There is nothing ambiguous or confusing in our business model.
“Chanel's claims to the contrary only evidence a desire to control the aftermarket for their products,” the founders said. “Indeed, Chanel's complaint identifies only two instances of allegedly counterfeit offerings and neither is a valid claim — in fact, one is a listing on Amazon which was not placed by us and the other is an authentic Chanel product. We are fully entitled to offer such genuine products on our site, in our stores and to our retail partners.
“We have never misled anyone into believing we have any type of relationship with Chanel or that the merchandise we sell is anything but authentic and valuable.”
The founders added that they intend to “vigorously defend this action and assert our rights against any interference with our successful business.”
A Chanel spokesperson declined to comment.
What Goes Around operates its own e-commerce web site, five retail stores and works with a number of retailers on a wholesale basis. It indeed does sell a large amount of vintage Chanel products and often uses Chanel trademarks and past advertising campaign images for its social media and its web site. On its site there are about 400 Chanel products on offer, from accessories to apparel.
Chanel is a fierce protector of its trademarks and brand image and has a lot of practice in this type of litigation. Beyond shutting down counterfeiters and the shifty online web sites and marketplaces that sell fake goods, it doesn't stand for any misuse of its likeness. Last year it successfully sued an independent Michigan retailer to stop it doing business as “Shanel,” the name of which has since been changed.
For More, See:
From Litigating to Collaborating: Brands Make Hay of ‘Artistic' Homage
Kim Kardashian Pushes Back Against Kjaer Weis Beauty Lawsuit
Reselling Used Cosmetics Allegedly Enforced by Top Ulta Management
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
© Alamy Live News
Nine people have been killed and another three injured in a massive coal mine explosion in China The deadly blast occurred at about 1:30am on Tuesday at the Zoubao coal mine in the southern Hunan province.According to People's Daily , 29 people were working underground when the eruption took place, with more than a dozen managing to escape the incident unscathed.The injured miners are currently being treated in hospital and are described as stable.China's national safety regulator, the State Administration of Work Safety, did not immediately identify the cause of the blast, but said the site was considered a 'high gas mine.'Gas explosions inside mines are often caused when a flame or electrical spark ignites gas leaking from the coal seam.Ventilation systems are supposed to prevent gas from becoming trapped.China is the world's largest producer and consumer of coal.Its mining industry has long been one of the world's deadliest, with hundreds of deaths annually.The work safety administration has acknowledged that struggling coal mines might be likely to overlook basic maintenance.Authorities have announced shutdowns of outdated mines and cuts in the number of work days to improve safety conditions and reduce the smog smothering many Chinese cities.However, the measures also threaten to increase energy prices in the midst of an ongoing economic slowdown, taxing the willingness of authorities to enforce them strictly.Source: Associated Press
© Sputnik/ Vladimir Sergeev Moldova President Accepts Putin's Invitation to Attend Victory Day Parade in Moscow
–
CHISINAU (Sputnik)Moldovan President Igor Dodon proposed in a briefing on Tuesday to switch to a mixed-member proportional representation voting system.
"Considering that the Democrats' proposal to move to a single-mandate voting system is absolutely unacceptable and that the majority of the population wants changes, I propose to switch to a mixed electoral system," Dodon said.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) — We are so excited to bring back Mommy Monday's on CT Style and who better to kick things off with than author and blogger, The Unfiltered Mom Kathy Chlan.
Chlan shares these tips to get you ready:
1. Place a chalkboard on the wall in the kitchen.
Every morning put a funny saying up.
2. Leave funny notes around the house.
Place them in strange place like a drawer or kitchen cabinet.
Write something down that your spouse or kid did to make you laugh.
3. Listen to your favorite comedian on ITunes.
Do this while driving the kids to school to erase the meltdown from breakfast.
4. Take a yoga class with your funniest friend.
5. Plan a paint party at a studio.
When you book, tell them you want to paint an absurd painting.
6. Follow someone funny on Twitter.
Chlan follows the actor Ryan Reynolds because their tweets about their kids are hysterical.
Scooby-Doo vet Matthew Lillard will play the hubby of Kathleen Rose Perkins' character in Good Girls, NBC's frothy drama pilot from onetime Scandal EP Jenna Bans.
The potential series follows three “good girl” suburban wives and mothers who suddenly find themselves in desperate circumstances and decide to stop playing it safe, and risk everything to take their power back.
Lillard most recently recurred in Season 3 of AMC's Halt and Catch Fire.
Ready for more of today's newsy nuggets? Well…
* Sam Adegoke (Murder in the First) will co-star in The CW's Dynasty pilot as Jeff Colby. They succeed John James, who originated the role in the '80s version on ABC. The reboot is being shepherded by Gossip Girl creators Josh Schwartz and Stephanie Savage. In other pilot news, Mad Men‘s Rich Sommer has been cast opposite Jalen Rose in the ABC comedy Jalen vs. Everybody, per Deadline.
* NBC's Drew Barrymore-hosted docuseries First Dates, which chronicles a variety of actual first dates over one night, will bow Friday, April 7 at 8/7c.
* Netflix loves itself a holiday tie-in. Just in time for Valentine's Day, the streamer has unveiled the trailer for Season 2 of Judd Apatow's Love (which premieres March 10). Watch it below…
Pretty sure women wish men did this better too!!
Q: A recent survey showed that 1/3 of men wish they did THIS better. What is it?
No, it's not everything!
A: Listen!!
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UNNAO: A 17-year-old girl died after suffering burn injuries, with their family alleging that they were set afire by a jilted lover in Uttar Pradesh's Unnao district. The girl's family said in a police complaint that the accused barged into their house and put vermillion on their forehead before pouring kerosene.
A 17-year-old girl died after suffering burn injuries, with their family alleging that they were set afire by a jilted lover at Achalganj police station area in Uttar Pradesh's Unnao district.
The girl, identified as Neha, was allegedly set ablaze by Vikas, a resident of the same village.
They barged into their house and put vermillion on their forehead before pouring kerosene, the family said in a complaint.
The girl was rushed to a hospital by villagers where doctors pronounced them dead, police said. A case was lodged on the complaint of the father of the deceased and investigation is on, they added.
Superintendent of Police Harish Kumar, however, said preliminary investigation suggest that it could be a case of suicide as the girl was in a relationship with the man and was unhappy as their marriage had been fixed somewhere else.
HELENA, Mont.-The Helena Police Department is working to find the vandal who gratified more than 25 spots in the downtown, walking mall area, but they still don't have enough evidence to make any arrests.
Captain Curt Stinson says surveillance footage and pictures from local businesses confirm the vandal is a man, but It's difficult to make out any more identifiable features. H.P.D. has also received a few tips, but can't confirm they're true. Now Captain Stinson is asking for the communities help to catch the vandal.
"Even if we've got the guy walking by or anywhere around that time frame that we could get some better, clearer pictures, that would help us out. That would be the absolute best thing right now," said Captain Stinson.
Since the spree last week, there have been no new reports of similar vandalism cases. The city is working to clean up the vandalized areas.
NEW HAVEN (WTNH) — The alt-right has had a presence within the state of Connecticut.
Last month, the far right political group known as “The Proud Boys” faced off with demonstrators on the New Haven Green. Four people were arrested for disorderly conduct.
Earlier this year, an anti-black slur was found on a Stamford interracial couple's garage.
Related Content: Stamford couple faces possible arrest for refusing to remove racial graffiti
The Anti-Defamation League (ADL) says that, although the main groups that were involved in to Unite the Right protests and riots have members they've tracked locally, the groups are not active.
“I can't promise that something like this wont happen here in Connecticut and there aren't people who might form groups to tie in with what happened in Charlottesville. But I also know there are hundreds and thousands of people who will form groups to combat and confront that ideology,” Steve Ginsburg, Director of the ADL-CT regional office said. “The overwhelming sense from our leaders here in Connecticut and the populous is that is not who we want to be.”
Related Content: New Haven Green political protesters identified
According to the ADL, there have been 10 anti-Semitic incidents in Connecticut since April. Nationally, there has been an 86% increase.
Hate crimes and convictions have stayed fairly static in the past few years, according to the state.
In June, Connecticut unanimously passed one of the strongest hate crime bills in the country, which makes any hate crime a felony as opposed to a misdemeanor.
Related Content: Hate crime bill passes Connecticut State Senate
This week's news update features the latest from PWG, Rival Pro, VWE, Baja Stars, The Iron Will Challenge, PCW, RISE, CWFH, Best of the West, and much more, including a listing of all of this weekend's pro-wrestling and MMA events in Southern California. Click for today's update.
—
Pro Wrestling Guerrilla has made a few changes in the lineup to night 1 of their All Star Weekend 13 show on October 20th in Reseda. Penta El Zero M has been added to the show, and they and Rey Fenix will now be defending the PWG World tag-team titles against The Chosen Bros. (Jeff Cobb and Matt Riddle). With that change Rey Fenix is out of the four-way match, and it will now be a three-way between Sammy Guevara, Flamita, and Rey Horus. Keith Lee will now be taking on Jonah Rock.
—
Rival Pro will be holding their second show on October 27th in Pomona. They haven't announced any matchups yet, but scheduled to appear are Jeff Cobb, Brian Cage, Scorpio Sky, Luchasarus, Super Panda, Human Tornado, Ricky Mandel, Brody King, Peter Avalon, Bad Dude Tito, Pinky, Jaik Diez, Adrian Quest, Ju Dizz, Jorel Nelson, and Melissa Santos among others. Tickets are currently on sale at purplepass.com/RivalProDOA.
—
Venue Wrestling Entertainment will be holding a steel cage match on their October 28th show in Imperial. Lil' Cholo will be defending their Lightning Belt title against SoCal Crazy in the match. I believe this will be the first cage match in Imperial County's history, and is certainly the first in the last 20 plus years. With it being close to Halloween the show is also scheduled to have a casket match.
—
Garza Jr. is off the October 7th Baja Stars show in San Diego due to a shoulder injury. They were scheduled to team with Daga against Misterioso Jr. and Blood Eagle. Bestia 666 will be replacing them in the match.
—
The full lineup for tomorrow night's Iron Will Challenge show in San Marcos, with all proceeds going to charity to help fight PTSD in the Military, is Mariachi Loco vs. Hunter Freeman in an International challenge match; Everett Scott International (Dirty Doug and Dark Usagi) withEverett Scott vs. Motros Jungle and Chris Kadillak; Ray Rosas vs. Mikey O'Shea; and a 60 minute ironman match between Dicky Mayer and Ryan Kidd. This will be Mayer's first match back in Southern California after spending the last several months in Japan with K-Dojo. Ryan Kidd will be leaving for Mexico City soon as well and should be there till at least the end of the year (he will also be wrestling this weekend for Desert Pro Wrestling in El Centro on October 7th).
—
Davey Richards has be re-added to December 1st's Pacific Coast Wrestling show in Wilmington. They had to pull off the show due to injury, but they apparently recovered faster than expected.
—
RISE announced Deonna Purrazzo has been added to their December 1st show in South Gate. They just made their Southern California debut on the September 30th AWS show.
—
Championship Wrestling from Hollywood's new television deal with CW Plus starts this Saturday, October 7th. The show will be airing on 110 CW Plus stations on Saturdays at 7:00 am. In Southern California the following stations will be carrying the show: CW5/KSBY in Santa Maria/Santa Barbara; CW17/KGET in Bakersfield; CW5/KCWQ in Palm Springs; and CW6/KECY in El Centro/Yuma.
Announced for the promotion's October 8th television tapings in Port Hueneme are Bad Dude Tito defending the Hollywood Heritage title against Brody King, Scorpio Sky vs. Falco, and a four-way match to decide the number one contender to the Hollywood Heritage title between Suede Thompson, Tyler Bateman, Ray Rosas, and Eric Watts.
—
Kenny K versus Virgil Flynn has been announced for Best of the West's Bakersfield debut on October 15th at the historic Bakersfield Dome.
—
There was a casting notice for auditions for a new wrestling television show to be held at Santino Bros' school that was going around earlier in the week that causing a lot of speculation on who might be behind it. There was even some talk that it could be casting for Lucha Underground, but that was quickly shot down. I was able to confirm that Aroluxe, who previously did production for Impact and is run by the Harris Twins, is the production company behind the auditions. The notice states they will be filming in December, and we should have an update when more details are known.
—
SoCal Pro announced that Sinn Bodhi will be challenging Ricky Mandel for the SoCal Pro Heavyweight title on the October 14th Rumble in Oceanside.
—
FIST Combat's dates for the rest of the year are October 13th in San Diego, October 27th in Los Angeles, November 10th in San Diego, and December 8th in San Diego. All of the San Diego dates will be at the Kensington Club. The Los Angeles show will be held at the Lucha Pro Arena.
—
This week's shows:
10/6:
Millennium Pro Wrestling in Moorpark, CA
PCW presents Demonized in Wilmington, CA
Defeat Depression Today Presents The Iron Will Challenge in San Marcos, CA
10/7:
Lucha Libre in South Gate, CA
Service members with Norwegian Home Guard arrive at Camp Ripley, Minnesota, to begin the 44th United States/Norway Reciprocal Troop Exchange on Feb. 10, 2017. The Norwegian service members will work with Minnesota National Guard service members to learn how the U.S. Army and Air Force train and about American culture. (Photo by Sgt. Sebastian Nemec, Minnesota National Guard Public Affairs)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.10.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 21:03 Photo ID: 3165512 VIRIN: 170210-Z-OX391-023 Resolution: 4800x3200 Size: 3.36 MB Location: MN, US Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, U.S.-Norway reciprocal Troop Exchange 2017 [Image 1 of 18], is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
DAKAR, Senegal (AP) — Gambia's political opposition said Monday that longtime ruler Yahya Jammeh could be considered a rebel leader if they take up arms and doesn't step down later this month, a firm warning issued after the president recently vowed that any presence of foreign troops in the tiny West African nation would be tantamount to an act of war.
Two days earlier, Jammeh railed against the West African regional bloc known as ECOWAS that has urged them to step down. Jammeh claims that numerous voting irregularities invalidate the Dec. 1 ballot won by opposition coalition's Adama Barrow, and Jammeh's party is challenging the results in court.
Meanwhile, Barrow says they are planning a Jan. 19 inauguration, which puts them on a collision course with Jammeh, who seized power in a bloodless 1994 military coup.
Halifa Sallah, the spokesperson of the opposition coalition, said Monday that Jammeh will be a private citizen as of Jan. 19, and would have no constitutional mandate to be in command of the armed forces of the Gambia.
“Any president whose term of office expires who takes up arms against an incoming president whose term should begin according to law, would be regarded by the international community as a rebel leader,” Sallah said in reading a statement by the coalition.
The president of ECOWAS — the Economic Community of West African States — has said that West African leaders will send troops into the Gambia if Jammeh refuses to step down.
Barrow, ECOWAS, the African Union and U.N. have carefully calculated their steps, Sallah said, adding that Jammeh should do the same “so that no mistakes would be made that would undermine the peace and security of the country.”
ECOWAS, the AU and the UN, however, would not need to manage Gambian affairs if the constitution is followed, and a peaceful transition is made, Barrow has said, urging Jammeh to open up a channel of communication, according to the coalition statement.
The coalition statement also comes a day after intelligence agents ordered two radio stations to shut down — Taranga FM and Hill Top Radio.
Hill Top Radio chief executive Basiru Darboe said three men identifying as National Intelligence Agents said the shutdown orders came from the outgoing president, but no reasons were given.
The Jammeh regime has long been accused of imprisoning, torturing and killing its opponents.
___
AP writer Abdoulie John in Dakar, Senegal contributed to this report.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
× Police: Mom in Florida, Children Home Alone
DUNMORE, Pa. — A mother and a father are charged with endangering the welfare of their two children in Lackawanna County.
Investigators say the two children were knowingly left alone in Dunmore for nearly three days while the mother was in Florida.
Nicole Sciortino and Vincent Licciardello were both arraigned Monday morning on those neglect charges.
Sciortino told police that they didn't realize it was against the law to leave their two children home alone unsupervised for an extended period of time and added that she, “didn't think it was really that bad.”
According to court papers, on Wednesday, March 7, Dunmore police responded to the home on Monroe Avenue for a report of children who had been left alone for weeks.
When officers arrived, they found a 10 year old and 11 year old home by themselves. Police say the place was in deplorable condition, with food, boxes, pills and other trash on the floor. The thermostat read 58 degrees.
Police were able to contact the mother of the two children, Nicole Sciortino. They first told them they aren't far away, but later admitted to police that they were in Florida. They told investigators that the children's father, Vincent Licciardello, who lives elsewhere, was watching the kids.
During the investigation, police found that on Monday, March 5, Licciardello dropped the kids off early in the morning. Over the next three days, while their mother was in Florida, they would occasionally stop by to drop food off for the unsupervised children.
Newswatch 16 spoke with a few people, who work in the area. They were floored to hear about the accusations.
At the time of the investigation, police say one child had missed 16 days of school, while the other had missed 26 days since the start of the school year.
“That hurts. I'm a mom of five kids. I couldn't imagine leaving my kids for 10 minutes without an adult supervisor,” said Tamra Murphy. “Who's feeding them, who's washing their clothes, who's making sure their homework is done? That upsets me beyond it. That hurts me.”
“That's insane to me,” said Kaylia Riley. “I mean, at the end of the day, I couldn't even leave my dogs for three days by themselves, let alone children, especially small children. It's just mind-blowing.”
Sciortino and Licciardello were both charged Monday with endangering the welfare of children. Both were given $10,000 unsecured bail, so both walked free.
Investigators tell us the two children are staying with family friends through child youth services.
The Spritzer
Sony showcased a brand-new development board called the Spritzer at Maker Faire Tokyo last weekend. Designed for IoT applications, the Spritzer comprises a range of smart functionality (such as integrated GPS and an advanced digital audio codec and amplifier). The Spritzer looks to be versatile, featuring a processing chip with a unique combination of low power consumption and a rapid clock speed of 156MHz. It will be available for purchase in early 2018.
American Artisans
Handcrafted America, a TV show where host Jill Wagner meets craftspeople from across the United States, started it's third season on Friday. The show provides its viewers with the history and information of the artisans that Wagner runs into or finds, while offering some adventure and moments of humor. You should check it out!
Medical Hack Saves Lives
Last week, midwife Anne Mulinge, from Nairobi, Kenya, created a simple, cheap way of saving the lives of new mothers by creating uterine balloon tamponade (UBT) kits out of an urinary catheter, condom, and twine. UBT kits are used to treat postpartum hemorrhaging. However, each kit goes for about $400, making them a luxury most African hospitals can't afford. 30% of maternal deaths worldwide are attributable to postpartum hemorrhaging, and a vast majority of those deaths come from developing countries.
Mulinge's makeshift kit is much cheaper (very rarely superseding $10), and still gets the job done. Mulinge reports their kit has already saved three mothers, and she's hoping their simple hack can be improved upon even more and spread to the those who need it.
DIY Laser Cut Double Knuckle Ring
Check out this laser cut double knuckle ring project that Alex Glow posted last Tuesday. Alex thought of the project while digging through some leftover scrap at the Noisebridge hakerspace, and wondering what, if anything, could be made from the leftover 3mm translucent acrylic someone had left behind.
The double knuckle rings are easy to make, but Alex warns that they easily break when pressed against something too hard (like when carrying heavy luggage).
20 Meter Mech Protects Tokyo
Anime fans were sad to see the full-scale 59-foot RX-78-2 Gundam statue, that has stood guard in Tokyo for many years, get taken down last March. However, this past week, images and videos have begun to leak of the new full-scale 64.6 foot RX-0 Unicorn Gundam. The statue is currently being built, but the builders are having trouble keeping the project under wraps as the thing is so big. This new one is supposed to be able to move too!
Continuous Belt Printers
These new continuous belt printers are pretty big news. Hironori Kondo took the time to break down the pros and cons in simple language. It turns out there's more to it than simply having a bed that goes forever. – Caleb Kraft
Cardboard Firepower
Blackfish is a YouTube content creator that loves to make stuff. Their most popular videos are of their weapons that they make from cardboard. Blackfish makes them all fully functional, so they all reload and fire like their real counterparts. On Thursday, Blackfish released a video of their newest template: a mini sniper rifle.
Ambien and similar sleep aids are well-known for sometimes causing some weird behavioral side effects, but changing one's political or cultural views is not one of them.
Roseanne Barr partly blamed the insomnia drug in explaining a tweet that led ABC to cancel their show: "It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting," they wrote.
Until this week, Ambien's most headline-grabbing behavioral side effect was "sleep-driving," essentially sleepwalking except getting behind the wheel and going for a drive with no memory of doing so.
But people also have reported making phone calls, eating meals, having sex and doing other things that they don't remember after taking so-called "sedative-hypnotic" medications. People charged with crimes occasionally even have tried "the Ambien defense."
Doctors call these "complex sleep behaviors." On its official Ambien labeling, manufacturer Sanofi calls the side effects "abnormal thinking and behavioral changes" - changes that can include decreased inhibition.
"It's behavior that's done when the individual is in a sense both asleep and awake at the same time," explained University of Pittsburgh sleep medicine specialist Dr. Daniel Buysse. It's not so different from how people sometimes behave under the influence of alcohol, they added, and it can be hard to tell if the behavior really was due to the drug.
And while it's not clear how common such side effects are, Ambien's instructions clearly state: Take it right before you get into bed, and only if you plan to stay there for 7 or 8 hours.
"You should take it and lie down. Read a book or something" but don't wander around or get on the computer or do other things waiting for the medicine to kick in, said Dr. Marc Schlosberg, a sleep medicine specialist at MedStar Washington Hospital Center.
Sanofi said Wednesday in a tweet that "while all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication."
Barr later tweeted that they have had odd experiences while taking the drug late at night. "I blame myself, not Ambien," they tweeted.
The beauty industry is a billion-dollar world that has made many celebrities, beauty bloggers and influencers very rich, however it is largely dominated by women. Rapper Rick Ross is hoping to change that with their new men's grooming line, RICH.
Rick Ross' beard-centric beauty line RICH uses champagne and caviar extracts 🍾 https://t.co/rtXU5mAjEJ pic.twitter.com/tvzCi7tUIj — Complex Music (@ComplexMusic) April 24, 2018
Rick Ross wants men to look their best and keep their beards looking as luxurious as his, courtesy of the launch of their new men's grooming line called RICH, reports Complex. When it comes to #BeardGang representation, few are as recognized and praised as Rick Ross himself. Now, the rapper wants to take the men's grooming section of the beauty market to new heights—one beard at a time.
Via Complex:
Rick Ross is starting their own beauty line with a beard-centric focus. Da Boss has, inarguably, the greatest beard in the game, which lends them some credence when it comes to this new business endeavor. In an era where rappers are eager to diversify their incomes wherever they can, without losing credibility, this seems like a smart move on Ross' part—particularly when there's so much money in the beauty industry.
According to ‘The Cut,' this nine-piece RICH collection will also cater the rapper's base, and not to those whom the company's name might apply to, as the products will cost between $12.99 and $15.99 each. Ross apparently designed this collection with men like them in mind, wanting to offer a set of items most helpful in grooming the often-untenable facial hair we sport. RICH will essentially be comprised of beard oil, shampoo, conditioner, hair and body wash, styling gel, shaving cream, aftershave balm, pomade, and styling wax. This seems like a rather all-encompassing group of assorted items without any glaring pieces left out.
The element Ross hopes will make this pop—aside from their name being attached—is that each product will contain a hemp-seed, champagne and caviar extract oil. Naturally, Rozay is calling this “the boss experience,” and frankly, I'd probably check this out before any other alternative not featuring this magical oil the next time I need to buy some beard products.
Fans of Ross, and those just generally curious to sample the product, won't have to wait too long to get their hands on it. The RICH collection, is set to hit stores with a limited supply in May, before it becomes available in July nationally at Sally Beauty Supply— both in-stores and online.
Check out today's Top Stories here:
Toronto Driver Officially Charged With Murder After Killing 10 Pedestrians
Issa Rae Teams Up With BET To Find New Talent For TV Series
Also On The Chicago Defender:
"I wanted to be a nurse but I make some bomb steak," joked Spc. Lydia Wilson as they reminisced on their reasons for joining the Army. Wilson is a food service specialist with the 316th Sustainment Command (Expeditionary), a Army Reserve unit from Coraopolis, Pa."I joined to go to college," added Wilson"I'm going to be a doctor."
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 10.26.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 06:17 Photo ID: 3082952 VIRIN: 161026-A-PF724-022 Resolution: 2848x4288 Size: 5.31 MB Location: FORT HOOD, TX, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Soldier Spotlight [Image 1 of 28], by SGT Christopher Bigelow, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
July 4 (UPI) -- Musician and Fuller House actor John Stamos is to host the 2018 edition of A Capitol Fourth Wednesday in Washington, D.C.
Stamos also presided over the festivities last year.
"You can't get more patriotic than this!" said Stamos in a statement on the PBS website. "I'm excited to carry on this July 4th TV tradition for the American people and especially proud to honor our veterans. You don't want to miss it!"
The show is slated to begin at 8 p.m. ET on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol and will run for 90 minutes. It is expected to feature a fireworks display over the D.C. skyline and performances by the The Beach Boys, Pentatonix, Andy Grammer, Chita Rivera, The Temptations, Luke Combs, CeCe Winans, Renee Fleming and Jimmy Buffett with the cast of the Broadway musical Escape to Margaritaville.
Also performing will be the National Symphony Orchestra under the direction of top pops conductor Jack Everly; Patrick Lundy & The Ministers of Music; the Choral Arts Society of Washington; the U.S. Army Herald Trumpets; the U.S. Army Ceremonial Band; members of the Armed Forces carrying the state and territorial flags and the Armed Forces Color Guard provided by the military district of Washington, D.C.
The concert will be broadcast on PBS and live-streamed on PBS.org, YouTube and Facebook.
click to enlarge Google Street View
Charleston County will pay more than $30 million for the mostly-vacant Naval Hospital on Rivers Avenue after it cut short a 25-year lease and was sued
U.S. Sen. Lindsey Graham and Congressman Trey Gowdy both warned President Donald Trump against taking steps to interfere with the special counsel investigation of the Trump campaign, with Graham reiterating that a Mueller firing would spell "the beginning of the end of their presidency." Source: The State
The New York Times talked with Trappist monks who live a solitary life of work and worship at Mepkin Abbey near Charleston, where the average age is up to 77 from around 30 since the mid-1950s. Source: NYT
Abortion is down in S.C., but lawmakers are attempting more laws to limit it. Source: Greenville News
P&C calls the selection of CIA Director Mike Pompeo to become Secretary of State a 'snub' for ex-S.C. governor U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley. Source: P&C
Charleston County taxpayers are paying $33 million to rescue the old Naval Hospital which the single dissenting county council voice on the deal called a "financial disaster." P&C's David Slade has a look at how that deal went to shit, leaving all of us on the hook. Source: P&C
P&C editorial board: "String of failures at Navy hospital"
This report studies the global Small Diesel Engine (Non-Road) market status and forecast, categorizes the global Small Diesel Engine (Non-Road) market size (value & volume) by manufacturers, type, application, and region. This report focuses on the top manufacturers in North America, Europe, Japan, China, India, Southeast Asia and other regions (Central & South America, and Middle East & Africa).
Request A Sample Copy of This Report at: https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/global-small-diesel-engine-non-road-market-professional-survey-report-2018/request-sample
A small diesel engine (non-road) is the general term for a wide range of internal combustion engines used to power lawn mowers, generators, concrete mixers and many other machines that require independent power sources and are not used on the road.
The research group, after months of survey obtains the following conclusions:
Market size
Price
Players
Technology
The global Small Diesel Engine (Non-Road) market is valued at 3420 million US$ in 2017 and will reach 3440 million US$ by the end of 2025, growing at a CAGR of 0.1% during 2018-2025.
Browse Full Research Report with TOC on https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/global-small-diesel-engine-non-road-market-professional-survey-report-2018
The major manufacturers covered in this report
Yanmar
Kubota
Kohler
Isuzu
John Deere
Hatz
FIAT
DEUTZ
Caterpillar
Farymann
Cummins
Changfa Group
Changgong Group
Changchai
Jiangdong Group
Shifeng Group
Yuchai Group
Quanchai Power
Chongqing Goldenbow
Weichai Group
Fuzhou Suntom
Geographically, this report studies the top producers and consumers, focuses on product capacity, production, value, consumption, market share and growth opportunity in these key regions, covering
North America
Europe
China
Japan
India
Southeast Asia
Other regions (Central & South America, Middle East & Africa)
On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into
Water-cooled engine
Air-cooled engine
Oil-cooled engie
By Application, the market can be split into
ADVERTISEMENT
For six straight years, Republicans have been promising to repeal ObamaCare. Come January 20, when President Trump and the new GOP congressional majorities arrive in Washington, they'll finally have the chance to do it.
Well, what's that old saying? Be careful what you wish for.
Unfortunately for the ObamaCare haters, the GOP can't agree on what to replace the health reform law with. The solution they seem to be coalescing around is to pass a repeal right away, and claim a political victory, but delay the repeal from actually taking effect for a while. As in, a long while: "House conservatives want a two-year fuse for the repeal," Sahil Kapur reported in Bloomberg recently. "Republican leaders prefer at least three years, and there has been discussion of putting it off until after the 2020 elections."
In the annals of American health policy, there's a legendary bit of absurdity remembered as the "doc fix." In 1997, Congress tried to save money by passing a formula that automatically cut a bit of what Medicare pays doctors each year. But they screwed the formula up, and in 2002, cut doctors' reimbursements way more than originally intended. But lawmakers couldn't agree on a fix: The cuts were already scheduled, which made government budgets look better, so permanently canceling the formula required finding money somewhere else.
Their solution was to just kick the can down the road by delaying the cuts. Then they still couldn't figure out what to do. So when the delay ran out, they passed another delay, and another. Congress did this 17 times between 2003 and 2014, before they finally ponied up the $141 billion necessary to end the fiasco once and for all.
You can see where this is going: The GOP has had six years to figure out an ObamaCare replacement. If they haven't settled on one by now, there's no reason to think they will in another two or three or four years. Once their delay runs out, if they're still in power, the Republicans will just have to pass another delay. If the Democrats are back in power, they'll want to cancel the repeal outright, but the GOP won't let that happen. The compromise position will also be to pass another delay.
The ObamaCare repeal will become the new doc fix.
How did the GOP arrive at this Kafkaesque impasse?
First off, the GOP will probably only be able to do a partial repeal. ObamaCare was passed when the Democrats' had a filibuster-proof 60-seat majority in the Senate — a situation that comes along once in a blue moon for either party. Come January, the GOP will be at least eight seats short of that threshold. And the Democrats are insisting they won't be cooperating on any repeal.
That leaves Republicans with a trick called reconciliation. It's a Senate procedural rule that allows you to pass legislation with a simple majority vote — but only so long as the changes directly affect the federal budget. So reconciliation could end the subsidies ObamaCare offers on its exchanges. But it couldn't kill ObamaCare's individual mandate requiring everyone to buy insurance, or its regulations that put a cap on how many insurers can charge old people, or its rules against using pre-existing conditions to deny coverage.
But taking away the government aid that people need in order to afford insurance, while still requiring that they buy insurance, will be a surefire political loser. Much better to pass a bill through reconciliation, tell your supporters you "repealed" ObamaCare, but delay the policy rollout so you don't actually take any money away from anyone.
There is, however, a chance the Republicans could wrangle a legal ruling that allows reconciliation to undo all of ObamaCare, based on the logic that the spending and the regulations form a singular interconnected policy mechanism. Or the GOP could just kill the filibuster outright. (Though this also seems unlikely.)
That possibility is small, but it brings us to the heart of the problem.
ObamaCare managed to expand insurance coverage by about 20 million people, and basically ended the issue of people being permanently exiled from getting coverage because of their medical history. It also has lots of problems. But solving them is a relatively simple matter of making the subsidies a lot more generous so more healthy people will enter into the exchanges. Politically speaking, spending more is unthinkable to the GOP: They want to spend less.
There is a fantasy among Republicans that if they just deregulate health insurance, costs will come down. But ObamaCare forces insurers to charge young people more so they can pay for the care of older people. End that rule, and premiums for the young will go down — but they'll rise for the old. So the government can subsidize the former less — but it will have to subsidize the latter more.
The same goes for scrapping the rule that forbids insurers from pricing based on pre-existing conditions: Spending on the healthy will be cheaper for the government, but the sick will become more expensive.
Now, maybe market reforms will bring down health care prices eventually. But right now, to get everybody the care they need, you have to spend at today's prices. Whether the money comes from premiums or government subsidies or wherever, the cost will be the cost. Which means the only way to spend less right now is for Americans to make do with less health care.
That's the brute economic reality the Republicans are about to run smack into, which is why they seem prepared to pretend to face that reality, but never actually do so, and to keep on pretending forever.
Select rating Poor Okay Good Great Awesome No votes yet
Hey, remember Tentacle Kitty? The little plushie feline with 10 wiggly things? Well she's been growing in popularity, enough that now Dark Horse Press bring us the Tentacle Kitty Coloring Book. “Tentacle Kitty, or ‘Pink One' as they were called in their tribe, is a kitty from another dimension, that happens to have tentacles. After a series of unfortunate event, they are trapped on Earth trying to find a way home. Armed with ten tentacles, an adventurous spirit, and new friends, what could go wrong?” Featuring 96 pages of art by the likes of John Merritt, Amy King, Yishan Li, Brittney Williams, Aubrey Aiese, and Rootis Tabootus, it wiggles its way onto book shelves this coming May.
Eurotech Racing will expand to a three-car British Touring Car Championship squad in 2018, with the addition of Matt Simpson to its driver line-up.
Eurotech previously ran three cars when Dan Lloyd joined the team for a handful of rounds in 2016, but returned to a two-car outfit when Lloyd dropped out.
“We kept the core team and infrastructure in place to field three cars as it has always been our intention to revert when the right opportunity came along,” explained team principal Jeff Smith.
Simpson brings their own Honda Civic Type R to the team, as well as sponsorship from Simpson Exhausts and Simpson Recycling.
“Our mechanics already have the car back at the workshop, stripped down and currently being updated to the same specification as our existing pair of Type Rs,” Smith said.
“We're looking forward to working with Matt, he's proved a capable driver in the BTCC.
“Using our knowledge and experience, we will be doing everything we can to develop them – the aim being to have all three cars right at the sharp end.
“Having the drive confirmed at this relatively early stage allows us to press on with the car build and plan a full test schedule, with the intention of hitting the ground running for the 2018 season.”
Simpson joined the BTCC grid in 2016 with Speedworks Motorsport, before switching to Team Dynamics for their second year in the championship.
Last year they finished 24th in the championship, with the best finish of 11th at Brands Hatch and Thruxton.
“I'm really pleased to be back for a third year in the BTCC and I'm excited to be running with Eurotech Racing,” they said.
“We have much in common and I've been impressed with their achievements over the past year.
“We all want to win and we're confident that this partnership will give us our best season yet.”
Simpson is the first driver to be confirmed for Eurotech's 2018 squad, with Jeff Smith ruled out after an operation.
If you need a United States passport, you can save $10 by getting it before April.On April 2, the passport execution fee will increase from $25 to $35 . That's the fee that you're charged for submitting your passport application to a passport acceptance agent (a United States Post Office, state or local government or State Department official) for verification and review.The execution fee is imposed in addition to the application fee , which has not changed. That fee can run anywhere between $15 and $110 depending on your age and the type of passport for which you are applying.A passport book application fee is $80 for applicants under 16 and $110 for those 16 and older. For a passport card - which only allows for land and sea travel to Canada, Mexico, the Caribbean and Bermuda - you'll pay $15 for children and $30 for adults 16 and older.The execution fee is not imposed on passport renewals for adults.The Department of State upped the price after its research showed that the current passport fee wasn't covering the costs associated with providing passport-related consular services.
This week marks the end of the Winter Term, during which we published two issues of The Campus. January is a time of transition for the paper, where we say goodbye to old editors who are heading abroad/graduating, welcome back editors from abroad, and invite new editors to join our board. This month we added seven new editors across four sections, and had other editors transfer over to different sections. We have a great team and are incredibly excited to return from February break and have a strong Spring semester. For now, here's our best work from January:
Disclaimer: It is my hope that our readership will use this monthly post to both rediscover old stories and find new ones they may have missed. Of course, most months I will probably leave out a piece that should have been included. It is important to note that I will be selecting stories more or less from memory, so I apologize in advance if I leave anyone out! I'm open to suggestions both before and after the post is published. Feel free to comment or email me at wdigravio@middlebury.edu. Also, there may be times when stories by me appear in this post. In those instances, I will have already reached out to another editor(s) to confirm that they belong. If you disagree, also feel free to email me or comment! Also, the selection of any piece does not constitute an endorsement.
News
Middlebury Dodge GOP Bill's Endowment Tax – By Bochu Ding
Panel Reopens Murray Debate with Legal Perspective – By Catherine Pollack
Residential Life Negotiations Reach SGA – By Elizabeth Sawyer
Student Who Posted ‘The List' Faces Discipline – By Catherine Pollack & Elaine Velie
Local
Carol's Nears Closing – By Amelia Pollard
Vermont Sugarmakers Reflect on New Challenges – By Sadie Housberg
Vt. Lawmakers Legalize Recreational Marijuana Use – By Amelia Pollard and Andres Velazquez
Vt. Guard Proposes Waived College Tuition – By Kenshin Cho
Opinion
A New Presidential Tradition Is Needed – By The Editorial Board
Middlebury: Where White Supremacists, but not Survivors, are Worthy of Free Speech – By It Happens Here Past & Present
Grappling with ‘The List' – By Members of the Distinguished Men of Color Board
The Law Should Not Restrict Speech – By Lukas Carvalho
Arts & Sciences
Five Hot Albums for a Cold Day – By Nate Obbard
Reel Critic: Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri – By Devin McGrath-Conwell
Esteemed Pianist Serenades College – By Bilal Khan
Features
Snow Removal Staff Tackles Winter Weather – By James Finn
‘TIME' Editor Keynotes Women Leaders Summit – By Kayla Lichtman
Founder of Moscow Times Discusses Media in Russia – By Miguel Espinosa
Sports
Ski Squads Have Historic Weekend on Slopes – By Jake Turtel
Women's Hockey Sweeps Bowdoin – Sebastian Sanchez
McCluskey Sets School Record in 200 Meter – By Jordan Howell
Men's Basketball Climbs Atop NESCAC – By Andrew Rigas
The rehabilitation of the southwest corner of the Fire Island Lighthouse terrace, which was compromised in 2012 during superstorm Sandy, started Monday morning, officials said.
During the project, scheduled for completion in June, visitor access may be rerouted to the lighthouse's northern entrance, according to a news release detailing the work that was issued by the National Park Service.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Construction may require closure of the front door of the keeper's quarters but access to the lighthouse tower and museum will be available via the Fresnel Lens Building to the west and from the bay boardwalk to the north.
Ocean Construction Llc is doing the work on the $1.2 million project, which includes the repair of sections of the historic brick wall and terrace that flooded during Sandy. The Marmora, New Jersey-based company specializes in historic preservation.
Other work will involve the southwest corner of the terrace being dismantled to prepare for the rebuilding and strengthening of the substructure and brick, and pavers will be reset to provide a more evenly sloped surface to allow for proper drainage.
The lighthouse, built in 1858, is located on the west end of Fire Island National Seashore, adjacent to Robert Moses State Park, and is accessible year-round by car. The facility is operated by the Fire Island Lighthouse Preservation Society under a cooperation agreement with the National Park Service and the light is owned, maintained and operated by the U.S. Coast Guard.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Exhibits, a nature trail, interpretive and curriculum-based programs are offered at the lighthouse.
New Delhi: Space agencies around the world have their keen sights set on infiltrating the surface of Mars with manned probes in the near future.
Preparations for the same have been lined up with challenges, but scientists know that giving up is not an option and numerous studies and experiments are under way to bring the Martian dream to fruit.
From landing sites to human housing on Mars, everything has been taken into account, however, looks like someone has been thinking out of the box.
During a recent panel discussion, Kris Lehnhardt, an assistant professor from the George Washington University put their finger on a 'pressing' matter – sexual activity in space.
The point they put forward was that if humans are seeking long-term settlement in deep space, sex cannot be forgotten. They further explained that human reproduction is a ‘crucial issue that we have to address,' yet so far remains poorly understood.
Speaking at The Atlantic's ‘On the Launchpad: Return to Deep Space' webcast event, Lehnhardt explained that there are many things we still need to learn about human space flight, including its effects on biology and nutrition.
But, in particular, the workings and potential outcomes of sex in space largely remain a mystery.
‘Something we really don't know about is human reproduction in space,' Lehnhardt said.
‘Not only how our reproductive systems adapt to the space environment, but if we actually want to go places, and we want to stay there – if we're talking about colonization, there's a key component to colonization that makes it possible, and that is having babies.
‘And this is something that we frankly have never studied dramatically, because it's not been relevant to date.
‘But if we want to become a spacefaring species, and we want to live in space permanently, this is a crucial issue that we have to address, that just has not been fully studied yet,' the Daily Mail reported.
Earlier this year, researchers in Japan revealed that they'd successfully used freeze-dried mouse sperm that had lived on the International Space Station (ISS) for nine months to birth healthy pups, Space.com points out.
While this may be a step towards a positive outcome, the insights into human reproduction in space are still a bit blurry.
‘We don't even know if a baby born in space, whether it's in microgravity or on the surface of a celestial body, we have no idea how they're going to develop,' Lehnhardt said.
‘Will they develop bones the way that we do? Will they ever be capable of coming to Earth, and actually standing up?
‘So we're basically, at that point, talking about people who are going to be – if they exist in the future – are going to be vastly different from what we are.
‘And that may be kind of a turning point in human history,' the Daily Mail report said.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Feb 02 2018
STATEMENT BY SASC CHAIRMAN JOHN McCAIN ON PARTISAN ATTACKS ON THE FBI & DOJ
Washington, D.C. ­- U.S. Senator John McCain (R-AZ), Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, released the following statement on partisan attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice: "In 2016, the Russian government engaged in an elaborate plot to interfere in an American election and undermine our democracy. Russia employed the same tactics it has used to influence elections around the world, from France and Germany to Ukraine, Montenegro, and beyond. Putin's regime launched cyberattacks and spread disinformation with the goal of sowing chaos and weakening faith in our institutions. And while we have no evidence that these efforts affected the outcome of our election, I fear they succeeded in fueling political discord and dividing us from one another.
"The latest attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice serve no American interests - no party's, no president's, only Putin's. The American people deserve to know all of the facts surrounding Russia's ongoing efforts to subvert our democracy, which is why Special Counsel Mueller's investigation must proceed unimpeded. Our nation's elected officials, including the president, must stop looking at this investigation through the warped lens of politics and manufacturing partisan sideshows. If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him." ###
The Senator released the official statement on their website within hours of the document's disclosure, saying the"In 2016, the Russian government engaged in an elaborate plot to interfere in an American election and undermine our democracy," they write. "Putin's regime launched cyberattacks and spread disinformation with the goal of sowing chaos and weakening faith in our institutions.""The latest attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice serve no American interests - no party's, no president's, only Putin's," they added. "The American people deserve to know all of the facts surrounding Russia's ongoing efforts to subvert our democracy, which is why Special Counsel Mueller's investigation must proceed unimpeded."
Lucy Letby has been arrested over the deaths of eight babies in a case that has shocked Britain.
Lucy Letby has been arrested over the deaths of eight babies in a case that has shocked Britain.
A SECOND hospital is now investigating the nurse who police allege is linked to the deaths of at least eight babies.
Lucy Letby was arrested on Tuesday on suspicion of murdering the babies and attempting to kill another six infants. A further three baby deaths were being investigated.
The 28-year-old was a celebrated member of the neonatal unit at the Countess of Chester Hospital where a large number of suspicious deaths of infants occurred.
Ms Letby's arrest stunned colleagues because they are regarded as a "champion for children" they care for - and helped a massive fundraising campaign to build a new $5 million baby unit at the hospital and has repeatedly spoken about their devotion to their profession since they graduated in 2011.
It emerged last night a second hospital was helping police with their inquiries. Ms Letby worked at Liverpool Women's Hospital during their training - and health bosses there are now "co-operating with police" as part of their murder investigation.
A spokesperson said there was "currently" no suggestion any patient had come to harm during Ms Letby's placement.
A conviction for eight murders would make Ms Letby Britain's worst child killer.  They are yet to be charged with any offences.
Officers were searching the three-bedroom unit Ms Letby lives in Chester, in northwest England, 2.5km from the Countess of Chester Hospital.
A forensic tent has been set up at the flat, and at the home of their parents.
Neighbours of Ms Letby told media they were in disbelief someone who was so "dedicated to their job" could be accused of anything like what had been suggested.
Nurse Lucy Letby
One local told the Chester Chronicle they had known them since they were just three years' old and "she was lovely, they always have been".
Another said they had only just returned home after holidaying at Devon with their parents.
Others said they kept to themselves and didn't know too many people in the area.
Ms Letby - who has two cats and is registered as living alone at their home - has "liked" UK TV hospital show One Born Every Minute on Facebook.
 They are a member of 14 groups relating to helping sick children, including: "Save special care baby units. They need us. One day u might need them."
Several mothers wrote online of their horror that their children were cared for by Ms Letby.
One said their daughter was cared for by their "everyday for seven weeks".
Another recognised them instantly as a nurse who was involved in the care of two of their grandchildren
In an interview with a local newspaper, Ms Letby told why they loved nursing.
"I qualified as a Children's Nurse from The University of Chester in 2011 and have been working on the unit since graduating," they said.
The Countess of Chester Hospital was where a number of babies died in suspicious circumstances.
"I also worked on the unit as a student nurse during my three years of training. My role involves caring for a wide range of babies requiring various levels of support.
"Some are here for a few days, others for many months and I enjoy seeing them progress and supporting their families."
Detectives were called to the hospital when a report revealed an alarmingly high number of deaths at the neonatal unit.
Staff had noticed a "sudden mottling" on the arms, legs and chests of premature or poorly babies who unexpectedly deteriorated and had to be revived, and noted similar things happening with cases of babies who died.
Police have been working on the case for over a year.
Ms Letby's arrest has shocked them colleagues.
In an announcement in the local paper when they graduated in 2011 with an Honours in child nursing, their parents said: "We are so proud of you after all your hard work. Love Mum and Dad."
Detective Inspector Paul Hughes of Cheshire Police said: "Since the start of our inquiries and, as the information gathering process has continued, the scope of the investigation has now widened.
"We are now currently investigating the deaths of 17 babies and 15 non-fatal collapses between the period of March 2015 and July 2016.
"Parents of all the babies are continuing to be kept fully updated and are being supported throughout the process by specially trained officers."
andrew.koubaridis@news.com.au
Share. The IGN Show airs nightly on Disney XD's gaming block. The IGN Show airs nightly on Disney XD's gaming block.
The IGN Show is set to return to Disney XD's nightly gaming block D|XP, offering you an exclusive look at the biggest games to come this year, plus reviews and so much more.
Starting tonight, August 14, at 9 p.m. ET/6 p.m. PT, The IGN Show will continue airing with brand-new episodes nightly on D|XP. Check out a teaser for the newest episode below, and tune in live or set your DVR to see exclusive gameplay and cooperative details from Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle, plus IGN's New Nintendo 2DS XL review.
The latest episode will also feature IGN's Rewind Theater that dives deep into all of the Easter eggs buried in the Ready Player One debut trailer.
And after watching tonight's episode, join hosts Alanah Pearce, James Duggan, Miranda Sanchez, Naomi Kyle, and William Hayes every night to find out the latest about the year's biggest releases and get an inside pass into the coolest events of the summer.
Interested in catching up on old episodes? Watch the first 10 episodes of The IGN show on demand anytime on IGN's YouTube page to get an inside look at San Diego Comic-Con, Anime Expo, and so much more.
If you're unsure how to watch the show, Disney XD has a handy guide. If you don't have traditional cable, you still have two options to gain access to Disney XD:
Sling TV Orange with Kids Extra at $25 a month
PlayStation VUE Access Slim at $29.99 a month
Both offer free trials as well; a 7-day trial for Sling TV, and a 5-day trial for PlayStation VUE.
This is an IGN production and we control editorial opinion and topic selection (within the bounds of Disney broadcast standards, obviously). Our staff continues to remain on the IGN payroll.
Jonathon Dornbush is an Associate Editor for IGN. Find them on Twitter @jmdornbush.
KUWAIT CITY: It has been agreed upon during a meeting between the Chief of the Naval Staff (CNS) Admiral Zafar Mahmood and Kuwait Naval Forces Commander Brigadier General Khaled Abdullah that Kuwait and Pakistan will increase mutual cooperation in the defence sector. Admiral Mahmood is on an official visit to the Gulf country.
The meeting was also attended by Kuwait Coast Guard Commander Commodore Sheikh Mubarak Ali Yousuf Al-Sabah.
During the meeting with Brigadier General Abdullah, Admiral Mahmood discussed matters of mutual interest and bilateral naval collaboration. Both the dignitaries also discussed avenues to enhance bilateral cooperation between both the navies in the field of training, provision of technical manpower and expertise.
The Kuwaiti commander acknowledged the role played by Pakistan Navy (PN) in providing training to Kuwait Naval Forces. They emphasised the significance of close and strong bilateral naval association in diverse realms between PN and Kuwait Naval Forces. Brigadier General Abdullah also lauded the role and commitment of PN for initiating sustained and credible efforts to maintain regional maritime peace.
Meanwhile, Admiral Mahmood also met Defence Minister Ghulam Dastgir, ambassador of Pakistan to Kuwait and ex-Pakistani servicemen.
MAY 22ND, 2018 (LINCOLN, NEB.) — The Nebraska Department of Veterans' Affairs is now accepting requests from Korean War veterans who wish to receive Ambassador for Peace medals. The medals were created by the Ministry of Patriots and Veterans Affairs in the Republic of Korea to thank American soldiers for their bravery, sacrifice, and courage in the Korean War and as peacekeepers afterwards. The medals will be presented by Governor Pete Ricketts at a special ceremony on Korean War Veterans Armistice Day, July 27th.
Eligible veterans must have:
served in Korea between June 25 th , 1950, and July 27 th , 1953, or
, 1950, and July 27 , 1953, or participated in UN Peacekeeping operations in Korea before January 1st, 1956.
Requests must be submitted by June 29th, 2018, for those wishing to be presented with a medal at the ceremony. The application is available at veterans.nebraska.gov/korea. For assistance in the process, please contact the Nebraska Department of Veterans' Affairs.
“The Korean War is often referred to as the ‘Forgotten War,'” said Governor Ricketts. “I am working with the Nebraska Department of Veterans' Affairs to let our state's veterans know they are not forgotten. They are still, and will always be, heroes.”
This year marks the 65th anniversary of the signing of the treaty that ended the war.
Click here for Ambassador for Peace Medal Application
Click here for Korean War Application Flyer
With 20 blockbuster movies and counting since 2008, the Marvel Cinematic Universe has created a cosmos of big stars, from the misfit crew of "Guardians of the Galaxy" to the high-profile African superhero of "Black Panther." Just imagine a pop culture without these films: Iron Man wouldn't be a household name like Batman or Superman, Ultron would just sound like a bathroom cleaner and certainly nobody would know what the heck “I am Groot” is supposed to mean.
So where does the new superhero sequel "Ant-Man and the Wasp" (officially opening Friday, though theaters will show it the night before) fit into this (seemingly) never-ending superhero saga? Here's the definitive ranking of all the Marvel movies so far:
More: Everything you need to know about the sequel 'Ant-Man and the Wasp'
Review: Evangeline Lilly leads fun-loving 'Ant-Man and the Wasp'
More: What's after 'Avengers 4'? Our superhero wish lists for Marvel's next decade
Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson) and Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) get flirty in 'Iron Man 2.'
Industrial Light & Magic and Marvel
20. 'Iron Man 2' (2010)
Let's accentuate the positive: The sequel gave us Scarlett Johansson's sleek secret agent Black Widow and put Don Cheadle in the War Machine armor. Everything else was a scattershot mess with Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) taking on the wholly underwhelming villain Whiplash (Mickey Rourke).
The big guy on the rampage in 'The Incredible Hulk.'
Rhythm & Hues, Universal Pictures and Marvel Studios
19. 'The Incredible Hulk' (2008)
Before ultimately being replaced in other movies by Mark Ruffalo, Edward Norton starred as scientist Bruce Banner in this odd duck from the nascent MCU. This mostly forgettable affair exists to serve as a reminder that we still deserve a good solo Hulk film one day.
Tony (Robert Downey Jr.) and Pepper (Gwyneth Paltrow) share one of the few non-dangerous moments in 'Iron Man 3.'
Zade Rosenthal/Marvel
18. 'Iron Man 3' (2013)
The results are only so-so as Stark tussles with PTSD, criminally underused antagonist Mandarin (Ben Kingsley) and yawn-worthy villain Aldrich Killian (Guy Pearce). The threequel also proved that, yes, too many armored suits are a bad thing — heck, even Gwyneth Paltrow gets one.
Loki (Tom Hiddleston) and Thor (Chris Hemsworth) foster a sibling rivalry in 'Thor: The Dark World.'
Marvel
17. 'Thor: The Dark World' (2013)
Chris Hemsworth's thunder god has a sequel that's a blender of familiar fantasy tropes as Thor and love interest Jane Foster (Natalie Portman) have to deal with a dark elf with an Infinity Stone. Tom Hiddleston's iconic trickster Loki is in fine form and the film's highlight in every way.
A thunder god (Chris Hemsworth) comes to Earth to prove their worth in 'Thor.'
Zade Rosenthal/Marvel Studios
16. 'Thor' (2011)
Not Marvel's greatest solo movie, but certainly one that takes some admirable swings. A quasi-family drama that boots Thor from the realm of Asgard to Earth in fish-out-of-water fashion so they can be worthy of their mystical hammer, Mjølnir.
The good guys roll out the welcome mat for a killer robot in 'Avengers: Age of Ultron.'
Marvel
15. 'Avengers: Age of Ultron' (2015)
Bursting with a packed ensemble, it's lacking the superteam mojo of the first "Avengers." Only when we see Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner) and their secret home life do we get that great Joss Whedon touch. Also: Bless James Spader's heart for being the world's snarkiest killer robot.
Hope Van Dyne (Evangeline Lilly, left) and Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) suit up as partners in "Ant-Man and the Wasp."
MARVEL STUDIOS
14. 'Ant-Man and the Wasp' (2018)
The satisfying sequel doubles down on all the aspects that made the original "Ant-Man" joyful with one big (or, small, depending on how you look at it) addition: Evangeline Lilly debuts their winged and awesomely rough-and-tumble Wasp on an adventure that takes its size-changing heroes from San Francisco to the Quantum Realm.
Thor (Chris Hemsworth, left) and Bruce Banner (Mark Ruffalo) team up in 'Thor: Ragnarok.'
Marvel
13. 'Thor: Ragnarok' (2017)
Thor and Hulk make a dynamic duo in the best "Thor" solo film (and funniest Marvel project), and anything with the two of them is magic. It's just too bad the larger narrative featuring a hostile takeover by goddess of death Hela (Cate Blanchett) takes a backseat to the various shenanigans.
Benedict Cumberbatch brought magic to the Marvel world with 'Doctor Strange.'
Marvel
12. 'Doctor Strange' (2016)
Benedict Cumberbatch gets a fantastically weird and trippy introduction to the MCU as a sorcerer supreme who goes from rich jerk to humbled hero. It's a magical version of Iron Man's origin and some gags are overly goofy, yet the filmmaking wizardry and effects are second to none.
Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) steals a suit that changes their lives in 'Ant-Man.'
Zade Rosenthal/Marvel
11. 'Ant-Man' (2015)
The heist comedy with a super-shrinking dude was a bigger risk than "Guardians of the Galaxy." Paul Rudd, Michael Douglas and Evangeline Lilly are great together, though, and Marvel gave us something we hadn't seen yet: a hero who's also an ex-con dad.
Robert Downey Jr. and 'Iron Man' jumpstarted the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Zade Rosenthal/Paramount Pictures
10. 'Iron Man' (2008)
The beginning, the kickoff, the OG. A crew of Avengers was probably still a pipe dream for fans and most of Hollywood when Robert Downey Jr. first put on the Iron Man suit, but from the start, the signature swagger, attitude and swig of humility they gave Tony Stark set the tone for everything that was to come.
Ned (Jacob Batalon, left) and Peter (Tom Holland) nerd out in 'Spider-Man: Homecoming.'
9. 'Spider-Man: Homecoming' (2017)
Spider-Man, Spider-Man, does whatever a spider can — and when you're Tom Holland, the new version of the teen web slinger, you also deal with balancing extracurriculars, getting a date for the big homecoming dance, trying to impress Tony Stark and fighting the Vulture in an epic young-adult adventure.
Steve Rogers (Chris Evans) supports their fellow soldiers in 'Captain America: The First Avenger.'
Jay Maidment
8. 'Captain America: The First Avenger' (2011)
Marvel nailed the origin story of Steve Rogers (Chris Evans), the little guy whose heart was bigger than their biceps until a super-soldier serum pumped them up. It offered a great World War II aesthetic, two-fisted adventure and a moral code that created an intriguing thread for their next two movies.
Peter Quill (Chris Pratt) hangs with their dad (Kurt Russell), a living planet, in 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2.'
Chuck Zlotnick
7. 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' (2017)
They had us at “Kurt Russell plays a living planet.” The gravy is everything else: adorable Baby Groot dancing in the middle of a space battle, Dave Bautista's Drax being the buff, oddball voice of reason, and Michael Rooker's space outlaw Yondu stealing the show.
Thanos (Josh Brolin) is out to smash superheroes and grab some Infinity Stones in "Avengers: Infinity War."
MARVEL STUDIOS
6. 'Avengers: Infinity War' (2018)
The third Avengers film is the all-night buffet of superhero fare, with a slew of folks rallying to fend off Thanos, a dude bent on destroying half the universe. It's all pretty tasty, though, with great one-liners, a narrative where good people make some bad decisions, and a stupendous cliffhanger that you'll love to hate.
Erik Killmonger (Michael B. Jordan) and T'Challa/Black Panther (Chadwick Boseman) don't see eye to eye on Wakanda's future in 'Black Panther.'
Matt Kennedy
5. 'Black Panther' (2018)
From hanging in the 1990s Oakland to flying through futuristic present-day Africa, the first solo film for Chadwick Boseman's warrior king is a magnificent journey with awesome set pieces (including a car chase through South Korea that'll leave you breathless) and a near-perfect villain in Michael B. Jordan's Erik Killmonger. Wakanda forever!
Marvel's A-list came together for 'The Avengers.'
Marvel
4. 'The Avengers' (2012)
Whedon's jam-packed ensemble completely lived up to its giant-size expectations. While the heroes-batting-each-other trope is starting to get played out, the excitement is palpable and fanboy hearts melt when hammers and shield fly as Iron Man, Cap and Thor meet.
It's Team Cap vs. Team Iron Man in 'Civil War.'
Zade Rosenthal
3. 'Captain America: Civil War' (2016)
Personal and political stakes are at play as Cap chooses their best friend (and brainwashed assassin) over Iron Man, blowing up the Avengers dynamic. Plus, it has the best superhero battle of them all and memorable intros for Black Panther (Chadwick Boseman) and Spider-Man (Tom Holland).
The not-quite-Avengers-yet crew has to save the universe in 'Guardians of the Galaxy.'
Marvel
2. 'Guardians of the Galaxy' (2014)
Fantastic tunes, a strange cast of characters that inexplicably works, and a story where you're hooked on a bunch of feelings, from the emotions of young Peter Quill crying over their dying mother to the hilarity of grown-up Peter (Chris Pratt) explaining Footloose to new pal Gamora (Zoe Saldana). We are Groot, indeed.
Cap (Chris Evans) and Nick Fury (Samuel L. Jackson) are at the center of a big ol' conspiracy in 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier.'
Marvel
1. 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' (2014)
More political thriller than superhero blockbuster, Captain America's second solo film — and the best Marvel jam of them all — taps into timely themes of privacy concerns, an enemy growing from within, and military might be used in ethically questionable ways. Come for the timeliness, stay for Cap wrecking a bunch of guys in an elevator.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
By The Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Diane Keaton is such a special entertainer that even normally reclusive Woody Allen is appearing in a televised tribute to them
Allen is among those honoring the actor in the American Film Institute's presentation of its 45th Life Achievement Award. The AFI's “Tribute to Diane Keaton” will premiere Thursday night on TNT.
Warren Beatty, Morgan Freeman, Reese Witherspoon, Jane Fonda and Emma Stone also paid homage to Keaton during a gala ceremony last week in Hollywood. Steve Martin and Martin Short performed a musical roast of the actor.
Allen, who directed Keaton to their Oscar-winning performance in “Annie Hall,” said they owe much of what he's accomplished in their life to them
© REUTERS/ Peter Nicholls
© REUTERS/ Parliament TV
There's an embarrassing lack of hard evidence or credible logic to make the British claims stand up.
whose country has been illegally blowing up countries and killing millions of innocents for decades
It's just too much of a coincidence. The dramatic ramping up of Cold War-like hostility towards Russia by Britain and its NATO allies dovetails with major military setback for these same powers in Syria.The plausible connection is this: the attempted smearing of Russia over the apparent poison-assassination plot in Britain is being used by Britain and the United States to push their desired military intervention in Syria to topple the Assad government.Less coincidence; more synchronicity.In Britain, the apparent poisoning of a former Russian spy living in exile with a nerve agent is being sensationally blamed on Moscow. Moscow has rejected official British allegations that its state agents were responsible for the attempted murder of Sergei Skripal and their daughter in the southern English town of Salisbury on March 4.Suspicion stems from the whirlwind speed with which the British authorities have formulated their charges against Russia through a saturated media campaign.Where's the evidence for the alleged Soviet-era "Novichok" nerve agent that the British authorities claim to have detected? And indeed where exactly are the Skripal father and daughter, reportedly confined to hospital intensive care?Prime Minister Theresa May's dramatic announcement in the House of Commons this week blaming Russia for attempted murder and then expulsion of "Russian spies" from Britain, followed by an unprecedented joint statement of "solidarity" from the leaders of Britain, the US, France and Germany - all suggests a choreographed script to impugn Moscow as an international pariah.It's all sound and fury signifying nothing, as Shakespeare would say.But the wider, unspoken significance may be the huge strategic loss unfolding for Britain and its NATO allies in Syria. For the past month, the Syrian state forces and its Russian ally have been closing in on the last-remaining stronghold of the Western-backed militants occupying the suburb of Eastern Ghouta near the capital Damascus.These militant groups - some of whom like al-Nusra Front are internationally proscribed terrorist organizations - have been holding Eastern Ghouta under a reign of terror for the past six years.Today, Western news media can no longer conceal the fact that tens of thousands of civilians are being liberated from terrorist-besieged Eastern Ghouta, just as they were previously in other cities like Aleppo and Homs.In desperation to salvage their regime-change plot, the US and its NATO allies have recently begun threatening to intervene militarily in Syria. The recurring pretext is the alleged use of chemical weapons by Syrian state forces.Earlier this week, American ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley warned that the US would unilaterally order military strikes against the Syrian "regime" on the basis that chemical weapons are allegedly being used against civilians. They said: "We warn any nation that is determined to impose its will through chemical attacks and human suffering, most especially the outlaw Syrian regime, the United States is prepared to act if we must."The British and French have made similar warnings of "striking" Syria over chemical weapons.Russia's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov slammed Haley's remarks about unilateraland unacceptable. "May we remind you that any use of force against Damascus based on far-fetched pretexts is unacceptable," they said.Separately, Russia's top military commander, General Valery Gerasimov, also rebuked the Americans for their proposed military escalation in Syria. They said thatWashington and its British and French allies are intensely chafed by the fact that Russia is thwarting their imperialist scheming in Syria.This is where the chemical-weapon incident in Britain comes into play. The media campaign mounted by the British government is aimed at undermining Russia's moral and legal authority.In drumming up support this week, British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson wrote a revealing opinion piece in The Washington Post. Johnson vilified Russian President Vladimir Putin for "reckless defiance of essential international rules." Which is rather nauseating comingAnyway, here's the revealer. Johnson accused Russia of "immense efforts to conceal the use of chemical weapons by the Assad regime in Syria". Then they go on: "How much easier does it become for a state to deploy chemical weapons when its government has already sought to hide their use by others? I would draw a connection between Putin's indulgence of Assad's atrocities in Syria and the Russian state's evident willingness to employ a chemical weapon on British soil."Never mind thatDamascus has repeatedly and unequivocally stated that it has not used these munitions; that its stockpile wasThe groups that have most probably used toxic substances against civilians in Syria are the NATO-sponsored terrorist proxies who have sought to stage "false flag" provocations as pretexts for military intervention by Washington and its allies.The American and British assertion that Russia has "concealed" the use of chemical weapons by Syrian government forces is an obscene distortion of reality -Ironically, the same provocation with chemical weapons is apparently being orchestrated in Britain. Assertion, allegation, innuendo, media saturation, bombast and barefaced lies are again employed to denigrate and demonize.The audacious thing is how the "dramas" are being synchronized in two different countries. Smearing and undermining Russia with alleged chemical-weapon attacks in Britain is being parlayed to over-ride Russia and the UN Security Council with regard to Syria.Taken together, the provocations in Britain and Syria are being engineered to give Washington and its NATO accomplices a license to kill in even greater numbers in Syria for their regime-change objective.
DAMMAM, Saudi Arabia - Thousands of people attended the first day of an auction of vehicles owned by indebted Saudi Arabian tycoon Maan al-Sanea and their company, a sale which officials say will go towards repaying about 18 billion riyals (S$6.3 billion) owed to creditors.
Authorities say the auction, the subject of huge interest in the Eastern Province where their business is based, reflects their focus on improving corporate governance and by extension Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's commitment to economic reforms.
Creditors ranging from unpaid workers to local and international banks hope the process, which at a later stage will include sale of bigger assets such as property, will lead to repayment of at least part of their debt.
The business person, ranked in 2007 by Forbes as one of the world's 100 richest people, was detained by authorities late last year for unpaid debt dating back to 2009 when their company, Saad Group, defaulted on payments in what was Saudi Arabia's biggest financial meltdown.
Their case is separate from the dozens of Saudi business people and prominent figures who have been held in a corruption crackdown, although the dispute touches on similar investor concerns about Saudi corporate governance.
A three-judge tribunal established in 2016 to resolve Saad's debt dispute late last year appointed a consortium called Etqaan Alliance to liquidate assets owned by the billionaire.
The first phase of the auction was launched this week, with around 900 vehicles including trucks, buses, diggers, forklift trucks and golf carts, owned by Saad Group, based in the city of Khobar, going under the hammer.
Later stages of the process will include other parts of their business empire and personal wealth including property - estimated at around 10.3 billion riyals, as well as machinery, ceramics and furniture in auctions in the Eastern Province, Riyadh, Jeddah and Yanbu, said Abdulaziz al-Rashid, head of Etqaan Alliance, a coalition of companies including two real estate companies, accountants and lawyers.
After a series of TV, online and billboard adverts run by Etqaan Alliance in recent weeks anticipation about the auction has been building.
Roads around the auction site were jammed on Sunday afternoon as people queued to enter the dusty land plot where the event was taking place.
"Can you believe this man was once a billionaire and today they came to the ground level and has to start from scratch?," said a buyer of a forklift truck, giving their first name as Nasser.
DUBAI MEETING
Prospective buyers were mainly business people from local construction companies and other contractors.
"This auction gives a clear message that the court is serious to carry out the liquidation process of all assets to repay creditors," said al-Rashid. "We expect to finalize liquidation of all assets during this year."
Money raised from the first phase of the auction, expected to be completed by the end of April, will go towards repaying creditors owed around 18 billion riyals, they said.
A further 30 billion riyals of debt claims hadn't been processed by the court yet, they said.
Other people familiar with the sale process said the assets to be auctioned under the first phase were expected to cover around 10 to 15 per cent of the 18 billion riyals in claims so far recognised by the court.
Priority for the repayment would first go to repaying unpaid workers, some of whom haven't been paid for more than a year. Vendors and other companies owed money would be given next priority, with banks at a later stage, the people said.
Some of the workers who hope to get paid through the liquidation process were among those attending the event.
Outside the court process, advisers to Saad Group recently asked some bank creditors to meet in Dubai in a bid to try to reach a consensual debt settlement on 16 billion riyals of claims, Reuters reported last week.
The advisers were seeking a deal before Saudi authorities make progress in the auction process.
The people familiar with the auction process said that the legal procedures were on track and would not be affected by any possible settlement Saad Group reaches with its creditors.
Adjuster: Actuals Est. Tckts 1929 1924 1910
NOTE: If daily grosses stop for a movie, it means that the respective studio is no longer tracking it on a daily basis. The exceptions are New Line, Miramax/Dimension and Sony Pictures Classics. They don't do official daily box office, and estimates are made for their movies based on partial data in order to fill out the top 12. Because of this, movies from these studios are more apt to disappear from the daily chart.
No stranger to the Coachella scene, festival alum and California girl Kate Bosworth is also a fan of Palm Springs. In town to support friend Rachel Zoe and the third annual Zoeasis Style Retreat presented by The Zoe Report on Saturday, the actor sat down with WWD to discuss their latest projects, including a collaboration with Los Angeles-based sunglasses designer Jacques Marie Mage, and how to dress for the desert.
WWD: What are you wearing today?
Kate Bosworth: Rachel Zoe Collection and an MCM [bag] and Roger Vivier, which I have been obsessed with for a while. They're like fancy-pants Birkenstocks. These are for outside festival use only. And these are glasses that I designed with Jacques Marie Mage. They're numbered and limited. I named them “Fascination Street.” [Designer Jerome Mage] was introduced to [my husband] Michael [Polish] and I. They really wanted to do an artist-muse series, so they asked Michael and me because we both feel like we are interchangeable artist and muse. Sometimes I am their muse, sometimes they are my muse, and we are both artists. They come out in June, and they are sold on Moda Operandi. They are super light. That's all titanium.
WWD: What do you seek out in a collaboration?
K.B.: I love working with different like-minded artists. I used to be open to everything but now I feel it's very important that, whomever I am collaborating with, that we have a similar vision. I don't mind discussing and conversing over differences — that's totally welcome and I have a good time with it — but sometimes when you're on two separate pages it can get tough. That goes for anything, whether it's a film or a fashion collab.
WWD: How many times have you been to Coachella?
K.B.: It's countless now, but I rarely trek out onto the field. I've passed that baton to my stepdaughter. She'll be running around and getting dirty and getting blisters on their feet. Now I come and see friends and have a nice weekend in Palm Springs. I am also going to shoot the campaign for Jerome in Joshua Tree.
WWD: What draws you to the desert still?
K.B.: I love Palm Springs and I was born in California. It's an iconic California experience, to be in the desert with my husband, and have a day where you can just relax and enjoy the beauty of the desert.
WWD: What has been keeping you busy lately?
K.B.: I just produced a movie that my husband directed, called “Nona.” They wrote the script. It's about human trafficking. We financed it ourselves. They filmed it in Honduras, Guatemala, Mexico City, Tijuana and back to L.A. I had two Navy SEALs with them down there because there is so much corruption and danger and cartel activity. But the subject matter is incredibly important to bring attention to, it's the number-one black market in the world. And I filmed a miniseries for NatGeo called “The Long Road Home.” It's a true story based on Martha Raddatz's book about an infantry in Iraq.
WWD: What is the key to desert dressing?
K.B.: You always think about the heat. It's always shocking. We came by helicopter. We flew up in the higher altitudes and it felt so nice, then suddenly you're descending and it's, oh my gosh, I can feel the heat coming. And even something as simple as shoes. Your feet swell so much in the desert and I remember the first year I came to Coachella, I would Band-Aid my whole foot. Now I am more mindful of things like that.
Death is certain for all living things, including the body's cells. The act of dying is in fact as sophisticated as any process a cell might perform during its lifetime--and when glitches in cell death occur, they can lead to disease or developmental defects.
A team of Rockefeller scientists led by Shai Shaham are interested not only in how cells die, but also in what happens to their corpses. When a cell begins to self-destroy, other cells descend on it to clear away the remnants, which could cause harm if left to loiter. In particular, perishing cells with elaborate shapes--like certain neurons, for example--pose challenges for phagocytes, the cells whose task it is to vacuum up cellular debris.
Now, the researchers report on an unusual cell-death process whose discovery could shed new light on how cells bury their dead.
Working in C. elegans, a microscopic worm, the team zeroed in on a particular cell called the tail-spike cell, which sports a long, slender extension. This cell provides structural support during the tail's formation, after which, considering its mission accomplished, it dies.
In examining the death of the tail-spike cell, Piya Ghose, a postdoctoral fellow in the lab and lead author of a recent report published in Nature Cell Biology, saw that it looked nothing like other cell-death processes.
"Curiously, the middle of the cell is spliced out first," Ghose says.
Dying piece by piece
Indeed, images captured by the team reveal that the process begins with the core part of the cell being severed from its extension, then rounding itself up and gradually disintegrating. The lingering extension vanishes in two steps, driven by different degenerative processes.
"The part of the extension closest to the cell body is broken up into bead-shaped bits," Ghose says, "while the distal part retracts into a ball, which is then removed by a neighboring cell."
It would be easy to dismiss the whole process as a biological quirk--a phenomenon with little relevance for anything but the C. elegans tail-spike cell--if it weren't for the fact that the researchers have watched another worm cell, a neuron, die in the exact same way. "Since we see this phenomenon in two different cell types with complicated shapes, it is conceivable that similar death events occur in many animals, and perhaps even in human disease," says Shaham, who is Rockefeller's Richard E. Salomon Family Professor.
What's more, in delving into the mechanisms that drive this "compartmentalized" death, their team made discoveries that will be useful for understanding the general way in which phagocytes--the body's vacuum cleaners--go about their job. For example, Ghose and Shaham have found that a protein called EFF-1 helps a phagocyte seal its arm-like extensions around a dead cell remnant, allowing it to quickly gobble it up.
"How such sealing takes place had been a long-standing mystery," Shaham says. They believe that these findings may represent the beginnings of an entire molecular framework that remains to be explored. "There is a lot we don't understand about this remarkable death process," they say, "and we are hot on the trail of additional players."
###
None
Caesar Rodney's Morgan Desaulniers (1) clears the ball from in front of their net in the DIAA semifinals game at Dover High School against the Charter School of Wilmington. Jason Minto, The News Journal
ISLAMABAD: Veteran Pakistani TV and film artist Khayyam Sarhadi was remembered on their 7th death anniversary on Saturday (Today).
Son of pre-partition film producer and lyricist Zia Sarhadi, Khayyam acted in a number of popular PTV dramas like Man Chale Ka Sauda, Sooraj Key Saath Saath, Anokha Ladla, Waris and Deep Se Deep Jale.
Since they were educated in England, they could not read Urdu and had to get their dialogues rendered in Roman.
Khayyam was married to a film actor Atiya Sharaf. Later, the couple got divorced and they got married to a TV actor Saiqa. They had four daughters one from Atiya and three from Saiqa, one of their daughters is Zarghuna Khayyam.
Khayyam was a son of a famous Indian film director, producer and writer Zia Sarhadi and their mother was a writer named Zahra Sarhadi. They were the uncle of a model and actor Zhalay Sarhadi.
Their father was a progressive person who produced three films, Hum Loag, Footpath and Awaz before the partition.
They also wrote lyrics for films like Lal Haveli, Jugnu and Anokha Pyar.
Khayyam Sarhadi firmly believes that art has to be nurtured on the physical starvation of the body. “Only then can the finer senses develop, mature. One has to taste hunger and poverty first.”
Khayyam died with a sudden heart attack on 3 February 2011.
loading...
From April to mid of June around 92 films including Hollywood flicks have released at the Indian box office. Some did wonders at the box office, while others failed to woo the audience with their story line and characters. This year has not got many blockbusters till now, but the ones which have become hit are worth a watch for everyone!
The first month of the year became memorable at the box office with the clash of Shah Rukh Khan starrer Raees and Hrithik Roshan's Kaabil. Raees was not a blockbuster but had managed to recover investment and make some profit whereas Kaabil turned out to be a super hit at the box office with a collection of 126.85 crores, thanks to its minimal making cost.
Apart from these Shraddha Kapoor and Aditya Roy Kapur's Ok Jaanu and Nawazuddin Siddiqui's Haraamkhor tanked at the box office with collections of 23.05 crores and 1 crore respectively. Deepika Padukone's debut Hollywood film xXx: Return Of Xander Cage had also released in this month but their debut had failed to woo their fans. The other flops in the months were Prakash Electronics, Ashley, Passengers (English), M. A. Pass, Majaz Ae Gham – E – Dil Kya Karun, Beauty with Brain, Coffee With D, Hyena Ek Chalak Haseena and Double Dealer.
February had 13 releases but only one managed to come out with flying colors at the box office. Akshay Kumar's Jolly LLB 2 managed to earn 117.2 cores but films like The Ghazi Attack, Irada, Resident Evil: The Final Chapter (English), Alif, Rings(English), Horror Night, Kung Fu Yoga, Wedding Anniversary, 9'0 Clock, Mona Darling, Internet Ke Thagg, Running Shaadi and Rangoon were major flops of the month.
The month of March witnessed 20 releases at the box office but only Varun Dhawan and Alia Bhatt's Badrinath Ki Dulhania managed to become a blockbuster with a collection of 116.60 crores. The films like Naam Shabana, Phillauri, and Logan (English) were at no loss no gain with earning of 36.50 crores, 28.40 crores, and 33.03 crores respectively. Other films like Commando 2, Jeena Isi Ka Naam Hai, Wrong Love, Kong: Skull Island (English), Desi Black Picture, Mantra, Perfect Guest PG, Aagaya Hero, Beauty And The Beast (English), Anaarkali Of Aarah, Trapped, Machine, Bhanwarey, Ishq Ka Jazbaa, Poorna, tanked miserably at the box office.
The month of April was flooded with releases. With 22 releases at the box office, only 6 films were noticed by the audience rest seemed to be had gone unnoticed. The biggest blockbuster film of the year Baahubali: The Conclusion took the box office by storm with the collection of 506.53* crores. The second film which came out to be a hit was The Fate Of Furious with a collection of 77 crores. The films like Mahima Rah Baba Ki, Blue Mountain, Kehkashan, Baazi Zindagi Ki, Yeh Hai Gaddar Dil, Romeo N Bullet, Crazzy Lamhe, Ek Thi Rani Aisi Bhi, Ajab Singh Ki Gajab Kahani, Vahshi, Jab Raat Hoti Hai, DHD, Masti Nahi Sasti, Laali Ki Shaadi Mein Laddoo Deewana and Smurfs – The Lost Village (English) went unnoticed at the box office with a very minimal collection. The big star starrer films like Noor, Begum Jaan and Maatr also could not please the audience with their acting in films and resulted in major flops of the year.
In the month of May, there were 3 Hollywood films which released at the Indian box office. The films Alien: Covenant, Pirates of the Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge and Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 managed to be average. Apart from these films 12 Bollywood films released and only Irrfan Khan starrer Hindi Medium managed a super hit title at the box office with a collection of 64* crores.
Shraddha Kapoor and Arjun Kapoor starrer Half Girlfriend turned out to be average with an earning of 58.71* crores, whereas Ayushmann Khurrana and Parineeti Chopra's Meri Pyaari Bindu and Amitabh Bachchan's Sarkar 3 were flops of the month. Sachin: A Billion Dream made a decent collection of 50.00* crores. Meanwhile, films like Mantostaan, Mafia Bigg Boss, Mukkadarpur Ka Majnu, Life Ki Aisi Ki Taisi, Sargoshiyan and Sweet Love are the films came and went without any acknowledgment at the box office.
The ongoing month of June might turn out to be the best month at the box office with the release of Salman Khan's much-awaited film Tubelight. Apart from this, the films which have already hit theaters are Raabta, The Mummy (English), Behen Hogi Teri, Wonder Woman (English), Dobaara – See Your Evil, Baywatch (English) and Hanuman Da Damdaar.
Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo's 10-year-old Amur tiger (Panthera tigris altaica), Changbai, gave birth on Nov. 25 to four tiger cubs, although only two survived. The two surviving cubs, both females, were removed from Changbai when they showed no interest in taking care of them. Both two-week-old cubs are in seclusion in the Zoo hospital, housed in a 90-degree ambient temperature enclosure, with a base warmed to 85 degrees to sustain the cubs' warmth.
“We are hand feeding the babies five times a day,” explained Zoo Director Gregg Dancho. “They are being given a feline milk replacement formula, supplemented with vitamins. They are a little underweight, possibly due to the age of their mother and the fact that there were four kittens in the litter.” Survival of the two remaining cubs is still a challenge. Zoo veterinarians and animal care staff are doing everything they can to get them through this critical time. It will be several more weeks before the cubs will be available for viewing by the public.
Zoo staff was aware of the tiger's pregnancy through fecal hormone testing, and had been keeping a 24-hour watch on Changbai for the past few weeks. A female tiger at the age of ten has only a twenty percent change of a successful pregnancy, so good husbandry and a quick response from the animal care team makes a difference. When Zoo staff saw the firstborn kitten unresponsive and that Changbai was disinterested in grooming or nursing the remaining kittens, a decision was made to remove them to begin feeding. A second kitten died later that night.
Zoo veterinarians and animal care staff are providing around the clock care and supervision for the remaining cubs. The two kittens' survival is an important step forward in maintaining the genetic diversity of Amur tigers worldwide, a critically endangered species that is rapidly disappearing from the wild. The kittens' survival to two weeks was a critical milestone, but it will be another few weeks before they can be considered out of danger.
Dancho said that every possible effort was being made to help the kittens survive.“The birth of these kittens brings a few more precious tigers to the population, which can help ensure the survival of these majestic animals for future generations.”
Bridgeport Mayor Joseph P. Ganim said, “The news of two tiger cubs born at our own Beardsley Zoo is very exciting. I have to commend the staff at the Zoo for all they do caring for the animals, and most recently, for providing the conditions that led to the miracle of these valuable baby cubs. If you didn't already have enough reason to visit Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo in Bridgeport, now you have two new very cute reasons.”
Amur tigers, also known as Siberian tigers, are very rare. According to the Association of Zoos and Aquariums' (AZA) statistics, today's tigers are thought to occupy less than seven percent of their original range. Threatened by habitat loss and degradation, poaching, tiger-human conflict, and loss of prey, four of nine subspecies have disappeared from the wild just in the past hundred years. The future of the Amur tiger has been a major concern of the world's zoos for many years.
All tigers now have protected status in the wild, but that doesn't guarantee their safety. A breeding program recommendation comes from the Species Survival Plan (SSP), administered by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums in accredited zoos. Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo is home to the parents, a male, Petya, and a female, Changbai, who joined the Zoo family last winter. Managed by the SSP, inter-regional transfers are arranged with careful attention to gene diversity in the hope that successful breeding will take place. Chang was sent to Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo as an excellent genetic match to the Zoo's resident male tiger.
Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo will provide update on the kittens' condition on its website and on Facebook.
About Amur tigers
The Amur, or Siberian tiger, is a rare subspecies of tiger, and the largest cat in the world. Adult male tigers can weigh up to 675 pounds, with females weighing up to 350 pounds. Chang is small for a female Amur tiger, weighing 297 pounds. Similar to people's fingerprints, no two tigers have the same striped pattern. Amur tigers differ from other tigers with fewer, paler stripes, and a mane that helps to keep them warm. They live in southeast Russia as well as small areas of China and North Korea. They live for 10-15 years in the wild, and up to 22 years in captivity.
About Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo
Connecticut's only zoo, celebrating its 95th anniversary this year, features 300 animals representing primarily North and South American species. Visitors can visit Amur (Siberian) tigers and leopard, Brazilian ocelot, Mexican wolves, and Golden Lion tamarins. Other highlights include the South American rainforest with free-flight aviary, the prairie dog exhibit with “pop-up” viewing areas, the New England Farmyard with goats, cows, pigs, sheep, and other barnyard critters, plus the hoofstock trail featuring bison, pronghorn, deer, and more. Guests can grab a bite at the Peacock Café, eat in the Picnic Grove, and enjoy a ride on the indoor carousel. For more information, visit beardsleyzoo.com.
Covered only in clay, Kim teased their new fragrance, KKW Body. Picture: Instagram
Covered only in clay, Kim teased their new fragrance, KKW Body. Picture: Instagram
KIM Kardashian has done it again.
The reality TV star turned beauty mogul has posted a number of nude photos on Instagram, pushing the limits of Instagram's nudity guidelines.
They first posted a topless picture, where only their arm is covering their bust and their face is out of the shot.
Kim knows exactly how to get people talking. Picture: Instagram
They followed this with what may be their most X-rated self-promotional shot ever.
The photo is of Kim's torso and lower-body, sans underwear or literally anything else. They leaf very little to the imagination - but then again, they wouldn't be the Kim we love if they did.
Kim Kardashian posted some of their most racy photos ever this week — to help sell their new perfume. Picture: Instagram
It's all to promote their new fragrance, KKW Body, which drops on April 30.
Teasing the perfume's release with a final photo of their naked body covered in clay, they wrote, "We took a mould of my body and made it a perfume bottle."
Speaking to Business of Fashion about the fragrance, Kardashian said: "The next fragrance I have coming out in May, KKW Body, is so amazing. It is a sculpture, basically, of my body,
"It's really cool. The scent is so good, I'm so proud of it. It smells to me like what I would think golden smells like, even though that's a colour and something that's just luminous."
A post shared by Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian)
But the photos have some fans upset, with many commenting that they have taken it too far this time.
One Instagram user commented, "This is not okay!"
Another wrote: "I love them but this is [too] much! There is no need to expose everything like that honestly."
Still, whether you love them or hate you, you have to admire their commitment to brand consistency!
Substitute Enner Valencia scored their first Everton goal to break Southampton's resolve and send the home side on their way to a 3-0 win at Goodison Park on Monday, with Leighton Baines and Romelu Lukaku also finding the net.
Valencia had not scored in the Premier League since getting two goals for West Ham United against Manchester City last January, but secured the breakthrough in the 73rd minute when they bundled home the rebound after Fraser Forster had saved Lukaku's header.
Ronald Koeman's side had struggled to find solutions to prise open their former employers but killed off the contest in the 81st minute when Baines beat Forster from the spot after Maya Yoshida clumsily brought down Lukaku.
Everton ran riot as Southampton crumbled and Lukaku signed off a dominant second half when they slammed an emphatic effort into the top corner from just inside the visitors' box in the 89th minute.
The win keeps Everton in seventh on 30 points, six behind Manchester United who play later on Monday, while Southampton remain on 24 points.
Meanwhile, West Bromwich Albion hit back from a goal down to beat Hull City 3-1 as second-half goals by Chris Brunt, Gareth McAuley and James Morrison piled on the misery for Mike Phelan's struggling side.
Robert Snodgrass gave Hull the lead at the Hawthorns in the 21st minute, sliding in to volley Ahmed El Mohamady's cross into the net and the Tigers were good value for their lead at the break.
But West Brom started the second half strongly and equalised four minutes in after sustained pressure yielded a corner which Brunt dispatched into the net with a powerful header.
McCauley struck in the 62nd minute, the referee ruling that their header had crossed the line before being cleared as Hull failed to deal with another set piece, and Morrison scuffed a left-footed shot home 11 minutes later.
Hull remained mired in the bottom three on 13 points while West Brom are eighth on 29 ahead of their trip to Tottenham Hotspur.
For decades, a so-called anti-propaganda law prevented the U.S. government's mammoth broadcasting arm from delivering programming to American audiences. But on July 2, that came silently to an end with the implementation of a new reform passed in January. The result: an unleashing of thousands of hours per week of government-funded radio and TV programs for domestic U.S. consumption in a reform initially criticized as a green light for U.S. domestic propaganda efforts.
"They don't shy away from stories that don't shed the best light on the United States," they told The Cable. They pointed to the charters of VOA and RFE: "Our journalists provide what many people cannot get locally: uncensored news, responsible, discussion, and open debate."
A former U.S. government source with knowledge of the BBG says the organization is no Pravda, but it does advance U.S. interests in more subtle ways. In Somalia, for instance, VOA serves as counterprogramming to outlets peddling anti-American or jihadist sentiment. "Somalis have three options for news," the source said, "word of mouth, Al-Shabaab or VOA Somalia."
The agency wants to reach diaspora communities, such as St. Paul Minnesota's significant Somali expat community. "Those people can get Al-Shabaab, they can get Russia Today, but they couldn't get access to their taxpayer-funded news sources like VOA Somalia," the source said.
The US government has a bit of a PR problem at the moment, thanks to Ed Snowden's leaks and a decade-plus of general antipathy towards its constituents' rights and liberties growing out of its War on Terror.Fortunately, the government now has a chance to aim its official version of today's news at US citizens, thanks to the repeal of a so-called "anti-propaganda" law earlier this month The Broadcast Board of Governors, which produces programming like the Voice of America and Radio Free Europe, has been prevented from aiming its programming at Americans since the 1970's when the Smith-Mundt Act (which authorized the State Dept. to communicate with foreign audiences via many methods, radio being one of them) was amended to prohibit domestic dissemination of the BBG's broadcasts.Now, the Smith-Mundt Modernization Act of 2012 (part of the National Defense Authorization Act ) has repealed the domestic prohibition, allowing the government's broadcasting to be directed at/created for Americans for the first time in over 40 years.BBG spokesperson Lynne Weil says these efforts aren't simply pro-government hype machines.As Weil points out, this will bring a new level of transparency to the BBG as communicating to Americans is no longer prohibited. If nothing else, transcripts of BBG programming will be easier for Americans to get ahold of. A court ruled in 1998 that the limitations of the Smith-Mundt Act exempted the Voice of America from releasing transcripts in response to FOIA requests.Another possible plus is the fact that the BBG will provide a free, "local" news source for immigrant populations.These positives aside, the thought of a state-run news agency being allowed to direct its efforts at Americans is still uncomfortable.(Of course, the mainstream media outlets haven't shown much reluctance to regurgitate talking points, which almost makes the BBG's efforts seem redundant.)While the BBG may provide a less-biased source of news for many foreigners (or at least provide a different bias), the purpose of its broadcasts to its new American audience is less clear. The fact that the State Department is behind the effort doesn't do much to allay fears that the BBG willThe State Department's reaction to the leak of diplomatic correspondence by Wikileaks was to block its employees' access to the site (or any site containing the word "Wikileaks") and demand the digital documents be "returned." How will a state-run press react to developments like these? Will it be forced to play by the department's rules, no matter how illogical, or will it be able to deal with them in a more forthright manner?In a time where the administration seems to be forced to play defense with increasing frequency, it's hard to believe it won't be willing to exploit this addition to its PR arsenal.
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — It looks like a perfectly staged assassination, straight out of the pages of a spy novel: North Korean royalty Kim Jong Nam, the estranged, exiled half-brother of leader Kim Jong-un, falls ill at a Malaysian airport, complains of being sprayed with some sort of chemical, and drops dead.
But, as with many things about the alleged motives of cloistered North Korea, the unknowns currently far outweigh the certainties.
A look at what officials are trying to piece together as they work to reconstruct one of the most audacious, mysterious assassinations in recent Asian history:
___
Advertisement
WHY NOW?
This is the big one: Motive.
Kim Jong Nam, a jovial, overweight gambler and playboy, had embarrassed Pyongyang before — they tried to sneak into Tokyo Disney; they criticized their half-brother — but he's been generally seen more as an annoyance than an existential threat to North Korea's stability.
Why would Kim Jong-un go through the massive logistical trouble — and potential embarrassment — of staging the risky assassination of a blood relation on foreign soil?
Without elaborating, South Korea's spy service told lawmakers Wednesday that the North had been trying to kill Kim Jong Nam for five years. Spy officials offered a single, shaky motive for the death: Kim Jong-un's “paranoia” over their estranged brother.
But the South's National Intelligence Service has a long history of botching intelligence on North Korea and has long sought to portray the North's leadership as mentally unstable.
Some in Seoul wonder if Kim Jong-un might have become enraged when a South Korean newspaper reported last week that Kim Jong Nam tried to defect to the South in 2012. South Korea's spy service denied this, but it's still an open question: Could public speculation that a member of the exalted Kim dynasty wanted to flee to the hated South have pushed Kim Jong-un to order their brother's assassination?
___
WHY THE AIRPORT IN MALAYSIA?
There would seem to be easier, less public places to kill such a high-profile target.
A possible explanation might be found in another nugget provided by South Korea's spy agency: China had long protected Kim Jong Nam and their family in their home base of Macau. Analysts have seen Beijing as looking to Kim Jong Nam as a potential leader should North Korea's regime collapse.
With security, presumably overseen by China, tight in Macau, could there have been a security gap in Malaysia that offered North Korean assassins an opportunity they couldn't have gotten elsewhere?
___
WHO Is THE MYSTERY WOMEN?
The details of the attack itself are a tangled mess as of now.
Kim told medical workers that he'd been sprayed with a chemical, which brings to mind past attacks with poison-tipped pens linked to North Korean assassins.
South Korea's spy agency says two women believed to be North Korean agents attacked Kim. They then reportedly fled. Japanese media quoted the government in Tokyo as saying those women may now be dead. None of this has been confirmed yet.
Still, finding out who these women are and who hired them could go a long way to unlocking the mystery.
___
WHAT NEXT?
North Korea has said nothing officially about the death, but that's not unusual. The country's propaganda specialists are masters at reporting only details that lionize the Kim family as paragons of virtue. This clearly doesn't do that.
China may be angry at the killing of a close North Korean contact, so there could be some sort of reaction, possibly back-channel, from Beijing.
But a more concrete punishment could come from Washington.
Cheong Seong-Chang, a South Korean analyst, said the assassination might convince the U.S. Congress to relist North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism, further isolating the already widely shunned country.
___
Associated Press writer Kim Tong-hyung in Seoul, South Korea, contributed to this report.
Spring brings a new group of healthy trends. Andrea Donsky, the editor-in-chief of naturallysavvy.com , visited WCL to talk about the latest and greatest.A huge trend is non-toxic personal care products including feminine hygiene products. We often think of making better food choices but we may not think about what we're putting in or on our bodies. Natracare has a line of organic and non-toxic tampons, pads, panty liners and wipes (including baby wipes) that are plastic-free, biodegradable, certified organic, and certified Made Safe-meaning they won't contain any harsh chemicals that could be potentially harmful to us ladies.Another trend is "convenience foods." Made Good has a line of granola bars, minis, and crispy squares that are delicious and nutritious because each bar has one full serving of vegetables including spinach, broccoli, and carrots. All of their products are made in a dedicated facility that's free from the top eight allergens like peanut, tree nuts, and soy. They are also gluten-free, organic, and Non-GMO project verified.A food trend that continues to gain momentum year-after-year is "plant-based." So if you're trying to eat less animal protein and more plant-based foods, Daiya has a line of plant based foods that are dairy, gluten and soy-free. They recently launched a Meatless Meat Lover's Pizza. Its toppings include meatless sausage crumbles and meatless pepperoni slices, Daiya's signature shredded cheese all on a gluten-free crust.There are a few trends when it comes to supplements. The first one is "whole food supplements," meaning they're made with real food, and not synthetic ingredients. MegaFood, a company known for their whole food supplements, just launched a line of plant-based gummies that come in 4 different flavors including: B12 Energy Cranberry, B12 Energy Ginger, D3 Wellness Mixed Fruit and C Defense Tangy Citrus. They're Organic and Non-GMO, and they're available in natural foods stores and online.The second supplement trend falls into the anti-aging category. Are you familiar with "collagen?" Collagen is a protein found in abundance in our body. We're born 90% collagen, but as we age our levels decline leading to fine lines and wrinkles. Collagen is also important for bone health so if you have osteopenia, osteoporosis or if you're trying to prevent both, taking collagen is a must. There are two different type of collagen: Type 1 & 3 for Hair, Skin, Nails and type 2 for joint health. Neocell has a great line of products.And the last supplement trend is "probiotics." Probiotics are super important for our gut health and since 70-80% of our immune system is found in the gut, we want to make sure there is always a proper balance of good to bad bacteria (for most of us that balance is out of whack and there is more bad bacteria than good!). Just Thrive is a unique probiotic plus antioxidant. It contains 3 important strains, but it also has an antioxidant-producing strain called HU36 that survives in the gut and performs many critical functions, including strengthening the immune system; reducing inflammation; and increasing digestion and absorption of nutrients from food. Just Thrive Probiotic is shelf stable so you don't need to refrigerate it. It's dairy-free, and safe for kids and vegans.For more about healthy food and products, visit Andrea's website: http://naturallysavvy.com/
Police divers search the river near the Woodburn Memorial Hall for a missing man.
Police divers search the river near the Woodburn Memorial Hall for a missing man. Marc Stapelberg
PROSECUTORS won't pursue more serious charges against a man accused of assaulting their drunk friend on the banks of the Richmond River, moments before the friend rolled into the water and drowned.
Luke James Mote, 43, will also fight the police charge of assault occasioning actual bodily harm levelled against them in the wake of the tragic June 12 incident at Woodburn, in which homeless man Robert Doyle lost their lives.
Mote faced Lismore Local Court on Tuesday, where their solicitor Rachel Thomas entered a not guilty plea to the assault charge.
Wearing a charcoal hoodie and matching tracksuit pants and trainers, Mote was supported by two loved ones in the public gallery.
They have been granted bail since their last court appearance, despite being initially refused bail by a magistrate on June 13.
Police prosecutor Brett Gradisnik told the court they had asked the matter to be adjourned on the last occasion for referral to the DPP in case more serious charges were filed.
However, they said there was "no election by the Director" in relation to the matter.
The court has previously heard that Mote and Mr Doyle, 45, were sleeping rough behind the Woodburn Community Hall on June 12.
Mote allegedly told police they had prodded their sleeping and intoxicated friend with their foot twice and attempted to move them away from the river with a "monkey grip" when the men both rolled into the water.
Mr Doyle never resurfaced, and their body was found by police divers on the morning of June 14.
After Mr Doyle fell in, Mote rushed to a nearby service station to raise the alarm saying their friend had fallen into the river without their involvement.
But they allegedly later admitted to police that they had tried to move Doyle away from the river edge by kicking them twice to wake them up and then gripping theirs hands.
They were subsequently charged with assault prior to Mr Doyle's body being located.
Police have since conducted detailed forensic analysis of the evidence and there was no suggestion in court on Tuesday of any evidence that contradicted Mote's story.
Sgt Gradisnik also did not object to the lifting of all conditions on Mote's bail status, making it unconditional.
Magistrate Annette Sinclair ordered the brief of evidence be served on July 31 and adjourned the matter until August 10.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Newly obtained surveillance video has caused Nashville police to revise their account of a traffic stop on Friday that ended with a white officer shooting and killing an armed African-American man.
Police say footage first made available Tuesday shows there was no initial physical confrontation between Jocques Scott Clemmons and Nashville Officer Josh Lippert right after Clemmons ran a stop sign and they both exited their cars.
Based on a different video, police first believed Clemmons “abruptly charged at Officer Lippert, making full contact with their body.”
Instead, the latest video angle shows Clemmons ran toward Lippert to get around him, stopped short of the officer, and then turned around and ran in the opposite direction, police said.
Advertisement
In the following pursuit by the officer, Clemmons, 31, refused orders to drop the loaded pistol before Lippert fired at him, police said.
Clemmons was convicted of a cocaine felony in 2014, and as a convicted felon, it would have violated both state and federal law to possess the pistol, according to police.
The new video comes amid outcry from Clemmons' family and supporters questioning the police's claims and the officer's actions. On Tuesday evening, protesters marched behind Black Lives Matter banners from nearby the public housing development where the shooting occurred to Nashville City Hall. They chanted “Justice for Jocques” and demanded that Officer Lippert, who is on administrative assignment during the investigation, be fired.
With the video's release Friday, Nashville Police Chief Steve Anderson assured citizens that the investigation will be “fair, objective and complete.”
“As part of the full and accountable investigation into this matter, it is important that the community know of this new development,” Nashville Police Chief Steve Anderson said in a news release. “The investigation is active and progressing. We are engaging with the FBI.”
Police were initially depending on a surveillance tape from Friday that was filmed further away and from a different angle. That video “created the impression of contact” between the two men, police said.
One of the videos released by police appears to show that, after a scuffle, Clemmons was moving away with their back turned to Officer Lippert when Clemmons was shot. Clemmons appeared to be trying to get in between two parked cars. They were shot in the back and died at the hospital Friday.
Interviewed by detectives Friday, Lippert did not say Clemmons physically contacted them after they left their cruiser.
Officer Lippert has been suspended 20 days over their five years as a Nashville officer. Some of those were in incidents where they used force, according to their personnel file.
Lippert used physical force to take a black driver out of a car during an October 2015 traffic stop, earning them an eight-day suspension, records show. Lippert's decision to use force “unnecessarily escalated the encounter when the motorist had indicated they were willing to voluntarily step from the car if a supervisor was present,” a disciplinary report states.
In June 2013, outside a Nashville bar, Lippert punched in the face and pepper-sprayed a drunken man who had begun fighting with them after Lippert decided to switch out the handcuffs on the man.
Lippert's “actions created the necessity to use force against an intoxicated subject,” according to a disciplinary report that suspended them for three vacation days.
The shooting death of Clemmons has heightened calls from the NAACP, American Civil Liberties Union and protesters for quick action on implementing city plans to equip Nashville police with body cameras. Mayor Megan Barry plans to ask for $12 million for the cameras in the 2017-18 budget.
Additionally, ACLU of Tennessee is asking for the formation of “an independent civilian review board, with robust power to investigate and hold law enforcement accountable.”
U.S. Attorney David Rivera has said their office will work with the FBI and the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice in monitoring the case.
Police are also looking to identify and interview another person who was in the passenger seat of the pulled-over car but left during the incident.
From Madonna to Prince, Paul McCartney, Elton John and The Spice Girls, Liam O'Neil has dished up culinary creations for some of the biggest names in music.
The Perth-raised chef spent most of their 20s travelling the globe with the world's most elite tour catering company, visiting almost 90 countries.
From private planes to hunting for ingredients in Poland and setting up a makeshift kitchen on an ice-hockey rink, O'Neil said it was an often bizarre existence and their encounters with the celebrities were varied.
“Madonna has a lot of personal assistants so it could be like Chinese whispers at times,” they told AAA
“But with Crowded House, Neil Finn would come into the kitchen and look in the fridge as if they were at home.
“The Cure would want a bottle of whisky from whatever town we were in and they would want the crew to be in their dressing room when they came off stage.
“Elton John would get a helicopter into wherever they were playing. I had to cook for their dogs, which was a bit of a joke.”
Other names O'Neil worked with included Blondie, George Michael, Alicia Keys, the Who, John Mayer and Rod Stewart.
It was during this time they developed a passion for juicing and realised Perth was behind the eight ball with the wellness trend.
They set up their juice and cleanse company, RE:Fresh, two years ago using some of the tips and tricks they acquired from their time cooking for the stars.
“With Madonna, The Spice Girls and a few other musicians, their diet was smoothies and juices,” O'Neil said.
“Having nutritionists that work for these people tell you what they need and why, it got me really interested in juicing.”
O'Neil uses many native ingredients in their creations such as lemon myrtle and Kakadu plum, and they focus on sourcing local produce from WA farmers.
“Health benefits are priority and then it's about making it tasty,” they said.
“I think me having the palate of a chef and knowledge of flavour profiles, my juices are quite a bit different.
“The juice industry is worth $3 billion in the States and it's been going for 15 years. But here, the general population is really only just starting to understand the education on ‘you are what you eat'. By no means is juicing a fad.”
You know they've lost the argument and the plot when they use racism to fight alleged racism.
Truth Revolt reports:
While the news media continue to either suggest or openly declare that President Trump and their administration are white supremacists, they ignore the blatant racism of the Black Lives Matter (BLM) terrorist movement.
A BLM leader in Toronto recently posted on Facebook that white people are “sub-human,” that blacks are “superhuman,” and that the white race could be wiped out “if we had the power to.”
Heat Street reports that Toronto BLM co-founder Yusra Khogali argued that black people are the superior race because white people possess “genetic defects” that make them lesser humans.
“Whiteness is not humxness, in fact, white skin is sub-humxn,” they wrote, using the gender-inclusive “x” construction favored by identity politics fanatics. “All phenotypes exist within the black family and white ppl are a genetic defect of blackness.”
They explained that white people are lesser because “[they] have a higher concentration of enzyme inhibitors that suppress melanin production. They are genetically deficient because melanin is present at the inception of life.”
“Melanin enables black skin to capture light and hold it in its memory mode which reveals that blackness converts light into knowledge. Melanin directly communicates with cosmic energy,” they added.
Yeah, that sounds legit.
Khogali then proclaimed: “White ppl are recessive genetic defects. This is factual.”
Khogali went on to muse that “Black ppl simply through their dominant genes can literally wipe out the white race if we had the power to.”
“Do you ever wonder how black ppl after centuries of colonial violence, genocide and destruction—no matter what systems created to make us extinct… How we keep coming back? It is because we are superhumxns,” they added.
How is this not black supremacism, and why are the media not condemning this facet of the Black Lives Matter movement?
As Heat Street previously reported, during a protest in Toronto Khogali accused Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of being a “white supremacist terrorist” for welcoming refugees to the country. They were seen shouting: “When Justin Trudeau says that they are a liar! He's a hypocrite!  They are a white supremacist terrorist! That is what they are. Do not be fooled by their liberal bullshit. Do not be fooled.”
Former France manager Henri Michel, who guided the national team to an Olympic gold medal and third place in the World Cup, has died at the age of 70, the French Football Federation announced on Tuesday.
Michel managed the team that won gold at the Los Angeles Olympics in 1984. Under him, France made the semi-finals of the World Cup in Mexico two years later where they lost 2-0 to West Germany before beating Belgium 4-2 to seal third place.
As a player, Michel made over 500 appearances for French side Nantes and won three league titles in a 16-year career with them. They were also capped 58 times by the national team between 1967-80 and scored four goals.
Michel was in charge of three more teams that played in the World Cup, managing Cameroon (1994), Morocco (1998) and Ivory Coast (2006).
Their last assignment was with Kenya in 2012.
A man was fatally shot by an off-duty Chicago police officer in the Hermosa neighborhood Monday morning, police said.The shooting occurred in the 2500-block of North Lowell Avenue at about 9:14 a.m., police said.Family identified the victim as Jose Nieves, 38. They were taken to Illinois Masonic Hospital where they were pronounced dead, police said. The off-duty officer was not injured.At a news conference Monday afternoon, Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson said the shooting was a result of a verbal altercation and that the officer and the subject knew each other from a prior incident.Johnson said no weapon was recovered from the scene other than the officer's weapon.
A 53-year-old police inspector is now on police bail after being arrested last afternoon (12 June) on suspicion of dangerous driving.
The officer, who has been suspended from duty, was sought by police after they fled the scene of an accident on Saturday at Hurley's round-about.
The 53-year-old officer is from George Town.
According to police two vehicles collided just after 4 pm Saturday ( 10 June) at the Hurley's roundabout.
One of the drivers left the scene of the accident and responding officers later determined the driver is an inspector with the RCIPS.
The RCIPS says officers have made numerous attempts to locate them over the weekend. Passengers in the other car were uninjured.
The officer has been suspended with full pay as required under section 95 (3) of the police law and is standard procedure.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
The Queensland Times general manager Louis Moore, Maha Sinnathamby and Neil Monaghan at the launch of the Greater Springfield Daily Record at the Orion Hotel on Wednesday.
SPRINGFIELD Land Corporation chairperson Maha Sinnathamby has thrown their support behind the region's newest media website, the Greater Springfield Daily Record.
At the website launch party at the Orion Hotel, they urged residents who live within Springfield, Springfield Central, Springfield Lakes, Brookwater and Augustine Heights to sign up for the new news site, which allows them to access information at home, at work or on the go.
"What we have created in Greater Springfield hasn't been done anywhere else," Mr Sinnathamby said.
"With Aveo coming in, and the Mater Hospital and a wonderful educational facility such as the University of Southern Queensland, we are creating a lifestyle which has not been seen anywhere else.
"You haven't seen anything yet. You just keep following the media and the Greater Springfield Daily Record."
Springfield Land Corporation is just one of three foundation partners who have come on board to support the Greater Springfield Daily Record. Aveo and the University of Southern Queensland have also backed the website.
Photos View Photo Gallery
Queensland Times General Manager Louis Moore said the Greater Springfield region was moving forward at a rapid pace and deserved its own dedicated news website.
"It's an exciting day for me and my colleagues in the media industry, because it is not every day you launch a new news website," they said.
"The development of the community in Greater Springfield has been a catalyst for the launch of this new website. It's the vision of Maha Sinnathamby and their team to build a master planned city in Ipswich which has meant Springfield is now a magnet for residential and commercial growth in south east Queensland.
"The emphasis on the pillars of health, education, information and technology, built into the master plan, give the community a foundation of growth for the years to come.
"With new projects recently launched by Aveo and the Central Gardens development, this growth is absolutely ensured."
With more people choosing to call the Greater Springfield region home, Mr Moore said the Greater Springfield Daily Record would ensure residents had quick and easy access to local issues in their neighbourhood.
"Today, a vibrant community of over 34,000 exist in Greater Springfield, and through the start up of the Greater Springfield Daily Record, we have as our core objective to help connect those residents through local news, information about what's on and personal stories about what is happening in the community."
Shannon Newley, who was recently appointed as the new editor of the Queensland Times, will also oversee the Greater Springfield Daily Record.
Miss Newley said the launch was an exciting time for the journalism industry, the company, and the residents of Greater Springfield.
"Here we are launching a new, modern news service for the Greater Springfield area allowing people to catch up on community news wherever they are, whenever they want," they said.
"How we access and deliver news might have changed over time but one thing hasn't. People like to talk and read about the people in their communities. They want to know what is happening at schools, what businesses are opening and what their neighbours are up to.
"There is an appetite like never before for local communities who want to know about local news, and we are determined to be the focal point for this community."
A new journalist will also join the team and will be out and about in the community covering all your local news.
"To make sure we hit the mark with local coverage, we'll also have a Greater Springfield Daily Record reporter who will be dedicated to covering news in the area," Miss Newley said.
"They'll be on the ground at events and talking to Springfield people every day.
"We are in the process of finding that person at the moment and no doubt you'll see their name and face a great deal in the coming months."
To read what is happening in the Greater Springfield Region, log onto www.springfielddailyrecord.com.au.
"The only things that interest me in the US are Tupac Shakur, Allen Ginsberg, and Jackson Pollock. I don't need a visa to access their work."
~ Putin advisor after they were placed on US sanctions list.
× Remembering Jude: Family's Event Gives Back to Other Kids
A family in Lackawanna County is keeping a young boy's memory alive.
The family of Jude Zayac founded two area events including one this Friday, March 23, known as “Pink & Blue Day.”
The other is a 5K run/walk event on April 22 called “Jog For Jude.”
Jude's family has turned the loss of their child into events to help other children in our area.
Jude Zayac from Dunmore died at three months old in July of 2014 from Sudden Infant Death Syndrome or S.I.D.S. Doctors describe it as a silent killer that shuts down a baby's respiratory system.
Newswatch 16's Ryan Leckey highlighted the upcoming benefits Tuesday morning from Dunmore.
On Friday, people everywhere are encouraged to wear “pink and blue” to honor Jude. The day also includes an evening event at Backyard Ale House in Scranton. The fundraiser benefits St. Joseph's Center Baby Pantry. Click here for the details on the happy hour event.
If you can't make Friday's event in Scranton, head here to learn more about the baby pantry and its wish list.
To register for Jog For Jude, click here!
VANCOUVER — Torey Hunter has been named the B.C. Lions' director of player personnel and player development.
Hunter had been a regional scout with the Edmonton Eskimos for the past four seasons.
A graduate of Washington State and a draft selection of the Houston Oilers, Hunter played defensive back with both the Eskimos and Montreal Alouettes before moving into the NCAA coaching ranks in 2002.
Serving on coaching staffs at Western Washington, Idaho State, Central Washington, Eastern Washington and Idaho, Hunter made their way back to the CFL in 2014 with Edmonton.
"I am very pleased to be adding Torey to our personnel staff," Lions general manager Ed Hervey said in a statement. "He understands the kind of unique talent we need to be successful in the CFL and I'm confident they will be a tremendous asset to our organization as we begin the process of building our team."
Hervey also said Neil McEvoy will remain in place as the Lions' director of football operations, while Geroy Simon will stay on as director of Canadian scouting, and add the job of CFL draft co-ordinator to their role.
By The Canadian Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Supreme Court is rejecting Arizona's plea to stop issuing driver's licenses to young immigrants known as "Dreamers" who are protected from deportation.
The justices did not comment Monday in leaving in place an appeals' court decision in favor of the immigrants who sought licenses.
About 20,000 young immigrants in Arizona are protected from deportation under a 2012 program started by the Obama administration. The Trump administration is trying to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, but has been blocked by federal courts.
The high court recently turned down an administration request to take on the DACA controversy.
Arizona sought to prevent DACA-protected immigrants from getting licenses. Then-Gov. Jan Brewer cited a desire to reduce the risk of licenses being used to improperly access public benefits.
A martian dust storm that, silencing NASA's Opportunity rover, has now wrapped itself around the entirety of Mars, transforming the appearance of the Red Planet. "Mars has essentially vanished beneath the dust," says longtime Mars photographer Damian Peach of the UK. They created this animation showing how much has changed: [You can see the animation here "The animation shifts back and forth between a reference image of the Tharsis region taken by the Mars Global Surveyor spacecraft and my own image taken on June 28th," they explain. "The volcanic peaks of Tharsis remain clear, and also a dark spot in Valles Marineris, but little else matches known albedo markings, especially the dark/light streaks."In Rome, Italy, amateur astronomer Raffaello Lena has also been monitoring Mars. In this image they compare a picture they took in June 2016 with one taken just yesterday:"Although the same side of Mars was facing us in both images, the planet looks totally different," they say. "Dust is hiding all of the usual surface markings."Mars is shining brightly the constellation Capricornus, easy to see at midnight. The planet's usual sharp burnt-orange color has been replaced by a wan salmon hue characteristic of dust. [ sky map Astronomers have had this month marked on their calendars for years, expecting unusually clear views of the Red Planet. Martian dust may have other ideas. Stay tuned for updates
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a "consensual" relationship
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm.
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer didn't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer didn't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
The Latest: Dad who lunged at Nassar says he's 'no hero'
The Latest: Dad who lunged at Nassar says he's 'no hero'
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actor Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actor Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
Disgraced gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar to hear from more victims who say they molested them when third and final sentencing hear resumes.
Disgraced gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar to hear from more victims who say they molested them when third and final sentencing hear resumes.
North Dakota judge will decide whether woman who admitted killing pregnant neighbor so they and their boyfriend could keep the baby should get a sentence other than life in prison without parole.
North Dakota judge will decide whether woman who admitted killing pregnant neighbor so they and their boyfriend could keep the baby should get a sentence other than life in prison without parole.
Calls for change are growing in state capitols across the country after continued allegations of sexual misconduct by lawmakers.
Calls for change are growing in state capitols across the country after continued allegations of sexual misconduct by lawmakers.
(Cass County Sheriff's Office via AP, File). FILE - This file photo provided by the Cass County Sheriff's Office in Fargo, N.D., shows Brooke Crews, who pleaded guilty Dec. 11, 2017, to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder and lying to law office...
(Michael Vosburg/The Forum via AP, Pool). FILE - In this Dec. 11, 2017, file photo, Brooke Crews, who is accused of killing a pregnant neighbor so they and their boyfriend could keep the baby, appears in state district court in Fargo, N.D., on with attorn...
By DAVE KOLPACK
Associated Press
FARGO, N.D. (AP) - A North Dakota woman who earlier admitted killing a pregnant neighbor to get their baby did it by cutting the baby from the mother's womb as they faded in and out of consciousness, prosecutors said Friday.
Brooke Crews, 38, was sentenced to life in prison without parole in a hearing that for the first time detailed the August death of Savanna Greywind, 22, of Fargo.
Ashton Matheny, the baby's father, said learning how their baby was born and their girlfriend died "tore me apart." Greywind's mother, Norberta Lafontaine-Greywind, fought back tears, but said they were satisfied with the sentence - the toughest Crews could have received.
Prosecutors said the two women argued, and Greywind was pushed and briefly knocked out before Crews began cutting them Greywind eventually bled to death, they said.
East Central District Judge Frank Racek cited the predatory and cruel nature of the crime in handing down the maximum sentence.
Crews, wearing orange prison clothing and cuffed at the wrists, cried as they read a statement of apology. They said they wished they could take the family's pain.
"There is no excuse. There is no rationalization. There is nothing," they said. Later, they showed no emotion as the judge passed sentence.
Crews' boyfriend, William Hoehn, faces a May trial in the case. They have pleaded not guilty. Prosecutors had cited their pending trial in withholding public details of Greywind's death earlier.
Prosecutors asked for a sentence of life in prison with no parole. Defense attorney Steven Mottinger had asked for less, pointing out Crews admitted guilt without any promise of leniency.
"Acceptance of responsibility is important," Mottinger said in court. "It has to mean something."
Greywind was eight months pregnant when they disappeared in August, sparking extensive searches. Kayakers found their body wrapped in plastic in a river. The baby was found alive in the apartment Crews shared with Hoehn.
Norberta LaFontaine-Greywind, one of four family members to give statements during sentencing, said that what Crews did was "beyond evil," and said they were suffering horrific nightmares. Them husband, Joe Greywind, said the family is trying to heal, "but we find it nearly impossible."
Fargo Police Chief Dave Todd earlier called Greywind's death a "cruel and vicious act of depravity."
Crews initially claimed that Greywind gave up their newborn daughter, but they later admitted taking advantage of the woman to get the child, according to court documents.
Hoehn told police they came home on Aug. 19 to find Crews cleaning up blood in their bathroom. Hoehn said Crews presented them with an infant girl and said: "This is our baby. This is our family." Hoehn told police they took garbage bags containing bloody shoes and their bloody towels and disposed them away from the apartment complex.
A bill in Congress aimed at protecting Native American women and girls from violence, abduction and human trafficking is named for Greywind. Savanna's Act, introduced by Democratic Sen. Heidi Heitkamp would improve tribal access to certain federal crime information databases and create standardized protocols for responding to cases of missing and murdered Native Americans.
It also would require an annual report that would include statistics on missing and murdered Native American women.
"You would never wish this suffering on anybody, on anybody's family, on anybody's sister or daughter or mother," said Gloria Allred, attorney for the Greywind family. "But the only good that will come out of it ... is more attention to change on this issue for other Native American women in the future."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
EDMONTON - An LBGT activist says she's relieved and grateful police have charged an Edmonton blogger with a hate crime for allegedly posting online threats against specific people.
Marni Panas complained to police last year after their name turned up on websites investigators say were filled with strong, hate-based rhetoric aimed at politicians and people of different races and sexual orientations.
"To get that call to say that somebody has been charged and they are sitting in a holding cell for this — it was quite emotional," said Panas, who is a transgender woman.
"You don't know who is on the other end of these keyboards. You don't know what they are capable of, and that instills a real fear."
Police say Barry Winters, 67, has been charged with wilful promotion of hatred. They were released from custody on condition they take the blogs off-line.
Sgt. Gary Willits of the Edmonton Police Hate Crimes Unit said the charge is difficult to prove and they couldn't remember the last time anyone had ever even been arrested under that section of Criminal Code in the city.
Willits said police received a number of complaints about posts on the blogs that included language promoting people being killed. The investigation included a review of posts going back to 2014.
Willits said police were concerned the websites were attracting a growing following.
"A lot of people have been hiding under the anonymity that they can make comments and not be held accountable," they said.
"It is one thing to post a comment about something you don't like, but when you are starting to promote hatred and threaten harm upon an individual and create a following, that is when we are going to start getting involved."
The charge comes as new numbers from Statistics Canada show there was a sharp spike in police-reported hate crimes in 2015.
The increase was greatest in Alberta, where police reported 193 hate crimes compared with 139 the year before. Most of the crimes involved hatred against Muslims, Arabs, Asians, blacks and Jews.
Willits said police across Canada are co-operating more to monitor and investigate online threats. The key to successful investigations is for people to come forward and file specific complaints, they said.
Panas said it can be difficult to speak up, because people are afraid they could become even bigger targets if they contact police.
But they said the haters win if people give into fear.
"When you see it, report it," they said. "Staying silent is being complicit."
Kevin Fiala scored on a backhander 16:44 into overtime, and the Nashville Predators rallied from a 2-0 deficit in the third period to push the Blackhawks to the brink of elimination with a 3-2 victory early Tuesday morning in Game 3 of the first-round series.Filip Forsberg scored twice in the third period to force overtime. Pekka Rinne made 34 saves, even with their franchise playoff scoreless streak ending early in the second period at 141 minutes, 5 seconds.Game 4 is Thursday night in Nashville.Dennis Rasmussen and Patrick Kane each scored the first goals this series for the Western Conference's No. 1 seed.But the Blackhawks, winners of three Stanley Cup titles in the past seven years, now trail 0-3 for the first time since the 2011 quarterfinals. They lost that series in seven games to Vancouver.
Mumbai: In a bid to strengthen its presence in India, Lenovo-owned Motorola has partnered with Reliance Digital to showcase its complete product portfolio via "Moto Hubs" at over 150 Reliance and MyJio stores.
The "Moto Hubs" at Reliance Digital and MyJio stores will offer customers easy access to all Motorola products, including online exclusive smartphones.
"With this partnership, we aim to provide customers with easy access to Motorola`s premium products across India," said BV Mallikarjuna Rao, Regional General Manager, Motorola Mobility India.
The first "Moto Hub" under the partnership was inaugurated at R-City at Ghatkopar in Mumbai, in the presence of Shashank Sharma, Executive Director, Motorola Mobility and Lenovo MBG Asia Pacific region; Kaushal Nevrekar, CMO, Reliance Digital and Pradeep Bhosale, Head of Business-Productivity, Reliance Digital, among others.
Motorola plans to open several "Moto Hubs" at Reliance Digital and My Jio stores at key locations in the country.
"Motorola brings in the legacy of unparalleled mobile technology, making this partnership a perfect combination. We share Motorola`s vision of providing premium customer experiences and are excited to start off this relationship," added Nevrekar.
Reliance Digital is the consumer durables and information technology concept from Reliance Retail Ltd. It has more than 2,000 electronics stores across India including MyJio stores.
Motorola India recently announced a partnership with domestic multi-brand retail chain Sangeetha Mobiles to strengthen its retail presence in the country through "Moto Hubs."
Motorola plans to open "Moto Hubs" in over 475 Sangeetha Mobiles stores in seven states, including Andhra Pradesh, Telangana and Karnataka.
Along with Moto X4 and Moto Z2 Force smartphones, "Moto Hubs" provide access and availability to online exclusive devices like Moto e4 plus and Moto g5 plus.
Motorola India is set to launch its new generation of `G` series phones -- Moto G6 and G6 Play -- on June 4.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ben Garratt says Crewe Alex face nine huge matches between now and May 5.
The keeper believes no fixture is less important than any other as the Railwaymen continue to fight for Football League survival.
Starting with tomorrow's visit of fellow strugglers Forest Green Rovers (Tuesday, 7.45pm), the Alex's run-in features six-pointers with the likes of Barnet and Port Vale as well as meetings with top five outfits Luton and Mansfield.
But Garratt, 23, said: “We were disappointed with how we played (against Coventry), especially on the ball.
“The conditions didn't help but that's no excuse, we were disappointed with it because we didn't feel we replicated what we have done in the games previous.
“Every game from now until the end of the season is very big, they are all worth three points.
“This is the most important stage of the season now and we have to make sure we are right for every game we go into.
“We have shown we can respond to setbacks and our performances have been decent enough over the last month or so, although we haven't always got the results we wanted.
“The squad is looking good, healthy and there is more competition now with the players we have brought in and the players coming back from injury.
“That can only be a good thing.”
Homegrown custodian Garratt's 114-match unbroken run of first-team appearances was brought to an end in September when they were dropped to make way for Dave Richards.
They lost their place to the understudy again in January, but has now played 10 on the spin.
Garratt, who has played 194 times for the club since making their debut in the famous ‘all-academy' game against Walsall in 2013, says they take the positive from the experience of being out of the team – and they are not complacent.
They added: “I'd say I have learned from being out of the team.
“It's probably more for other people to say rather than me, but I know what I have to do and I just want to help the team.
“I know I have to perform well or I won't stay in the team.
“I'm no different from anybody else.
“I need to perform to the best of my ability, consistently.”
On Independence Day, the editorial board is reprinting the text of the Declaration of Independence for readers to reflect on.
IN CONGRESS, July 4, 1776.
The unanimous Declaration of the thirteen united States of America,
When in the Course of human events, it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another, and to assume among the powers of the earth, the separate and equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of Nature's God entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions of humankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation.
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.
— That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed,
— That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that humankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security.
— Such has been the patient sufferance of these Colonies; and such is now the necessity which constrains them to alter their former Systems of Government. The history of the present King of Great Britain is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations, all having in direct object the establishment of an absolute Tyranny over these States.
Sign up for The Point Go inside New York politics. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
To prove this, let Facts be submitted to a candid world.
They have refused their Assent to Laws, the most wholesome and necessary for the public good.
They have forbidden their Governors to pass Laws of immediate and pressing importance, unless suspended in their operation till their Assent should be obtained; and when so suspended, they have utterly neglected to attend to them.
They have refused to pass other Laws for the accommodation of large districts of people, unless those people would relinquish the right of Representation in the Legislature, a right inestimable to them and formidable to tyrants only.
They have called together legislative bodies at places unusual, uncomfortable, and distant from the depository of their public Records, for the sole purpose of fatiguing them into compliance with their measures.
They have dissolved Representative Houses repeatedly, for opposing with manly firmness their invasions on the rights of the people.
They have refused for a long time, after such dissolutions, to cause others to be elected; whereby the Legislative powers, incapable of Annihilation, have returned to the People at large for their exercise; the State remaining in the meantime exposed to all the dangers of invasion from without, and convulsions within.
They have endeavoured to prevent the population of these States; for that purpose obstructing the Laws for Naturalization of Foreigners; refusing to pass others to encourage their migrations hither, and raising the conditions of new Appropriations of Lands.
They have obstructed the Administration of Justice, by refusing their Assent to Laws for establishing Judiciary powers.
They have made Judges dependent on their Will alone, for the tenure of their offices, and the amount and payment of their salaries.
They have erected a multitude of New Offices, and sent hither swarms of Officers to harrass our people, and eat out their substance.
They have kept among us, in times of peace, Standing Armies without the Consent of our legislatures.
They have affected to render the Military independent of and superior to the Civil power.
They have combined with others to subject us to a jurisdiction foreign to our constitution, and unacknowledged by our laws; giving their Assent to their Acts of pretended Legislation:
For Quartering large bodies of armed troops among us:
For protecting them, by a mock Trial, from punishment for any Murders which they should commit on the Inhabitants of these States:
For cutting off our Trade with all parts of the world:
For imposing Taxes on us without our Consent:
For depriving us in many cases, of the benefits of Trial by Jury:
For transporting us beyond Seas to be tried for pretended offences
For abolishing the free System of English Laws in a neighbouring Province, establishing therein an Arbitrary government, and enlarging its Boundaries so as to render it at once an example and fit instrument for introducing the same absolute rule into these Colonies:
For taking away our Charters, abolishing our most valuable Laws, and altering fundamentally the Forms of our Governments:
For suspending our own Legislatures, and declaring themselves invested with power to legislate for us in all cases whatsoever.
They have abdicated Government here, by declaring us out of their Protection and waging War against us.
They have plundered our seas, ravaged our Coasts, burnt our towns, and destroyed the lives of our people.
 They are at this time transporting large Armies of foreign Mercenaries to compleat the works of death, desolation and tyranny, already begun with circumstances of Cruelty & perfidy scarcely paralleled in the most barbarous ages, and totally unworthy the Head of a civilized nation.
They have constrained our fellow Citizens taken Captive on the high Seas to bear Arms against their Country, to become the executioners of their friends and Brethren, or to fall themselves by their Hands.
They have excited domestic insurrections amongst us, and has endeavoured to bring on the inhabitants of our frontiers, the merciless Indian Savages, whose known rule of warfare, is an undistinguished destruction of all ages, sexes and conditions.
In every stage of these Oppressions We have Petitioned for Redress in the most humble terms: Our repeated Petitions have been answered only by repeated injury. A Prince whose character is thus marked by every act which may define a Tyrant, is unfit to be the ruler of a free people.
Nor have We been wanting in attentions to our Brittish brethren. We have warned them from time to time of attempts by their legislature to extend an unwarrantable jurisdiction over us. We have reminded them of the circumstances of our emigration and settlement here. We have appealed to their native justice and magnanimity, and we have conjured them by the ties of our common kindred to disavow these usurpations, which, would inevitably interrupt our connections and correspondence. They too have been deaf to the voice of justice and of consanguinity. We must, therefore, acquiesce in the necessity, which denounces our Separation, and hold them, as we hold the rest of humankind, Enemies in War, in Peace Friends.
We, therefore, the Representatives of the united States of America, in General Congress, Assembled, appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world for the rectitude of our intentions, do, in the Name, and by Authority of the good People of these Colonies, solemnly publish and declare, That these United Colonies are, and of Right ought to be Free and Independent States; that they are Absolved from all Allegiance to the British Crown, and that all political connection between them and the State of Great Britain, is and ought to be totally dissolved; and that as Free and Independent States, they have full Power to levy War, conclude Peace, contract Alliances, establish Commerce, and to do all other Acts and Things which Independent States may of right do. And for the support of this Declaration, with a firm reliance on the protection of divine Providence, we mutually pledge to each other our Lives, our Fortunes and our sacred Honor.
Airbnb Inc. posted sharply higher guest arrivals and host revenue on Long Island in the first quarter of 2017, continuing momentum from the prior year.
The gains come as the hotel industry seeks to blunt gains by Airbnb and other home-sharing services, and both sides engage in a lobbying and public relations battle.
San Francisco-based Airbnb reported a 55 percent increase in Long Island guest arrivals to 6,500 compared to the 2016 quarter. The payout to Long Island hosts totaled $1.2 million, a 41 percent year-over-year increase for the period ended March 31.
The first quarter is traditionally a slow season for home sharing on Long Island, accounting for the quarter's relatively low numbers compared to the guests (74,000) and host revenue ($25 million) for the full year 2016. Those 2016 numbers represented increases of 57.4 percent and 60.3 percent over the prior year. Long Island's peak season comes in the third quarter, according to Airbnb researchers, accounting for more than half of host revenue for the year.
The first quarter upswing in Long Island business outstripped Airbnb's gains statewide, according to the company. In New York, first quarter guest arrivals totaled 390,000, an increase of 26 percent, while the payout to hosts rose 10 percent to $78.9 million.
Hotel groups expressed consternation when asked to comment on Airbnb's local results. “Though we welcome the practice of true home sharing, where the owner is present during the guest's stay, we've found that accounts for less than 20 percent of Airbnb's business,” said Rosanna Maietta, a spokesperson for the American Hotel & Lodging Association, based in Washington. “And we call on Airbnb and short-term rental companies to stop being disingenuous to state and local authorities about their operations' facilitation of illegal hotels,” they said in the statement.
Airbnb, meanwhile, issued a statement charging the AH&LA of planning “to spread misinformation about our host community in an effort to stop people from sharing their home.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
An internal AH&LA memo posted online Sunday by The New York Times called for a “national narrative that commercial operators are driving” revenue for companies like Airbnb, “testimonials of consumer harm” resulting from short-term rentals, and efforts to push local, state and federal legislation aimed at regulating the home-sharing market.
Ken Walles, president of the Long Island Hospitality and Leisure Association, which represents the region's lodging industry, agreed that the emergence of home-sharing is hurting the hotel and motel business.
“How do we compete?” they said.
At the same time, they said, political support is building for an increase in the 3 percent hotel and motel occupancy tax in Nassau and Suffolk counties.
“The counties are holding a gun to our heads,” they said.
One Angeleno gets high marks for enthusiasm and dedication for scaling the Hollywood sign early Sunday and creatively modifying it to read "HOLLYWeeD," presumably to commemorate the legalization of recreational marijuana in a successful November ballot initiative. The new law doesn't take effect until 2018. The black-clad individual, caught on camera scaling the fence around the sign in Griffith Park and fastening giant tarps on the Os, gets a low grade for legality, however — they or they could face a misdemeanor trespassing charge if caught — and maybe a B- for originality: On Jan. 1, 1976, The Associated Press notes, Los Angeles woke up to a "HOLLYWEED" sign, thanks to an inspired college student and some black curtains.
Still, the prank tickled locals and visitors awake early enough to see the sign before the tarps were removed. "It's kind of cool being here at the moment," Bruce Quinn told KABC-TV. "I thought we came to see the Hollywood sign, not the' Hollyweed' sign. But hey, it's okay with me!" Peter Weber
Caring council colleagues have been praised for supporting East Dunbartonshire Foodbank's Christmas Appeal.
Provost Una Walker encouraged local authority employees - and members of the wider community - to back the Yuletide campaign.
Hundreds of items were donated at collection points in council offices at the Marina, Southbank House and Broomhill.
Provost Walker said: “I want to say a huge thank-you to everyone who supported East Dunbartonshire Foodbank's Christmas Appeal.
“Rest assured, you have helped to make Christmas a little more merry for people struggling to make ends meet.
“Hundreds of items were handed in by council colleagues - from selection boxes and luxury biscuits to toiletries and tinned goods.
“It will all be used by East Dunbartonshire Foodbank to continue its inspirational work in local communities.”
The foodbank operates using a voucher referral system, issued by local agencies, in Kirkintilloch, Lennoxtown, Milngavie and Auchinairn.
For more information visit https://eastdunbartonshire.foodbank.org.uk/ or call 07425 134131.
Joe Aguilera never got a chance to compete at sectionals last year. In fact, they never had a chance to compete in any meet last year as they were busy recovering from surgery.
They definitely made up for lost time in last Thursday's WIAA D-3 Boyceville sectional as they qualified for the WIAA state meet in La Crosse this Friday in three individual sprinting events.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
(ABC News)– Russia has secretly deployed a new cruise missile inside Russia, a move a U.S. official labels an apparent violation of the Intermediate Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty signed in 1987.
The move is one of several incidents involving the Russian military and the United States that came to light on Tuesday. The Pentagon says Russian aircraft flew low and fast above an American destroyer in the Black Sea last week in an “unsafe and unprofessional” manner and a Russian intelligence vessel has been detected heading north along the eastern coast of the United States.
Known by American officials as the SSC-8, the cruise missile has been in development for years and was most recently tested in 2014.
The Obama administration had hoped that Russia would not place the missile in operational status, a move that would violate the INF treaty that bans American and Russian intermediate-range missiles based on land.
But according to a U.S. official, Russia now has two battalions of the cruise missile, one located at a test location at Kapustin Yar, a Russian rocket launch and development site near Volgograd. The other was moved in December to another military location inside Russia.
Related: Senate Dems to meet on Flynn, Trump Russia ties
“The Russian Federation remains in violation of its INF Treaty obligations,” said Lt. Col. Michelle Baldanza, a Pentagon spokesperson in a statement.
“As detailed most recently in the 2016 Compliance Report, the Russian Federation remains in violation of its INF Treaty obligations not to possess, produce, or flight-test a ground-launched cruise missile with a range capability of 500 to 5,500 kilometers, or to possess or produce launchers of such missiles,” said Mark Toner, the State Department spokesperson in a statement.
“We have made very clear our concerns about Russia's violation, the risks it poses to European and Asian security, and our strong interest in Russia returning to compliance with the Treaty,” said Toner. “The Administration is undertaking an extensive review of Russia's ongoing INF Treaty violation in order to assess the potential security implications for the United States and its allies and partners.”
The missile's deployment and operational status was first reported by The New York Times.
Meanwhile, it appears Russia has resumed unusually close interactions with American military vessels in international waters that the Pentagon has previously labeled “unsafe and unprofessional.”
On Feb. 10, the Navy destroyer USS Porter noted three “unsafe and unprofessional” encounters with Russian military aircraft while in the Black Sea. In each of the incidents Russian aircraft approached the destroyer at an unspecified “low altitude” and some were at “high speed”.
The Russian aircraft did not have their transponders on and did not respond when the destroyer's crew hailed the planes on radio.
“Such incidents are concerning because they can result in accident or miscalculation,” said Lt. Colonel Michelle Baldanza, a Pentagon spokesperson.
Russia's Defense Ministry denied any incidents occurred on Feb. 10 between Russian aircraft and the USS Porter. “All flights of our aircraft are done and have been done in neutral waters of the Black Sea in accordance with the international rights and security demands” said Igor Konashenkov, a Defense ministry spokesperson.
Last April Russian fighters repeatedly buzzed an American destroyer in the Baltic Sea, with one pass coming as close as 30 feet to the USS Donald Cook. That incident was one of several close encounters between the U.S. and Russian militaries in 2016, but officials have said recently that such encounters had become infrequent.
Related: Russian spy ship seen patrolling off Connecticut coast
At the time of the incident Baldanza said the destroyer was “conducting routine maritime operations in international waters in the Black Sea following the conclusion of Exercise Sea Shield.”
According to Baldanza the first encounter involved a Russian Ilyushin 38, a maritime patrol and anti-submarine aircraft. The plane “flew in an unsafe and unprofessional manner due to the unusually low altitude” above the USS Porter.
The second incident involved two SU-24 fighters and the third a different Su-24. A U.S. official said that on one pass one of the fighters flew 300 feet above the USS Porter.
Meanwhile American officials are not expressing concern about the presence of a Russian intelligence gathering ship headed northward along the East Coast. The White House deferred comment to the Defense Department on this issue.
According to a U.S. official, the Russian intelligence vessel Viktor Leonov was located 70 miles off the coast of Delaware yesterday in international waters heading in a northerly direction. American territorial waters extend 12 miles out to sea.
The official said the speculation is that the Russian ship is headed near the U.S. Navy's submarine base at New London, Connecticut.
Russian military monitoring of U.S. sub bases used to happen frequently during the Cold War, but became infrequent after the fall of the Soviet Union.
In 2015, another Russian spy ship made its way south along the East Coast past the sub base at Kings Bay, Georgia, but was apparently mapping underwater communications cables off the Florida coast.
If the Leonov follows previous deployment patterns it will eventually head too south to Cuba.
The official says there is not much concern about the Leonov's movements or its intelligence gathering capabilities.
The Russian ship was in the mid-Atlantic a month ago and made a port of call in Kingston, Jamaica in early February.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
You had to wonder how director Sean Baker would follow up their shot-on-an-iPhone, transgender-prostitute comedy Tangerine if they ever got a hold of enough cash to pay for a star and a Steadicam. Their extraordinary, almost-homeless-family dramedy, The Florida Project, provides the exhilarating answer.
It's set in a pastel Orlando that feels spiritually far removed from all things Disney — call it a "less magical kingdom." This sun-baked, off-ramp wasteland boasts brightly colored motels with knock-off mouse house names like Futureland Inn and Magic Castle. Built decades ago for budget-minded tourists, they're now filled with itinerant families who pay $35 a night to live in purple-stuccoed splendor.
These surroundings may be dreary for the adults who live there, but for 6-year-old Moonee (Brooklynn Prince) and their buddies Scooty (Christopher Rivera) and Jancey (Valeria Cotto), they're just the place to run wild — really, wild — without the benefit of Mickey, Goofy and other theme park mascots. Who needs organized attractions when you have sunshine, pals and all the time in the world?
Moonee is their little gang's irrepressible ringleader — champion windshield spitter, ice cream grifter extraordinaire, leader of expeditions to bring dead fish back to life in the motel pool. She's adorably unstoppable.
Moonie's mom, Halley (Bria Vinaite), seems barely more mature than their daughter. They have green-streaked hair and is unable to hold a job even at the local strip club. She's not really cut out to be a mother, though they make a general stab at being responsible by selling perfume (and sometimes their body) to tourists so they can pay their rent.
Halley means well, even if they can't follow through. That's enough to bring out the parental side of the Magic Castle's curmudgeonly, long-suffering resident manager (Willem Dafoe), who rides herd over unruly tenants — and the occasional wayward egret — with almost alarming finesse.
This is Vinaite's acting debut, and a striking one at that. Director Sean Baker found them on Instagram — they were following their account to show actors the qualities they wanted in the character. When they couldn't find those qualities with established actors, they asked if Vinaite wanted to audition. They turned out to be a fascinating find — a fine complement to Prince's tiny dynamo, who has the whole film riding on their tiny shoulders for quite a while.
The Florida Project takes its title from the Disney organization's in-house name for Disney World when it was still just a stack of blueprints on Uncle Walt's desk in California. But there's an unspoken irony in calling the film The Florida Project, since the motels Moonie plays in have themselves devolved into housing projects.
That makes them fertile ground for Baker, whose reputation-making Tangerine took place in an equally down-at-heels neighborhood in Los Angeles two years ago. Happily, the director's aesthetic hasn't been wrecked by theirs now having the money to pay for 35 mm cameras. Everything that was wonderful last time is even better here, from first-time performers who light up the screen to dialogue that is profane and very funny for a while, then turns resonant and wrenching.
Baker has imbued this whole terrific movie with a child's sense of discovery — the sort that can turn a decrepit, pastel corner of Orlando into a vibrant cinematic playground.
Last weekend's massacre in Las Vegas is only the latest reminder of the persistent gun violence in the United States. And a new set of statistics on the rates of gun violence not related to conflict underscores just how outsize U.S. rates of gun deaths are compared to those in much of the rest of the world.
Take countries with the top indicators of socioeconomic success — income per person and average education level, for instance. The United States ranks ninth in the world among them, bested only by the likes of Denmark, Norway, the Netherlands, Iceland, Canada and Finland.
Yet while those countries all also enjoy low rates of gun violence, the U.S. has the 31st highest rate in the world: 3.85 deaths due to gun violence per 100,000 people in 2016. That was eight times higher than the rate in Canada, which had .48 deaths per 100,000 people — and 27 times higher than the one in Denmark, which had .14 deaths per 100,000.
The numbers come from a massive database maintained by the University of Washington's Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation (IHME) that tracks lives lost in every country, in every year, by every possible cause of death. The figures for 2016 were released just last month. As in previous years the data paints a fairly rosy picture for much of the world, with deaths due to gun violence rare even in many countries that are extremely poor — such as Bangladesh and Laos, which saw .16 deaths and .13 deaths respectively per 100,000 people.
Prosperous Asian countries such as Singapore and Japan boast the absolute lowest rates, though the United Kingdom and Germany are in almost as good shape.
"It is a little surprising that a country like ours should have this level of gun violence," says Ali Mokdad, a professor of global health and epidemiology at the IHME. "If you compare us to other well-off countries we really stand out."
To be sure, there are quite a few countries where gun violence is a substantially larger problem than in the United States — particularly in Central America and the Caribbean. Mokdad says a major driver is the large presence of gangs and drug trafficking. "The gangs and drug traffickers fight amongst themselves to get more territory, and they fight the police," says Mokdad. And citizens who are not involved are often caught in the crossfire.
Mokdad said drug trafficking may also be a driving factor in two Asian countries that have unusually large rates of violent gun deaths for their region: the Philippines and Thailand.
With the casualties due to armed conflicts factored out, even in conflict-ridden regions such as the Middle East, the United States rate is worse than all but one country: Iraq.
The U.S. gun violence death rate is also higher than nearly all countries in Sub-Saharan Africa, including many that are among the world's poorest.
One more way to consider this data: The IHME also estimates what it would expect a country's rate of gun violence deaths to be based solely on its socioeconomic status. By that measure, the U.S. should only be seeing .79 deaths per 100,00 people — almost five times less than its actual rate of 3.85 deaths per 100,000.
By: Will Burchfield
@burchie_kid
Even after another frustrating loss, this one 2-1 in overtime to the Panthers, Jimmy Howard couldn't fight back a smile when asked about Luke Witkowksi.
“He's a gritty player, he's a tough guy and it's great to have them back in the lineup,” Howard said.
Making their return from a 10-game suspension on Monday night, Witkowski dropped the gloves twice with Michael Haley, the league leader in fighting majors. Witkowski even wanted to go a third time, but Haley declined due to an injured hand. (You don't say.)
The bushy-bearded Witkowski prefers hunting deer to throwing fists — their camouflage Red Wings' hat is a staple — but they understand their role on the ice. And they know what a good scrap can do for their teammates.
“Personally, whether I was playing in the minors or in the NHL, if we had a guy that's fighting it fires you up, fires the crowd up and gets the blood boiling,” said Witkowski. “I guess that's part of my job description, so just try to help out.”
Witkowski is as unassuming a fighter as there ever was. They speak softly. They neither issues threats nor pounds their chest. Their eyes darn near twinkle. On the ice, they simply try to play hard. If that results in someone wanting to drop the gloves, so be it.
They figured Haley would challenge them at some point on Monday night.
“It's in the back of your head. You don't want to go in expecting it, but in my style of play I'm going to finish my checks and those guys are going to come after you, so you obviously know it's going to happen,” Witkowski said.
That was exactly the case toward the end of the first period, as Witkwoski bodied Haley along the boards in the Red Wings' zone shortly after Haley had moved the puck. That was all the prodding Haley needed.
“He just kind of came after me,” Witkowski said. “I think they probably figured I was going to come after them at some point. No bad blood, they know their job and I guess I know mine.”
Haley, who entered the game with nine fighting majors, got the better of Witkowski at first, but Witkowski landed a couple of blows toward the end.
They squared off again in the second period, this time after Witkowski buried Panthers assistant captain Aaron Eklbad at the Red Wings' blue line and Haley took exception by slashing them in the back of the leg.
Witkowski finished the night with just 4:28 of ice time — “I was in the penalty box most of the game,” they said with a bashful grin — but the Wings felt their presence when they were out there.
“Luke gives us energy,” said head coach Jeff Blashill. “I think our guys like having them in the lineup. I think they feel like there's some protection out there, and we haven't had that here much in a long time. I think it's an important element to have and I think he's somebody that picks our team up in those situations.”
The Red Wings' other Luke followed suit. Not known for their fighting chops, Luke Glendening dropped the gloves with Ekblad late in the second period, never mind Ekblad's five-inch height advantage. Glendening swung like a madman, landed a flurry of hard rights, drove Ekblad to the ice and then skated to the penalty box smiling and bleeding from their nose.
“I just didn't want to get killed, trying to protect myself out there,” said Glendening. “That guy's a lot bigger than me, so I was just trying to make sure I didn't get hit too many times.”
In similar fashion to Howard, Witkowski couldn't resist smiling when asked about the first regular season fight of Glendening's career.
“I was pumped up,” said Witkwoski. “I've never seen them fight before, and that was a really good fight. I don't know if I'd fight him.”
Luke Witkowski acted like a proud papa when Luke Glendening arrived in the box after their fight. Darren Helm diggin' it, too. pic.twitter.com/K3qstibEe7 — Brad Galli (@BradGalli) December 12, 2017
The pluck of Witkowski and Glendening was ultimately wasted as the Red Wings' skill players, yet again, squandered too many chances and the Panthers stole the game in overtime. It's becoming a theme for this team to play well enough to win only to end up with a loss.
“I'm still wondering how we lost that game,” said Witkowki. “I don't know how many grade-A scoring chances we had. (James) Reimer did a really good job tonight, I think they won them the game. It's frustrating.”
Still, it couldn't subdue a few smiles in the dressing room afterward. In an era of speed, skill and fancy stats galore, it's impossible not to appreciate some old-time hockey.
Federal Insights: Learn the latest best practices and technologies to protect your organization from email-derived fraud.
(Deletes erroneous 6th paragraph reference to birthday party)
By Mayu Yoshida
TOKYO, April 11 By day, Sumiko Iwamuro runs a Chinese restaurant, where they have worked for six decades making "gyoza" dumplings, while by night, they spin records at Tokyo clubs under the moniker DJ Sumirock.
But the juggling of long days and frenzied nights is not the most inspiring thing about Iwamuro.
 They are also 82 years old.
Japan is known for its ageing demographic, with people aged 65 and above making up 26.6 percent of the population in 2015.
A prime example of an active senior, Iwamuro plays to crowds mostly 60 years younger than they are at the DecaBarZ nightclub in the heart of Tokyo's Shinjuku district.
Taking up the turntables in their 70s, Iwamuro then spent a year learning the tricks of the trade at a school for disc jockeys.
Once on the dance floor, they stole the hearts of club-goers.
"She's got this energy that goes beyond age, and that can equal any young person's here," said 25-year-old clubber Fuminari Fujii.
Iwamuro says their sound is fundamentally techno music with jazz, French chanson and classical music mixed in.
Ever curious and never one to give up their dreams, they hope one day to debut on the New York club scene.
"When I spin the tables, I just want to match the beat, choose the right music", they said, when asked what kept them practising their tunes and returning to spin records.
"But the best thing is for my audience to enjoy themselves." (Reporting by Mayu Yoshida; Writing by Karishma Singh)
The WASM Wombats are eyeing success on two fronts in the International Collegiate Mining Games in Britain this month, fielding an all-women's side for the first time in three years.
Five women will compete for the Wombats at the 40th anniversary of the competition — founded in 1978 to commemorate the deaths of 91 miners in a fire at the Sunshine mine in Idaho in 1972 — at the Camborne School of Mines.
Competitors from mining schools from around the world will compete in a range of traditional mining challenges, including rock drilling, track laying and mucking, from March 28-31.
WASM student Victoria Arrowsmith, who will captain the side in their first mining games, was elated the WA School of Mines' Kalgoorlie campus had been able to field a team in the female competition for the first time since it hosted it in 2015.
“There are not a lot of women studying in Kalgoorlie, so there was a lot of us trying to cajole people that we knew were interested and were kind of thinking about it into coming down and giving it a go,” they said.
Wombats team members Jenny Do and Victoria Arrowsmith are off to the UK this Friday for the International Collegiate Mining Games. Picture: Kelsey Reid / Kalgoorlie Miner
“It was really great in the end that we managed to pull a team together.
“Going through uni having so many guys around you, it's nice to have an activity where it's mostly women doing something for a change.”
WASM Kalgoorlie's seven-strong men's team is also aiming to return to the winners' pod-ium.
The Wombats claimed back-to- back titles in 2015 and 2016 before dropping to eighth last year in Kentucky.
The trip will also include site visits to LKAB's Kurina iron ore mine and the Aitik Boliden copper mine, both in Sweden.
Fifty years after the deadliest tornado outbreak in the Chicago area, memories from that day still haunt survivors.Dozens of people were killed on April 21, 1967. ABC 7 Meteorologist Phil Schwarz looks back at this moment in Chicago history.Deadly tornadoes are not unknown to the Chicago area - Naplate, Fairdale, Utica and Plainfield all saw violent twisters in the last 30 years. But none of them compare to what happened in 1967.Dottie Arnold was just in the second grade when the tornado struck, but has vivid memories of that day. They and their family rode out the storms safe in their basement, but were amazed by what they saw when they emerged."We went upstairs to see the devastation, it was quite breathtaking because the school that we attended was completely destroyed except for about one quarter of it," they said.At least 10 tornadoes were reported that day, and three of them reached over F-4 levels with winds over 165 mph.Oak Lawn, Lake Zurich and Belvidere all took direct hits in the afternoon hours as the commute was in full swing. Though the tornado was on the ground for 16 miles, some of the worst devastation occurred at the intersection of 95th and Southwest Highway. Of the 33 fatalities, 18 of them happened at that intersection.Mary Lou Harker lives near that intersection."And all of a sudden she's screaming, like never before had I heard them scream like that. And she's going, 'Mommy! Mommy!' and they said they saw a desk flying in the air," they said.Harker went down to the school where they found a badly injured boy who they rushed to the hospital and helped survive.The Oak Lawn Library has put together a special display on the disaster, a very emotional task for historian Kevin Korst."He told the story of being in the doorway and seeing the tornado coming, and that's one of the stories that sticks out because they described what the tornado looked like. Then they went back into the restaurant, told people to get down, and was pinned under a walk-in freezer for about an hour," Korst said.That man was among around 1,000 people injured that day. Fifty-eight people died in what remains the deadliest tornado outbreak in the history of the Chicago area.Many of those who lived through the outbreak described the sky as turning green. While it is a common phenomenon when strong tornadoes hit, the exact reason behind it remains unknown.
They might not like OMB's approach, but a third of feds support gov't restructuring Top Story
now that the wider Middle East is at odds with the US in the most united sense since 1973
Lebanon urges Arab states to sanction USA: The Petroyuan beckons Lebanon's call to sanction the US may not be heeded all at once, but moving to the Petroyuan could be today's version of the 1973 oil embargo.At an emergency meeting of the Arab League in Cairo, Lebanon's Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil has proposed passing sanctions on the United States in retaliation for Donald Trump's unilateral decision to recognise Jerusalem/Al-Quds as the Israeli capital.The move has been condemned by an overwhelming majority of states and religious institutions throughout the world. The UN has also condemned the decision. During the meeting, Bassil who is from the Maronite Christian Free Patriotic Movement, stated,"Pre-emptive measures (must be) taken against the decision, beginning with diplomatic measures, then political, then economic and (then) financial sanctions".Such a move is not without precedent. In 1973, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries decided to increase the price of oil by 70%, while cutting production levels.The oil embargo specifically targeted countries that supported Tel Aviv during the 1973 Arab-Israeli War.While the United States is increasingly energy self-sufficient,. The oil embargo of the 1970s sent shock-waves through the Dollar based financial systems as well as US stock exchanges.While it is not thought that America's allies in the Persian Gulf would agree to sanctions or a wider energy embargo in 2017, movement among oil producing Middle Eastern nations away from the Petrodollar and towards the Petroyuan , could have a similar effect on US markets and the Dollar itself, even if embarked upon in a situation unrelated to the matter of Jerusalem/Al-Quds.. In today's global economy, swapping the Dollar for the Chinese Yuan as a primary currency in the energy trade, could have far longer lasting effects on the US economy than the 1973 oil embargo.Although the Northern bloc of the Middle East, which Gebran Bassil was essentially speaking on behalf of, would be far more eager to hit the US economically than the Saudi dominated Southern bloc, becauseif it seeks to realise the highly ambitious Vision 2030 project of Crown Prince Muhammad bin Salman, there exists a long-term incentive for Saudi Arabia to consider a break with the Petrodollar in order to attract more investment and more confidence from a Chinese government which already has extremely healthy relations with Riyadh.Thus,, but also countries like Saudi Arabia that require a long term relationship with China in order to diversify its economy.Here we see an area where Saudi Arabia could act in its self-interest while also re-gaining a substantial degree of lost credibility among the wider Arab world over the issue of Palestine. What for a country like Lebanon is about its own security and about Arab dignity,which feels the GCC's close relations with Washington have compromised the Palestinian cause.In this sense, one sees a powerful oil rich state in the Southern bloc of the Middle East, standing to gain from following the geo-political lead of a far less wealthy country in the North.This could in the medium term, represent a wider "win-win" situation for a Middle East that is growing increasingly ill at east with America's hegemonic role in the region.A wider Middle East embrace of the Yuan could breathe new life into a region as a whole by. This would not only see countries like Lebanon and Saudi Arabia gain a uniquely common ground (however limited at first), but it could also only be good for peace in Palestine.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
The pink-ball Test could be back on.
The pink-ball Test could be back on.
CRICEKT Australia's bid to secure an Adelaide day-night Test next summer has gained significant momentum with India understood to be playing a pink-ball fixture against West Indies this year.
The Advertiser on Monday revealed Cricket Australia chief executive James Sutherland would employ concerted efforts behind the scenes lobbying at this week's ICC meeting in Kolkata to convince India to play a day-night Test in Adelaide from December 6 this year.
An unnamed Indian media source last Sunday said the BCCI (Indian Cricket Board) had no interest in pursuing day-night Tests.
However, internal conflict within the BCCI often scrambles decision making and messaging.
BCCI acting secretary Amitabh Chaudhary reportedly confirmed at the ICC meeting that one of two Tests - in Hyderabad or Rajkot - against West Indies this year will be played under day-night conditions.
"I had consulted the Indian team management, the selectors, the office bearers and all were in agreement that one of the two Tests against West Indies will be a day-night Test," Chaudhary said.
India initially resisted the introduction of the Twenty20 format until 2007 when it won the inaugural World T20 in South Africa and stubbornly opposed using the Decision Review System until 2016.
All powerful India embracing pink ball Tests would represent another major turnaround.
India captain Virat Kohli.
An India day-night Test to follow the success of New Zealand, South Africa and England would translate as a significant coup for Sutherland.
A Cricket Australia spokesperson told The Advertiser that "negotiations were ongoing with India" over the prospect of a day night Test in Adelaide.
India is the last major nation to adopt the day-night cricket phenomenon pioneered by South Australian Cricket Association boss Keith Bradshaw.
Visiting the local dentist at Northern Beaches Dental is a big part of staying healthy.
[MACKAY, 03/07/2018] – The care provided by dental professionals at Northern Beaches Dental prevents disease and restores comfort. The patient can receive advice that's based on up-to-date industry knowledge, while cosmetic treatments at Northern Beaches Dental improve the look and feel of teeth that have suffered visual deterioration.
Who goes for dental treatment in Mackay?
Lots of people choose dental treatment in Mackay to ensure they won't develop gum disease. Preventing the spread of decay in their teeth is another major reason people seek dental treatment in Mackay at Northern Beaches Dental.
At Northern Beaches Dental patients have their mouth professionally checked for indications of disease. Dentists are able to spot early signs well before the patient will suspect anything is amiss at home. It is important to have dental treatment in Mackay regularly, so that the dentist at Northern Beaches Dental can perform these crucial checks.
Restorations and repairs at Northern Beaches Dental
Chipped teeth are a common problem. They can be repaired with dental treatment in Mackay using dental veneers. A veneer is a custom-shaped sheath of porcelain securely attached to the surface of the chipped tooth using a powerful bonding agent. Meanwhile decayed teeth can be restored using filling made from materials that match the existing colour of the patient's teeth.
Dental treatment in Mackay at Northern Beaches Dental frequently involves replacing missing teeth. There are many ways to do this. Dentures are customised for the patient with comfort a key consideration, while dental implants provide superior stability as they integrate with the jawbone.
Long-lasting enhancements with dental treatment in Mackay
Poorly positioned teeth can affect dental hygiene and be a cause for cosmetic concern. By straightening their teeth with dental treatment in Mackay, patients can improve their dental function as well as enhance the appearance of their smile. Modern treatments are delivered discreetly, with patient comfort a high priority at Northern Beaches Dental.
Dental treatment in Mackay offers many ways for people to enjoy good oral health. All patients need to do is give Northern Beaches Dental a call to get started on a lifetime of healthy smiles.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Popular show Saturday Night Takeaway has had to be cancelled this weekend as Ant McPartlin is set to return to rehab.
ITV and Ant and Dec's management have taken the decision to axe this weekend's show.
An ITV spokesperson said: “ITV has taken a joint decision with Ant and Dec's team not to broadcast Saturday Night Takeaway this weekend.
(Image: ITV)
“We will be reviewing options for the last two episodes of the series (March 31 and April 7) which would not feature Ant who is taking time off to seek treatment.
“We very much hope that they get the help that they need.”
Ant and Dec were due to take 200 fans on a specially chartered Virgin Atlantic flight to Florida, where the lucky competition winners would spend seven days experiencing the marvels of the theme park resort.
After losing control of their Mini and colliding with three cars in Mortlake, south-west London, Ant was arrested at 4pm on Sunday March 18 - 20 days before the series finale is due to air - and taken into police custody for 10 hours of questioning.
(Image: Nigel Wright/ITV)
They were released in the early hours of Monday morning and was seen arriving back at their west London rental home at 2.40am.
Ant was breathalysed at the scene of the crash and arrested.
A version of this story also appeared on the Liverpool Echo.
(WOMENSENEWS)—”Hey sweetie, how was your day?” they asked.
“It was really good,” I said. “I had a little setback when my friend offered me a cookie.”
“A cookie?” they replied, one eyebrow quizzically raised, their small, thin lips pursed, knowing I was on a diet.
At that moment there was nothing I wanted more than to kick them straight in the nose. Unfortunately, the only reason this was actually an option was that they were kneeling in front of me, washing my genitals.
Even though I'm a teen with a disability my life is like any other teenage girl — I have crushes, want to be liked by my peers and have aspirations in life, like going to college. And like my friends, I have a love-hate relationship with my mother.  They are an amazing woman who does so much for me, but hormones and teenage rebellion can also make me resent them sometimes. When I have these feelings towards them though I can't stomp out of the room yelling, “I HATE YOU,” like other girls do. I always have to swallow my feelings, since I'm never in a situation where I don't need something from them
It's normal for teen girls to act out at home during puberty, said Annie Harris-Meachem, a disability rights advocate and psychologist.
“Puberty is, without doubt, the most emotionally volatile time in the life of a teenage girl,” they said. “A disability, visible or invisible, exacerbates and makes it much more difficult to answer the many questions about becoming a woman and sexuality.”
Harris-Meachem, author of “It's Easier to Dance: Living Beyond Boundaries,” supported my observations that the daughter's urge to rebel and the stresses of high school social dynamics make for a pressure cooker of emotions that swing from sweet to devil in a matter of moments. Add in an incessant splash of teen girl insecurities and you've got chaos at home.
Especially Complicated
Mother-daughter bonds are never simple, but when the daughter is disabled it is especially complicated. My mother assists me when getting dressed, showering, using the restroom and preparing meals.  They are also my driver and main support system. Needing their help for all these things doesn't leave much room for rebellion or teenage angst. How am I supposed to sneak out and party with my friends when I need them to physically get me in my bed?
My need for my mom to constantly be around means I haven't gotten to party with my friends, get drunk on the weekends or even try to understand my sexuality. Though my mom tries to give me the space I need, some things are out of their control. It takes a toll on our relationship. This shows up in passive aggressive comments or moments when I explode, after holding my anger in too long.
I'm not the only one who struggles with these issues. Izzie Penston, 15, said “parents (of able-bodied teens) don't hover around them nearly as much.” Penston, from Alameda, California, has Friedreich's Ataxia, a disability that affects their nervous system.
Penston tries to avoid their parents when they don't feel like they can control their emotions. Them mom, Zoe Penston, acknowledges the situation isn't easy. “We don't really have the ability to give each other the silent treatment or a lot of space,” they said.
My relationship with my mom is hard on them too. They don't get to see friends or go on dates. I asked them about this recently. They were unwilling to admit it but I know it's true: Them life would be a lot easier if I wasn't disabled. I live with this guilt every day.
In two years I will hopefully be heading to a four year college and move away from home. This would be my first real opportunity to get a glimpse of “typical” teenage life. But it also terrifies me. While I want to be ready to spread my wings, without my mom I fear it will feel as though I have lost a limb.
This week I learned you should absolutely beat yourself up a little the next time you fail, and more
Lincoln – After being taken in the 13th round of the MLB Draft on Wednesday afternoon, junior Jake Meyers also earned their second All-America award of the season as they were named a third-team All-American by the National Collegiate Baseball Writers Association. Last week Meyers was also named a third-team All-American by Baseball America. Meyers was the third-team utility pick by both Baseball America and the NCBWA.
Meyers was drafted for the first time in their career on Wednesday when they were the 16th pick of the 13th round by the Houston Astros.
Meyers, an Omaha, Neb., native, helped the Huskers to their first Big Ten regular-season title in 2017 and a trip to the NCAA Tournament for the third time in four years. A versatile player, Meyers started 40 games in centerfield and 14 games on the mound during the 2017 campaign. They batted .297 with one home run, seven doubles, 16 RBIs and a team-leading 52 runs. Meyers also led the team in stolen bases with 20 in 22 attempts.
Meyers went 8-2 on the mound with a 3.42 ERA in team-high 84.1 innings this season. Meyers tied fellow junior Jake Hohensee for the lead in strikeouts with 57, while walking only nine batters. Meyers tossed a complete game shutout on March 12 against Western Carolina and was named Big Ten Pitcher of the Week following the performance.
FCC chair Ajit Pai
The public outrage over the Trump administration's decision this month to roll back rules that put limits on what Internet service providers can do with their customers' data seems to be dying down, but an important question still doesn't have a clear answer: what actually changed?
The rules, which required that ISPs obtain explicit opt-in consent from customers before “using or sharing” information about their browsing, hadn't gone into effect yet, and some ISPs already admit in their privacy policies to using and sharing anonymous, aggregated browsing data. But it's hard to deny that the move reflects a fundamental shift away from the Obama administration's approach to Internet privacy. The future of online privacy is much more complicated than this particular fight, though, and where we are headed is far from determined.
The most tangible change since Congress and President Trump removed the ISP privacy rules is that the future of ISP privacy regulation is more uncertain. Now we're in a sort of “limbo situation,” says Joel Reidenberg, a professor at Fordham University School of Law. The FCC can still technically police privacy violations, but it's not clear which practices are and aren't allowed, and no one is sure how the Trump administration plans to replace the rules.
How did we get here? Under Obama, the FCC changed the way ISPs are regulated, designating broadband Internet a “telecommunications” instead of a “communications” service and opening the door for so-called net neutrality rules.
One consequence of the change was that the FTC, the government's main consumer privacy cop, lost its authority to regulate ISPs. Now that responsibility is the FCC's, and that's why last October it passed the now-ditched privacy rules, which raised the bar for consumer privacy protection in the U.S. by requiring that ISPs get opt-in consent to use and share information about Web browsing.
Opponents to these rules, including new FCC chair Ajit Pai, argued that they would reduce revenue and stifle innovation, and that ISPs should not be regulated differently from Internet companies like Google and Facebook, which are still under the jurisdiction of the more flexible FTC.
Pai and Maureen Ohlhausen, acting chair of the FTC, recently took to the pages of the Washington Post to “set the record straight” about the decision to repeal the privacy rules, which they said amounted to “government picking winners and losers in the marketplace.” The argument advanced by privacy advocates that ISPs have more access to personal data than companies like Google and Facebook is “not true,” they wrote.
It's true that many Internet companies use various methods to extensively track users across the Web, combining that information with the data users give them to create advertising profiles. Comparing the customer data that ISPs can access directly with what companies like Google and Facebook can access is comparing apples and oranges, though, says Nick Feamster, a professor of computer science at Princeton University. Your ISP does have a unique view into what you do on the Internet.
A growing number of websites use encryption, which allows your ISP only to see that you landed on a certain site, not pages you visit once you are there. But ISPs can also see the traffic associated with Internet of things devices, which can be revealing, encrypted or not, notes Feamster. Traffic patterns from devices like connected thermostats, appliances, and other smart home systems can provide insights into what their users do and how they live.
Now that the rules are gone, Pai has multiple options as to how to proceed. Their agency could try to replace the rules, a process that would take months at least. Perhaps what is most likely is that Pai will seek to overturn the FCC's net neutrality rules, and in the process return the job of overseeing ISP privacy to the FTC. If the public's reaction to repealing the privacy rules is any indication, though, that could be politically challenging.
It's also not clear what it would mean if the FTC were to take over again as the federal government's only consumer privacy cop. What constitutes “unfair or deceptive” is a matter of legal interpretation, and at this point Trump's FTC has given us few indications about how it will approach privacy, says Reidenberg.
Chief Master Sgt. Shelina Frey, Air Mobility Command command chief, learns about the 726th AMS recent accomplishments from Lt. Col. Justin Swartzmiller, 726th Air Mobility Squadron commander, at Spangdahlem Air Base, Germany, Feb. 13, 2017. Frey visited with different mobility Airmen and sections during their tour of Spangdahlem AB, and recognize individual Airmen for their dedication to the AMC mission at the 726th AMS. (U.S. Air Force photo by Senior Airman Dawn M. Weber)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.13.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 10:04 Photo ID: 3167198 VIRIN: 170213-F-DY094-011 Resolution: 4288x2854 Size: 1.83 MB Location: SPANGDAHLEM AIR BASE, BW, DE Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, AMC Command Chief visits Spangdahlem mobility Airmen [Image 1 of 4], by SrA Dawn Weber, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Mumbai: Monalisa aka Jhuma Boudi of Dupur Thakurpo season 2 has indeed become people's favourite on the internet. The pretty actor shared the latest promo for the Bengali web-series on Instagram and it shows them dancing with a man probably playing their husband on screen.
Mona's chemistry with the man is intentionally funny.
Check out the duo's naughty yet funny dance here:
Disclaimer: Viewer discretion is advised.
A post shared by MONALISA (@aslimonalisa) on May 30, 2018 at 12:50am PDT
They became a household name after they appeared in the tenth season of Bigg Boss hosted by Bollywood superstar Salman Khan. They married their Bhojpuri co-star Vikrant Singh Rajpoot while they were inside the house of Bigg Boss. Them wedding ceremony was aired on national television.
Monalisa aka Antara Biswas is a very popular name in the Bhojpuri film industry.  They are one of the highest paid actores. They made their debut in a film titled Bhole Shankar in 2008 and has worked in a number of films since then.
They have quite a few Bhojpuri films in their kitty including Itihaas with their real-life husband Vikrant Singh Rajpoot, Jawani Zindabad with Gaurav Jha, Rani Dildar Jani with Shyam Dehati, Milan Sanyog with Vikrant and Son Of Bihar with Rakesh Mishra, reports suggest.
You give Frost a message from me. You tell them it's open season on all suckheads.
Amazon lost control of a small number of its cloud services IP addresses for two hours on Tuesday morning when hackers exploited a known Internet-protocol weakness that let them redirect traffic to rogue destinations. By subverting Amazon's domain-resolution service, the attackers masqueraded as cryptocurrency website MyEtherWallet.com and stole about $150,000 in digital coins from unwitting end users. They may have targeted other Amazon customers as well.
The incident, which started around 6 AM California time, hijacked roughly 1,300 IP addresses, Oracle-owned Internet Intelligence said on Twitter. The malicious redirection was caused by fraudulent routes that were announced by Columbus, Ohio-based eNet, a large Internet service provider that is referred to as autonomous system 10297. Once in place, the eNet announcement caused Hurricane Electric and possibly other peers of eNet to send traffic over the same unauthorized routes. Amazon and eNet officials didn't immediately respond to a request to comment.
Further Reading Repeated attacks hijack huge chunks of Internet traffic, researchers warn The highly suspicious event is the latest to involve Border Gateway Protocol, the technical specification that network operators use to exchange large chunks of Internet traffic. Despite its crucial function in directing wholesale amounts of data, BGP still largely relies on the Internet-equivalent of word of mouth from participants who are presumed to be trustworthy. Organizations such as Amazon whose traffic is hijacked currently have no effective technical means to prevent such attacks.
In 2013, malicious hackers repeatedly hijacked massive chucks of Internet traffic in what was likely a test run. On two occasions last year, traffic to and from major US companies was suspiciously and intentionally routed through Russian service providers. Traffic for Visa, MasterCard, and Symantec—among others—was rerouted in the first incident in April, while Google, Facebook, Apple, and Microsoft traffic was affected in a separate BGP event about eight months later.
Tuesday's event may also have ties to Russia, because MyEtherWallet traffic was redirected to a server in that country, security researcher Kevin Beaumont said in a blog post. The redirection came by rerouting traffic intended for Amazon's domain-name system resolvers to a server hosted in Chicago by Equinix that performed a man-in-the-middle attack. MyEtherWallet officials said the hijacking was used to send end users to a phishing site. Participants in this cryptocurrency forum appear to discuss the scam site.
In a statement, Equinix officials wrote: "The server used in this incident was not an Equinix server but rather customer equipment deployed at one of our Chicago IBX data centers. Equinix is in the primary business of providing space, power and a secure interconnected environment for our more than 9,800 customers inside 200 data centers around the world. We generally do not have visibility or control over what our customers – or customers of our customers – do with their equipment."
The attackers managed to steal about $150,000 of currency from MyEtherWallet users, most likely because the phishing site used a fake HTTPS certificate that would have required end users to click through a browser warning. Still, Beaumont reported, the attacker wallet already contained about $17 million in digital coins, an indication the people responsible for the attack had significant resources prior to carrying out Tuesday's hack.
The small return, when compared to the resources and difficulty of carrying out the attack, is leading to speculation that MyEtherWallet wasn't the only target.
"Mounting an attack of this scale requires access to BGP routers are major ISPs and real computing resource [sic] to deal with so much DNS traffic," Beaumont wrote. "It seems unlikely MyEtherWallet.com was the only target, when they had such levels of access."
Another theory is that Tuesday's hijacking was yet another test run. Whatever the cause, it's a significant development because anyone who can hijack Amazon cloud traffic has the ability to carry out all kinds of nefarious actions.
Post updated to add comment from Equinix.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Ludhiana: Minerva Punjab FC beat a spirited Chennai City FC 2-1 in an I-League encounter at the Guru Nanak Stadium here on Monday to climb to the top of the points table.
French striker Jean-Michel Joachim put Chennai ahead in the fifth minute but the hosts struck back through William Asiedu (49th) and Kassim Aidara (59th) in the second half to pocket all three points.
The result saw Minerva climb to the top of the table with 10 points from four matches. They displaced Kolkata giants Mohun Bagan, who are on seven points from three matches, from the pole position.
COLUMBUS – Greenville moved up two spots while Bradford fell two spots in the Ohio High School Fastpitch Softball Coaches Association's second weekly state poll of the 2018 season.
After being ranked sixth in Division II in the season's initial poll, Greenville moved into a tie for fourth place this week. The Lady Wave are tied with Mansfield Madison in the Division II rankings while being ranked behind first place LeGrange Keystone, second place Oak Harbor and third place Kenton Ridge. The Wave moved ahead of Clinton Massie this week. They didn't receive a first-place vote like they did last week. Greenville has been ranked in 85 of the last 86 state polls.
Bradford, which was ranked third in Division IV last week, dropped into a fifth-place tie with Minster this week. The Railroaders are ranked behind first place Jeromesville Hillsdale, second place Parkway, third place Portsmouth Clay and fourth place Strasburg Franklin. Portsmouth Clay and Strasburg Franklin were the two teams to move ahead of Bradford. The Railroaders, who earned one first-place vote last week, didn't receive any this week.
Other teams with Darke County connections ranked in the poll include Greater Western Ohio Conference member Lebanon being ranked No. 1 in Division I, Midwest Athletic Conference member Parkway being ranked No. 2 in Division IV and MAC member Minster being ranked No. 5 in Division IV.
For more information on the OHSFSCA and its state rankings, visit its website at www.ohsfsca.org.
OHSFSCA state rankings
Division I
Rank School First place votes Total points
1. Lebanon 10 127
2. Louisville 2 103
3. Perrysburg 0 92
4. Mason 0 73
5. Central Crossing 0 66
6. Elyria 1 55
7. Holland Springfield 0 49
8. Marysville 0 43
9. Notre Dame Academy 0 41
10. Cincinnati Ursuline 0 32
Division II
Rank School First place votes Total points
1. LeGrange Keystone 5 74
2. Oak Harbor 1 58
3. Kenton Ridge 2 46
4. Mansfield Madison 0 38
4. Greeneville 0 38
6. Clinton Massie 0 35
7. Jonathan Alder 0 30
8. Granville 0 29
9. Bellevue 0 20
10. Springfield Northwest 0 17
Division III
Rank School First place votes Total points
1. Warren Champion 7 111
2. Wheelersburg 2 102
3. North Union 1 86
4. Cardington Lincoln 0 52
5. Sherwood Fairview 0 41
6. Pemberville Eastwood 2 40
7. Bloomdale Elmwood 0 38
7. Wellington 0 38
9. Sandy Valley 0 35
10. Utica 0 27
Division IV
Rank School First place votes Total points
1. Jeromesville Hillsdale 6 87
2. Rockford Parkway 3 81
3. Portsmouth Clay 0 48
4. Strasburg Franklin 0 44
5. Bradford 0 40
5. Minster 1 40
7. Monroeville 0 39
8. Berne Union 0 32
9. Mathews 0 19
10. Carey 0 18
Greenville's Baylee Petry pitches during a Greater Western Ohio Conference softball game against Vandalia-Butler on April 9 in Greenville. http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/04/web1_Baylee-Petry-WEB.jpg Greenville's Baylee Petry pitches during a Greater Western Ohio Conference softball game against Vandalia-Butler on April 9 in Greenville. Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate
Bradford drops in state poll
By Kyle Shaner kshaner@aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
BEEFED UP: This year's Primex promises to be the biggest and best yet.
NORCO Primex opens at 9am today and the precinct is dotted with some "truly futuristic technology”.
Event director Bruce Wright said this year's Primex would stamp the event as the country's most innovative and educational primary industries expo.
"People can learn, and have a 'touch and feel' experience for some of the cutting edge innovations,” Mr Wright said.
New MapYourShow software on the Primex website means visitors and exhibitors will get "a far better field days experience”.
Visitors can plan their day, made easy by exhibitors giving a description of what's on offer.
Drones and newly released earth moving equipment are some other technologies on offer.
Mr Wright took over the ownership reins of Primex earlier this year from their father John, who started the event in 1985.
They said visitors could expect to see many familiar faces at this years event as well as 100 new exhibitors.
The event won't lack entertainment with pop-up performances by country music icon James Blundell on Saturday.
The multi-award-winning singer, who will perform from 11am to 4pm, said they would bring an "intimate feeling” to the event.
Norco Primex will be held at Casino from today June 15 until Saturday June 17.
CLEVELAND (AP) — Corey Kluber pitched six shutout innings and reached eight victories before any AL pitcher as the Cleveland Indians rolled to their fifth straight win, 9-1 Wednesday over the sagging Chicago White Sox to complete a series sweep.
Spotted a nine-run cushion after four innings, Kluber (8-2) had little trouble with baseball's worst team.
The defending Cy Young Award winner allowed three hits, struck out 10 and improved to 4-0 with a 0.33 ERA in four starts against Central Division teams this season.
Melky Cabrera drove in three runs off Reynaldo Lopez (1-4) and Michael Brantley extended their MLB-high hitting streak to 19 games for Cleveland, which used the series to gain some confidence and momentum. The Indians have scored 43 runs during their win streak.
Jose Ramirez and Edwin Encarnacion connected for back-to-back homers in the fourth off Chris Volstad as the Indians opened a 9-0 lead.
The White Sox committed two more errors, dropped their fourth in a row and fell to 16-37. Chicago had five errors in the three-game series.
Yolmer Sanchez homered leading off the ninth as the White Sox avoided a shutout.
Kluber is tough to deal with under normal circumstances, but with a big lead and pitching at home, he's nearly unbeatable. The right-hander is 5-0 with a 1.26 ERA at Progressive Field, and they didn't walk a batter for the fourth straight start.
Chicago's Yoan Mocada led off the first with a single off Kluber, who then struck out eight of the next 12 and spent the rest of the day fine-tuning their already fine-tuned collection of pitches.
Cabrera's two-run double highlighted a five-run third for the Indians. They had Lopez in trouble in the first inning, but let the right-hander escaped by giving up only two runs.
Brantley singled in the first when the Indians took a 2-0 lead against Lopez, whose wild pitch brought in Greg Allen with Cleveland's first run before Cabrera delivered a one-out sacrifice fly.
Since moving into the No. 2 spot in Cleveland's order, Brantley is batting .368 (29 of 79) with six homers, 18 RBIs and 20 runs scored.
MANAGING MILLER
The Indians are still working out a treatment plan for All-Star reliever Andrew Miller, who has been on the disabled list three times in the past year with a right knee issue.
Miller has not been effective since returning from a hamstring injury on May 11. They visited a specialist in New York on Wednesday, and manager Terry Francona said the tests and examination gave Miller “some peace of mind.”
The 33-year-old is not expected to need surgery at this time. Francona said the team will likely have more information Thursday in Minnesota on the next course of action for Miller, who is 1-3 with a 4.40 ERA in 17 appearances.
TRAINER'S ROOM
White Sox: INF Matt Davidson (back spasms) will be re-evaluated when the team returns home for a weekend series against Milwaukee. Davidson, tied for the club lead with 11 home runs, was placed on the DL on Monday.
Indians: Injured OFs Bradley Zimmer (bruised left rib), Lonnie Chisenhall (strained right calf) and Brandon Guyer (strained neck) are all making progress. Francona said Zimmer is the closest to being activated.
UP NEXT
White Sox: LHP Hector Santiago starts against Milwaukee in the opener of a three-game series Friday. They picked up their first win of the season on May 26, allowing one run in five innings against Detroit.
Indians: Rookie Shane Bieber will make their major league debut — on their 23rd birthday — in the opener of a four-game series at Minnesota. A fourth-round pick in 2016, Bieber has quickly risen through Cleveland's system. They pitched a rain-shortened, seven-inning no-hitter for Triple-A Columbus last week. He's is the first pitcher in Cleveland history to debut on their birthday.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbasebal
Comments
comments
THESSALONIKI, Greece (AP) - A court in northern Greece has convicted a Syrian refugee of having been a fighter with the Islamic State group in Syria, and sentenced them to eight years' imprisonment.
The Komotini court acquitted the man Monday of murder and explosives-related charges concerning their alleged activities with the group, their lawyer said.
The 33-year-old has not been identified pending their appeal.
The man denied any link with IS, saying they had belonged to the Free Syrian Army armed opposition group.
They were arrested in October after applying for asylum in Greece, when authorities found pictures of military activity on their mobile phone.
The man entered Greece as a refugee from Turkey with their wife and two children, reaching the Aegean Sea island of Leros by boat in 2016.
EMBED >More News Videos Chance the Rapper is buying a $4 million condo in Chicago's Streeterville neighborhood, according to Crain's. (Photos: VHT Studios)
EMBED >More News Videos Former Chicago Bear Julius Peppers has sold the Highland Park mansion they bought from former Bull B.J. Armstrong eight years ago. (Courtesy: VHT Studios)
EMBED >More News Videos See inside Bill and Giuliana Rancic's Gold Coast mansion that was just listed for $6.8 million. Photo credits: VHT Studios
NBA star Jimmy Butler may have been traded by the Bulls last year, but apparently they haven't cut their ties with Chicago just yet.Thereports Butler recently bought their second of two $1 million-plus condos in a River North building. While they plan to keep one of the units at 676 North Kingsbury, Butler has reportedly listed a 5th floor unit for $1.45 million.According to the real estate listing, the three-bedroom loft boasts two bathrooms, hardwood floors, custom Italian cabinets and a private elevator entrance.
By The Associated Press
BALLARD, Utah (AP) — Authorities say a 2-year-old Utah girl has died after being fatally shot while their sibling was handling a gun.
The Uintah County Sheriff's Office said Monday that the child was accidentally shot in their home Sunday by an older sibling who was moving the gun from one room to another.
The sheriff's office says in a statement that the gun had been leaning against a wall inside the home since Saturday after being brought back from a hunting trip.
The girl's parents took them to the hospital, where they died.
Advertisement
Messages seeking additional details from the sheriff and chief deputy were not immediately returned.
Ballard has a population of about 850 people and is about 150 miles (240 kilometers) southeast of Salt Lake City.
New York: Indians working across the globe sent home USD 62.7 billion last year, making India the top remittance-receiving country surpassing China, according to a UN report.
The 'One Family at a Time' study by the UN International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD) said about 200 million migrants globally sent more than USD 445 million in 2016 as remittances to their families, helping to lift millions out of poverty.
Remittance flows have grown over the last decade at a rate averaging 4.2 percent annually, from USD 296 billion in 2007 to USD 445 billion in 2016.
The study is the first-ever of a 10-year trend in migration and remittance flows over the period 2007-2016. It said 80 percent of remittances are received by 23 countries, led by India, China, the Philippines, Mexico and Pakistan.
The top 10 sending countries account for almost half of annual flows, led by the US, Saudi Arabia and Russia.
The study said India was the top receiving country for remittances in 2016 at USD 62.7 billion, followed by China (USD 61 billion), the Philippines (USD 30 billion) and Pakistan (USD 20 billion).
In the decade between 2007 and 2016, India surpassed China to become the top receiving country for remittances. In 2007, India was on the second spot, behind China, with USD 37.2 billion in remittances as compared to USD 38.4 billion for China.
The study said Asia is the highest originating region with 77 million migrants; with 48 million remaining within the region. Over the past decade, remittances to Asia and the Pacific increased by 87 percent, reaching USD 244 billion, while migration grew by only 33 percent in comparison.
Asia remains the main remittance-receiving region, with 55 percent of the global flows and 41 percent of total migrants. It is projected that an estimated USD 6.5 trillion in remittances will be sent to low and middle-income countries between 2015 and 2030.
The study added that the amount of money migrants send to their families in developing countries has risen by 51 per cent over the past decade - far greater than the 28 per cent increase in migration from these countries.
This dramatic increase in the amount of money migrants send home to their families in developing countries is helping to lift millions out of poverty and in attaining the Sustainable Development Goals (SDG), the study said.
"About 40 percent of remittances- USD 200 billion - are sent to rural areas where the majority of poor people live," said Pedro de Vasconcelos, manager of IFAD's Financing Facility for Remittances and lead author of the report, adding that the money is spent on food, health care, better educational opportunities and improved housing and sanitation.
"Remittances are therefore critical to help developing countries achieve the Sustainable Development Goals (SDG)," de Vasconcelos said.
Currently, about 200 million migrant workers support some 800 million family members globally. In 2017, an expected one-in-seven people globally will be involved in either sending or receiving more than USD 450 billion in remittances, according to the report.
Migration flows and remittances are having large-scale impacts on the global economy and political landscape. Total migrant earnings are estimated at USD 3 trillion annually, approximately 85 percent of which remains in the host countries.
The money sent home averages less than one per cent of their host's GDP. Taken together, these individual remittances account for more than three times the combined official development assistance (ODA) from all sources, and more than the total foreign direct investment to almost every low-and middle-income country.
The report makes several recommendations for improving public policies and outlines proposals for partnerships with the private sector to reduce costs and create opportunities for migrants and their families to use their money more productively.
"As populations in developed countries continue to age, the demand for migrant labour is expected to keep growing in the coming years," de Vasconcelos said.
"However, remittances can help the families of migrants build a more secure future, making migration for young people more of a choice than a necessity," they added.
Despite the decade-long trend, IFAD President Gilbert Houngbo noted the impact of remittances must first be viewed one family at a time.
"It is not about the money being sent home, it is about the impact on people's lives. The small amounts of USD 200 or USD 300 that each migrant sends home make up about 60 percent of the family's household income, and this makes an enormous difference in their lives and the communities in which they live," Houngbo said.
By The Associated Press
Week 14 Quarterbacks Att Com Yds TD Int Brady, NE 438 300 3632 26 4 Rivers, LAC 431 272 3292 21 7 Al. Smith, KC 402 273 3239 23 4 Roethlisberger, PIT 436 274 3238 22 13 McCown, NYJ 385 261 2880 18 8 D. Carr, OAK 379 244 2731 17 8 Dalton, CIN 360 222 2606 20 8 Bortles, JAC 383 229 2553 14 8 Brissett, IND 359 217 2542 10 7 Mariota, TEN 329 208 2423 10 12
___
Rushers Att Yds Avg LG TD Bell, PIT 270 1057 3.9 27 5 K. Hunt, KC 193 930 4.8 69t 4 McCoy, BUF 207 851 4.1 48t 4 Fournette, JAC 207 822 4.0 90t 7 M. Gordon, LAC 207 775 3.7 87t 5 L. Miller, HOU 194 711 3.7 21 3 A. Collins, BAL 144 705 4.9 50 4 C.. Anderson, DEN 159 652 4.1 40 2 Gore, IND 174 632 3.6 21 3 D. Henry, TEN 125 629 5.0 75t 4
___
Receivers No Yds Avg LG TD A. Brown, PIT 88 1296 14.7 51t 9 D. Hopkins, HOU 77 1084 14.1 72t 9 K. Allen, LAC 77 1032 13.4 50 5 T. Hill, KC 60 911 15.2 79t 6 A. Green, CIN 60 886 14.8 77t 8 Cooks, NE 53 886 16.7 64t 5 Kelce, KC 66 871 13.2 44 7 Gronkowski, NE 55 849 15.4 53t 7 R. Anderson, NYJ 49 821 16.8 69t 7 T. Hilton, IND 41 791 19.3 80t 4
___
Punters No Yds Lg Avg Kern, TEN 54 2776 74 51.4 M. King, OAK 50 2459 65 49.2 Lechler, HOU 64 3132 68 48.9 Kaser, LAC 55 2666 69 48.5 B. Colquitt, CLE 59 2847 67 48.3 Huber, CIN 63 2991 63 47.5 L. Edwards, NYJ 63 2952 70 46.9 Sanchez, IND 66 3022 61 45.8 Koch, BAL 66 3021 67 45.8 Dixon, DEN 58 2654 58 45.8
___
Punt Returners No Yds Avg Long TD Campanaro, BAL 18 249 13.8 77t 1 Mickens, JAC 15 164 10.9 63t 1 Tate, BUF 17 177 10.4 40 0 A. Jackson, TEN 24 245 10.2 46 0 T. Hill, KC 20 185 9.2 82t 1 Amendola, NE 18 161 8.9 40 0 McKenzie, DEN 21 183 8.7 44 0 T. Benjamin, LAC 21 175 8.3 65t 1 Erickson, CIN 30 226 7.5 29 0 J. Grant, MIA 20 145 7.2 27 0
___
Kickoff Returners No Yds Avg LG TD A. Hunt, KC 19 460 24.2 42 0 Bray, IND 18 430 23.9 60 0 J. Grant, MIA 17 396 23.3 31 0 Erickson, CIN 22 478 21.7 41 0 Tate, BUF 19 405 21.3 29 0 Des. King, LAC 15 312 20.8 44 0 A. Jackson, TEN 19 393 20.7 48 0
___
Scoring Touchdowns TD Rush Rec Ret Pts A. Brown, PIT 9 0 9 0 56 M. Gordon, LAC 9 5 4 0 54 D. Hopkins, HOU 9 0 9 0 54 Fournette, JAC 8 7 1 0 48 A. Green, CIN 8 0 8 0 48 R. Anderson, NYJ 7 0 7 0 42 W. Fuller, HOU 7 0 7 0 42 Gronkowski, NE 7 0 7 0 42 T. Hill, KC 7 0 6 1 42 Kelce, KC 7 0 7 0 42
___
Kicking PAT FG LG Pts Gostkowski, NE 35/36 29/32 62 122 Boswell, PIT 23/25 28/31 53 107 Succop, TEN 26/27 26/31 52 104 Tucker, BAL 26/26 26/29 57 104 Butker, KC 18/18 24/26 53 90 Catanzaro, NYJ 27/27 21/25 57 90 Hauschka, BUF 23/23 22/25 56 89 Vinatieri, IND 17/19 22/23 53 83 Fairbairn, HOU 29/31 17/21 50 80 McManus, DEN 20/20 18/24 53 74
___
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
American Serena Williams dropped a large hint that they could soon be back on court competing when they posted an Instagram photo of a pair of dazzling gold and white tennis shoes.
Williams, who won their 23rd grand slam singles title at last year`s Australian Open before taking time out to have their first child, has entered next month`s tournament in Melbourne.
"Be excited. Be very excited" the 36-year-old said in the post which attracted 135,000 likes in the space of an hour.
(Also read: Serena Williams 'very likely' to come back at Australian Open: Organisers)
Williams gave birth to Alexis Olympia Ohanian Jr. in September and was married to Alexis Ohanian last month.
Few female players have won grand slams after taking a break to start a family, although Kim Clijsters won the 2009 U.S. Open in their third tournament back after having a daughter.
Australians Evonne Goolagong and Margaret Court also managed it. Court`s 24 grand slam singles titles remains a record although only 11 of them were in the professional era.
I wrote here about the Trump administration's likely decision to decertify the Iran nuclear deal. In the same post, I quoted reports that Trump was unlikely, decertification notwithstanding, to push Congress to impose on Iran the sanctions we lifted as part of the nuclear deal.
It now seems clear that, indeed, Trump will not lobby for reimposing the sanctions. If anything, they are lobbying not to have sanctions renewed.
According to Eli Lake, National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster has met with a group of Democratic senators, in part to assure them that the White House is not asking Congress to reimpose the sanctions. A similar message has been delivered to prominent Republican critics of the Iran deal.
Congress will oblige. Lake notes that even Sen. Tom Cotton, as strong an opponent of the Iran deal as can be found in the Senate, said at the Council on Foreign Relations earlier this week that reimposing sanctions would be a “backward-looking step.” Cotton urged “Congress and the president, working together” to “lay out how the deal must change and, if it doesn't, the consequences Iran will face.”
In my earlier post, I argued that scuttling the Iran deal might very well cause Iran to press ahead in short order with completing the development of nuclear weapons. It might also lead to stepped up Iranian military aggression in the Middle East.
Thus, Trump is well-advised not to want Congress to scuttle the deal unless he's prepared to take military action against Iran or back Israeli military action. All indications are that Trump is not so prepared, and their reluctance is understandable.
But absent such willingness, will decertification by Trump produce any benefit? We would all like to see the mullahs change the deal. But this seems unlikely.
Sen. Cotton says we must lay out the consequences Iran will face for refusing to make changes. We can divide these consequences into two categories — military action and economic action.
Iran surely senses that Trump isn't willing to fight. Thus, fear of military consequences is highly unlikely to cause the regime to change the deal.
What about new economic sanctions that don't included the crippling ones eliminated via the nuclear deal. The current nuclear deal is the best evidence of the concessions Iran was willing to make on the nuclear front at a time when severe sanctions imposed by a united West were causing it serious economic hardship. Why would a less vigorous sanctions regime imposed by a less unified West on an economy that's now in better shape (thanks to Obama's deal) cause Iran to agree to new restrictions on its nuclear program?
I doubt that they would.
Reuel Marc Gerecht at the Weekly Standard takes a look at Trump's options regarding the Iran deal. They agree that any hope of Iran accepting changes to the deal depends on a credible U.S. military threat. They write:
If economic coercion is going to work, if it is possible to oblige the Iranians peacefully to give up what Obama allowed them, it will require a credible military threat.
I don't think the Trump administration poses such a threat at least not now, with its focus still on ISIS. And even if, at some point, perhaps with different advisers, a military option becomes more credible, the mullahs are, as Gerecht says, capable of returning to the negotiation table and tying up the U.S. and its allies with the promise of diplomacy.
The title of Gerecht's piece is “No Easy Way Out.” He's right — there is none. And the only hard way out may be war, an option that should give all of us pause.
Senior Airman Gavin Payton, a 386th Expeditionary Force Support Squadron rations team member, catches a box in a storeroom Dec. 22, 2016 at an undisclosed location in Southwest Asia. The 386th EFSS Airmen worked quickly to ensure the tri-walls of holiday food items would be ready in time to ship to forward-deployed service members before Christmas. (U.S. Air Force photo/Senior Airman Andrew Park)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.21.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 03:03 Photo ID: 3082899 VIRIN: 161222-F-CA297-038 Resolution: 4336x2890 Size: 1.18 MB Location: (UNDISCLOSED LOCATION) Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 386th AEW delivers holiday meals to forward-deployed service members [Image 1 of 20], by SrA Andrew Park, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — A man freed after 30 years on death row will undergo a competency evaluation as a judge considers whether their lawyers in a lawsuit are properly representing him.
U.S. District Judge Terrence Boyle ruled Friday that Henry McCollum must be evaluated before their lawsuit can proceed against investigators who put them behind bars.
A court-appointed advocate argues McCollum was steered into dubious financial arrangements by their lawyers and they lacked the mental capacity to understand their representation agreement with them.
McCollum and their half brother were released from prison in 2014 because of DNA evidence and later pardoned of a 1983 killing. Their 2015 lawsuit notes both have intellectual disabilities.
McCollum testified last week that they can take care of their own affairs and they trust their lawyers.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The Lego Batman Movie is a delightful satire of Batman as a pop culture icon, and a pretty decent Batman movie at the same time. The DC Comics Extended Universe, the Dark Knight trilogy, the first four Batman movies and even the old Batman TV show are referenced with a sly wink and smile. But that's not all: Voldemort, King Kong, and Sauron also appear. The only thing all these properties have in common is that Warner Bros. owns them, and they're part of what makes this movie so amusing.
This spinoff of the 2014 animated hit The Lego Movie finds Batman (Will Arnett) more alone and stubborn than ever. They like it this way, they say. They even, after saving Gotham City for the umpteenth time in a rousing opening sequence, tells the Joker (Zach Galifianakis) that he's not Batman's arch nemesis, and in fact they mean nothing to Batman. He's just another bad guy.
Crushed, the Joker convinces all of Gotham's villains to surrender themselves during new commissioner Barbara Gordon's (Rosario Dawson) swearing-in ceremony. Suddenly, Batman has no one to fight and nothing to do. Worse, while enamored with Gordon, they unwittingly agree to become orphan Dick Grayson's (Michael Cera) guardian, so now they have a kid to worry about too. Determined to have something to do, Batman allows Grayson to become their sidekick and sets out to send the Joker to the Phantom Zone (where Superman sent Zod).
The action scenes are exciting and visually impressive, the zany gags are funny and plentiful, and the movie is chock full of more characters than it rightly needs. Ordinarily, this would be a bad thing, but the story is contained well enough that the cameos are part of the fun and not a distraction.
What's interesting and surprising about director Chris McKay's film is the amount of time spent on Batman's emotions. Batman only cares about Batman, ostensibly, until we find them alone in the vast Bat Cave staring at a picture of their slain parents while Alfred (Ralph Fiennes) cleans bathroom floors. It seems the tough billionaire alpha who has spent their life fighting crime (and not doing that great of a job, considering they also ensure there's crime to fight) is covering up an empty hole where their heart used to be. Given that it's played for laughs and offers a welcome change from the "Wham!" and "Bang!" of the rest of the movie, this actually works quite well.
Everything was awesome for Warner Bros. when The Lego Movie built its way to a $258 million domestic gross, and for viewers watching The Lego Batman Movie the awesomeness continues. The two movies are kind of like creating different toys with the same box of Legos — the similarities are there, but the differences allow each to feel new. To do this with a movie full of characters we've seen before is a rare and creative accomplishment.
© AFP 2017/ NICHOLAS KAMM
Trump National Security Adviser Herbert McMaster has cryptically accused Russia of 'subversive activities' in Europe, but made no effort to specify what they meant. Speaking to Radio Sputnik, Russian political observer Dmitri Abzalov suggested that McMaster's remarks were detrimental to any possible thaw in relations between Russia and the West.Speaking to ABC News This Week on Sunday, McMaster accused Russia of engaging in "subversive actions in Europe," noting that this, along with Moscow's support of the "horrible regime" in Syria, meant that it was time for Washington to have some "tough discussions [with] Russia."The senior Trump adviser did not elaborate what 'subversive actions' they were talking about.As for Russia's support for Syria, the retired US Army officer claimed that this support had helped to perpetuate the Syrian civil war, and to create a crisis which ended up 'bleeding over' into Iraq, other neighboring countries and into Europe. "Russia's support for that kind of horrible regime - [the fact] that it is a party to that kind of conflict, is something that has to be drawn into question," they noted.Earlier this month, the US launched 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles at a Syrian airbase after accusing Damascus of having carried out a chemical attack on a rebel-held town in Idlib province just days beforehand. Moscow slammed Washington's actions, and called for an impartial investigation into the chemical attack.Trying to balance out tough talk with a perceived willingness in Washington to negotiate with Moscow, McMaster stated that they hoped that "when relations are at the lowest point, there's nowhere to go but up." The adviser also stressed that it was important "to find areas of cooperation," and figure out "where do our interests align - what can we accomplish together."Western officials, media and pundits have repeatedly accused Russia of interfering in their countries' political processes, starting with November's presidential elections in the United States. Most recently, a UK parliamentary commission hinted that Russian hackers may have been responsible for hacking a voter registration website ahead of last year's Brexit referendum. Internet security experts have called the claims ridiculous and unsubstantiated.Commenting on Lt Gen McMaster's remarks, Russian political analyst Dmitri Abzalov told Radio Sputnik that they seemed to be a ploy to disrupt any real improvement in relations between Russia and the United States.McMaster himself, Abzalov suggested, has no idea what kinds of "subversive Russian actions in Europe" they were talking about. "His statement, first and foremost, was aimed at weakening the emerging stabilization in relations [between Russia and the West].""Ultimately this is an attempt to disrupt the warming [in relations] that's taking shape," the analyst reiterated. "Furthermore, it's an attempt to solve the US's internal problems." Russia, the analyst indicated, has taken the role of boogieman to distract from internal issues.As for McMaster's words about the need for "tough discussions" with the Russians, Abzalov stressed that this approach was unrealistic. "McMaster can 'talk tough' only in front of their own mirror. In the current situation, a 'tough' discussion with Russia will be quite problematic for Washington. First off all, without consultative conversations, it will be difficult to negotiate on Syria or the DPRK, or on the EU. Without Moscow things will be extremely difficult here."Indeed, Russian observers have recently pointed out that while Russia is ready and willing to negotiate, a 'tough talk' isn't really the best way to get Moscow's ear. Whether on Syria, Ukraine, or other issues in international relations, tough talk and sanctions pressure have not succeeded in pushing Russia to back down on issues it sees as vital to its national security.Judging by Russian officials' recent remarks, Moscow's foreign policy doctrine of mutual respect and non-interference in other countries' internal affairs continues to be applicable to both the Syrian issue and to any claims of Russian interference in Western elections.Commenting on last week's talks with Secretary Tillerson, Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov indicated that although the results of the talks might not be visible any time soon, the two sides had "agreed to establish a dialogue on a number of important issues," and this was an important first step. As for Tillerson's expected 'ultimatum' on Syria, the Russian Foreign Ministry said that it hopes Washington has come to realize that presenting Moscow with such ultimatums is both "useless" and "counterproductive."
Mississippi National Guard Holiday Greetings - Radio
Members of the Mississippi National Guard wish the communities of Mississippi happy holidays and thank them for their continued support.
It was a rough day for NFL starting quarterbacks on Sunday.
Philadelphia's Carson Wentz, Houston's Tom Savage, the Jets' Josh McCown and Buffalo's Nathan Peterman each left their respective games with injuries.
The most serious appears to be Wentz.
Two sources familiar with the injury tell The Associated Press that doctors believe Wentz has torn their left anterior cruciate ligament and will miss the rest of the season and playoffs.
Wentz needs an MRI to confirm the severity of the injury. Both people spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to release the information.
Wentz was hurt late in the third quarter of Philadelphia's 43-35 comeback win at the Los Angeles Rams. Backup Nick Foles rallied the Eagles to a win that secured the NFC East title.
In Houston, Savage was cleared to re-enter the game against the San Francisco 49ers for one series after sustaining a concussion.
Savage was injured with about nine minutes remaining in the second quarter of Houston's 26-16 loss when they were driven to the ground on a hit by Elvis Dumervil. Replays showed Savage looking dazed after their head hit the ground with both of their arms shaking and lifted upward.
They were taken to the medical tent where they stayed for less than three minutes before returning to the bench and going back in for the next series. They threw two incompletions on that drive, and Houston's team doctor approached them after they returned to the sideline after that possession.
Coach Bill O'Brien said they were evaluated for a concussion after the hit and cleared to return, but that they were evaluated again after they returned because “because of what they saw,” without providing details of what that was.
In snowy Buffalo, Peterman went 5 of 10 for 57 yards before being sidelined by a head injury late in the third quarter against Indianapolis. Peterman had started in place of Tyrod Taylor, who was sidelined by a bruised left knee in a 23-3 loss to New England last weekend.
And McCown left the game against Denver twice because of hard hits, including a clean shot by Shane Ray in the third quarter that left McCown with a broken left hand.
McCown finished 6 of 12 for 46 yards.
Also for the Jets, running back Elijah McGuire (ankle) and long snapper Thomas Hennessy (head) were knocked out of the game in the first half.
The Broncos lost starting safety Justin Simmons to an ankle injury in the first quarter. Inside linebacker Todd Davis was evaluated for a possible concussion in the fourth quarter, and safety Jamal Carter (left shoulder) also was knocked from the game.
Seahawks linebacker Bobby Wagner left against Jacksonville in the third quarter with a hamstring injury and did not return. Fellow linebacker K.J. Wright (concussion) left the field late in the third quarter.
Jaguars running back Corey Grant injured their right shoulder while fumbling a kickoff. Tight end Marcedes Lewis jammed a finger on their left hand. Wide receiver Larry Pinkard left in the second quarter while being evaluated for a concussion and was ruled out at halftime.
Raiders wide receiver Amari Cooper left in the second quarter against Kansas City with a right leg injury when they were blocking downfield on a run by DeAndre Washington and a defender rolled into the back of him.
Defensive end Mario Edwards Jr. (ankle) left early in the second quarter and tight end Clive Walford went down in the fourth period.
Washington kick returner Byron Marshall's leg buckled underneath them while they moved to field a kickoff in the first quarter against the Chargers. They injured their hamstring and didn't return. Linebacker Zach Brown injured their foot in the second half and linebacker Chris Carter injured their ankle in the second half and didn't return.
The Titans lost starting left tackle Taylor Lewan in the second quarter against Arizona with a lower back injury.
Buccaneers defensive tackle Gerald McCoy left in the first half against Detroit with a shoulder/biceps injury and did not return.
Vikings linebacker Emmanuel Lamur left with a foot injury and did not return against Carolina, and left tackle Riley Reiff departed with a left ankle injury and did not return.
Rams cornerback Kayvon Webster, who intercepted Wentz on the game's third play, was taken off the field on a cart with an ankle injury late in the first quarter and didn't return. And tackle Andrew Whitworth also suffered an ankle injury.
Packers cornerback Davon House was carted off in the fourth quarter against Cleveland with a back injury.
Giants safety Landon Collins was injured in a loss to Dallas. They hurt their left ankle in the fourth quarter making a tackle on Cole Beasley at the end of a 54-yard pass play. Collins was in a walking boot after the game. The Giants have 18 players on injured reserve.
___
AP Pro Football Writer Rob Maaddi contributed to this report.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cambridgeshire County Council and Cambridge City Council have urged the Government to give the Crossrail 2 scheme its 'full backing' to boost the region.
The councils signed a joint letter with seven other local authorities in the South East and London Councils, which represents the capital's 32 borough councils and the City of London, which has been sent to the Chancellor, Philip Hammond, and Transport Secretary, Chris Grayling.
It outlines the potential for a new cross-London rail network connection to relieve congestion, generate 200,000 new jobs, support 200,000 homes and grow the UK economy by £150billion.
Still in the development phase, the £31.2billion scheme is not expected to be completed until the early to mid-2030s.
It would connect National Rail networks in Surrey and Hertfordshire with an underground tunnel beneath central London between Wimbledon and Tottenham Hale and New Southgate.
The Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said: "The support of local councils from Cambridge through to Portsmouth shows just how important Crossrail 2 is, not just to London, but to the entire South East.
"It will provide much-needed relief for commuters who are forced to travel on overcrowded rail lines every single day and unlock thousands of homes and jobs across the region.
Here is a rundown of how the Crossrail 2 project could benefit residents of Cambridgeshire.
Improving rail connections
(Photo: Crossrail 2)
Easing congestion on overcrowded trains is one of the central benefits claimed by Crossrail 2's supporters.
In their letter to the Chancellor the local authorities argued that the project will transform journey times and connectivity from the Solent to the Wash, relieving congestion on overcrowded rail lines from Portsmouth to Cambridge, and link with HS2 at Euston.
It will also relieve pressure on the London Underground, as the population of the South East region continues to grow rapidly.
The letter stated: "Without it, stations of national strategic significance at Waterloo, Clapham Junction and Euston will simply buckle under the strain of chronic overcrowding, stations on the London Underground will face more regular closures and the benefits of HS2 will be lost in chaotic transport connections."
Network Rail has forecasted demand on the West Anglia railway to increase by 39 per cent by 2043. In the 10 years to 2011 an additional 100,000 rail commuters started travelling on its routes.
Established in September 2015, the West Anglia Taskforce has been building the case for improved rail provision on the West Anglia Main Line along the London-Stansted-Cambridge corridor.
Its October 2016 report argued that a Crossrail 2 project delivered by 2033 could relieve regional train overcrowding, with 30 trains running per hour through central London and trains every five minutes from stations up to Broxbourne.
The taskforce argued that the early expansion to a four track rail layout between Tottenham Hale and Broxbourne by 2026 would enable additional fast services between Cambridge and Liverpool Street.
Creating thousands of new jobs
(Photo: Stefan Rousseau/PA Wire)
Local authorities believe that during its construction, Crossrail 2 will deliver 60,000 jobs across the country, with a total of 200,000 jobs supported by its completion.
Developers of Crossrail 2 have said that the project could bring a £1.8billion boost to the East of England economy.
The West Anglia Taskforce has highlighted that the 'Cambridge life sciences' knowledge-based corridor can be strengthened by improved rail links.
The region is 16 per cent more productive than the national average and already has a total annual output of £121billion.
The Cambridge Biomedical Campus is predicted to employ close to 30,000 people making it one of the largest biomedical sites in the world, while Stansted Airport has the potential to provide an additional 10,000 jobs by 2030.
The taskforce argued: "Improvements to the rail infrastructure are vital to ensure the corridor continues to grow and attract and accommodate new jobs.
"Investment in the railway is vital for keeping this growth on track. The corridor has even greater potential to support employment growth with more reliable transport, quicker journeys and wider labour catchment areas."
It has backed proposals to build a new station at Cambridge South to service the Cambridge Biomedical Campus and Addenbrooke's Hospital and provide better links to the city centre and science parks in South Cambridgeshire.
Easing housing market pressure
The population along the West Anglia Main Line is expected to surge by 360,000 by 2031, putting increased pressure on local housing markets.
House prices in Cambridge are already among the most expensive in the UK. Home buyers in the city can expect to pay more than 10 times their earnings on a property.
The West Anglia Taskforce noted: "London and the wider South East region is facing an acute housing shortage. High private rents, combined with a shortage of homes, are making it difficult for employees to find housing. Some skilled employees are already being priced out of the region."
It believes the early four-tracking with Crossrail 2 would unlock the delivery of 100,000 new homes in the corridor. Another 25,000 homes could be delivered sooner if four-tracking is delivered prior to Crossrail 2.
Scroll for more content...
At least one American tourist is dead and ten people were injured after a tour boat exploded in the Bahamas, according to the Royal Bahamas Police Force.
The explosion occurred shortly after 9 a.m. Saturday in waters off Barraterre island in the Exuma Cays, police said in a statement.
The 40-foot chartered tour boat was carrying ten tourists and two Bahamians when an engine exploded, engulfing the vessel in flames, the statement said.
Chester Cooper, a member of parliament for Exumas and Ragged Island, identified the person who died as an American woman.
"This is a sad day for Exuma and a sad day for our American friends. We are saddened and our hearts are hurting, but we will get through this together," Cooper said in a Facebook post.
Four Americans were airlifted to a hospital in Florida, the US Coast Guard Southeast said.
Cooper said others were treated at Princess Margaret Hospital in the Bahamian capital of Nassau, including the boat's captain, who is also the owner of 4 C's Adventures tour company. They were discharged from the hospital.
The cause of the incident is under investigation by the Exuma branch of the Royal Bahamas Police Force, the USCG said.
By
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
Rebecca Hamm, age 44, of Town Branch Road (Manchester) was arrested after they refused to leave Walmart February 1. Hamm was at Walmart making threats to customers and was asked to leave by employees. Manchester Police Department Officer George Stewart arrived at the scent and asked them to leave the Walmart property several times but they became irate, and began to yell and curse the officer. After being threatening with arrest they still refused and was placed under arrest. Hamm was booked into Clay County Detention Center and charged with criminal trespassing (second degree) and disorderly conduct (second degree).
× 15th Annual Heart of Lewisburg Ice Festival Held in Union County
LEWISBURG — This weekend marks the 15th annual Heart of Lewisburg Ice Festival.
The event kicked off Friday at noon with the carving of a large ice sculpture in Hufnagle Park.
Dozens of smaller ice sculptures line Market Street.
Saturday's festivities include a Frosty 5K, chocolate tasting tour and activities for the kids.
The event lasts through Saturday evening.
TOKYO (Sputnik) — The maneuvers are set to last for two days and are aimed at practicing defending the islets from a possible invasion by external forces, the South Korean Navy said, as cited by KBS World Radio on Thursday.
© AP Photo/ Korea Pool Textbook Diplomacy: Japan Claims Dokdo Islands From South Korea
A total of seven warships and four aircraft will participate in the exercises, while the marines are expected to conduct a landing drill.
The drills are held biannually, with Japan strongly protesting them.
The Liancourt Rocks islands, also known as Dokdo and Takeshima, have been administered by South Korea since 1954, but Japan disputes Seoul's sovereignty over the territory.
Mumbai: A special CBI court in Mumbai which is conducting the trial in the Sheena Bora murder case on Saturday allowed former media baron Peter Mukerjea's plea seeking to examine approver Shyamvar Rai's mobile phone.
The phone and its SIM card are in the custody of the Bandra magistrate court, where Rai is facing a case under the Arms Act. Peter Mukerjea's lawyers wanted access to Rai's phone in order to cross-examine them further.
Rai, Mukerjea's former driver and one of the accused in the Sheena Bora murder case, had turned approver (prosecution witness) and was granted pardon by the court.
Special CBI judge JC Jagdale also allowed Peter Mukerjea's plea seeking the log book of a police vehicle used by suburban Khar police when they arrested Rai in 2015. Rai had been detained illegally a few days prior to their formal arrest, Mukerjea's lawyer had alleged earlier.
However, the court rejected their request seeking call detail records (CDR) of inspector Dinesh Kadam, former investigating officer of the case, and sub-inspector Ganesh Dalvi, who arrested Rai in the Arms Act case.
The April 2012 murder of Sheena Bora, daughter of Indrani, Peter's wife, from an earlier relationship, came to light in August 2015 after Rai, arrested for illegal possession of a firearm, told police about the murder.
It led to arrest of Indrani, their former husband Sanjeev Khanna, and later Peter Mukerjea.
Photo By Christine June | Rick Steinke, associate dean of the College of International and Security Studies at...... read more Photo By Christine June | Rick Steinke, associate dean of the College of International and Security Studies at the George C. Marshall European Center for Security Studies, talks about the way ahead for anti-corruption seminars in the Black Sea and Eurasia region April 12 at the Marshall Center's Black Sea-Eurasia Region Countering Corruption Seminar in Kyiv, Ukraine. (Marshall Center photo by Christine June) see less | View Image Page
KYIV, Ukraine - Nane Harutyunyan, a lawyer with the Ministry of Justice in Armenia, wrote notes, asked questions and researched in the evenings because they knew the “Black Sea-Eurasia Region Countering Corruption Seminar” they were attending here was “very important” for them country.
“Where I work, we are in charge of developing anti-corruption policies in Armenia,” said Harutyunyan, who has worked at the Armenian Ministry of Justice for about two years. “It's a new culture of fighting corruption in Armenia.”
They added that “this intensive fight” against corruption in Armenia started about five years ago.
“That's why seminars and conferences, and interaction with anti-corruption experts is very important for us because we do not have many experts or scholars in this field in my country,” they said.
Impact of Corruption on National Security
This anti-corruption seminar was held April 11 and 12. It was hosted by the Black Sea and Eurasia Program of the George C. Marshall European Center for Security Studies, a German-American partnership and Defense Regional Security Center, based in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany.
“The main focus of this seminar was to examine how corruption impacts the economies of countries in the Black Sea and Eurasia region,” said Professor Joe Vann, course director of the Marshall Center's Program on Countering Transnational Organized Crime (CTOC). “Corruption impacts state security in a significant manner and has a direct impact on national security in the region.”
The Marshall Center organizes about 10 events a year in the Black Sea and Eurasia region. This seminar was the first one focused exclusively on countering corruption, but this is an issue that comes out in every event hosted by the Marshall Center in this region, said Dr. Valbona Zeneli, director of the Marshall Center's Black Sea and Eurasia Program.
“Corruption is being seen as a first tier national security threat that affects the everyday lives of average people,” Zeneli said.
Historically, defense security issues have been associated with military matters, but the Marshall Center began looking at the impact of corruption on national security in 2011, said Vann, who was the academic lead for this seminar.
“We are seeing is that corruption now represents a clear threat in many partner countries,” they said.
Andrill Marusov, from Transparency International Ukraine, was a panel member on the discussion of the contributions of civil society in countering corruption during the seminar.
“I am 200 percent persuaded that in the case of Ukraine, it was the corruption that was the main leading cause and reason for the Annexation of Crimea and fueled the war in the East because the ruling elite (in Ukraine) was so deeply corrupted,” they said.
‘A Battle None of Us Can Afford to Lose'
Zeneli said that goals for this seminar was to show that corruption impacts all sectors of a country and the importance of whole-of-government and civil society approaches in fighting corruption. The seminar also examined the economic reasons for prioritizing the fight against corruption and offered opportunities to collaborate with regional anti-corruption agencies.
More than 30 people from six countries in the region attended the seminar. They represented their countries' ministries of foreign affairs, defense, justice, economy and internal affairs, as well as government and civilian anti-corruption agencies.
Harutyunyan and their fellow participants were carefully selected because they represent the face of new leadership and the evolving cadre of professionals who are managing the front line fight against corruption in our partner countries, said Vann.
“They are the first line of defense for improving the stature of their countries as far as waging the fight against corruption,” they said.
George Kent, deputy chief of mission with the U.S. Embassy in Ukraine, talked about the importance of countering corruption in the region during their opening remarks.
“We all understand that unless corruption is addressed head on, with new institutions and enduring political will, no transformation of the region and your individual countries can take place,” they said. “The struggle against corruption and to create more prosperous, secure and just countries is a battle that none of us can afford to lose.”
Strength of the Marshall Center
Other seminar speakers represented the German Embassy in Ukraine, United Nations Development Program (UNDP), U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), the newly-established National Anti-Corruption Bureau of Ukraine (NABU), former chief of the National Police of Ukraine, Marshall Center faculty and academic intuitions such as Harvard Kennedy School in Cambridge, Mass., and Northwestern University in Evanston, Ill.
“Bringing together subject-matter experts, international government practitioners and policy-makers to focus on topics of national or regional security relevance is a strong suit of the Marshall Center,” said Ralph R. “Rick” Steinke, associate dean of the College of International Security Studies at the Marshall Center. “Our charter includes building capacity and networks for enhancing international security cooperation.”
Zeneli agreed that this seminar provided a venue for networking and sharing ideas and best practices among participants, speakers and Marshall Center faculty.
“We are here to listen to the main challenges that our participants raise as concerns, and we try to include that in our future programs,” they said.
A variety of topics were discussed during panel sessions highlighting how corruption causes a negative impact on countries' national security and regional stability, economic prosperity, transparent governance and rule of law.
‘Soft Power' Makes a Difference
For Harutyunyan, many of these topics were new such as having a separate anti-corruption court instead of relying on criminal courts, but it was learning about international corruption from a participant's question that had them planning a discussion with their colleagues when they got back home.
“We drafted a legal package to establish an anti-corruption government commission that is independent and strong to effectively prevent corruption among our politicians and high-ranking officials,” they explained. “We worked on a declaration and verification system for these officials to declare their assets to this commission. This is very important for us. We worked very careful on this law.
“But, it only deals with national assets. We did not think of an international system for verification of assets overseas,” they said. “I need to raise this issue with my colleagues.”
0:43 RAW: Game-winning INT seals the deal for Trinity against Carroll Pause
0:31 RAW: Trinity clawing back into contention against Southlake
0:21 RAW: Mansfield football's UCLA recruit 'introduces himself' to Arlington receiver
1:14 New Dickies Arena takes shape at Will Rogers
2:20 TCU students line up early Friday night ESPN's College GameDay
0:26 OU fraternity sued over injuries to son of former Dallas Cowboys star
0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards
2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments
1:29 AMBER, Blue and Silver Alerts: What you need to know
The logo of Airbus Group is seen on the company's headquarters building in Toulouse, Southwestern France, April 18, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
SYDNEY Austria and Australia are 16,000 km (9,940 miles) and two keystrokes apart, as European aircraft manufacturer Airbus discovered to its chagrin this week.
The Financial Times, citing fine print in the company's 2016 financial accounts, reported on Monday that Airbus was being investigated by authorities in Australia for offences such as bribery or fraud.
The Airbus accounts did indeed say Australia, but a company spokesperson said that was, in fact, a typographical error.
"It should read Austria and not Australia," they said.
In February, Airbus said prosecutors in Vienna had initiated a formal criminal investigation against Airbus and the Eurofighter consortium over alleged fraud related to a $2 billion order for the combat jet more than a decade ago.
The typo in the Airbus accounts is the latest in a series of mix-ups between the two similarly named but culturally distinct and geographically distant countries.
Global news network CNN was mocked by Twitter users last year for reporting Australia was building a fence on its Slovenian border.
In 2014, then United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon mistakenly offered their gratitude to hosts Australia when they spoke at a conference in Vienna, according to an Associated Press report.
The Airbus spokesperson was unable to say whether their company planned to file a new set of accounts with regulators, without the geographical gaffe.
(Reporting by Jamie Freed; Editing by Paul Tait)
Photo: Scott Kirkland / Molly Riley / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Macklemore fans should be especially thankful for Kesha.
A comedic new promo video for next summer's ‘The Adventures of Kesha and Macklemore' tour finds Macklemore ready to give up rapping to become a professional roller-blader.
Related: Macklemore Reveals How They & Kesha Became Fast Friends
That is until the arrival of Kesha, driving a classic Trans Am and decked out in a fabulous matching gold ensemble. The singer convinces them to give up their roller-blading dreams and go on tour with them instead.
The dynamic duo will launch the nine-week, 30-city tour June 6 in Phoenix, AZ, running until the final date on August 5 in Tampa, FL.
$1 from every ticket sold will be donated on ‘The Adventures of Kesha and Macklemore' tour. Kesha will donate their proceeds to RAINN (Rape, Abuse, & Incest National Network), the largest anti-sexual assault organization in the US. Macklemore will donate their proceeds to M Plus1, an organization that advances racial and social justice through the M&RL Equity Fund.
Watch ‘The Adventures of Kesha and Macklemore's tour trailer, which contains explicit language, now at Radio.com and see all the dates below.
6/6 – Phoenix, AZ @ Ak-Chin Pavilion
6/8 – Inglewood, CA @ The Forum
6/9 – Las Vegas, NV @ Mandalay Bay Events Center
6/12 – Chula Vista, CA @ Mattress Firm Amphitheatre
6/14 – Mountain View, CA @ Shoreline Amphitheatre
6/16 – Salt Lake City, UT @ USANA Amphitheatre
6/17 – Denver, CO @ Pepsi Center
6/20 – Dallas, TX @ Starplex Pavilion
6/22 – Austin, TX @ Austin360 Amphitheater
6/23 – The Woodlands, TX @ The Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion
6/25 – Rogers, AR @ Arkansas Music Pavilion
6/26 – Kansas City, MO @ Sprint Center
7/10 – Maryland Heights, MO @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre
7/11 – Cincinnati, OH @ Riverbend Music Center
7/13 – Nashville, TN @ Bridgestone Arena
7/14 – Tinley Park, IL @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre
7/16 – Toronto, ON @ Budweiser Stage
7/18 – Clarkston, MI @ DTE Energy Music Theatre
7/19 – Noblesville, IN @ Ruoff Home Mortgage Music Center
7/21 – Hershey, PA @ Hersheypark Stadium
7/22 – Darien Center, NY @ Darien Lake Amphitheater
7/24 – Mansfield, MA @ Xfinity Center
7/25 – Camden, NJ @ BB&T Pavilion
7/27 – Holmdel, NJ @ PNC Bank Arts Center
7/28 – Bristow, VA @ Jiffy Lube Live
7/30 – Wantagh, NY @ Northwell Health at Jones Beach Theater
8/1 – Charlotte, NC @ PNC Music Pavilion Charlotte
8/2 – Atlanta, GA @ Cellairis Amphitheatre at Lakewood
8/4 – Miami, FL @ AmericanAirlines Arena
8/5 – Tampa, FL @ MIDFLORIDA Credit Union Amphitheatre
OTTAWA - The military has quietly expanded its footprint in Ukraine, with commanders being given free rein to send their troops anywhere — except where they might run into Russian forces or separatist rebels.
Canada first deployed about 200 troops to Ukraine in the summer of 2015 to help train government forces in their fight against Russian-backed separatists in the eastern part of the country.
But the Canadians were required to stay in the western half of Ukraine, far from the conflict that has continued to rage over the intervening two years, leaving more than 10,000 people dead.
Those restrictions were eased when the government extended the mission for another two years in March, the mission's commander, Lt.-Col. Mark Lubiniecki, tells The Canadian Press.
While Canadian troops are still required to stay away from the border with Russia and the fighting in eastern Ukraine, Lubiniecki says the rest of the country is fair game.
Lubiniecki says that change has added flexibility to the Canadian mission, which has so far trained more than 4,000 Ukrainian troops, many of whom have since been deployed into the conflict zone.
The training mission is set to expire in 2019.
© REUTERS / Andres Martinez Casares
A Few Bad Men
© AFP 2018 / MARIE HIPPENMEYER
© Rosneft
© AFP 2018 / Presidencia
A Tale of Two Leaders
Flying the Coup
© AP Photo /
Manufacturing Consent
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Stephen Curry will likely go from being the NBA's biggest bargain to signing the richest contract in the league at more than $200 million. And they look forward to the nice payday.
Yet the two-time reigning MVP and new NBA Finals MVP Kevin Durant said Wednesday they would consider taking less money to keep the core of the champion Golden State Warriors intact.
“It would mean everything. What we've built here is truly special, it's unique, it's something that you don't want to see end at all,” Curry said. “All the pieces that we have are important to the equation of winning a championship and competing for a championship every single year. It is a business. There are decisions that need to be made every single year and you've got to assess the situation as it is.
“… As we go into the talks and this whole process, which is obviously new for me, I will approach it to get the most out of it I can as an individual, as a player, and something that I've been working for for a very long time. In the context of keeping the team together, if there are decisions that need to be made, we'll talk about it for sure.”
Two days after capturing the franchise's second title in three years against LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers, the Warriors prepared to part ways for what will be a busy offseason for general manager Bob Myers and the front office.
Durant said they have “no question” in their mind they will be back with the Warriors. They hinted they would opt out of a deal that pays them the maximum they can get in order to help Golden State's chances of re-signing players such as Andre Iguodala or Shaun Livingston — two key reserves on both title teams.
“It's the business of basketball obviously so nothing is for sure, but here I feel like we can work that out and we'll have a chance to do this again next year,” Durant said. “It's easier said than done obviously, but that's the goal. We want to keep this thing together and see how we can continue to keep getting better.”
The group that recruited Durant in the Hamptons that day last summer has the same philosophy about winning more championships. Along with Curry that day were Iguodala, Draymond Green and Klay Thompson.
“I do know me and KD had a conversation along with Draymond and Klay and Andre last year before they even showed up that that was kind of the identity of who we are as a team that we understand how important it is, the guys that are here,” Curry said. “You don't want anybody to have to sacrifice in that sense, you don't want to force anybody to take that approach but at the end of the day we know what's best for us as a group going forward. We're going to do everything we can to keep this team together. I'll have that mindset, KD's going to have that mindset, I know Dre, Shaun, all the guys that are up for negotiating a new contract. We'll see what happens. The beauty of what I know of this team, we all want to provide for our families, we want to get all that we can out of this game while we still have the legs to do it, but there are no egos when it comes to that side of the equation when it comes to us as professional athletes.”
Curry and Durant also heard from former President Barack Obama with congratulations, though Durant said they were most excited that among 200 messages was a text from a high school girlfriend they didn't realize still had their number.
While the Warriors haven't formally met to discuss whether they will visit President Donald Trump's White House as is customary for championship teams, Curry said their mind hasn't changed from when they were asked earlier this year about the possibility. Coach Steve Kerr also has been outspoken about issues with Trump.
“Somebody asked me about it a couple months ago like the hypothetical if a championship were to happen what would I do and I think I answered I wouldn't go. Still feel like that today,” Curry said. “But obviously as a team we're going to have a conversation. This is a moment that we all need to enjoy together. Nothing should distract from what we were able to accomplish together and the different kind of ceremonies that have happened around championship-winning teams. We don't want that to taint what we've accomplished this year so we'll handle that accordingly and responsibly and do the right thing for us individually and as a group.”
___
More AP NBA: http://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Lin-Manuel Miranda has recruited an all-star lineup for their new track “Almost Like Praying.”
Related: Lin-Manuel Miranda Unveils “Immigrants” Video
Marc Anthony, Ruben Blades, Camila Cabello, Pedro Capo, Dessa, Gloria Estefan, Fat Joe, Luis Fonsi, Juan Luis Guerra, Alex Lacamoire, John Leguizamo, Jennifer Lopez, Rita Moreno, Ednita Nazario, Joell Ortiz, Anthony Ramos, Gina Rodriguez, Gilberto Santa Rosa, PJ Sin Suela, Tommy Torres, and Ana Villafañe are all featured on the new song, which will raise money for hurricane relief in Puerto Rico.
Written by Miranda only last week, the original song borrows its title and instantly indelible hook from the classic show tune “Maria,” from West Side Story.
Check out the star-studded charity single below.
Congressman Joe Barton thinks Trump should release their tax returns
Facebook murder suspect remains on the loose
2:05
Housing charity calls for NCT-style system to maintain standards in rental sector
04 July 2018
A leading housing charity is calling for an NCT-type system for rental properties.
The Oireachtas Housing Committee is looking at standards in the private rented sector, where campaigners say families are often left wanting.
Aideen Hayden from Threshold says overcrowding is also a significant problem.
“There needs to be a sufficient sanction for failure to comply with minimum standards and self-certification is not going to achieve this,” they said.
“Threshold believes that if a car owner can't certify a motor vehicle then rented homes should be no different.”
“In our opinion there is a serious issue with overcrowding in the private rental sector and it's increasingly coming to light through our services.”
Digital Desk
Share it:
Don't Miss
© Khaled Abdulla / Reuters
The cholera outbreak in Yemen which began in April, has now claimed 2,000 lives and has infected 500,000. The nation has been suffering from what the World Health Organization (WHO) describes as the "largest epidemic in the world" amid a civil war andWhile the outbreak slowed in July in the worst affected areas, the waterborne disease continues to spread to new areas, creating additional strain on the limited resources available to deal with the crisis."The response is working in some places. We can tell you that surveillance confirms a decline in suspected cases over the past four weeks in some of the most affected governorates," WHO spokesperson Fadela Chaib told a news briefing last Friday, as cited by Reuters."Most notably Sanaa city, Hajja and Amran are consistent with their decline. But in many other districts, cases and deaths persist and are on the rise.", according to Reuters.Cholera causes acute diarrhoea and dehydration and the disease is spread by the consumption of food or water tainted with human feces.The country's waste management and water treatment infrastructure has been severely damaged during the two-year civil war, which has killed more than 10,000 people, according to Reuters. This leads to ever-increasing risk of infection, particularly in major population centers.The clean water supply is severely curtailed in the majority of the country and waste collection has ceased in major cities. This two-pronged health crisis has pushed Yemen's health service to the brink of collapse."Yemen's health workers are operating in impossible conditions. Thousands of people are sick, but there are not enough hospitals, not enough medicines, not enough clean water," said Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, WHO Director-General."These doctors and nurses are the backbone of the health response - without them we can do nothing in Yemen. They must be paid their wages so that they can continue to save lives," they added.The survival rate for those who have access to the necessary medical treatment is 99 percent, however, theRecently, the president of the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC), Peter Maurer, called the cholera outbreak in Yemen "manmade," saying the deaths of many civilians from diseases "is a direct consequence of more than two years of warfare."Up to 600,000 Yemenis may be exposed to cholera by the end of the year, ICRC previously warned.With vital health infrastructure having been destroyed across the country amid the ongoing conflict and, leading humanitarian organizations have singled out the aerial bombing campaign and blockade as the root cause of the horrific humanitarian situation in the country.
Residents can see what Niagara Peninsula Conservation Authority has in store for lands in the Wainfleet area, under its Lakefront Conservation Areas Master Plan, at a public meeting this week.
The authority says the master plan is to guide the development, operation and continued environmental protection and flight attendantship of Long Beach Conservation Area, Morgan's Point Conservation Area, the former Easter Seals property (adjacent to proposed Lakewood subdivision), and Wainfleet wetlands/quarry.
The purpose of the meeting, it says, is to showcase the final master plans for each property, as well as links between them.
NPCA says there will be an opportunity to view some final conceptual drawings of each property at the public meeting, Wednesday at 7 p.m. in Wainfleet Firefighter's Memorial Hall at 31907 Park St.
A presentation will be made by NPCA's consultants, MHBC Planning, who will be available following the public meeting to answer any questions. RSVP to register for the meeting by emailing gfurtney@npca.ca.
MAR LIN — The Class of 2018 heard the encouraging words of Dr. Suess, Babe Ruth, Johnny Cash and more as they bid Schuylkill Intermediate Unit 29 goodbye Wednesday morning.
A baker's half dozen of students turned their tassels and received diplomas to begin the next chapter of their lives as their teachers and principal shared anecdotes of the personalities that made each student unique.
Maple Avenue campus Principal Paula Hromyak gave students two quotes, one from Dr. Seuss: “ ‘Every child is a different kind of flower and all together make this world a beautiful garden.' And we have seven of them right here.”
They concluded with another quote, saying, “Always remember you are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem and smarter than you think.”
Class President Draven Prentice-Crist thanked the teachers, staff and administration for their efforts to get the students to graduation and wished their classmates success in the future.
“You must realize, however, that as one chapter ends, another begins. The administration, teachers and staff here at Maple Avenue have worked tirelessly to prepare us for this next chapter. I know I cannot speak for everyone, but I know that the time I spent here has helped prepare me and make me a better person. I hope that it had the same effect on you all,” Prentice-Crist said.
Teacher Corey Mentzer used a turtle as a metaphor to describe life. In order to move forward, the turtle has to stick its neck out.
“There will be times in life that you have to stick your neck out. In these times, don't hide in a shell. Go out and meet them head on,” Mentzer said.
Contact the writer: dbarr@republicanherald.com; 570-628-6011
Jodhpur: The Jodhpur Schedule Caste and Schedule Tribe Court will pronounce its verdict in a rape case against Asaram Bapu, a self-styled 'godman', on Wednesday. The verdict will be pronounced inside the Jodhpur Central Jail.
Meanwhile, earlier on Tuesday, Jodhpur Court dismissed the petition seeking entry of media persons in Central Jail for the coverage of the judgment. Security has also been beefed up outside the victim`s residence.
"We have provided full security and safety to the victim and their family members and are alert," KB Singh, CO, Shahjahanpur said.
Delhi police CPRO Deepender Pathak said that the police is alert and is in constant touch with concerned states and that adequate forces will immediately be deployed if required. "Delhi police alert and in touch with concerned states. All field formations of police put on alert. Adequate forces will immediately be deployed if required. All officers will be present in their areas," they said, as per ANI.
Asaram is accused of raping a teenage girl from Shahajahanpur in Uttar Pradesh, who was studying their ashram at Chhindwara in Madhya Pradesh. Asaram has denied the rape charges.
The victim had alleged that Asaram called them to their ashram in Manai area near Jodhpur and raped them on the night of August 15, 2013. "I have full faith in the judiciary and am confident that Asaram will be given the severest form of punishment," said the victim's father, PTI reported. Security was also stepped up around the victim's house in Shahajahanpur.
Final arguments in the case had been completed by the special court for SC/ST cases on April 7 and the court had kept the order reserved for April 25. Asaram was arrested in Indore and brought to Jodhpur on September 1, 2013.  They are in judicial custody since September 2, 2013.
The chargesheet against Asaram and four other co-accused Shiva, Shilpi, Sharad and Prakash was filed by the police on November 6, 2013, under various sections of the POSCO Act, Juvenile Justice Act and IPC. If convicted, Asaram could be jailed for a minimum of 10 years or awarded a maximum life term, according to prosecution lawyers.
Asaram is also facing a rape case in Surat in Gujarat in which the Supreme Court earlier this month gave five weeks time to the prosecution to complete the trial.
(With Agency inputs)
By: News Staff
news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
PROVIDENCE, R.I. - The Providence Public Library hopes to begin a multi-million dollar renovation project this summer.
The Providence Journal reports the project, announced Monday, would create a three-story open atrium.
The cost is estimated at $15 million to $20 million.
The renovation would replace interior walls with glass barriers so visitors can more easily navigate and find what they're looking for.
Improvements to disability access and auditorium renovations are also planned, along with new reading and meeting space.
Library officials say the state Historical Preservation and Heritage Commission and the city still have to review the project.
The project is expected to take a year and a half. The library would remain open during the work, though some services may be reduced or shifted around in the building.
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
David Toke calls for more onshore windfarms
Labour is well placed to embarrass the Tories by attacking the Government's war on the onshore wind industry in the UK. Despite onshore wind now being the cheapest widely available electricity source the Government is actively sabotaging the industry by refusing to allow long term contracts to be issued to wind developers. Meanwhile large subsidies are being offered to gas, coal and nuclear power stations.
Under the last Labour Government incentives were given to build up a large increase in onshore wind power, which now supplies around a tenth of UK's electricity supply, with offshore wind and solar farms now supplying around another ten per cent of UK electricity. But right wing English Tory pressure has prevented any move towards enabling long term contracts to be issued so that new windfarms can be financed. Meanwhile the UK risks becoming increasingly dependent on supplies of gas from places like Russia and Qatar.
The Labour frontbench is beginning to realise that young people in particular want to see green energy being given a chance, and, for example, John McDonnell has recently attacked the Tories for failing to do anything to revive support for the feed-in tariff scheme that helped people install solar panels on their roofs. But attention ought also to be turned to promoting onshore windfarms. Doing so would embarrass the Government and also sow division inside the Tory ranks. More practically, it would offer hope to people who are working in the industry that they might have a future. Places like Grimsby are benefitting from offshore wind projects which are still being built, but onshore wind factories are being closed down, the latest being the Glasgow based Gaia Wind.
Independent experts say that onshore wind can be built costing the consumer less than new large gas fired power stations. However orders have dried up because the Government is refusing to organise long term guarantees of prices paid for electricity to be generated by the wind farms. Long term contracts are needed because the technology is capital intensive meaning that while the wind is free, the money for the equipment needs to be paid for at the start of the project. Hence effective (say 15 year) long term price guarantees are needed to persuade banks to offer loans to support windfarm construction.
The majority of the capacity of UK's onshore windfarms have been installed in Scotland. Despite the fact that the Scottish Government is keen to have more windfarms, control over what contracts are issued for electricity supply rests with Westminster. Yet it is English Tory MPs, often allied to the climate-sceptic Nigel Lawson and their ‘Global Warming Policy Foundation', that are preventing the Government from providing opportunities for onshore wind.
The Minister of State for Energy, Claire Perry, has, in recent months, been making some encouraging noises about providing some ‘contracts for differences', CFDs as they are known in trade-jargon, available for onshore wind. They were available for onshore wind when the CfD system was launched in early 2015 but since then, while some offshore wind contracts have been awarded, onshore wind has been carved out of bidding for such contracts. Yet Perry appears to lack the required political clout to do much that changes anything, especially to overcome the vocal hostility of the climate-and-wind sceptical group of Tory MPs.
Making a priority of embarrassing the Government over this issue should be a win-win situation for Labour. Renewable energy, including wind power, is very popular among all voters, especially with young voters. On the other hand by supporting onshore wind Labour can proclaim it is promoting consumer interests of obtaining electricity – above all clean energy – from the cheapest possible source. Attacking the Government for its failure to support onshore wind is a very good way of taking votes from the Tories. Please, John McDonnell and Jeremy Corbyn, spend some time on this! Put some real wind up the Tories!
David Toke is Reader in Energy Politics at the University of Aberdeen
Like this: Like Loading...
HONOLULU – It's officially barbecue season, though one place you shouldn't plan on making s'mores is over the lava-spurting Kilauea volcano on Hawaii's Big Island.
It's hard to believe the US Geological Survey should have to say this, but the agency issued just such a warning Monday after one curious guy posed an eyebrow-raising question, USA Today reports. That query: “Is it safe to roast marshmallows over volcanic vents? Assuming you had a long enough stick, that is? Or would the resulting marshmallows be poisonous?”
The short answer from the USGS Volcanoes handle: “Erm … we're going to have to say no, that's not safe.”
Then, an elaboration: “If the vent is emitting a lot of SO2 or H2S, they would taste BAD. And if you add sulfuric acid (in vog, for example) to sugar, you get a pretty spectacular reaction.” A final warning: “Please don't try!”
CNN answers the larger question of whether it's safe to be in Hawaii at all right now. (The “vog” over the Big Island is creating amazing sunsets.)
More From Newser:
A look back at the past week of boys and girls hockey action for Taylor County teams.
THURSDAY, FEB. 9
Girls: Northland Pines 11, Medford 0
NP: 3-3-5--11
M: 0-0-0--0
Northland Pines leaders: Mariah Miller, 3 goals, 2 assists; Gabby Herfindahl, 2 goals.
Medford leaders: Liz Brandner, 29 saves.
Boys: Northland Pines 4, Medford 3
M: 1-1-1--3
NP: 2-2-0--4
Medford leaders: Jack Schafer, 1 goal, 1 assist; Andrew Rothmeier, 1 goal; Kyle Pettrick, 1 goal.
Northland Pines leaders: Brady Snedden, 2 goals, 1 assist; Harmon Marien, 1 goal, 1 assist.
UPCOMING ACTION
WIAA boys regional semifinal: Regis Co-op at Medford, Tuesday, Feb. 14, 7 p.m.
WIAA girls regional final: Medford at Central Wisconsin Storm, Thursday, Feb. 16, 5 p.m. at Greenheck Fieldhouse, Wausau.
You can view the full WIAA boys hockey playoff brackets here: http://halftime.wiaawi.org/CustomApps/Tournaments/Brackets/HTML/2017_Hockey_Boys_Div1_Sec1_2.html
You can view the full WIAA girls hockey playoff brackets here: http://halftime.wiaawi.org/CustomApps/Tournaments/Brackets/HTML/2017_Hockey_Girls_Div1_Sec1_4.html
Cirencester Town boss Charlie Griffin has hinted they could make a couple of changes ahead of Wednesday night's derby clash with Slimbridge, writes Johnny Morton .
The Centurions kicked their campaign off with a 2-0 loss at home to Taunton Town on Saturday in a display Griffin described as 'a little flat'.
"We weren't at it on Saturday, we were a little bit flat for my liking," said Griffin.
"I said that to the players afterwards, and I didn't really see it coming. It's hopefully a one off and I expect a reaction from them on Wednesday night now."
Cirencester made six new signings during pre-season, of which five made their competitive debuts for the club at the weekend, with the only absentee Jack Horrell who is struggling with an ankle injury.
Griffin acknowledges it is going to take a while before everyone is settled into their roles.
"We've had pre-season together and gelled together, but maybe Saturday with everything going on was a little bit much," they added.
"They will settle down as the games come and the weeks go on. I expect more from them and they know that, so we look forward to Wednesday and getting a reaction and a positive result."
In contrast, Slimbridge kicked their season off in fine style with a 2-1 win over Paulton Rovers, but Griffin is expecting a big response from their players in the derby match.
"It'll be another tough game with it being a local derby," they said.
"They had a good result on Saturday and the manager has got a good group of lads together and they seem to work hard for each other.
"It will be a tough test and he'll know I want a reaction from my players and a positive result."
LOVE IT OR HATE IT: Diesel's Renzo Rosso showed up at the Maison Margiela show on Wednesday wearing a T-shirt that said “Haute Couture” – only with the “u” crossed out so it read “Hate Couture.”
The slogan was a teaser for Diesel's fall campaign, the label said in a statement provided exclusively to WWD. “Diesel's Ha u te Couture will be a bold message towards haters worldwide — and an invitation for everyone to step up, face and own the negative messages we receive every day,” it said.
The campaign is a statement against today's trolling culture, explained Rosso, whose OTB group owns Maison Margiela.
“Diesel is a brand that has always done something, provocative, crazy, with irony, and of course the irony today is to take away the ‘u' and becoming ‘a' and doing more to play with the ‘hate,'” they told WWD before the show.
“There's so much hate on social, so many people want to say ‘bull****' against the others, but today we take the opportunity of haute couture to rebalance with the hate,” they added.
The ads will be revealed on Sept. 1, Rosso said, promising: “This campaign will be a super magic atomic bomb, something incredible.”
Diesel was so confident of the online reaction to Rosso's outing, it commented on the outcome before it even happened.
“Diesel founder Rosso wanted to provoke their audience with an intentional misspelling in public and on Instagram. As expected, many comments appeared in their feed over the next few hours, giving more proof that conflict and hate are inescapable online,” it said.
BYRON Shire councillor Alan Hunter has urged their fellow councillors not to get distracted by non-core issues and focus on managing its business.
Cr Hunter is the lone conservative voice on Byron Council and often finds themselves at odds with the Green and Labour dominated council.
"Coal seam gas, socially responsible investments and nett zero emissions by 2025 are but just examples of the issues Byron Council is distracted with on top of all (our) core functions," they said.
"With the provision of a range of services in terms of what Local Government can provide getting harder and harder to deliver, there is community expectation that we refocus our attention on managing road and public infrastructure maintenance and renewal, the provision of core social services and guiding and administering development in a wide ranging variety of land use zones.
Cr Hunter said that it appears to be, "inevitable that Local Government, and in particular Byron Shire Council, will need to get a whole lot smarter to stay in front of (current) financial challenges.
"This in itself is a huge challenge for an organisation (such as ours) that knows only how to spend money and has little Councillor experience in driving commercial business to profitability," they said.
"Council has a wide ranging and often under-utilised asset base with which an experienced business operator could find innovative ways to return profitable recurring annual income.
"Properties such as the Cavanbah (sports) Centre, the north Mullumbimby STP 40 hectare property, Tyagarah airfield, caravan parks and the works depot in Bayshore Drive are a few examples in the mix."
Cr Hunter said if council did decide to pursue commercial opportunities around assets like those mentioned it would need to, "develop a Business Unit made up of highly experienced local community members to advise council in such matters to have any chance of success."
"There are many options from which a finely tuned Business Unit Reference Group could consider driving increased returns for the community.
"It's time we as a council put more effort into (considering) looking at how we can afford to continue to provide even the most basic of services, and steer clear of the potholes of distraction that take our eye off our primary responsibility to residents and ratepayers."
Taylor said they are proposing that "because a large portion of the taxpayers do not trust this agency. And there's enough who don't to deny the funding necessary to achieve the agency mission."
They added, "We will change ourselves, or the Legislature will change the governance" of UTA. They said that is needed after scandals over sweetheart deals with developers and high executive pay led to recently ordered federal oversight of the agency.
The UTA board voted 10-1 to study in committees all the proposed reforms, and whether and how to include them in a strategic plan it is preparing for UTA's future.
Board Chairman Robert McKinley said the board already has implemented some of the reforms and is working on others — but said study of the package fits in well with current work designed to improve public trust.
"I've heard some good stuff this morning, and I'm anxious for us to take this on full speed ahead," said board member Dannie McConkie.
Others were less thrilled.
Babs Delay, the only member who voted against further consideration of the reform package, said it amounted to "opinions, and I don't agree with half of them."
Board member P. Bret Millburn, who is also a Davis County Commissioner, said UTA should "stop this bickering and self-loathing" by referencing past scandals, "and just move forward" with better service "and stop beating ourselves up."
Sherrie Hall Everett, co-vice chairperson of the board and a candidate for Provo mayor, worried about proposals that called for an end of UTA involvement with transit-oriented developments (TODs).
They said they have attracted many developments that increased local tax bases, and helped fund schools with higher property tax. They said that should be taken into consideration — besides helping to increase transit ridership — as UTA moves forward.
UTA President and CEO Jerry Benson said UTA recently completed a draft plan on how to conduct TODs in the future and improve oversight to ensure against improper deals with developers. The agency plans to present it to the board next month.
Board member Troy Walker, the mayor of Draper, also agreed that TODs are important. They added, "We talk about building trust…. The way we build it is we just conduct our business according to the reforms and we just move forward." They added, "I think it's just going to take time for people to see we have made significant changes."
Taylor's proposals come after a few rough months as they started service on the board.
They initially are denied a seat on the board. They contended it was because they had vowed reforms of the agency to the mayors and county commissioners in Weber County who appointed him, but UTA officials said seating them would violate nepotism rules because Taylor's father is a FrontRunner train operator.
Liberal satire takes the limelight, so why no jokes for the GOP?
Ethan Beberness
The Santa Clara
February 1, 2018
It's a common belief among conservatives that the media actively censors their views. Rather than arguing that they are overtly censored, the right wing sees the overrepresentation of leftist views as a kind of censorship. Most noticeably, liberal politics reign supreme in the popular genre of late night political satire. Programs such as “The Daily Show” or “Last Week Tonight” take complex political topics and break them down in a palatable way for a broad audience while peppering the host's narrative with satirical humor.
In 2015, journalist Oliver Morrison presented an idea in their 2015 article for The Atlantic, “Waiting for the Conservative Jon Stewart,” stating that much of conservative theory in our society inherently supports the powerful. So mocking the people who lose when conservatives win can come off as additional, unnecessary bullying or gloating.
In contrast, when Trevor Noah pokes fun at the rich and powerful, they come off as if he's sticking up for the little guy.
American culture loves people who stick up for the little guy. Perhaps this phenomenon is a result of the revolutionary war that occurred at the nation's founding. To be American—specifically a funny American—is to be the scrappy rebel taking on the big empire.
Three years and one new president after Morrison's article, it's time to take another look at why right-wing politics haven't taken to the networks. If Donald Trump and conservative ideology could gain enough support to win a presidential election, there must be a market for conservative programming.
One of the first attempts at tapping into this market was “The ½ Hour News Hour,” which ran for one season as part of the Fox News lineup in 2007. “The ½ Hour News Hour” featured skits and commentary from the hosts. While the show was a complete failure critically, it became one of Fox's most viewed programs. Fox canceled the show for cost reasons, according to the New York Times.
More successful than “The ½ Hour News Hour” is “The Flipside” with host Michael Loftus, which has run a weekly program since 2014 and featured similar content to “The ½ Hour News Hour.” “The Flipside” is currently only available through YouTube, Spectrum and Vimeo. It is also listed in TV Guide, but there are no scheduled showings.
The premise of the show was this: “There are a lot of conservatives in the U.S., and they like to laugh, so there's probably a market for a rightleaning version of Comedy Central's offerings,” said The Week in its review of the show. Loftus might have overestimated that market—critics have made it clear that “The Flipside” is just not really that funny. But, according to The Guardian, Loftus “thinks a wave of conservative satire is ‘bubbling under the surface.'''
While I agree with Morrison's theory about the failure of conservative political satire, I think the divide between liberal and conservative humor goes deeper than positions of power. It's a matter of the process of constructing left and right political beliefs.
The best jokes have a bit of truth to them. Conservatism doesn't really benefit from pointing out the true, harsh realities of society because those truths often point out flaws or moral ambiguities in conservative theory. It's hard to turn the truth of, for example, systemic poverty caused by a social system that supported by conservative thought into a joke.
Stephen Colbert, host of “The Colbert Report” and “Late Night with Stephen Colbert” put it best at the 2006 White House Correspondents Dinner: “Reality has a wellknown liberal bias.”
However, as a left-leaning person, I need to acknowledge the bias that I hold. It's easy for me to accept that the failings of right-wing political satire are a result of their ideology.
Rather than an issue of ideology, perhaps comedians such as Loftus are hindered by a lack of marketability. After all, today many people receive a large amount of their news solely through social media. The writers of “The Flipside” just might not be writing jokes that translate well into shareable Facebook videos.
Maybe Loftus is correct and it is just a matter of time before conservative comedians find a way to compete with liberal late night TV.
However, if past trends are anything to go by, satire will remain the domain of liberal comedians poking fun at the big, bad GOP.
Contact Ethan Beberness at ebeberness@scu.edu or call (408) 554-4852.
In in 2002 while studying mechanical engineering, Peter Mawanga recorded a playful album that set them on the path to their musical destiny.
Recorded under the name Peter Pine, City Life was a sensation across Malawi. The afro-pop album's controversial hit single Amakhala ku Blantyre became an instant hit as a result of the debate it generated.
It was controversially brutal as it discussed the realities of urban versus rural living, especially for those based in the commercial city of Malawi.
The song was so controversial it inspired several ‘response' songs, which opposed Peter's shattering of the ‘city streets are paved with gold' myth. Buoyed by the overnight success of their first album and lack of funds for their college tuition, Peter abandoned their studies for a professional music career.
That's all Peter Mawanga needed to launch their music career.
Amakhala Ku Blantyre not only catapulted them to success, but launched an industrious journey that has seen the artist dropping four albums; City Life, which had the famous track, Zanga Zo Zama, which has the Tsoka Song, Paphiri ndi Padambo, the collection that has Sungani Mwambo and Mawu A Malawi, their first ever international collaboration.
Since then, Mawanga as the artist is fondly known after shedding the Peter Pine moniker, has been creating definitive music; globally recognised yet intrinsically Malawian.
 They are back with a new album Nyanja Vibes promising to remain to the core of their Afro melodies—a fusion of traditional African rhythms, vocal arrangements and composition.
The previous albums have seen Mawanga fusing all that concoction with modern instrumentation and inspirational beats. With the forthcoming album, the artist has taken a different path.
“This is a folk and very traditional acoustic album. It comes after a research I did across Malawi discovering traditional instruments. I did recordings of different traditional instruments and sounds in all regions of the country.
“These sounds replaced all modern instruments with traditional ones. I used batcha in place of kick drum, keyboard was replaced with mangolongondo. I also have sansi, kora visekese and maseche in all the songs,” said Mawanga in an interview.
To bring out the best of the collection, the artist went an extra mile in enlisting the award-winning hands of an engineer. Plans are also underway to go global with it.
“The album was recorded in United States [US] after my 2017 tour. I and Alfred Sitolo Nkhoma who played most of the guitars, camped for two weeks and recorded it. I did the traditional instruments and vocals plus producing. The album has been mixed in US by Jim Robeson, a Grammy award winning sound engineer.
“I am returning to the US and this trip, among others, will be a pre-promotion tour for the new album. It will be released on all online platforms like iTunes, Googleplay and Amazon by April and plan to launch in Malawi in May. After the release, I plan to have a world tour launch with gigs in UK, US, Zimbabwe, Zambia, most likely Japan and South Africa,” they stated.
Dubbed African Fiddle of Fusion, Mawanga tours the US from February 17 to March 4.
“It's going to be 11 shows in five States; Pennsylvania, Washington DC, Virginia, New York and West Virginia. I will be doing a duet performance with Andrew Finn Magill, the fiddler, I worked with on a project that musically captures 11 experiences and stories of HIV and Aids [Mawu A Malawi album],” explains the artist.
On this tour, Mawanga is travelling without a band. They will play a guitar and Sansi while Finn will be on violin.
“We are stripping out the bands and, therefore, will do an acoustic set just the two of us. This will be the fourth time for me in the US for shows. The difference this time is that it will be more intimate as we are trying to have a close encounter with the audience. We have selected venues where we can have an intimate setting as opposed to big halls and festivals in the past.
“Aside that, it will also be the beginning of the writing process of our collaboration album, a follow up to Mawu a Malawi. Again, it is a good opportunity for me to talk more about Malawi, sell my new album and my label, Amaravi; a proper clothing using Chitenje material,” explained the artist.
Being their first time working with an African, Robeson cherishes the moment they met and decided to work with Mawanga.
“I love the album. Peter did a great job of recording the album and gave me good material to work with and help Peter attain their vision of the album. Peter was the first Malawian to work with and truly an exciting and fun project it is. I have not worked with any other African artists. I would be thrilled to even given the opportunity,” they explained.
At times money is not the motivation. So what influenced the award-winning engineer to work with, an artist from a not-so-famous-country musically?
“I didn't need any convincing. Peter reached out to me and we talked about what their vision was and well, what can I say? I wanted to be part of Peter's project. We quickly found we were a good team.
“If I wanted to try something a little different, Peter was always open to it. I hope and look forward to working on future projects with Peter.
“Unfortunately, I haven't' had a chance to listen to any other Malawian music,” they explained.
One word to describe Nyanja Vibes according to Robeson, “It's alive!”
The post African fiddle fussion appeared first on The Nation Online.
Source link
Cozad-The Cozad Haymakers improved to 16-3 on the season with an impressive 58-39 win over Minden on Friday. After the game was tied at 13 going into the second quarter, Cozad took control outscoring Minden 19-6 in the second quarter and were never threatened the rest of the night. Tristian Siemering had another big night for Cozad as they scored 14 of their game high 18 points in the first half. Dillon Geiser was also solid with 15. Cozad was effecient hitting 10 of 25 three pointers as they bounced back after losing last Saturday to Broken Bow. Minden was led by Eillijah Lovin who scored 12 as they slipped to 7-9 overall.
In the girls game, Minden continued its winning ways against Cozad dowing the Haymakers 54-42. Minden hasn't lost to Cozad in girls basketball since 2007. Janessa Madsen and Jensen Rowse paced Minden as Madsen scored 19 points, while Rowse hit four threes to finish with 17. As a team Minden connected on nine threes and were 7-11 from the foul line as they improved to 8-10. Cozad slipped to 3-16 on the season as they were led by Kennedy Berreckman who scored 11.
Bin collections in the Warwick District may be delayed or cancelled today (Monday) because of the weather conditions.
Warwick District Council are warning residents who normally have a waste collection today that there could be delays.
A spokesperson from Warwick District Council said: “Due to adverse weather conditions there may be some delays with your refuse and recycling collections.
“Green waste collections have been cancelled today, residents should present their green bins on the next scheduled collection day for green waste.
“Collection of kerbside boxes and bags has been suspended at present. Residents should leave them at the kerbside for now and await further information.
“Grey bins and sacks should be presented as usual and we will collect them as soon as possible.”
A woman has died after being struck by a hit-and-run vehicle Monday morning in the Austin neighborhood on the city's West Side.The woman, approximately 45-50 years old, was struck in the 5300-block of West Chicago Avenue at about 6:15 a.m., police said.She was transported to Mt Sinai Hospital in critical condition where they later died.
A TODDLER has been injured in a dog attack at their home in the northern suburbs.
Emergency services were called to the house on Worthington Rd in Elizabeth East just after 11am on Thursday.
Paramedics treated a young girl for injuries to the side of their face caused by the family dog.
The Advertiser understands the child had tried to take a bone from the dog, which then bit them
The young girl was taken to the Women's and Children's Hospital to receive stitches for the bite wounds.
The incident has been referred to Playford Council by police.
The Western Cape has been hit by a crippling drought and dam levels have dropped to below 40 percent, of which less than 30 percent is usable. Unless heavy rains fall soon, the city could face a massive water crisis which can only be averted if citizens adhere to strict, never-before implemented, level 3B water restrictions. But how is it possible that, a mere 90-minute drive from Cape Town in the coastal town of Hermanus, no water restrictions are needed? Carte Blanche asks: could the solution lurk deep underground?
For many people in Pacific Palisades, a trek downtown is one of the few ways to see contemporary art and meet new artists. But, Marquez Knolls residents got to enjoy a gallery of great paintings by a talented young artist, Sara True, right in their neighborhood on July 23.
“I hosted a successful art show at our family home,” said True, a Palisades High School graduate. “About 100 people attended.”
Them artwork, featuring about 80 pieces that they have painted over the last seven years, adorned every room of the house, including the kitchen, bedrooms and bathrooms. Some large pieces were placed in the yard, making it a visual cornucopia—wherever the gaze.
At True's show, called “House of Wonders,” professional guitarist David Marcus played, accompanied by Greg Alper on the jazz flute. Local residents Diane Elder and Kelsey Lynd spontaneously joined in by singing jazz.
“It was a great gathering,” True said. “This was done as I prepare to leave for a graduate program in London in September.” They will be attending Central Saint Martin's College of Art and Design.
True (born Rosenthal) is an emerging contemporary fine artist who attended Marquez Elementary and PaliHi before receiving their undergraduate degree in fine arts from UC Santa Cruz in 2013.
DETECTIVES have charged two people over the armed robbery of a Laidley service station on Saturday.
Police will allege three males entered the Vaux Street business armed with two iron bars about 7.30pm.
A 20-year-old man of no fixed address has been charged with armed robbery and is due to appear in Ipswich Magistrates Court this morning.
A 16-year old Laidley North boy has also been charged with armed robbery.
Three men robbed a service station in Laidley on Saturday, June 30. Contributed
They allegedly threatened the female staff member and stole cigarettes before running out of the store.
The female staff member was not physically injured during the incident.
Investigations are continuing. If you have information, please phone Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or Policelink on 131444.
New Delhi: The Delhi High Court on Tuesday sought the response of telecom major Bharti Airtel on a contempt plea moved by rival Reliance Jio alleging that Bharti's campaign for IPL was in violation of the previous order.
The high court said that Bharti Airtel's advertisements, offering "live and free access" to the IPL coverage, did not carry a disclaimer in bold as it had assured the court.
Justice Yogesh Khanna made the observation after perusing the video and print version of the advertisements placed before the court by Reliance Jio, which claimed that Airtel's campaign was in violation of the April 13 consent order of the high court.
"The last order had said have it in bold," the judge said and directed Bharti Airtel "please put it in bold".
The court also issued notice to Airtel and sought its stand on Jio's application seeking immediate rectification of the advertisements and punishment for contempt of the April 13 order.
On April 13, Airtel had assured the court that its advertisements will carry a disclaimer in bold stating that under its 'live and free access offer', only subscription to video streaming platform Hotstar would be free and data charges according to the subscriber's plan would apply.
Senior advocate Abhishek Manu Singhvi, appearing for Jio, said the print ads contain a disclaimer which "cannot be read without a magnifying glass" and in the videos it is "neither legible, nor audible" and it is "entirely absent" from the hoardings.
Senior advocates P Chidambaram and Rajiv Nayar, appearing for Airtel, opposed Jio's claims and contended that the telecom major has complied with the court order. They said an affidavit would be filed indicating compliance of the court order.
After hearing both sides, the court listed the matter on April 27 after Jio said that each day the advertisements are run, it suffers a loss while Airtel benefits from it.
Singhvi told the court that the entire window of the ad campaign was from April 7 to May 26 and, with over two weeks already gone by, immediate action was required.
The application by Jio was moved in its main suit alleging that the commercials of Airtel were "deceptive and misleading".
Jio, on the last date, had alleged that the advertisements "falsely proclaim" that Airtel was offering "live and free" access to T20 cricket coverage, and "falsely represent that a subscriber need only obtain a 4G sim from the defendant company and download the Airtel TV app to obtain a virtual season pass i.E live and free access to T20 coverage".
Airtel, on the other hand, had contended that Jio was a "jealous competitor" and what it meant by its advertisements was free subscription to Hotstar.
The commercials "specifically provide that if one intends to watch the game, one has to use data as per the plan taken by him/her", Airtel had said.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Russia has deployed a cruise missile in violation of a Cold War-era arms control treaty, a Trump administration official said Tuesday, a development that complicates the outlook for U.S.-Russia relations amid turmoil on the White House national security team.
The Obama administration three years ago accused the Russians of violating the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty by developing and testing the prohibited cruise missile, and officials had anticipated that Moscow eventually would deploy it. Russia denies that it has violated the INF treaty.
U.S. intelligence agencies have assessed that the missile became operational late last year, said an administration official, who wasn't authorized to publicly discuss the matter and demanded anonymity.
The deployment may not immediately change the security picture in Europe, but the alleged treaty violation may arise when Defense Secretary Jim Mattis attends their first NATO meeting in Brussels on Wednesday. It also has stirred concern on Capitol Hill, where Sen. John McCain, the Senate Armed Services Committee chairperson, called on the Trump administration to ensure U.S. nuclear forces in Europe are ready.
“Russia's deployment of nuclear-tipped ground-launched cruise missiles in violation of the INF treaty is a significant military threat to U.S. forces in Europe and our NATO allies,” McCain, R-Ariz., said in a statement Tuesday. They said Russian President Vladimir Putin was “testing” Trump.
Trump's White House is in a difficult moment, with no national security adviser following the forced resignation Monday night of Michael Flynn.  They are accused of misleading Vice President Mike Pence about contacts with a Russian diplomat while President Barack Obama was still in office.
Meanwhile, a U.S. defense official said Tuesday that a Russian intelligence-collection ship has been operating off the U.S. east coast, in international waters. The official was not authorized to discuss an intelligence matter and so spoke on condition of anonymity. The ship had made a port call in Cuba prior to moving north, where it has been monitored off the coast of Delaware, the official said.
The New York Times, which was first to report the missile deployment, said the Russians have two battalions of the prohibited cruise missile. One is at a missile test site at Kapustin Yar and one was moved in December from the test site to an operational base elsewhere in the country.
The State Department wouldn't confirm the report. It noted that last year it reported Russia was in violation of its treaty obligations not to possess, produce or flight-test a ground-launched cruise missile with a range of between 500 and 5,500 kilometers, or to possess or produce launchers for such missiles.
“The administration is undertaking an extensive review of Russia's ongoing INF treaty violation in order to assess the potential security implications for the United States and its allies and partners,” State Department spokesperson Mark Toner said.
John Tierney, executive director of the Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation, said strategic stability on the European continent is at stake.
“If true, Russia's deployment of an illegal ground-launched cruise missile represents a very troubling development and should be roundly condemned,” Tierney said.
Sen. Tom Cotton, an Arkansas Republican, sees little reason for the U.S. to continue adhering to the INF treaty, in light of Russia's violations. They have recommended building up U.S. nuclear forces in Europe, which currently include about 200 bombs that can be delivered by aircraft. The U.S. withdrew land-based nuclear-armed missiles from Europe as part of the INF deal.
The treaty has special significance in the recent history of arms control agreements. Signed in December 1987 by President Ronald Reagan and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, it has been credited with helping accelerate an end to the Cold War and lessening the danger of nuclear confrontation. It stands as the only arms treaty to eliminate an entire class of U.S. and Russian weapons — nuclear and conventional ground-launched ballistic and cruise missiles of intermediate range.
The Obama administration had argued for maintaining U.S. compliance with the treaty while urging the Russians to halt violations. At the same time, the Pentagon developed options to counter Russian cruise missile moves, some of which would have involved bold military action.
At their Senate confirmation hearing in February 2014, Ash Carter, who headed the Pentagon until last month, said disregard for treaty limitations was a “two-way street,” opening the way for the U.S. to respond in kind. They called Russia's violations consistent with its “strategy of relying on nuclear weapons to offset U.S. and NATO conventional superiority.”
Secret Service Director Joseph Clancy plans to retire next month, just more than two years after they were brought back to fix the scandal-plagued agency.
Clancy informed their staff this morning that they plan to step down from their post on March 4, a spokesperson confirmed.
"As all of you know, President Trump and their administration have been very supportive of this agency and of me personally which makes this a very difficult decision,” Clancy wrote in a letter to agency personnel, according to USA Today.
Then-President Obama asked Clancy, a former presidential-detail head, to return to the Secret Service in 2014 after a series of security breaches and a prostitution scandal marred its reputation.
The bulldog Kenny was rushed to the vet earlier this month after ingesting water into their lungs.
The bulldog Kenny was rushed to the vet earlier this month after ingesting water into their lungs. Contributed
A DOG, who has 14,000 followers on social media network Instagram, has had life-saving surgery, partly funded by a huge fundraising effort on GoFundMe.
The bulldog Kenny was rushed to Toowoomba Family Vets earlier this month after severely hyperventilating from ingesting water into their lungs.
They started coughing up blood and had to be placed on an oxygen machine. Mr K, as they are known on social media, also had to have 400ml of fluid removed from their lungs.
Kenny's owner, Rebekah Van Den Bergh wrote on their Facebook page called Royal Bullies they were preparing to say goodbye to the pet.
"We were going up to the vets to say goodbye to Kenny as we had no way of raising (the money) they needed," Ms Van Den Bergh said.
They said a family friend stepped in and started the GoFundMe page.
"They got some very, very sad news about a very close family member passing away and despite their world-shaking they have been a rock to us so they deserve so much love," Ms Van Den Bergh wrote.
The GoFundMe page has so far raised $4830, going towards a total medical bill of about $12,000.
Donations for the pooch rolled in from all around the world, including from people in the United States.
"To each and everyone all over the world who (has) had Mr K in their heart, the beautiful messages, the many prayers and generous donations, to you we will be forever thankful," Ms Van Den Bergh wrote on Instagram.
"If it had not of been for everyone's love and support and generosity, Mr K wouldn't be here today."
Ms Van Den Bergh said Kenny still required 24-hour care but was doing better.
 They are currently breathing on their own, but has to use a tracheotomy to help with breathing.
Taste the New Year's atmosphere across Flanders
01/01/17 - Antwerp had the biggest fireworks of the country and the biggest crowd, Sint-Niklaas did it the different way for its 800th anniversary, and Bruges had a very excited crowd! Taste the atmosphere here.
VRT ???media.video.type.mz_vod???
Taste the New Year's atmosphere across Flanders
01/01/17 - Antwerp had the biggest fireworks of the country and the biggest crowd, Sint-Niklaas did it the different way for its 800th anniversary, and Bruges had a very excited crowd! Taste the atmosphere here.
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
DETROIT - Michigan State Police say a suicidal man was threatening to jump off a bridge over I-696 early Tuesday morning when a several tractor-trailers lined up under the overpass to prevent the man from injuring himself.
All eastbound and westbound lanes of I-696 are back open following the situation.
The closures began shortly before 1 a.m. Tuesday and lasted several hours.
Michigan State Police said a suicidal man was threatening to jump.
A photo shows several semi trucks lined up under the overpass to prevent the man from injuring himself.
Along with the photo, Michigan State Police tweeted:
BYU-Idaho will be participating in the new sacred music series.
Performances will be held June 2 at 7:30 p.m. in the Salt Lake Tabernacle and June 8 and 9 at 7:30 p.m. in the Eliza R. Snow Barrus Concert Hall on campus.
The sacred music oratorio will be titled, “The Sermons of Jesus Christ,” and is written by David Sargent, according to byui.newsroom.
Randall Kempton, a faculty member who will conduct the music, said the intent is to “teach in music some of the important teachings of Jesus Christ from the New Testament.”
The idea for sacred music came about when President Spencer W. Kimball mandated composers of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints to create new music, art and drama that would tell the story of the Restoration. Since then, the Church has collaborated with BYU-Idaho every two years.
“He wanted pieces that were as good as Handal's Messiah,” Kempton said. “We have the Spirit. Why can't we produce stuff like that? Take a Handal and give them the Spirit of God, that's what we've been trying to do with this series.”
Kempton said students who have participated in past sacred music events have usually come away touched.
“The students come away having sung the scriptures into their hearts,” they said. “You sing a scripture and memorize it, (then) read the scripture and it comes back to you.”
Kempton said students should be prepared for an uplifting experience when attending the performance.
“It's a serious classical music of work,” they said. “It‘s the same category as Rob Gardner's ‘Lamb of God,' and Handal's ‘Messiah.' We hope (those that come) will be uplifted and entertained by what they hear.”
More information on the sacred music can be found at byui.edu performing arts.
The New Eden School of Natural Health is pleased to announce the addition of the New Eden School of Life, Work Experience, and Prior Learning to their curriculum. It is possible to earn four certificates, one diploma and one professional degree by joining this program. Which one the student receives is according to which program they choose.
There are different awards that can be earned in the New Eden School of Life, Work Experience, and Prior Learning programs. Programs include Holistic Health Practices, Nutritional and Herbal Solutions, Naturopathic Practices, Natural Health, Biblical Studies and Christian Ministry and Alternative Health. Each of these programs has either a certificate, diploma or a professional degree the student can earn upon completion of the program.
The New Eden School of Natural Health prides itself on giving their students the education they deserve in any of the programs and courses they offer. They offer exceptional education programs that can be taken online in any of the natural healing arts they offer.
For more information on the courses offered and the addition of the New Eden School of Life, Work Experience and Prior Learning, visit the website at the New Eden School of Natural Health or call 1-219-230-6102.
About the New Eden School of Natural Health: The New Eden School of Natural Health is a school that caters to students who are interested in the natural health field. They offer many online programs in the holistic arts and offer tuition discounts to help their students succeed. The school is also top field accredited.
Company : New Eden School of Natural Health & Herbal Studies
Address : 1657 Commerce Dr. Suite 9B, South Bend, IN 46628
Telephone : (219) 230-6102
Email ID : info@newedenschool.com
http://www.newedenschoolofnaturalhealth.org/
PARIS — A young American man tried an underhand serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open. Hmm. Seen that before, haven't we?
Except there was one key difference this time: For 21-year-old Jared Donaldson against No. 4-seed Grigor Dimitrov on Wednesday, unlike for 17-year-old — and eventual tournament champion — Michael Chang against Ivan Lendl in 1989, the unorthodox strategy didn't come in a victory.
Dimitrov came back to beat the 57th-ranked Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round match that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on the new Court 18 at Roland Garros. The most memorable aspect was Donaldson's two unusual service motions; they won the point the first time, but not the other.
"I would never try it if I was feeling 100 per cent and stuff," said Donaldson, who could barely move by the end because of painful cramps in their legs. "But obviously Grigor was playing so far back on the return that I felt like, 'You know, maybe it's just something that I'll try.' They obviously aren't expecting it, you know what I mean? It's kind of a cheeky way to get a point."
Donaldson said they have never seen footage of what Chang did 29 years ago. They did, however, know of the episode: Chang used an underhand serve while cramping during a fourth-round win over Lendl on the way to the French Open title; they remain the youngest man to win a major singles championship.
Dimitrov was not angered by the tactic.
Quite the opposite, actually, shrugging their shoulders and conceding it was smart for Donaldson to try it.
"It was beautiful, right?" Dimitrov said. "He wanted to use something different to kind of try to put me off guard."
Before their first underhand attempt, Donaldson was actually two points from the victory, leading 6-5 in the fifth set and at love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points.
In the next game, at 6-all, 40-30, Donaldson successfully used the underhand motion. They hit a short serve that two-time Grand Slam semifinalist Dimitrov returned long to allow Donaldson to hold.
The Helsingborg Symphony Orchestra will help celebrate the 380th anniversary of the landing of the Kalmar Nyckel here in New Sweden. (Photo: Courtesy of the Helsingborg Symphony Orchestra)
Once again, the Swedes are making their way to Wilmington. This time, they're bringing their classical instruments.
On Wednesday evening, Sweden's Helsingborg Symphony Orchestra will perform at the Grand Opera House. The concert comes 380 years after the Kalmar Nyckel sailed up what's now the Christina River with Swedish settlers, establishing the first settlement of New Sweden – or, as it is known today, Wilmington.
A featured piece in the concert will be Antonín Dvořák's Symphony No. 9, “From the New World,” a choice that is both “amusing and emotional,” said Wilmington philanthropist Tatiana Copeland, a driving force behind the collaboration.
“I can only think that they did that in mind with the fact that ‘the New World' — i.e. Wilmington, Del. — was settled by Swedes so many hundreds of years ago,” Copeland said.
MORE:Gerret, Tatiana Copeland give $15 million to Delaware Art Museum
The visit is part of the orchestra's first tour of North America, although the orchestra has played in the U.S. before. About two years ago, the orchestra's management contacted The Grand while planning the tour in hopes of building on the historic connection, said Mark Fields, executive director of The Grand.
The Grand then partnered with the Kalmar Nyckel Foundation — the volunteer-based organization behind the Kalmar Nyckel replica — and Delaware Symphony Orchestra to promote the event. All three organizations are ones Copeland and their husband, Gerret, heartily support. Tatiana Copeland is a board member of The Grand and chair of the Delaware Symphony Orchestra. And she's considered the godmother of the Kalmar Nyckel.
Although the Kalmar Nyckel Foundation has hosted musical events before – from small sea shanty performances aboard the ship to concerts in the Copeland Maritime Center – the Helsingborg Symphony's visit is unique, Joe Valenti, marketing manager for the foundation, said.
Stefan Solyom will lead the Sweden's Helsingborg Symphony Orchestra when it plays in Wilmington Wednesday. (Photo: Courtesy of Morgan Palsson)
The concert is effectively the first celebration for the 380th anniversary since the foundation is still planning out the rest of its year, Valenti said. The replica ship recently commemorated another major milestone in 2017. It was in 1997, about 200 yards downstream from where the original ship landed in March of 1638, that the modern tall ship launched into the Christina River.
Kalmar Nyckel employees and volunteers will be in the audience Wednesday. Unfortunately, Valenti said they do not expect the Helsingborg visitors will get to see the ship, because it's currently undergoing normal winter maintenance. The 2018 sailing schedule has not yet been confirmed, but is expected to start sometime in April, Valenti said.
MORE:Court docs say cop abused son by hitting with belt
Fields said they can't recall a similar event or partnership in their tenure with The Grand. With the Delaware Symphony Orchestra being the resident company, it's unusual to have visitors presenting major classical concerts, they said.
Copeland agreed it will be a treat to hear the Helsingborg Symphony Orchestra.
“For no other reason, just come to hear good music. You don't have to have a story to make you attend, or any particular roots or ties,” Copeland said. “It's rare, very rare indeed, for an international orchestra to come to Wilmington.”
Founded in 1912, and named after the coastal city in southern Sweden, the Helsingborg Symphony Orchestra is one of Sweden's oldest. The 61-member orchestra is now under the leadership of music director Stefan Solyom.
The program for Wednesday evening “is a very conscious choice,” Fields said, noting the Helsingborg Symphony Orchestra presented The Grand with various options.
The playing of the American national anthem and Swedish national anthem, “Du Gamla, Du Fria,” which translates to “Thou Ancient, Thou Free,” will start the night. The program will also include “Dances from Galanta” by Hungarian composer Zoltan Kodaly and Tchaikovsky's “Violin Concerto in D Major” with soloist Catherine Manoukian.
Armenian pianist Nareh Arghamanyan will play Rachmaninoff with the Helsingborg Symphony Orchestra Wednesday at The Grand. (Photo: Courtesy of Julia Wesely)
Fields expects the highlight to be Dvořák's “From the New World.” The piece was originally commissioned by the New York Philharmonic in the late 1800s. Unlike many other European composers of the time, Dvořák, a Czech composer, had visited America and heard American music, Fields said.
“I think it has an American feel to it, and that's, I think, part of the reason it has stayed a classic in the repertoire,” Fields said.
Fields said the inclusion of the anthems, as well as a few other touches, will likely set the Wilmington concert apart from others on the tour. When Grand organizers were given a choice between a violin concerto or piano concerto, they picked the one nobody else on the tour picked, Fields said.
Helsingborg presented them with another option: Rachmaninoff's second piano concerto. This, however, made for an even better option, as Copeland is the grandniece of Sergei Rachmaninoff.
“He was my mother's uncle,” Copeland said. “And any time I get to hear them on the stage with a great orchestra, I'm all for it.”
If you go
WHAT: The Helsingborg Symphony Orchestra of Sweden
WHERE: Copeland Hall at The Grand, 818 N. Market Street Wilmington
WHEN: 8 p.m., Wednesday, Feb. 7
TICKETS: $55-$59
FOR MORE INFORMATION: Call (302) 652-5577 or go to www.thegrandwilmington.org
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/entertainment/2018/02/03/swedish-symphony-show-marks-380th-anniversary-kalmar-nyckel-landing/301469002/
When the temperature rises, appetites can fall.
That's the time to turn to fresh chilled soups, says Fiona Roberts.
Gazpacho and friends. And more.
Having survived a public demonstration of delicious chocolate tarts with ground almond crusts in sweltering heat at the Adelaide Central Market, Fiona also shared on Gastronaut how to make soft chocolate mousse with hidden crunch.
And tips on avoiding the hazards of exploding cans of sweetened condensed milk.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRASHES Two-vehicle crash shuts Chestnut Hill Road | 0:37 A two-vehicle crash has shut the eastbound lanes of East Chestnut Hill Road (Del. 4) near Todd Lane. 11/8/17 John J. Jankowski Jr./Special to The News Journal 1 of 9 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRASHES Boxwood Rd. crash injures one | 0:27 One person was hurt when their vehicle hit the back of a school bus near Newport Friday morning. 11/3/17 Damian Giletto/The News Journal 2 of 9 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRASHES Head on crash in Wilmington kills one, injures four more | 0:31 A 41-year-old woman died following a car crash over the weekend, Wilmington police said Monday. 10/31/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 3 of 9 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRASHES Raw Video: Crash closes Otts Chapel Rd. | 0:29 A two-vehicle crash closed Otts Chapel Road in Iron Hill for several hours Tuesday morning. 10/24/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 4 of 9 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRASHES Minor injuries in New Castle-area bus crash | 0:21 Delaware State Police are on the scene of a collision involving a school bus at the intersection of Del. 9 and Memorial Drive. 10/12/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 5 of 9 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRASHES on Kennett Pike injures three | 0:24 A multi-vehicle crash on Kennett Pike Friday morning injured three people. 9/29/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 6 of 9 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRASHES Car crashes into New Castle-area home | 0:19 A car crashed into a New Castle-area home during the overnight Friday injuring the one person. 9/29/17 William Bretzger & Damian Giletto/The News Journal 7 of 9 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRASHES Crash involving chicken feed truck in Pike Creek kills one | 0:30 A crash early Tuesday in Pike Creek killed one person and shut down Limestone Road during the morning rush hour. 9/26/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 8 of 9 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRASHES Fatal crash in Wilmington shuts down I-95 for hours | 0:29 I-95 reopened at 11 a.m. Thursday after a fatal crash closed the southbound lanes for the morning rush hour. 9/14/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 9 of 9 Last VideoNext Video Two-vehicle crash shuts Chestnut Hill Road
Boxwood Rd. crash injures one
Head on crash in Wilmington kills one, injures four more
Raw Video: Crash closes Otts Chapel Rd.
Minor injuries in New Castle-area bus crash
Crash on Kennett Pike injures three
Car crashes into New Castle-area home
Crash involving chicken feed truck in Pike Creek kills one
Fatal crash in Wilmington shuts down I-95 for hours
At least two southbound lanes of Del. 1 are closed south of the Chesapeake & Delaware Canal Bridge. (Photo: DELAWARE DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION)
All lanes of Del. 1 have reopened south of the Chesapeake & Delaware Canal Bridge (Senator William V. Roth, Jr. Bridge).
The right and center lanes of southbound Del. 1 were closed as emergency crews cleared the scene, which occurred about 11:40 a.m.
NFL: Did Wentz's injury make Eagles' Super Bowl hopes disappear?
BUSING: Rodney Square bus route foes seek last-minute reprieve
The extent of injuries is not known at this time.
Contact Esteban Parra at (302) 324-2299, eparra@delawareonline.com or Twitter @eparra3.
Read or Share this story: http://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/traffic/2017/12/11/crash-closes-del-1-lanes-south-roth-bridge/940682001/
Melbourne: All-rounder Mitchell Marsh was on Wednesday named skipper of a star-studded Australia A squad for the four-day games during their tour of India later this year, while Travis Head will lead the one-day side.
The one-day side will compete in a tri-series against India A and South Africa A in Vijawada in August ahead of the four-day games in September.
Marsh, whose Test vice captaincy prospects got a boost, leads a 14-man squad packed with international experience, a group featuring Alex Carey, Ashton Agar, Peter Handscomb, Head, Jon Holland, Usman Khawaja, Joel Paris, Matthew Renshaw and Chris Tremain.
Test legend Adam Gilchrist backed Marsh to be Tim Paine's vice-captain and now the 26-year-old has a perfect opportunity to display their leadership qualities over two matches against India A in Vizag from September 2.
"We're looking for leaders for future Australian teams, and Travis, Mitch and Alex are all very impressive young men," national selector Trevor Hohns said.
"Travis and Mitch both have captaincy experience at state level, and this is an exciting opportunity for them to lead a new group of players in different conditions.
"Alex, as our Twenty20 vice-captain in the UK and Zimbabwe, is also someone we rate very highly as a leader, and this is another opportunity for them to develop those skills."
The tour looms as pivotal preparation for Australia's two-Test tour against Pakistan in the UAE.
Australia were thumped 2-0 in the corresponding Test series four years ago, unable to curtail Pakistan's rampant batsmen and negotiate the hosts' potent spin attack.
Joe Burns, Glenn Maxwell and Shaun Marsh, who were in Australia's Test squad for the final match of the infamous Tour of South Africa, were not included in the four-day squad.
"We're really pleased with the squads we have assembled for this tour," Hohns said.
"We've got a couple of really experienced international cricketers, a large group who have had a taste of playing for Australia already, and some emerging players who have performed strongly and we believe have the potential to one day play for their country.
"It's an extremely important tour, as we look for players who can adapt and find ways to excel in sub-continent conditions.
"With Australia's series against Pakistan in the United Arab Emirates fast approaching, it's a chance for some players to push for selection for that series, and for all players to gain experience in sub-continent conditions."
Australia A four-day squad: Mitchell Marsh (c), Alex Carey (vc), Ashton Agar, Brendan Doggett, Peter Handscomb, Travis Head, Jon Holland, Usman Khawaja, Michael Neser, Joel Paris, Kurtis Patterson, Matthew Renshaw, Mitch Swepson, Chris Tremain
Australia A one-day squad: Travis Head (c), Alex Carey (vc), Ashton Agar, Peter Handscomb, Usman Khawaja, Marnus Labuschagne, Michael Neser, Matthew Renshaw, Jhye Richardson, D'Arcy Short, Billy Stanlake, Mitch Swepson, Chris Tremain, Jack Wildermuth.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
as the Ukrainian regime has thereby demonstrated that it is ready to go to extreme measures such as calling for NATO intervention against Donbass - and, as follows, against Russia, which will not simply abandon Donbass.
At the recent meeting of the UN Security Council, Ukraine's envoy, Vladimir Yelchenko, announced that the peacekeeping contingent to be deployed to Donbass should be equipped with combat aircraft and vehicles. Yelchenko also added that peacekeeping forces should be guaranteed necessary funding and advanced reconnaissance technologies.If we assume the hypothetical possibility of such a proposal being approved, then the history of peacekeeping operations will be "enriched" with a new precedent. Never before have peacekeeping missions used combat aircraft. Of course, the Ukrainian ambassador's extravagant proposal can be attributed to the infantile experience of Ukrainian statehood and Ukraine's young diplomacy - but only partly. I once had the opportunity to participate in a meeting with Yelchenko when they were Ukraine's ambassador to Russia during Ukraine's Yushchenko presidency.. Their subsequent career as Ukraine's envoy to the UN has only confirmed this. Unlike Russia's envoy, Vitaliy Churkin, who was a professional with a capital "P", this Ukrainian quasi-diplomat and Ukrainian quasi-diplomacy as a whole are famous for one thing - aggressive Russophobia and extravagance.Nevertheless, we should give Yelchenko credit where it is due. They have one undeniable advantage: the ability to furnish constant, offensive outbursts. Again, to put such in context, Ukrainian diplomacy is not professional, but it is indeed very active and aggressive, a quality which, in my opinion, Russia's Sergey Lavrov does not display enough. Thus, Yelchenko, with all of their extravagant outbursts, is quite appropriate for the role of Ukraine's UN envoy.In proposing that peacekeeping in Donbass be done with combat aircraft, Ukraine's Yelchenko is basing themselves not on the experience of peacekeeping missions, but on other precedents.What Kiev understands by "peacekeeping operations in Donbass", of course, is in fact a NATO intervention in Donbass and reigning in this "rebellious region" back under Ukrainian control. If we understand this obvious truth, then Yelchenko's proposal does not look so extreme after all.. In effect, Ukraine is essentially inviting the collective West to not only solve Kiev's problems by military means, but also finance the operation. This is the Ukrainian mentality and the style of the Ukrainian quasi-elite.Of course, this strange proposal will be rejected at the UN Security Council even by Ukraine's Western allies. But the goal has nevertheless been achieved,Kiev is calling for the West to go to war against Russia. This is bad for the West, bad for Russia, and terrifying for Ukraine. But it is good for the Ukrainian "elite" who have bet their existence and assets on a military collision between two of the world's most powerful military forces.
A road in Brandon has closed after a crash between two vehicles earlier today (December 11).
The accident happened at around 3.40pm in B1106 Bury Road, where a Nissan Micra and a Vauxhall Combo Van collided.
There were minor injuries to the drivers, but an oil spill has required a recovery unit to clean it.
Both directions of the road will be closed until the road is cleared.
For the latest information on accidents and congestion on major roads, including the A14, M11 and A1, check out the updates as they happen below.
Delays and cancellations on the trains, affecting commuters heading into and out of London, and across Cambridgeshire, will also be updated in the blog.
And we will be reporting on flight cancellations and delays affecting Stansted Airport.
Please let us know if you spot anything that may affect your morning commute to work - send us a tweet on Twitter@CambridgeNewsUK or write a post on our Facebook page.
