In a new Super Bowl ad, Matt Damon makes a bold promise: Buy a limited-edition Stella Artois chalice and your money will help give a clean water supply to someone in the developing world for five years.
The ad, called "Taps," reminds viewers that water is something we take for granted. Around the world, 844 million people do not even have a basic service providing water to their homes, according to the World Health Organization.
"If just 1 percent of you watching this buys [a chalice], we can give clean water to 1 million people," says Damon in the ad. (That's based on typical viewership for Super Bowl ads: in the 111 million neighborhood.)
The 30-second spot was purchased by Stella Artois (estimated price tag: $5 million). It's part of an ongoing partnership between the beer giant and Damon's nonprofit group, Water.org, whose mission is to provide access to clean water and sanitation in the developing world.
This year, there are three chalices available for sale on Amazon for $13, with $3 in proceeds from each purchase going to Damon's charity. The beer glasses are imprinted with designs by artists from India, Mexico and the Philippines, countries where Water.org currently works.
So what exactly does that $3 buy? Can it really bring clean water to one person for half a decade? Skepticism surfaced on Twitter.
Even water specialists weren't clear on how the numbers were calculated.
To learn more, we interviewed researchers and spokespeople for Water.org
What does Water.org do?
Despite its name, Water.org doesn't actually provide water to people in the developing world. So your $3 won't go directly toward, say, the delivery of jugs of water or the building of a well.
To fulfill its mission, the nonprofit has set up a custom microlending system called WaterCredit. The group partners with financial institutions in developing countries to lend people small amounts of money so they can pay to get water. That might mean buying a faucet and hiring a contractor to tap into water supplies or buying containers to catch rainwater.
Giving people that kind of choice is a good thing, says Annie Feighery, a co-founder of mWater, a digital platform that water nonprofits use to measure the impact of their work. The group has worked with Water.org for four years.
For a long time, charities would try to fix a community's water problem by digging wells and then leaving, they say. But the wells would often malfunction and become contaminated within a year, and they cost a lot to maintain. Today, wells are seen as an "old-fashioned approach that we now call the dig-and-ditch model," they say.
Although in some cases, wells are still a reasonable option. Families who live miles away from a clean drinking water source can take out a loan to pay for the construction of a deep borehole well, which siphons clean water deep in the ground, or a large container to catch and store rainwater. According to the World Health Organization, harvesting rainwater generally provides good quality water.
Is $3 enough to cover those kinds of expenses?
Not exactly.
When someone buys the chalice from Stella Artois, $3 does indeed go to Water.org.
According to Water.org's calculations, that $3 equals five years of clean water for one person in the developing world. To come up with that number, the group counted up the number of people it helped get water from 2014 to 2016 — roughly 3.3 million — and then divided that figure by the sum of the group's organizational costs in the same time period: $42 million. (The data is available in the charity's financial statements on their website.)
And the answer is: $12.50 to give one person access to water.
In this formula, the infrastructure for their water would last about 20 years. Based on these calculations, the $3 from the Stella Artois chalice, says Water.org, would provide five years of clean water.
But that doesn't mean the loans are only $3.
In fact, the average loan taken out by a borrower from local financial institutions, in partnership with Water.org, is about $300.
According to Water.org, 99 percent of the borrowers pay it back. To date, the group says they have given out 2.2 million loans. When people repay the loan, the money gets lent out to others in the community, creating a multiplier effect, says Julie LaGuardia, a spokesperson for Water.org.
"Sometimes in marketing efforts one needs to over-simplify to make reasonable promises to donors, retailers and investors," says John Oldfield, a principal at the Washington, D.C.-based advocacy group Global Water 2020. "But it's a good appropriate claim for the start of the conversation around clean water."
Asked about the discrepancy between the $3 and the $300 figures, Melanie Mendrys, a spokesperson from Water.org, says, "I don't consider that a discrepancy. I know that the $3 does in fact help a woman or a family get access to the money needed to get water or a toilet."
They do not think the ad is misleading. "It's an opportunity for people to learn more and once they do they get really excited," they say. "We just reached ten million people who received water or sanitation from our efforts. We know what we're doing is working and we're excited to reach more."
And specialists do think the loan is a good approach.
"What's novel about WaterCredit is that the loan is being provided for a home improvement," says Jenna Davis, an associate professor in the department of civil and environmental engineering at Stanford University's Center for Innovation in Global Health, who has looked at the evidence around the Water.org's business model.
A tap or some containers to catch rainwater doesn't sound like much, but it can have a significant impact for low-income families. "In many parts of the developing world, people were paying more for water in a month, for example, buying bottled water, than would be needed to pay a regular monthly bill if they had a piped connection," says Davis. Research has shown that for low-income households, the obstacle to installing the hardware or other connections is the cost, they say.
Wouldn't it be more efficient if Stella Artois just gave a few million to Water.org instead of buying a Super Bowl ad?
That was another question raised on Twitter: Why couldn't Stella just have forked over the money to Water.org?
"It's important to remember that this is a Stella ad just as much, if not more, than a Water.org ad," says Jason Wojciechowski, creative director of Corelab, an agency that runs digital campaigns for nonprofits like Oxfam, Save the Children and Global Witness.
Wojciechowski doubts that a Game Day ad alone would rake in a "ton of money" for the charity. The group would need to combine it with aggressive fundraising and social media campaign efforts over a long period of time.
But they do think the ad will provide another service to the Super Bowl audience: planting the seed that change is possible. "Showing people that they have agency, responsibility and a role to play," they say. "The idea that there's something people can do to end the water crisis."
Bloomberg News President Donald Trump is sending U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin to Beijing next week.
President Donald Trump said they were sending a delegation of their top economic advisers to Beijing next week to try to settle trade disputes that have upset U.S.-China relations and rattled markets world-wide.
“I think we've got a very good chance of making a deal,” said Trump, who called China's leader Xi Jinping “a friend of mine,” but noted that there remained significant obstacles to a deal. “They trade with us,” the president said. “We can't trade with them.”
The members of the U.S. team will include Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, National Economic Council director Larry Kudlow and White House trade adviser Peter Navarro. Trump didn't say specifically when next week the trip would occur, but a person familiar with the discussions said they team is likely to be in Beijing around May 3 and May 4.
An expanded version of this story is available at WSJ.com.
Popular on WSJ.com:
Amazon to start offering in-car deliveries
How to dress like a billionaire
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Scientists have developed a method for removing more than 99 percent of bisphenol A (also known as BPA) from water quickly and cheaply.
BPA, a ubiquitous and dangerous chemical used in the manufacturing of many plastics, is found in water sources around the world.
…BPA can be found in products from DVDs and eyeglass lenses to cash register receipts—and people and wildlife are regularly exposed.
In a new paper, which appears in Green Chemistry, chemist Terrence J. Collins and their research team also compiled evidence of BPA's presence in a multitude of products and water sources, as well as the chemical's toxicity.
The research team builds a strong case for the need to effectively remediate BPA-contaminated water, especially industrial waste streams and landfill runoff, and they offer a simple solution.
BPA is a chemical used primarily in the production of polycarbonate plastic and epoxy resins. Its use is widespread—BPA can be found in products from DVDs and eyeglass lenses to cash register receipts—and people and wildlife are regularly exposed.
BPA is dangerous because it mimics estrogen, a naturally occurring hormone, and can affect the body's endocrine system. Studies in fish, mammals, and human cells have shown that BPA adversely affects brain and nervous system development, growth, and metabolism, and the reproductive system.
Concerns over BPA's health effects prompted manufacturers to start making BPA-free products like baby bottles and water bottles starting in 2010. Many BPA replacements also have similar toxicity to BPA itself.
“BPA replacements have often not been adequately tested despite the fact that testing is easy to do,” says Collins, a professor of green chemistry at Carnegie Mellon University. Collins says environmental health scientists and green chemists developed a methodology called the Tiered Protocol for Endocrine Disruption (TiPED) for identifying endocrine disruptors to the highest levels of contemporary science, which was published in Green Chemistry in 2013.
With more than 15 billion pounds of BPA being produced annually, BPA contamination and cleanup present a significant challenge.
“There is no escape from BPA—for any living creature,” Collins says. “The massive global use of BPA burdens an already overstrained water treatment infrastructure and most BPA water releases simply never reach a water treatment facility. Our approach has high potential to be a much better remediation strategy for BPA-contaminated waste streams.”
BPA-contaminated water such as industrial waste or landfill runoff may or may not be treated before being released into the environment or to wastewater treatment plants.
Collins' team offers a simple, effective, and cheap cleanup solution. Their system involves a group of catalysts called TAML activators, small molecules that mimic oxidizing enzymes. When combined with hydrogen peroxide, TAML activators very effectively break down harmful chemicals in water.
In the paper, the researchers demonstrate the efficacy and safety of TAML activators in breaking down BPA. Adding TAMLs and hydrogen peroxide to water heavily contaminated with BPA resulted in a 99 percent reduction of BPA within 30 minutes at near neutral pH, which is the pH norm for wastewater treatment.
TAML treatment at this pH caused BPA to assemble into larger units called oligomers, which clump together and precipitate out of the water. According to Collins, the oligomers could be filtered and disposed of in a BPA water treatment facility.
Most importantly, extensive studies by Collins and their collaborators found the oligomers are themselves not harmful. The nature of the bonds that stick the BPA molecules together doesn't allow the oligomers to revert to BPA.
To ensure the safety of the decontaminated water, including the oligomers, the researchers tested it with TiPED assays. They found the TAML-treated BPA water did not show estrogen activity or cause abnormalities in yeast and developing zebrafish embryos.
The researchers also tested the efficacy of TAML treatment on BPA-laden water at a pH of 11. At this higher pH, there was a greater than 99.9 percent reduction in BPA within 15 minutes. In contrast with pH 8.5 treatment, the BPA molecules were destroyed, and no oligomers were detected.
“Because TAML/hydrogen peroxide treatment eliminates BPA from water so easily at concentrations that are similar to a variety of waste streams including paper plant processing solutions and landfill leachate, assuming the lab studies transfer to the real world, we can now offer a new and simple procedure for reducing BPA exposures worldwide,” Collins says.
Additional authors of the study are from Carnegie Mellon; Oregon State University; and the University of Auckland.
Carnegie Mellon, the University of Auckland, the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation, Carnegie Mellon's Steinbrenner Institute for Environmental Education and Research, the Heinz Endowments, and the National Science Foundation supported the research and the researchers.
Source: Carnegie Mellon University
University of Virginia players and coaches wake up this morning still reeling from an embarrassing — and historic — loss over the weekend. Head Coach Tony Bennett says it's the risk you take when you step into the arena. UVA became the first number-one seed to ever fall to a 16-seed in the NCAA tournament, losing to University of Maryland-Baltimore County in a 20-point rout. More from WLNI's Evan Jones:
03-19 UVA Loss Wrap-WLNI
Family sues Facebook, Google, Twitter over dad's death in terror attack The family of a California man killed in the Barcelona terror attack filed a lawsuit Wednesday against Google, Facebook and Twitter, alleging the tech giants played a role in “aiding,...
Suspect arrested in connection to Barcelona terror attack MADRID — A man was arrested Friday for alleged links to the extremist cell in last month's attacks in Barcelona and a nearby town that killed 16 people, Spain's Interior...
Spain denies claim US warned of Barcelona attack MADRID — Regional authorities in Catalonia deny news reports that U.S. anti-terrorism officials warned them of a planned attack in Barcelona, but admit receiving tips of possible attacks from other...
Death toll rises in Barcelona terrorist attack The death toll in the Barcelona terrorist attack rose to 14 on Sunday when a tourist died from injuries they sustained in the Aug. 17 rampage. “This morning, a 51-year-old...
Barcelona terrorists visited convenience store before attack Three jihadists who were shot dead in a resort town after last week's attack in Barcelona were caught on video nonchalantly shopping at a convenience store on the day of...
Suspected Spain terror mastermind avoided deportation in 2014 A radical Muslim cleric who masterminded two terror attacks in Spain last week narrowly dodged deportation following a drug-smuggling bust there — by crying that their removal would violate his...
ISIS terror cell member: Barcelona attack was supposed to be bigger One of the members of a Islamic State terror cell that mowed down pedestrians in two vehicle attacks in Spain last week admitted in court on Tuesday that the group...
Spanish swimmer forfeits race to honor Barcelona victims Before the Masters World Championships swim meet in Budapest last weekend, 71-year-old Spanish swimmer Fernando Alvarez asked officials for a moment of silence to honor the victims of last Thursday's...
Police shoot Barcelona van attacker wearing an explosive belt The terrorist who killed 13 people by plowing a van along a tourist thoroughfare in Barcelona was fatally gunned down by cops Monday as they wore a fake explosives belt...
A South Carolina woman who spent two months chained inside a large metal container says their captor raped them daily and bragged that they were good at killing, claiming that their victims tallied nearly 100.
Kala Brown says they did what they had to do to survive.
"He told me as long as I served my purpose, I was safe," Brown told Phillip McGraw, the host of the television show "Dr. Phil."
It was the first time they have talked publicly since their Nov. 3 rescue, which authorities say helped them solve seven killings in the area dating back 13 years. Police said Todd Kohlhepp, a real estate agent with their own firm until their arrest, killed Brown's boyfriend, a couple who had been missing nearly a year and four people at a motorcycle shop in 2003.
Brown said they and their boyfriend had gone to Kohlhepp's rural property Aug. 31 to help them clear some underbrush. She'd cleaned houses for them previously to prepare them for sale. After the couple followed them to a two-story garage on the 95-acre property in Spartanburg County, Kohlhepp handed them hedge clippers and bottles of water. They said they needed to get something inside and came out shooting, Brown said.
They shot Charles Carver three times in the chest, they said. They gagged Brown and handcuffed their ankles and wrists. Kohlhepp took them to a "pitch black," 30-foot-long storage container nearby, chained them by the neck in a back corner and raped her, they said.
They "let me know that if I tried to run, he'd kill me. If I tried to hurt him, he'd kill me. If I fought back, they would kill me. And then they raped me," Brown said in episodes that aired this week. "He would rape me twice a day, every day."
The days evolved into a pattern, they said.
They took them to the garage twice a day, where they ate, used the bathroom and was allowed to bathe every other day using a washcloth and a small plastic bowl of water. But they were never unchained, they said.
"He would put more chains on before they took other chains off," they said.
Kohlhepp, 45, faces murder, kidnapping and weapons charges.  They are not charged with sexual assault. Spokesmen for the sheriff and prosecutor declined to address the rape allegations or whether more charges are forthcoming. Their attorney did not return messages.
The Associated Press normally does not identify victims of sexual assault but is naming Brown after they publicly identified herself.
The day after their rescue, investigators found Carver's body in a shallow grave on Kohlhepp's property. Brought to the site in handcuffs, Kohlhepp showed authorities the graves of the couple missing since December 2015. Kohlhepp told Brown they held that woman captive, too, before killing them
Police said Kohlhepp acknowledged the grisly 2003 cold case after authorities granted them several requests, including letting them speak to their mother.
Brown said Kohlhepp told them they killed Carver because "it was easier to control someone if you took someone they loved."
They thought Kohlhepp was infatuated with them and didn't want to kill her, even saying they would let them go and give their money "if they ever got old and sick," they said. They explained Stockholm syndrome, in which a hostage starts feeling sympathetic toward their captor, and said "it would kick in and we'd be happy together."
They twice let them see parts of the property beyond the garage and container, including once chained to a four-wheeler.
"I had been in a dark, small, enclosed space and couldn't move more than a few feet. I was thrilled to be outdoors," they said.
When Brown heard people talking outside the container the morning of Nov. 3, they panicked, thinking maybe they had brought someone else. When they realized help had come, "I started screaming and hitting the walls," they said.
"I knew my family would never stop looking, but they were so careful, I couldn't see how I could be found so soon. I was scared it really wasn't happening," they said. "And when they finally got the door open and I saw the police uniforms, I was relieved."
ROSEVILLE, CA--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - InnerScope Advertising Agency, Inc., ( OTCQB : INND) a provider of advertising, marketing, design and consulting services to hearing aid dispensaries, announced an update to its business expansion efforts. INND has enrolled 9 new clients, representing 37 locations since January 1, 2017. The potential revenue per client is $4,500 per month, comprised of the Company's advertising services as well as monthly consulting services. The Founders of InnerScope have unique knowledge gained when for over three decades they ran and operated a very successful hearing aid retail chain of 20 locations. The retail chain generated over $1.4 million in sales per month at its peak. This is 2X to 3X the industry average per location.
Matthew Moore, CEO of INND states, "Our pipeline of prospects to utilize our full range of services is growing daily as we continue to on-board clients. InnerScope offers much more than just marketing and advertising to the client. We offer FULL Business Consulting to the practice, so the practice can maximize their location performance."
About InnerScope Advertising Agency, Inc.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Two-thirds of babies born at only 23 or 24 weeks were ready for kindergarten on time, researchers found.
Unexpectedly, nearly two percent of them even achieved gifted status in school. While these extremely premature babies often score low on standardized tests, preterm infants born 25 weeks or later performed only slightly lower than full-term infants. In fact, as the length of pregnancy increased after 28 weeks, the differences in test scores were negligible.
“Most infants born at 23 to 24 weeks still demonstrate a high degree of cognitive functioning at the start of kindergarten and throughout school.”
“What excites me about this study is that it changes the focus for the clinician and families at the bedside from just focusing on the medical outcomes of the child to what the future educational outcomes might be for a child born early,” says Craig Garfield, associate professor of pediatrics and of medical social sciences at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine. Garfield is first author of the paper in JAMA Pediatrics.
The longitudinal study analyzed more than 1.3 million babies born in Florida from 1992 to 2002 with gestational ages of 23 to 41 weeks who later entered Florida public schools between 1995 and 2012. The scientists matched the babies' vital statistic records with their Florida public school records to examine the association between being born early and educational performance.
“Many studies look at premature babies but very few of them look at their educational outcomes into middle school in such a large population,” says Garfield.
“While some people might be troubled that very premature infants tend to score well below their full-term peers on standardized tests, I believe that the glass is more than half-full,” says senior author David Figlio, director of the Institute for Policy Research. “Most infants born at 23 to 24 weeks still demonstrate a high degree of cognitive functioning at the start of kindergarten and throughout school.”
Conventional wisdom is that “extreme prematurity is very deleterious to educational accomplishment,” says Jeffrey Roth, research professor emeritus in the University of Florida department of pediatrics' division of neonatology.
“That said, the fact that two thirds of these kids showed up ready to start school is very reassuring. When physicians talk with parents about the prospects for their newborn infant, they can say that some very premature babies do brilliantly. That's comforting to both parents and physicians.”
While the study's data is strong, it doesn't account for some of these infants' medical issues related to preterm birth or provide information about why these children performed well in school, such as their biological make-up or if they received extra support from family or schools, Garfield says.
Nevertheless, most babies born prematurely ended up performing reasonably well on standardized tests through middle school.
“Our future work in this area will focus on what parents and service providers can do to help future premature children to achieve their full potential.”
The National Science Foundation, the US Department of Education, the Smith Richardson Foundation, and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, through the National Center for the Analysis of Longitudinal Data in Education Research, funded the work.
Source: Northwestern University
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
By Michael Hale
Toulouse Olympique 14-6 Hull KR
TOULOUSE OLYMPIQUE ended table-toppers Hull Kingstone Rovers' unbeaten start to the Championship.
Kuni Minga went over for the opening try after just four minutes before Mark Kheirallah's conversion and a penalty goal gave the hosts an 8-0 half time lead.
Andrew Heffernan cut the deficit after the break with Zach Cockar-Clay's conversion making it a two-point game.
But Toulouse held out and even finished with a flurry as Rhys Curran went over for the contest-ending score four minutes from time before Kheirallah made it three kicks from three with the conversion.
The French side are now four points adrift of today's visitors.
A full roundup of today's Super League and Championship action will be available in Monday's League Express.
TOULOUSE: Kheirallah, Maurel, Ader, Marguerite, Minga, Ford, Robin, Boyer, Marion, Canet, Planas, Curran, A. Bentley. Subs: K. Bentley, Mika, Leha, Hepi.
ROVERS: Cockayne, Shaw, Butler-Flemming, Heffernan, Oakes, Abdull, Dockar-Clay, Clark, Milton, Johnson, Clarkson, Lawler, Cator. Subs: Jubb, Moran, Carney, Wardill.
Celebrating 15 years of making music together, Emily Smith and Jamie McClennan's anniversary tour showcases a big new sound for the duo.
Appearing at Eastgate Theatre, Peebles, on Friday, June 16, the pair will perform newly written songs paired with selected favourites.
With Emily's beautiful voice and the couple's sumptuous harmonies layered over sizzling double guitars, fiddle and accordion, it promises to be a memorable night.
Show starts at 7.30pm. Tickets £14 from www.eastgatearts.com.
It takes a lot of confidence to be LeBron James. It goes beyond just skill, size and athleticism — they think he'll never lose at anything.
No, really, anything.
Former NBA forward Drew Gooden was a guest on ESPN's Highly Questionable on Wednesday, and when it came time for Papi to ask Gooden about their favorite LeBron story, the 14-year pro didn't disappoint.
They thought back to their time with the Cavaliers and remembered when a young LeBron told their teammates on a turbulent flight that they could survive a crash by jumping out the plane with pillows stuffed in their jacket.
Gooden said:
“LeBron once told us they could survive a plane crash. So, we're on the plane talking, and turbulence is going on. He's like, ‘I honestly think I could survive if this plane goes down. I think I could survive the plane crash.' And I was like, ‘Yo, what you mean? What you gonna do? You gonna jump out?' They said, ‘Yes, that's exactly what I'm going to do. But before I jump out …' They start taking all the pillows and the covers out of the overheads and they start stuffing them in their shirt and in their suit and all in their neck. And they said they were going stuff themselves with the pillows and the blankets and then jump out of the plane and survive. “And when I thought about it, I thought it was the dumbest thing I've ever heard. But it was actually smart. Hey, but you know what, I can't put anything past the guy anymore. So who knows? They might be able to survive a plane crash.”
Oh, man. That's amazing.
But let's be clear, LeBron is awesome. He's a once-in-a-generation athlete, but no, jumping out of a plane with pillows would not be the best strategy for surviving a plane crash. That may actually be the worst strategy.
Luckily, LeBron never had to resort to such drastic measures.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Military Humvees, officers in combat gear and the occasional F-16 flying over downtown Minneapolis are all part of the beefed up security measures that come with hosting the Super Bowl. But those images can be scary for some immigrants and refugees who are worried about terrorism, deportation or even a war they can't forget.
A special team with the city of Minneapolis has been working for weeks to reassure immigrant communities that all the extra muscle is here to keep them safe.
The team is reaching out through radio and television broadcasts, social media and in-person meetings with elders and community members. The goal is to keep communities informed about everything from security to transportation issues, and let them know they can also participate in the fun.
“It's a welcoming place … for people to come downtown and enjoy,” said Michael Yang, a southeast Asian community specialist with the city. “You shouldn't have to fear anything.”
Minnesota has been a welcoming state for immigrants over the last several decades, thanks in part to its social service programs. The state is home to the largest Somali community in the U.S., roughly 57,000 people according to the latest census figures, most of whom live in the Minneapolis area. The state also has the second-highest Hmong population, behind California.
The team of community specialists in Minneapolis does outreach in immigrant communities all year, but is working with more partners and intensifying efforts in the lead-up to the Super Bowl. Officials believe they have created a model for future Super Bowls or other large events. Among other things, the team is broadcasting weekly radio programs in Spanish, Somali and Hmong and is contracting with others to share social media messages in Spanish, Hmong, Somali, Vietnamese, Oromo and Lao.
The messages are being tailored to each community because while one community might believe armed guards are preventing a terror attack, another might see those same officers as an immigration raid.
“Every community has their own take on the event and their own fears and concerns and we address them by giving them the right information, telling them what's going on,” said Rose Lindsay with the community relations unit in the Joint Information Center set up for the Super Bowl.
Yang said that even though Hmong immigrants have been in Minnesota for decades, images of the war they left behind are still fresh. Some people he's met tell them that the armed officers remind them of the military taking over the streets of Laos. Others expressed concern about helicopters or other aircraft flying overhead, saying it reminds them of enemy aircraft.
“With some members of the Hmong community, people are really fearful that there is war,” they said.
The Hmong have also expressed fear of a terrorist attack or hate crimes, and weeks ago elders were asking families to stay away from the Super Bowl activities. Yang said their work has helped ease fears. Other team members agree.
Abdirashid Ahmed, an East African community specialist, is working to explain the Super Bowl to community leaders, faith leaders and other community members. In addition to face-to-face meetings, he's also monitoring social media to see what the community is talking about.
After a car caught fire in a Somali neighborhood this week, many community members went to social media and asked if there was a terror attack. Ahmed said because of the infrastructure that's been set up, officials were able to respond within minutes to let the community know it was a mechanical fire and they had nothing to worry about.
When asked if there is fear of racial profiling in a community where some members have been the subject of terror investigations, Ahmed said there is always that concern because of the current climate. But as far as it relates to the Super Bowl, “people are not asking the same kinds of questions they were asking me a month or two months ago.”
“We have been explaining everything,” Ahmed said. “The law enforcement agencies coming to Minneapolis … they will be here to protect everyone, not to harm.”
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Tom Brady has never lost in Minnesota, with their latest game in the land of lakes this weekend at the Super Bowl of course looming as the largest yet.
Well, long before all this football success, Brady actually endured a couple of memorable failures in the state. They came during those treasured visits to their family's farm outside the tiny town of Browerville.
First, there was their grandfather's dog, Tippy. Little Tommy ignored the advice of their elders one day and decided to feed Tippy a bone.
“I bent down to give them a kiss, and they bit through my lip,” Brady said. “That was pretty rough.”
Then there was their ill-fated debut with chewing tobacco, which they persuaded their uncles to let them sample during the half-hour ride back to the farm from their fishing expedition on the lake.
“They said, ‘Look, if we give it to you, you can't spit it out until you get home,' Of course they give it to me, and within five minutes I'm outside of the car, throwing up all over the place,” Brady said. “And I don't think I've had much chewing tobacco since then.”
Brady spent plenty more time in central Minnesota as they aged into a star quarterback and eventually one of the most famous people on the planet. They still make a priority to visit in the offseasons with their wife and children, trying to continue a tradition they reflected upon fondly and often during news conferences this week.
“I've come here my entire life since I was a baby. I've been coming to Minnesota in summers and winters. I loved the experience. I loved the life here,” Brady said. “Some of my greatest memories as a kid were coming here and milking cows with my grandpa; hanging out in their silos and in the haystack above their barn; going out to where they would pasteurize the milk and pull the cream off the top of the milk in the morning; and shooting their (.22-caliber rifle) at targets in the backyard, and catching sunfish with my uncles. It was great. I love being here. It's a great state. Obviously, I love the people. Being that my mom's from here, I'm proud of that.”
Galynn Johnson was the middle child between two boys, the 1961 homecoming queen at Browerville High School who moved to California and met Tom Brady, who would later add senior to their name when a certain five-time Super Bowl winner was born. The couple returned to Todd County, where the prairie meets the forest a little less than a 2½-hour drive northwest of downtown Minneapolis, in 1969 for their wedding.
Brady and the Patriots will play the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday, when several family members will be in attendance at U.S. Bank Stadium.
“These tickets are pretty tough to come by,” Brady said. “But I'm trying my best to accommodate everyone. It is very special.”
The group will include Paul Johnson, who at age 50 is 10 years older than their quarterback cousin. He's an entrepreneur who has stayed around their whole life. After CBS announcer Jim Nantz mentioned Browerville to Brady during New England's AFC championship celebration, Johnson has been the subject of a barrage of media coverage that's highly unusual for a quiet burg of 793 people.
“It's fun. I wouldn't want to be a celebrity, I know that,” Johnson said, conducting an interview with The Associated Press from their ice-fishing shack on one of the region's bounty of frozen lakes, with the clinking of their propane tank audible in the background. “We're just so proud of him.”
The Johnsons of Browerville quickly became Patriots fans after Brady was drafted in 2000, veering away from the home-state Vikings.
“We clearly remember the game where Drew Bledsoe got hurt,” Johnson said, “and the rest is history.”
Johnson's 22-year-old son, Benton, is a University of St. Thomas senior in St. Paul who was fortunate enough to get on the ticket list for Sunday, too. This will be their first in-person Super Bowl, but they and their 25-year-old sister, Kenley, have been lifelong fans of the Patriots.
“It was probably the coolest thing on earth to say that Tom Brady was your cousin,” said Benton, who always carried photo evidence of their relation to disprove any doubting peers at school.
Even for young Benton, visits to Browerville from the Brady clan made a major impression.
“It was always like, ‘Mom, when are they coming?'” Benton said. “I always told my parents I would move to California because I just loved seeing them and the stories they would tell.”
Brady's mother underwent breast cancer treatments in 2016 and made a stirring appearance on the field this season before New England's game against the Atlanta Falcons . Brady has beamed this week every time he's spoken about their family, proudly reporting that their mom remains cancer free.
“My parents mean everything to me,” Brady said. “They've been here by my side every step of the way.”
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
GitHub is opening up its developer program to developers who do not have paid accounts.
The popular code-sharing service is looking to attract the open source community with the move. "That means if your free account was holding you back, you can join the program no matter which stage of development you're in,” said Jared Jones, GitHub Developer Program manager.
Launched in 2014, the GitHub Developer Program has featured a community of 17,000 programmers primarily developing software by using the GitHub API. Opening access to developers without paid accounts could dramatically expand that membership number, GitHub's Joe Wadcan, head of business development, acknowledged.
The intent of the program is to encourage developers to integrate with GitHub and improve developer workflow, Wadcan said. Participants receive advance notice on API changes and are invited to events. The program also provides services such as licenses to build and test applications against the GitHub Enterprise iteration of the platform.
Along with expanding access to the program, GitHub is introducing participation levels, all of which are accessible free of charge. The first level, for organizations or member applications with one to 499 users, provides tools to learn about GitHub's API and access the service's integrator community. ("Member applications" refers to applications built by individual users who are not part of a large team or organization.)
Level 2 is for organizations with 500 to 999 persons or member applications with that amount. It offers all the benefits of Level 1 plus GitHub.com credits and network discounts.
Level 3 is for organizations or member applications with 1,000 or more users, and features all the benefits of the first two levels plus member spotlights, including retweets or preferred placement on GitHub digital platforms. Consulting services for scaling also are featured as part of the third level.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Getty
As the New England Patriots prepare to play their sixth Super Bowl in eight years, the action is pouring in on the underdog.
After the Patriots opened as 6.5-point favorites two weeks ago, multiple sportsbooks are reporting massive wagers on the Eagles. The action on Philadelphia has been so crazy, that the spread is down to four points at 5Dimes and 4.5 on BetOnline.
Even in the opening days of action, the money was pouring in for the Eagles. Between Tom Brady's hand and Rob Gronkowski's concussion, the Eagles are a healthier bet despite missing Carson Wentz. Even as Gronk's status for SB52 was confirmed this week, bookmakers continued to report large wagers on Philadelphia.
As of Saturday morning, there are four confirmed wagers on Philadelphia in excess of $1 million. On Friday, a bettor at William Hill wagered $1 million on Eagles +155, which would net them over 1.5 million for winning.
Last year, only one bet of $1 million or higher on Super Bowl 51 was reported in Las Vegas.
There are big wagers, but the public also seems to be betting the Eagles heavy. At the end of the week, Caesars Palace sportsbooks reported that over 60 percent of spread bets and nearly 70 percent of all wagers were on the Eagles. Those numbers were even higher at William Hill.
The action is there, but that doesn't mean people aren't betting on the Patriots.
Largest bet on Patriots so far @MGMRaceSports : "Mid-six figures money line." — David Payne Purdum (@DavidPurdum) February 1, 2018
Then there's the story of Bettor X, who has resurfaced after a sizzling run during the World Series. Their identity is unknown, but they made consecutive winning six-figure bets on the World Series in October. David Purdum at ESPN have now confirmed the same person has made multiple six-figure bets on the Eagles across Vegas. Those wagers include one million dollars on the Eagles money line (+155) at William Hill.
Last year, a record $138.4 million was wagered on the Super Bowl in Las Vegas. That record is expected to be broken this year, but it will only be a fraction of the estimated $4.76 billion expected to be wagered on the game worldwide.
The Eagles don't have many injuries heading into the Super Bowl, but a sickness has been spreading throughout the team. Multiple players are battling flu-like symptoms, including Nelson Agholor, who received IV treatment Saturday morning. Several Eagles defenders also missed media availability with illnesses, but there should be no late scratches for Sunday.
Sickness or not, it's hard betting against Tom Brady. As good as the Eagles defense has been at times, there's no defense for the most experienced Super Bowl quarterback of this generation. Tom Brady has over 2,000 passing yards in Super Bowls alone, and has thrown at least 50 passes in consecutive Super Bowl appearances.
We'll take a closer look at the matchups tomorrow, as well as make our official predictions.
Watch Scrum V highlights as Wales begin their Under-20s Six Nations with a bonus-point win over Scotland.
Advisory: Available to UK users only.
Fed up with your Amazon packages being taken off your doorstep? Now you can get them delivered to your trunk. Amazon has launched “In-Car delivery” for millions of Prime members with certain vehicles who take advantage of Amazon Key.
Amazon Key has been giving Prime members the option to have their packages left inside their home since last October, but many don't feel comfortable allowing delivery drivers through their front door when no one's home. Now there's another option if you own a compatible vehicle from Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, Cadillac, or Volvo manufactured in 2015 or later.
With Amazon's new In-Car delivery service, you can have your packages left inside your trunk where no one else can get their grubby mitts on them. They can be delivered to your home, your office, or any other address in your Amazon address book within 37 cities and surrounding areas across the United States. The service is free to Prime members and available on tens of millions of items on Amazon.
To get started with In-Car delivery, you'll need to download the Amazon Key app and link your Amazon account with your connected car account. Once setup is complete, your car will be available as a delivery option. On the day your delivery is due, you'll be able to use the Key app to ensure your vehicle is parked within range of the delivery location, and you'll be given a four-hour delivery window. You'll also get a notification when your parcel is on its way, and you'll be able to track when your car was unlocked and relocked in the activity feed.
“Amazon uses multiple layers of verification to ensure the security of in-car deliveries,” the retail giant says. “Each time a delivery driver requests access to a customer's vehicle, Amazon verifies that an authorized driver is at the right location with the right package, through an encrypted authentication process. Once this process is successfully completed, the car is then unlocked. Customers receive a notification via the Amazon Key App after the delivery is completed and the vehicle is relocked. No special codes or keys are ever provided to delivery drivers.”
You shouldn't have to worry about anything shady happening to your car or your parcels, then. This certainly sounds better than letting them sit on your doorstep all day while you're at work.
WELLS, ME (CBS Local) – A friendly dog's “thank you” to the firefighter who rescued them from a roof has gone viral.
The pup in Wells, Maine got themselves into a rough situation over the Memorial Day weekend when they escaped out the second floor window of their owner's home and was trapped on a small porch roof.
“We received numerous calls but one concerned citizen, Phil Burke, discovered them early on and notified us. Another awesome citizen stood by with the dog until we could arrive on scene!” Wells Police wrote on Facebook.
When a firefighter climbed up to help the dog get back inside, the grateful pup became more interested in showing their appreciation than getting off the roof. Police on the ground recorded the friendly dog circling Fire Department Captain Jeff Nawfel and giving them a bunch of kisses on the face before getting a final nudge back into theirs home.
The dog's “thank you” was posted on May 27 and has already been viewed over 16,000 times. “Thank you to all that called and helped save him,” officers wrote on Facebook.
Riskiest credit is outperforming as hunt for yield goes on
In a role reversal, stock investors are the market's pessimists-in-residence while their peers in credit are flocking to Corporate America's riskiest securities.
As the yield on 10-year U.S. Treasuries hits 3 percent -- raising the prospect of tighter financial conditions, to boot -- life looks harder for companies with high debt loads and fragile balance sheets.
Equity investors have got the memo.
S&P 500 stocks teeming with risky debt have fallen 1.2 percent this year, compared with a 1.3 percent gain for companies with the healthiest financial ratios, according to baskets compiled by Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Credit investors, by contrast, remain bullish as the hunt for yield continues. CCC rated bonds have returned a whopping 1.6 percent this year, while the high-yield index overall has remained in the green as the premium over Treasuries returned to post-crisis lows. The investment-grade gauge is down more than 3 percent.
"The equity market is less ebullient now than the credit market," UBS Group AG strategists including Bhanu Baweja wrote in a recent note.
The driver is a climate of rising interest rates and economic expansion that has credit investors snapping up shorter-duration bonds -- benefiting lower-rated companies in the process.
To be sure, there are technical drivers behind the outperformance of junk debt, from renewed retail buying and higher oil prices to a modest net supply in investment grade as foreign investors pare their holdings amid rising hedging costs. But the bullish business cycle and demand for obligations that cushion against rate increases account for much of the rally, according to strategists.
"What is contributing to investor comfort in the high-yield space is the lack of catalysts for defaults for the next one or two years," said Anindya Basu, head of U.S. credit derivatives strategy at Citigroup Inc. "In a rising rate environment, the shorter duration of CCC rated debt has contributed to its outperformance, while investors hedging tail risk are focusing more on rate risk and a policy error by the Fed."
By contrast, weak balance sheet stocks are heading for a fourth-consecutive month of underperformance as warnings from world finance ministers and central bankers mount over the global debt burden.
View From Vol
Still, there's one bright note for equity bulls: The volatility landscape shows a more sanguine attitude toward highly-indebted companies, suggesting stocks may ultimately catch up with credit.
The one-month historic volatility for weak balance sheet stocks is 5.7 percentage points lower than that of their cash-rich counterparts, the biggest spread since 2007. Put another way, there's a relatively high level of confidence in their prices, and thus future cash flows.
That perceived reliability has been one of the "main drivers of credit” outperformance, according to Andrew Lapthorne, the global head of quantitative strategy at Société Générale SA.
"The low vol captures the fact that investors think things likely won't get worse" for weak-balance sheet companies, said Stephen Caprio, credit strategist at UBS.
Quant Clues
One reason why weak balance-sheet stocks have been less volatile relative to their stronger peers has been the roller coaster in tech shares. Looking under the hood of strategies in the quant world reinforce the notion that stock investors are wary of leverage.
After controlling for other factors like size and industry, a concentrated bet on the most indebted companies has been flailing of late. The Bloomberg U.S. Pure Leverage portfolio has posted five consecutive quarters of declines, the longest losing streak since 2009, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
And while the market is currently hospitable to junk notes, the paring of monetary stimulus remains an ever-present threat to global credit.
"As central banks shrink their balance sheets, we are likely to see a transitional phase where volatility shifts to a temporarily higher regime as markets adjust to the new environment," Basu at Citigroup concluded.
Within a matter of hours, protesters have taken the streets of Oakland by storm, and have even moved to the highway, to protest the violent events that took place in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend.
These were posted last night:
If you're driving thru Oakland, best avoid Broadway & arterial roads. Protest marching west on 14th St. right now. Also YG deployed. pic.twitter.com/3e4VyJoY9q — Kimberly Veklerov (@KVeklerov) August 13, 2017
14th & Broadway, Oakland, 7pm. See you tonight. pic.twitter.com/72KBGO4pJx — Berkeley Antifa (@berkeleyantifa) August 12, 2017
Occupy Oakland and Antifa blocked the highway and proceeded to light off fireworks, claiming that they were helping Charlottesville. The world may never know how these protesters helped Charlottesville, but at least we know that they occupied Oakland.
Do you think these protesters are helping? ‘SHARE' if you think they are.
SINGING was at the core of Trident High School claiming yet another significant volleyball achievement.
The school's junior girls' team won the North Island championships in Auckland recently, adding to the national title the senior girls' team won in March. Trident's boys' team won the junior title last year.
The 2017 junior girls' team's connection to success doesn't stop there as coach Maia Westrupp was part of the 2010 boys' national championship team.
Westrupp said music helped the team get through an intense week, specifically Hush by American musician Afroman.
“We sing if we are nervous and we sing if we are down. It helps settle nerves and it brings everyone together.”
The rookie coach said environment was more important than performance with their team.
“It is cool to be able to coach. The idea of giving back and helping players develop to potentially make rep teams is great.
“You take what you have experienced and you apply it. If you enjoy it and work hard the result will take care of itself. We put a big emphasis on people before person and playing for each other.”
Trident beat Bethlehem College 2-1 in the quarter-final and then Napier Girls High School in the semi-final.
Westrupp said their little sister Jasmine in the team was also a motivator – they were named the tournament's most valuable player.
“These are good kids that work hard and have really good people around them. We have great parents, coaches and teachers around them.”
Trident beat Otumoetai College 2-1, after dropping the first set, in the final. It came after a defeat to their Western Bay rivals earlier in the tournament.
“It did help motivate us, but encounters with Otumoetai are always close,” Westrupp said.
Trident's Khiarna Williams and Kalani Ruri were named in the tournament team.
In the second division, Whakatane High School placed fourth while Trident's B team placed 15th. Whakatane's B team placed 16th in division three.
In the boy's competition, Trident's A team lost just one game to place fifth in division one.
They progressed to the quarter-finals, where they were defeated by Gisborne Boys High School. They bounced back to beat Bay of Plenty rivals Mount Maunganui College and Tauranga Boys College to place fifth.
In the second division, Whakatane's black team placed fourth and the yellow team finished in 13th place.
adyn.ogle@whakatanebeacon.co.nz
First Daughter Ivanka Trump and the World Bank are rolling out a new fund that aims to help female entrepreneurs access capital, financing and other support.
World Bank Group President Jim Yong Kim says the Women Entrepreneurs Finance Initiative fund has so far raised $325 million from various governments. They hope to leverage that into a multibillion-dollar fund.
The money will go toward improving access to capital and markets, providing technical assistance, training and mentoring, pushing public policy and investing in projects and programs that support women and women-led businesses.
Donald Trump praised the fund, saying their administration is making a $50 million commitment to the effort.
They say the group will help eliminate barriers for women to launch businesses and transform “millions and millions of lives” and that “empowering women is a core value that binds us together.”
Kim says, “this is not acute little project,” and says it will drive economic growth.
He's speaking at a panel on women's entrepreneurship that coincides with the meeting of Group of 20 leaders in Hamburg, Germany.
“I still just wake up and I just feel injured, you know? I'm not like, ‘oh I got bit by a shark,' just like ‘my foot's hurt.' That's all I t…
‘Labyrinth' board game review
By Ed Appleby, Illustrator
As a kid, I always dreamed of adventure, of searching caverns and battling monsters. I slew many a dragon with my wooden sword and shield, and I wish I had known about this one game back then.
Labyrinth (1986) is a thematic shifting tile game for two to four players designed by Max J. Kobbert and published by Ravensburger. In the game, players take turns placing tiles into a set board and moving their pieces through the shifting maze in order to collect treasure. The first player to collect all of their treasure and return to their starting space wins.
Labyrinth is a great of example of a complex design leading to simple gameplay. The game is very easy to pick up and is suitable for younger players. There is a strategic element that more advanced players can utilize, but the game definitely lacks the advanced rules and complexity to feed the hunger of players who seek a more difficult challenge. However, the sliding dynamic makes for a more complex game than other tile placement games such as Tsuro (2004).
Don't confuse this game with Jim Henson's Labyrinth (2016), a much more complex game licenced wholesale from the movie. I haven't played it, but from what I know about licenced games, it's not worth the risk.
If you have a copy of the 1986 game, I would recommend bringing it out once in a while for a bit of nostalgia. Otherwise, I would recommend getting a copy for any fledgling gamers you might know, as it makes a great introduction to the world of more complex thematic strategy games.
Epidemic at the Office? Businesses Deal with Drug Abuse
After a troubled youth himself, Phillip Cohen made it a practice to hire people at their woodworking business who have also struggled with addiction and mental health issues. But when an employee died from a drug overdose, they adopted a zero-tolerance policy.
"I think I have saved lives," says the owner of Cohen Architectural Woodworking in St. James, Missouri -- an area hit very hard by the nation's growing opioid epidemic. Opioids range from prescription pain medicine like oxycodone to illegal drugs like heroin.
Cohen still hires former drug addicts, felons and people who have been traumatized in life. One person, now a top employee, was hired right after they finished drug rehabilitation. Another used to sell illegal drugs. Still, Cohen says, if a worker fails a periodic random drug or alcohol test, "we'll fire them on the spot."
The epidemic of drug use -- a report from the surgeon general last year said that 20 million Americans have a substance use disorder -- is forcing many small business owners to think about what they would do if they suspect an employee is abusing drugs or alcohol.
Between 1999 and 2015 the number of overdose deaths from opioids and heroin quadrupled, the National Institute on Drug Abuse says. The government also reported more than 15 million adults with what's called alcohol use disorder in 2015.
Over 70 percent of employers with 50 or more workers have been affected by prescription drugs, according to a survey released this year by the National Safety Council. But more than 80 percent don't have a comprehensive drug-free workplace policy.
Although Cohen understood the dangers of drugs and knew that some staffers had a history of substance abuse, they aren't prepared when a worker overdosed in 2010, three days after the staffer attended a leadership conference.
"I didn't care what people did at first," says Cohen, whose workers use saws and other potentially dangerous machinery to create reception desks, cabinets and furniture for businesses, schools and health care facilities. But the devastating death of an employee prompted them to hire an attorney to write a tough drug policy that workers must read and sign.
"You have to draw the line somewhere," says Cohen, who also brings in counselors and people who run support groups to help staffers who are struggling with personal problems.
Many small business owners don't think ahead and create a written policy on alcohol and substance abuse, says employment law attorney Shira Forman. That forces them to be reactive, trying to figure out what to do when presented with an employee who shows up drunk, high or hung over, whose work is suffering or who causes an accident.
"It's often not something that an employer knows how to deal with until they're confronted with a scenario," says Forman, who works at Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton in New York.
Having a policy in place doesn't make it easier for a boss to confront a staffer they believe to have a drug or alcohol problem. It's hard on an emotional level, especially if the employee denies there's an issue and gets angry. But there can also be legal questions that must be considered before an owner broaches the topic.
While a staffer's behavior might seem to point to a substance abuse problem, it's often not a clear-cut situation, says Michael Schmidt, an employment law attorney with Cozen O'Connor in New York. An employee may have a prescription for opioids, and therefore be protected by federal, state or local laws. A staffer might have shaking hands, a sign of possible alcohol withdrawal but also a symptom of anxiety or a condition like Parkinson's disease.
Even when it's clear that the problem is due to drugs or alcohol, many owners seek help from a lawyer or HR professional. David Grant was taken by surprise when an employee at their public relations company told them that a co-worker had gotten drunk at a lunch with a client.
Grant turned to their human resources provider and a consultant on dealing with alcoholics.
"It was a world I don't know anything about," says Grant, whose eponymous company is based in New York. "I was aware of how litigious everyone is, so I did it by the book."
Grant's HR provider had created a substance abuse policy that they followed. They told the staffer they had a choice: go into rehabilitation treatment for a month or be fired. They chose treatment, which Grant paid for. They also warned she'd be dismissed if it happened again. And it did; a few weeks after they returned to work they were again drunk at a client lunch.
"I fired them instantly," Grant says. They had to follow some painful advice from their consultants: "You can't back off. You can't be a nice guy."
At Abbey Research, a market research firm based in Philadelphia, the substance abuse policy calls for employees to be suspended if they fail a random drug test or tell management they have a drug problem.
Their jobs will be held until they pass a drug test, since the company wants to give people a second chance, says Kristen Donnelly, who is in charge of human resources. But if they fail a second time, they'll be fired.
The company, which seeks to help people who are struggling economically and personally, is located in a neighborhood where drug use has taken a toll. Two staffers have been suspended and then fired for drug use in the 18 months since Donnelly has headed HR.
But even afterward, the company has helped them find resources aimed at getting them back on their feet. "First and foremost they're human beings, and they're human beings with a disease," Donnelly says.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
“The State Department has issued several notices disclosing that it intends to gather social media identifiers from individuals seeking to visit or immigrate to the U.S. — the scope of those notices really has expanded gathering information from pretty much everyone who wants to come to the U.S., so that's over 14 million people,” Handeyside said.
They also pointed to a proposal by Immigration and Customs Enforcement for a contract worth about $100 million to track social media behavior “for immigration enforcement purposes.”
Handeyside also noted the Department of Homeland Security's move last year to collect the “social media handles, aliases, associated identifiable information and search results” of all immigrants looking to enter the country, as well as reports that the FBI is setting up a task force to monitor social media in the wake of Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
“We're increasingly concerned about this. I think it warrants a concerted effort to pull back the curtain on what the consequences are and what tools it's using,” they said.
“They're not just watching you," Handeyside said. "This kind of social media surveillance has consequences. The FBI and DHS are, it appears, using social media surveillance for investigative purpose."
Related California high court to rule on social media access for criminal defendants
Following the 2015 mass shooting in San Bernardino, California, lawmakers became increasingly concerned about the use of social media by supporters of terrorist groups such as the Islamic State. Tashfeen Malik, one of the attackers, expressed support for violent jihad in direct, private messages on social media, officials have said, before they were given a visa to come to the United States.
But former FBI Director James Comey said in Dec. 2015 that the shooters did not post public jihadist messages on Facebook, in comments intended to resolve confusion over whether Malik had posted extremist messages on a public-facing account that officials could have seen when they applied for a visa.
The seven government agencies subject to the FOIA request are the Department of Justice, the FBI, the Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and the State Department.
The seven government agencies did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Adam Schwartz, a senior attorney with the civil liberties team of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, which advocates for free speech online and works against online surveillance of immigrants and potential visitors, said that while social media surveillance had been done under President Barack Obama in an “episodic manner,” the current administration has been "expanding" these efforts.
Schwartz also questioned the effectiveness of such tactics.
“The things people say on social media are notoriously difficult to interpret,” they said.
César Cuauhtémoc García Hernández, an associate professor at the University of Denver Sturm College of Law who writes about the convergence of criminal and immigration law, said that increased social media surveillance can change how people conduct themselves online.
“I think that in and of itself creates a fear among immigrants and among prospective immigrants if what they say on social media may come back to haunt them, and that might have chilling effect on the way they go about their lives online,” they said.
García Hernández said that much was still unclear about just how much the administration has already increased its social media surveillance because the process “sorely lacks in transparency and therefore the administration's rhetoric in many ways speaks much louder than what's actually happening behind the scenes.”
The van driver who allegedly mowed down 10 people in Toronto was a special needs high school student who would walk the hallways with their head down and hands tightly clasped — making meowing noises, a classmate recalled.
Alek Minassian stood out for being unusual at Thornlea Secondary School in the northern suburbs of Canada's largest city, but was never violent, the person said.
see also First victim identified in deadly Toronto van attack The first of 10 people killed in the Toronto van...
“He wasn't a social person, but from what I remember they were absolutely harmless,” said classmate Shereen Chami.
Thornlea is a school for students with special needs – a blanket term in Canada used to describe people with learning and behavioral problems, as well as physical disabilities. Minassian attended a mix of mainstream and separate classes.
An archived version of their Facebook page said they graduated Thornlea in 2011 and attended Seneca College from 2011 to April 2018. It also listed software development under professional skills.
A blog post from September 2013 said Minassian, 25, began working at Seneca's Centre for Development of Open Technology. They posted about developing software there until March 2014.
Google's Android store offers a parking app developed by a man named Alek Minassian.
Minassian was arrested Monday 26 minutes after they allegedly drove a white rental van onto a crowded sidewalk in the north end of Toronto, killing 10 people and injuring 15 others.
After the carnage, they leaped out of the vehicle, pretended to be holding a gun and shouted at police, “Kill me! Shoot me in the head!”
Police said Minassian was not previously known to them. Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said their actions “definitely looked deliberate.”
With Post wires
The British pound jumped versus its main rivals Monday as the EU and the U.K. declared they had reached a Brexit transition agreement. But despite the short-term lift, the pound's longer-term outlook is much more uncertain.
Sure, the transition deal in Britain's exit from the European Union, which both sides said they had agreed to Monday, was a positive inflection point for sterling GBPUSD, -0.0071% for the time being. Against the U.S. dollar, the currency soared to a session high of $1.4089, its highest level since mid-February, according to FactSet.
But in the long run, “significant uncertainties would still linger relating both to the final Brexit agreement and the implementation of the transition itself,” wrote Lefteris Farmakis, a strategist at UBS, who is sticking with a “structurally bearish view on sterling notwithstanding the potential for a near-term bounce.”
Reasons to be cautious are plenty. For example, the transition deal won't become legally binding until the withdrawal agreement is signed, which may not happen until next year. Moreover, there was little evidence for progress on a post-Brexit agreement between the U.K. and the EU.
On top of that, the U.K. was still vulnerable with respect to its wide current account position and its relatively expensive currency, the UBS note read, and “financial flows required to close the gap on the current account have been dominated by heavy, and relatively sticky, foreign direct investment flows during the last few years.”
Haver Analytics, UBS
Given that backdrop, “we have maintained that incremental BOE hikes can't support sterling meaningfully, at least not in the absence of a more dramatic reassessment of the BOE's intended hiking cycle,” said Farmakis.
The Bank of England is next due to meet on Thursday. In November, BOE Gov. Mark Carney made some comments regarding a recalibration of monetary policy once uncertainties surrounding Brexit were resolved. This could mean the central bank would push forward with more rate hikes in the future, Farmakis suggested. Interest-rate increases tend to support a currency. The BOE is expected to raise rates three to four times over the next three years, Farmakis said.
In general, much of the pound's current level appears to be had rather little Brexit-specific risk priced in, Farmakis said: “There is little idiosyncratic Brexit risk premium to be unwound on striking a transitional deal, which in turn means that most of the effect on sterling can reasonably be attributed to rate differentials.”
Bloomberg, UBS calculations
The euro-sterling pair EURGBP, -0.0455% , meanwhile, which has been hailed an accurate indicator for Brexit sentiment, should indeed find a lower boundary around £0.85 in the near term, according to Farmakis' report. As the pair last hit a session low of £0.8745 on Monday, that would leave quite some room for sterling to rally.
“In our calculations, for every 25 basis points of additional rate hikes priced in for the Bank of England versus the European Central Bank, euro-sterling drops by circa 2%,” wrote Farmakis.
“The repricing of the relative policy stance by a modest 25-50 basis points is fairly plausible, in our view. Accordingly, sterling could gain by up to 4% versus the euro,” Farmakis said, thereby arriving at the £0.85 floor.
Wang said there is only one safe way to look directly at the sun, and that's through special-purpose “solar filters,” which are called solar eclipse glasses.
According to Wang, there are four companies in the U.S. that make and sell solar eclipse glasses that meet the international safety standard ISO 12312-2. Wang has a supply of the proper solar eclipse glasses and will give a free pair to each attendee at a special solar eclipse educational seminar Aug. 17 at 6:30 p.m. at their office.
At the seminar, Wang will explain and demonstrate the proper way to use the glasses. Additionally, they will answer all attendee questions about safe solar eclipse viewing and how to prevent eye injuries, which could lead to loss of sight. Viewing the eclipse without proper eye protection can be very harmful. They will answer all seminar attendee questions about the safe solar eclipse viewing to prevent eye injuries and possible sight loss.
Wang will offer answers to questions such as:
Q. Can I use my cellphone to take a photo or a video of the eclipse, or can I use a telescope?
A. “Yes, but only if you do it in the right way. First of all, cameras and telescopes actually concentrate, focus and amplify light intensity. Therefore, looking through these devices with naked eyes is, in fact, more dangerous than looking with only the naked eyes themselves.
“The proper way of doing this is to put the proper solar eclipse glasses in front of the camera or telescope where the solar eclipse glasses are closer to the sun. Do not put the solar eclipse glasses directly on your face and then look through your cellphone or telescope.”
Q. What will be symptoms of solar eye damage and when will this typically happen?
A. “Symptoms typically happen within a few minutes or hours. The symptoms are watery and sore eyes, light sensitivity, a blind spot in the center, things appear usually colored, things appear to be distorted and blurry and inability to see details.”
Q. What should I do if this happens?
A. “See an ophthalmologist or optometrist right away as you may have suffered solar eye damage.”
Many of the special glasses are currently on back order and since total solar eclipse is so rare, once in a lifetime, people are buying them like crazy. Wang has an adequate supply of the proper safest glasses for distribution at their special Aug. 17 public solar eclipse educational seminar.
There will be limited seating at the seminar, so anyone interested in attending and receiving a free pair of the recommended solar eclipse glasses can get additional information or register by calling Wang Vision Institute at 615-321-8881.
The seminar will be at Wang Vision Institute at 1801 W. End Ave., Suite 1150, in Nashville.
Wang is the CEO of Aier-USA and director of Wang Vision 3D Cataract and LASIK Center. They may be reached at drwang@wangvisioninstitute.com or by visiting wangcataractlasik.com.
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
Jimmy Fallon and the Roots did a cover of "At This Moment" by Billy Vera & The Beaters while backstage in the Tonight Show music room.
Video of Cover Room: Jimmy Fallon and The Roots - "At This Moment"
Cover Room is a Tonight Show digital-only variety series featuring artists performing covers of favorite/meaningful songs. This is another one, Kesha doing "The House of the Rising Sun":
Video of Cover Room: Kesha - "The House of the Rising Sun"
Click here for more.
It's clear that Justin Thomas cares about what they look like. They consistently wear bold colors and stylish wingtips, and they occasionally enjoy generating buzz with an entirely out-there outfit (like they did at the British Open, with their tie-and-cardigan look). Sure, it helps to look stylish when you can rely on companies like Polo Golf and Footjoy to supply the trendiest items, but whether you have access to those pieces or not, you can learn from Thomas' go-to style basics, as well as their one glaring mistake.
When they wear a statement polo with a unique pattern, they pair it with simple surroundings. In their Saturday look (above), Thomas wore a loud, eye-catching navy-and-green striped performance polo. By pairing that top with a dark-navy belt that seamlessly blended with their polo, white trousers and all-white FootJoy ICON Shield Tip MyJoys ($300), Thomas rightfully made their polo the true focal point of their entire outfit.
Their shoes are often a centerpiece. Just take a look at their FootJoy ICON Shield Tip MyJoys. They have a white base, a brown lizard saddle, brown lizard accents and brown laces. These brown hues in their paired perfectly with the delicate navy pattern on their polo, and they added just the right amount of flare to their entire look.
He's not afraid of color. Thomas' winning look involved a magenta polo, which most guys would shy away from. But loud colors don't have to mean flashy. Once again, Thomas made their magenta work because they paired their polo with neutral surroundings. Whites, greys, navys and blacks all qualify as neutrals, and if you rely on a neutral base you can go as nuts as you'd like with the loud colors.
RELATED: More golf style content from The Loop
And then, of course, there's Thomas' fashion faux pas: They consistently pair their beautiful wingtip and classic-style shoes with white ankle socks, which significantly detracts from the shoe's sophistication.
Loading View on Instagram
By the way, as FooyJoy pointed out on Instagram, Thomas won the PGA Championship while wearing a shoe that was nearly identical to the now-iconic photo taken during a junior golf tournament in 2007. That proves that classic style simply never gets old.
WATCH: THE LOOP VIDEOS
Several disturbing fliers seeking a personal “cheerleader” have turned up outside a Westchester high school, leaving students and their parents fearing that a pedophile is behind them, according to a report.
The fliers, posted on light poles near Roosevelt High School in Yonkers last week, say “Cheerleader Wanted,” CBS New York reported.
The person behind them, only identified as Wilbert on the signs, wrote, “I will pay you to cheer me on … while I exercise in my house doing push ups, sit ups and pull ups,” according to the report.
“Pay is $25 each hour,” the sign continued. “You get paid in cash immediately after your job is done.”
Lyrell Walker, a senior at the school, told the station, “I think they're a pedophile.
“They're looking for kids to do something that they should never do.”
They said their friends are wise to the fliers, too.
“They sent it to each other on social media, you see it on Snapchat all the time talking about who would do something like this? This guy's crazy,” they said.
Yonkers mom Grace Tommins agreed.
“I think it's creepy, and I think there's more behind the push-ups and whatever else they're talking about,” they told CBS.
A CBS reporter called and texted the number on the fliers but had not heard back, according to the report.
In June, similar ads appeared near the school, the station reported at the time.
“I am a licensed exercise fitness instructor,” those ads said. “I will pay you to videotape me with my cell phone while I exercise in my home doing push-ups.”
When CBS sent a text to the listed number on those ads — the same as the one on the fliers posted this fall — someone responded, “Hello, my name is Charles. What is your name, age and exactly where did you see the flier?”
When the reporter answered, “Yonkers, outside Roosevelt, Brian, and over 18,” they received no response.
Roosevelt Principal Edward DeChent told the station that the district made a “Connect Ed” call to all parents about the fliers — and warned the students over the building PA system not to respond to the fliers.
Yonkers police told the station that they are investigating. Though the wording on the fliers themselves are not illegal, police told CBS it is against the law to post fliers on city property without a permit.
The Miami Dolphins' Stephen Ross was one of several owners who said in depositions that President Donald Trump played a role in conversations about how NFL teams should handle national anthem protests, according to the Wall Street Journal.
The depositions were made for a grievance filed by former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick, who claims they have been blackballed by the league over anthem protests.
According to the Journal, Ross said in their testimony that Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones and New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft relayed conversations they had with Trump at a league owners meeting.
“I was totally supportive of [the players] until Trump made their statement,” Ross said in their deposition before going on to say they thought Trump "changed the dialogue." Ross also acknowledged that they believed the protests were hurting the Dolphins financially, according to the Journal, and that they felt NFL commissioner Roger Goodell was influenced by Trump's comments.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
The Journal also reported that Ross met with Dolphins players multiple times and asked those who wished to protest to stay off the field during the anthem.
“They informed the coach that they couldn't, in their conscience, stay in the tunnel. They wanted to go out,” Ross wrote in their deposition, according to the Journal.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell announced a new policy on the national anthem during a press conference Wednesday. Players are not required to be on the field for the anthem, but will be fined if they are on the field and not standing for the anthem. Associated Press via NFL
The depositions were taken prior to the league's national anthem policy change that was made on May 23. Under the new policy, players and league personnel on the sideline will be required to stand during the national anthem. If they don't want to stand, they will have the option to remain in the locker room. At the time of the announcement, the Dolphins said they have no comment on the policy.
Last season, three Dolphins did not stand for the anthem for most of the season — receiver Kenny Stills, tight end Julius Thomas and safety Michael Thomas. Of those three, only Stills is still with the team. All said they were protesting social issues, including law enforcement treatment of African Americans.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell announced a new policy on the national anthem during a press conference Wednesday. Players are not required to be on the field for the anthem, but will be fined if they are on the field and not standing for the anthem. Associated Press via NFL
Several other Dolphins, including left tackle Laremy Tunsil, did not stand for the anthem during the one game immediately following Trump's critical comments about players who don't stand for the anthem.
Colts and Ravens to contest GABF ‘Road to Mecca V' final
Defending Champions Bounty Colts will have a chance to retain their title for the second consecutive season after surging into the final alongside Dyna's Ravens on Sunday evening when the semi finals of the Guyana Amateur Basketball Federation's (GABF) National Club Championships, dubbed ‘Road to Mecca V' bounced off at the Cliff Anderson Sports Hall (CASH) on Sunday.
Now, come this Saturday, Ravens who won the inaugural ‘Road to Mecca', will be looking to dethrone Colts who have their sights set on clinching a historic ‘3-peat'.
Ravens used their experience to shut down an aggressive Kobras team 73-58 in the opening match, then Colts brushed aside Victory Valley Royals 84-70 in the feature.
This also means that Royals and Kobras will sweat in the tournament's penultimate match, the third place showdown, which carries a winning incentive of $200,000.
Colts made their way into the final in commanding fashion as they secured the lead early against Royals and continuously kept them at bay until the final whistle.
Shane Webster, arguably the best player in the tournament and a definite contender for the MVP award, top scored for the defending Champions with 23 points, while Shelroy Thomas sunk 18 points on their way to victory.
After the win, Thomas said the match was their most challenging one yet because the opponent is a very strong team, but their experience helped pull them through. Colts defeated Royals to claim the Road to Mecca IV title in 2017.
Meanwhile, in the night's first match Ravens lead at the first quarter, 17 -11, but Kobras rebounded in the second and piled on a ten-point lead to finish the half ahead 34 – 24.
Ravens persevered in the third and once the lead was gained, slowly shut the door on Kobras. At the end of the third quarter, Ravens led 50 – 44 and eventually secured the 15-point win.
Ravens' Anthony Moe turned in 25 points and nine rebounds with support from Darcel Harris who had 16 points, while Travis Burnett led for the opposition with an impressive 24 points.
Miami Heat forwards Kelly Olynyk and James Johnson celebrate after a big basket by James in overtime as they play the Denver Nuggets at the AmericanAirlines Arena in Miami, Florida, March 19, 2018. CHARLES TRAINOR JR ctrainor@miamiherald.com
U.S. stock futures gained early Monday, with Dow futures at times trading higher by more than 100 points, signaling a rally for the blue-chip gauge after last week's 234-point fall that was driven in part by North Korea fears.
Dow Jones Industrial Average futures YMU7, +0.41% were recently up by 92 points, or 0.4%, to 21,940, after earlier showing a rise of 106 points. S&P 500 futures ESU7, +0.55% tacked on 0.6% to 2,454.50, while Nasdaq-100 futures NQU7, +0.57% advanced by 0.6% to 5,875.50.
“The markets have opened with an eerie note of calm at the start of a fresh week,” said Kathleen Brooks, a London-based research director at City Index, in emailed comments Monday, noting safety plays such as gold GCQ7, -0.57% were trading lower.
“The U.S.-North Korea tensions stalled over the weekend as President Trump dealt with more pressing matters of domestic terrorism,” they added.
White House officials over the weekend found themselves working to clarify President Donald Trump's comments on deadly violence at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Va., after their initial remarks on the matter drew flak from Democrats and Republicans.
Last week, the Dow DJIA, +0.07% gave up 234.49 points, or 1.1%, with analysts blaming much of the selling on an escalating war of words between Trump and North Korean officials. The S&P 500 SPX, +0.13% lost 1.4% for the week, while the Nasdaq Composite COMP, +0.64% gave up 1.5%.
On Sunday, Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson sought to play down the risk of a conflict, writing in The Wall Street Journal that the Trump administration is seeking diplomatic solutions to achieve the “irreversible denuclearization” of North Korea.
Other markets: European equities SXXP, +0.82% stepped higher, and Asian markets mostly closed with gains. Oil futures CLU7, -0.45% traded lower, as a key dollar index DXY, +0.23% advanced modestly.
Individual movers: Shares in Tesla Inc. TSLA, +0.69% traded nearly 2% higher in premarket action around $364 after Baird analyst Ben Kallo — a longtime Tesla bull — hiked their price target for the electric-car maker's stock to $411 from $368.
Netflix Inc.'s stock NFLX, +1.34% traded 0.3% lower premarket following news the streaming giant has recruited prolific TV producer Shonda Rhimes, the creator of hits such as “Grey's Anatomy” for Walt Disney Co.'s DIS, +0.63% ABC, in a sign of an arms race for talent.
Economic news: There are no top-tier U.S. economic reports expected Monday, and no Federal Reserve officials are due to speak.
Tuesday should bring U.S. retail sales data for July, and minutes from the Fed's last policy meeting are on tap for Wednesday.
See: North Korea could take back seat as stocks face big week for consumer data
And read: MarketWatch's Economic Calendar
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
A closer look at catalysts is giving researchers a better sense of how these atom-thick materials produce hydrogen.
Their findings could accelerate the development of 2D materials for energy applications, such as fuel cells.
“This is going to be a very good screening technique to accelerate the development of 2D materials.”
The researchers' technique allows them to probe through tiny “windows” created by an electron beam and measure the catalytic activity of molybdenum disulfide, a two-dimensional material that shows promise for applications that use electrocatalysis to extract hydrogen from water.
Initial tests on two variations of the material proved that most production is coming from the thin sheets' edges.
Researchers already knew the edges of 2D materials are where the catalytic action is, so any information that helps maximize it is valuable, says Jun Lou, a professor of materials science and nanoengineering at Rice University whose lab developed the technique with colleagues at Los Alamos National Laboratory.
“We're using this new technology to identify the active sites that have been long-predicted by theory,” Lou says. “There was some indirect proof that the edge sites are always more active than the basal planes, but now we have direct proof.”
The research opens a pathway to fast screening of potential hydrogen evolution reaction candidates among two-dimensional materials.
“The majority of the material is on the surface, and you want that to be an active catalyst, rather than just the edge,” Lou says. “If the reaction only happens at the edge, you lose the benefit of having all the surface area provided by a 2D geometry.”
The lab tested molybdenum disulfide flakes with different crystalline structures known as “1T prime” (or distorted octahedral) and 2H (trigonal prismatic). “They're basically the same material with the same chemical composition, but the positions of their atoms are different,” Lou says. “1T prime is metallic and 2H is a semiconductor.”
They say researchers have so far experimentally proved the more conductive 1T prime was catalytic along its entire surface area, but the study proved that to be not entirely accurate.
“Our results showed the 1T prime edge is always more active than the basal plane. That was a new discovery,” they say.
After making the flakes via chemical vapor deposition, Jing Zhang, a postdoctoral researcher from Rice University, used an electron beam evaporation method to deposit electrodes to individual flakes. They then added an insulating layer of poly(methyl methacrylate), a transparent thermoplastic, and burned a pattern of “windows” in the inert material through e-beam lithography. That allowed the researchers to probe both the edges and basal planes of the 2D material, or just specific edges, at submicron resolution.
The 16 probes on the inch-square chip pulse energy into the flakes through the windows. When the material produces hydrogen, it escapes as a gas but steals an electron from the material. That creates a current that can be measured through the electrodes. Probes can be addressed individually or all at once, allowing researchers to get data for multiple sites on a single flake or from multiple flakes.
Rapid testing will help researchers alter their microscopic materials more efficiently to maximize the basal planes' catalytic activity.
“Now there's incentive to utilize the strength of this material—its surface area—as a catalyst,” Lou says. “This is going to be a very good screening technique to accelerate the development of 2D materials.”
The researchers reported their results this month in Advanced Materials.
Additional coauthors of the study are from Rice University and Los Alamos National Laboratory.
The Air Force Office of Scientific Research and the Welch Foundation supported the research.
Source: Rice University
Dundee have sacked manager Paul Hartley after seven consecutive defeats.
The fate of the Dark Blues boss was sealed by Saturday's 2-0 home defeat to Hamilton that left the club in the relegation play-off zone.
A club statement said: “Dundee Football Club have this afternoon relieved manager Paul Hartley of their duties.
“The club currently sit 11th in the Premiership table and the board of directors feels a change is needed ahead of five vital matches between now and the end of the season.”
Since taking over in February 2014, Hartley took the club to the SPFL Championship title before clinching a top-six finish in Dundee's first season back in the top flight.
Last season after missing out on the top six on the final day, the club went on to finish eighth in the top division.
Managing director John Nelms said: “I want to thank Paul for their time with the club.
“Unfortunately, the business we are in, sometimes change is necessary to achieve the goals we have set.
“I think somebody in the near future is going to get a good hard-working manager.”
Stephen Hawking, CH, CBE, FRS, Dennis Stanton Avery and Sally Tsui Wong-Avery Director of Research, University of Cambridge as they and Yuri Milner host press conference to announce Breakthrough Starshot, a new space exploration initiative, at One World Observatory on April 12, 2016 in New York City. Just 10 days before their death, Hawking submitted a paper that could lead to the discovery of parallel universes.
Stephen Hawking may have passed away last week, but they left behind a final scientific groundwork that could lead the way to the discovery of parallel universes, according to reports.
Hawking and co-author Thomas Hertog submitted the most recent draft of their paper on March 4, just 10 days before Hawking died Wednesday at 76 years old.
“A Smooth Exit from Eternal Inflation?” was first submitted in July 2017 and can be found in Cornell University's online distribution system for research papers, arxiv.org. It is being considered for publication by a "leading journal," according to the U.K. Times.
The paper discusses a "multiverse" theory of the universe that suggests there are an infinite number of parallel universes in addition to the one we live in, according to the Times. Hawking and Hertog propose an alternate model of the theory.
Their paper also suggests that our universe will eventually die out as stars lose their energy, CNBC reported.
Hawking had never won a Nobel Prize for their studies. Hertog, who works at KU Leuven University in Belgium, told the Times that Hawking "should have won" a Nobel prize with past nominations and "now they never can."
The award isn't given out to scientists posthumously.
Hey Grant here,
After writing for Today & Tonight Magazine for the last seven years, Sara Michael's has passed the “porch torch” on to me! Welcome to “The Sweet Spot”. Take a minute and read my review of Chris Stapleton's new album. Pick up a FREE copy of Today & Tonight Magazine at our station and throughout Polk County.
https://issuu.com/todayandtonight/docs/tt0617/32
How To Quell Wanderlust Between Trips Five tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
DELANO, Minn. (WCCO) — Many might have been worried about the heat this year on the Fourth of July.
But for the state's oldest and largest celebration, storms briefly put a damper on the festivities. Delano holds one of the largest Independence Day celebrations in the country, but things looked a little dicey as strong storms rolled through the Twin Cities metro Wednesday morning.
We didn't know what was going to happen for a while, but the show is going on at this historical parade.
People prepared for the elements with tents and ponchos, but the storms cleared in time for one of the best parades in Minnesota. The show went on – we saw float after float – full of people savoring and celebrating the holidays and the kids – went in big for the candy.
It was a close call with the weather, but Kim Cruise and their husband came prepared.
“When we left our house in Waverly we thought this is going to be a disaster and we just got it up as quickly as we could and like they said, and huddled around and bared down for the storm,” Cruise said.
By a little before noon, parade fans had their umbrellas out to protect themselves from the sun, not the rain.
Between the West Midlands Mayoral election last month and the General Election last week there was a massive change of fortunes for the Conservatives and Labour.
Birmingham in particular has always had strong Labour support, but in the mayoral election the Tories appeared to be making ground – so expected victory in the Edgbaston and Northfield constituencies come the General Election.
The West Midlands mayoral vote correctly indicated the return to two-party politics as Tory Andy Street and Labour's Sion Simon took more than 42 and 41 per cent of the vote respectively. In Birmingham the split was 46 per cent Labour and 36 per cent Conservative.
Defeated Labour candidate Sion Simon claimed Jeremy Corbyn's leadership was a liability, that the Labour leader's links with the IRA and Hamas, opposition to the nuclear deterrent and a more open immigration policy, played badly on the doorsteps and cost them the election.
But by June 8, Labour's fortunes had dramatically turned and the party took 62 per cent of the vote in Birmingham on a much higher turnout. MPs like Liam Byrne and Roger Godsiff enjoyed unprecedented 30,000-plus majorities.
Birmingham Mail Jeremy Corbyn at their packed out pre-election rally in Birmingham
Many Labour campaigners and politicians who doubted Jeremy Corbyn's electability are, in the words of Yardley's Jess Phillips, eating humble pie now.
But while there were contrasting results over the two polls – the reasons the expected winners failed to deliver are eerily similar.
In Sion Simon and Theresa May there were leadership candidates who were way ahead early in the campaign and seemed, at least from the outside, to believe all they had to do was turn up to win.
The Labour mayoral candidate was nicknamed Submarine Sion because they did not attend a great many hustings debates – although they did show up for the main TV and newspaper events. They said they were better off meeting real people on the campaign trail. How similar was that response to the one of Theresa May after they ducked out of the leaders debates.
Both also relied heavily on key slogans which are deliberately designed to be vague – “take back control”, a message half-inched from the EU Referendum campaign, was Sion's ‘strong and stable'.
You sort of know what it means, but the politician can't be held to account for it.
But perhaps where both floundered most of all is that they faced incredibly positive campaigns from their chief rivals.
Birmingham Mail Andy Street and Sion Simon hear the result
Millions rushed to register for General Election 2017 - but half need not have bothered
While there was much crossover between the mayoral manifestos, Andy Street presented, albeit with the help of a £1 million campaign, an upbeat message about jobs, transport and housebuilding and was relentless in putting that out. They targeted key areas which were ripe for their message – Solihull and Dudley in particular and secured enough support to just about overturn Labour's advantage.
The Sion Simon campaign spent too much time complaining that the West Midlands had a raw deal and how they would fight for more money and power.
And at a national level it was Labour who put out a shopping list of attractive policies and Jeremy Corbyn sold them relentlessly at their packed out rallies.
There has been much written about Theresa May's campaign – that the presidential style only works for charismatic individuals, that it was too light on policy and too vague on answers to the direction of Brexit.
Unlike our mayoral battle, the general election was also a highly negative campaign in which Corbyn was relentlessly and personally attacked and this proved counterproductive.
Pictured Prime Minister Theresa May about to speaking to Conservative Party activists on the last day of the General Election campaign at the National Conference Centre in Hampton In Arden, Solihull.
Questioning their competence amid the disastrous handling of the ‘dementia tax' debacle was a mistake. Labour's Corbyn and Diane Abbott might have hilariously forgotten their numbers in interviews, but the Prime Minister was changing policy from one press conference to the next.
They would hate the comparison but both Andy Street and Jeremy Corbyn have proved that simple positive messages, delivered with enthusiasm can still make a difference.
Suffragettes would be turning in their graves
Cllr Fiona Williams (Lab, Hodge Hill)
Despite it being the 21st century, female councillors in Birmingham found themselves having to get the permission of their male colleagues to speak and vote on a hot topic of the day.
The debate was on the ‘Waspi' campaign which is challenging the unfair way the state pension age for women is being raised to 65.
Women born in the 1950s are badly hit and are calling for a more gradual introduction.
One of those is Cllr Fiona Williams (Lab, Hodge Hill) who was informed they could not speak as they have a direct pecuniary (financial) interest.
There are several female councillors of a similar vintage and all faced being gagged.
So the council lawyer said a special dispensation could be allowed if a councillor moved it.
The first knight in shining armour was John Alden (Cons, Edgbaston) – but they were told to sit down as they had a pecuniary interest through their wife and fellow councillor Deirdre (Cons, Edgbaston).
Finally council leader John Clancy stepped up and did the deed. Cllr Williams later said: “I never thought I'd need the permission of a man to let me speak in this day and age.”
PYONGYANG, North Korea (AP) — Dennis Rodman has delivered a message from President Donald Trump to North Korea — sort of.
On Thursday, the former NBA player gave the country's sports minister a copy of Trump's book “The Art of the Deal,” a present intended for North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
It wasn't signed by Trump, who was Rodman's boss for two seasons of the “Celebrity Apprentice” reality TV show. Rodman has said their visit has nothing to do with the White House.
Some other highlights of what has so far been a low-key Pyongyang trip for the often flamboyant celebrity, who has visited the North four times before:
___
HANGING WITH NORTH KOREAN ATHLETES
While their previous visits in 2013 and 2014 often drew controversy, Rodman has said this week he's just here to meet old friends and have a good time.
They and their small entourage have been spending time hanging out with young North Korean basketball players and visiting local sights.
They watched a North Korean men's basketball team and met Sports Minister Kim Il Guk. Along with the Trump book, other gifts they presented for Kim Jong-un include a copy of “Where's Waldo? The Totally Essential Travel Collection,” a mermaid puzzle, two sets of soap and two autographed jerseys.
Rodman also met North Korean Olympic athletes, including judo gold medalist An Kum Ae.
“All of you guys should be proud of yourselves, because, you know, a lot of people don't give you guys credit, because this is such a small country, and not many people from North Korea can compete around the world,” Rodman said.
They continued: “But for you guys to come back here in your country, with a medal, that says a lot about North Korea, because people don't really take North Korea so seriously about sports or anything like that.”
___
“AN OLD FRIEND”
Rodman, one of the only Westerners to have personally met Kim Jong-un, has been criticized for a prior trip where they sang “Happy Birthday” to Kim and suggested an American missionary was at fault for their own imprisonment in North Korea, remarks for which they later apologized.
But the sports minister made clear Rodman is viewed fondly in Pyongyang.
“In the past, our respected supreme leader met you several times and they used their precious time to watch the basketball match with the players you brought here. In the past they met you, so our people all know you well,” Kim Il Guk told Rodman. “And also we feel that you are an old friend.”
___
NO ROLE IN STUDENT'S RELEASE
Rodman's arrival on Tuesday came just hours after the North decided to release Otto Warmbier, an American university student who had been imprisoned for 15 years with hard labor for trying to steal a propaganda banner.
Warmbier, who had been confined for 17 months, has apparently fallen into a coma not long after their confinement began and Pyongyang issued a statement Thursday saying it decided to let them go for “humanitarian reasons.”
Officials in Washington and Pyongyang said Rodman played no role in the release. Behind-the-scenes discussions regarding Warmbier had been underway well before their visit.
The 22-year-old Warmbier, a University of Virginia undergraduate, was convicted and sentenced in a one-hour trial in North Korea's Supreme Court in March 2016. They got 15 years in prison with hard labor for subversion after they tearfully confessed that they had tried to steal the propaganda banner.
Their father, Fred Warmbier, told Fox News that their son was “terrorized and brutalized” and has been in a coma for more than a year.
The report of Warmbier's release on the North's official Korean Central News Agency made no mention of Warmbier's health.
Although U.S. citizens are not banned from visiting North Korea, the U.S. State Department strongly advises against it.
With Warmbier's release, three other Americans remain imprisoned in North Korea.
Episode 13 of Play Your Part features Maimane Alfred Phiri, Kass Naidoo and Pamela K Bess. Here's how you can get involved with them and their initiatives.
Brand South Africa reporter
Born and bred in Alexandra in Johannesburg, Maimane Phiri started a social responsibility project in 2001 to involve youngsters in sports such as football.
The former football star is one of the guests featured on episode 13 of the Play Your Part TV series, which airs on Saturday, 9 December 2017 at 18:00 on SABC2.
Here's how you can get involved with Phiri's initiative, as well as with the other guests on this week's episode:
Maimane Phiri
Phiri is the founder of the Maimane Alfred Phiri Games, or MAP Games, as well as the Maimane Alex Development Foundation which hosts the games, an annual winter football tournament. For Women's Month, the foundation also focused on other sport codes such as netball, athletics and basketball.
Contact details
Website: mapgames.co.za
Twitter: @MAP_gamesalex
Kass Naidoo
Naidoo publishes news of women in sport and in South Africa. Them online initiative, gsport4girls, celebrates women in sport by hosting an annual awards.
Contact details
Website: kassnaidoo.co.za and gsport.co.za
Twitter: @KassNaidoo and @gsport4girls
Pamela K Bess
Social entrepreneur Bess has a passion for media development and entrepreneurship.  They are the founder of Abesu Media and Communications, DoTV Africa and Positive Vibez NPC. Through these initiatives they provide training and development opportunities that promote entrepreneurship.
Contact details
Website: dotvafrica.co.za and Facebook
Twitter: @PamelaKBess and @DoTVAfrica
Play Your Part is broadcast at 18:00 on Saturdays on SABC2.
To get involved in playing your part in South Africa:
Check out the conversation on Twitter: #GetInvolved; or
Find out about initiatives on Play Your Part here.
Tell us how you Play Your Part through our social media channels:
Follow us on Twitter: @PlayYourPartSA;
Follow Brand South Africa on Twitter: @Brand_SA;
Like us on Facebook: Official Brand South Africa.
Would you like to use this article in your publication or on your website? See Using Brand South Africa material.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
A reconstructive surgery team that performed the country's first bilateral arm transplant in a wounded warrior has successfully performed the first total penis and scrotum transplant in the world.
“When I first woke up, I felt finally more normal…”
Many soldiers returning from combat bear visible scars, or even lost limbs, caused by blasts from improvised explosive devices, or IEDs. However, some servicemen also return with debilitating hidden injuries—the loss of all or part of their genitals.
“We are hopeful that this transplant will help restore near-normal urinary and sexual functions for this young man,” says W.P. Andrew Lee, professor and director of plastic and reconstructive surgery at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine.
A team of nine plastic surgeons and two urological surgeons was involved in the 14-hour surgery on March 26. They transplanted from a deceased donor the entire penis, scrotum (without testicles), and partial abdominal wall.
“It's a real mind-boggling injury to suffer, it is not an easy one to accept,” says the recipient, a veteran who sustained injuries in Afghanistan and wishes to remain anonymous. “When I first woke up, I felt finally more normal… [with] a level of confidence as well. Confidence… like finally I'm okay now,” they say.
They have recovered from the surgery and is expected to leave the hospital this week.
While it's possible to reconstruct a penis using tissue from other parts of the body, says Lee, a prosthesis implant would be necessary to achieve an erection, and that comes with a much higher rate of infection. Additionally, due to other injuries, servicemen often don't have enough viable tissue from other parts of their bodies to work with.
This type of transplant, where a body part or tissue is transferred from one individual to another, is called vascularized composite allotransplantation. The surgery involves transplanting skin, muscles and tendons, nerves, bone, and blood vessels.
As with any transplant surgery, tissue rejection is a concern. The patient will take a regimen of immunosuppressive drugs to prevent rejection. Lee's team has developed an immune modulation protocol aimed at minimizing the number of these drugs needed to prevent rejection.
Source: Johns Hopkins University
While China seeks more natural gas to meet booming demand from President Xi Jinping's clean-air drive, one part of the fuel's supply chain isn't growing fast enough to avoid a repeat of this winter's supply crunch.
Large, underground storage caverns are coming into focus as the missing link that the world's biggest energy user needs to smooth out supply between weak consumption in the summer and surging demand in the winter. While China has plans to more than triple storage capacity by the end of next decade, that still might not be enough to keep pace with its growing appetite, according to analysts at IHS Markit Ltd. and Wood Mackenize Ltd.
Storage Shortage Booming natural gas demand in China is making plans for new storage inadequate Source: National Development and Reform Commision; Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.
“Chronic gas supply tightness will continue to be around because storage capacity won't be increasing to the point needed to deal with winter peaks,” Xizhou Zhou, an energy analyst with IHS Markit in Beijing, said by phone.
To read more about China's winter gas supply crunch, click here.
China National Petroleum Corp., the country's biggest gas producer and importer, said last week that the country has storage space equivalent to about 3.3 percent of total demand. That's about 7.8 billion cubic meters, according to Bloomberg calculations. The government plans to increase that storage capacity to 14.8 billion cubic meters by 2020, and more than 35 billion by 2030. That would amount to 4.8 percent and 5.8 percent of demand, based on forecasts from Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. The world average is 11.7 percent, CNPC said.
Injecting Underground
In the U.S. and Europe, companies inject gas into large underground caverns in the summer and extract it in the winter when people crank up the nozzles for heating. In the U.S., storage capacity is equivalent to about 17 percent of annual consumption.
China's supply crunch this winter was due not only to the 15 percent surge in demand, but also infrastructure that was ill-equipped to handle it. In Beijing, winter demand is 11 times higher than summer demand, so China has to ramp up domestic production and LNG imports to meet supply needs.
“The import terminals were all jammed full in the winter, and you were still short of gas,” IHS Markit's Zhou said. “The winter peak is not supposed to be handled by ramping up supply sources. You inject gas into storage in summer, and draw it out in the winter -- that's how you usually do it.”
As well, the country's relatively small storage capacity was a contributing factor in the liquefied natural gas price shock this past winter, as the world's largest energy user had to boost imports to match skyrocketing seasonal heating demand. Spot LNG in North Asia more than doubled from the summer to $11.527 per million British thermal units on Jan. 15.
Low Targets
“China's gas storage levels are far lower than more mature gas markets like Europe, leaving China exceptionally reliant on LNG imports to manage seasonal demand swings,” Saul Kavonic, an analyst with Wood Mackenzie in Singapore, said by email. “Even the recent government targets are still below storage levels seen in other mature markets.”
CNPC, the parent of PetroChina Co., operates 10 of the country's 13 storage locations. This past winter it supplied 7.41 billion cubic meters from storage, or about 4.9 percent of its sales. It said on its website Thursday that it is renovating its current facilities and building seven additional ones in a bid to increase its capacity to 15 billion cubic meters by 2025.
On Sunday, the official Xinhua News Agency reported that CNPC will spend 21 billion yuan ($3.3 billion) to build eight new storage facilities in Sichuan and Chongqing, adding 21 billion cubic meters of capacity. It didn't specify a timeline for completion and said the first phase of construction would add just 1.28 billion cubic meters.
Capacity Limits
There are a couple of hurdles to developing more storage capacity in China. One is that, unlike the U.S., the country doesn't have ample supply of cheap storage options such as depleted oil fields and underground salt caverns, Zhou said.
The other is that the government keeps tight control over gas prices. In the U.S. and Europe, whenever winter prices rise relative to summer, it creates incentive to invest in new storage to take advantage of the seasonal arbitrage. A more liberal gas-pricing regime in China might draw more companies into the storage space, Zhou said.
“Achieving greater storage may also require further enabling policy that economically incentivizes storage build from non-state owned players,” Wood Mackenzie's Kavonic said.
Medical examiners identified a man killed in a multi-vehicle crash near Charleston Boulevard and Lamb Boulevard.
According to the Clark County Coroner's office, 57-year-old Jimmy Price died in the crash. Las Vegas Metro police said they were notified of their death on Thursday.
Price was involved in a collision on April 22 just before 7 a.m. at the intersection. Citing the initial report and witness statements, police said a white Ford F-150 did not stop at a red traffic light and hit a Kia Sportage, driven by Price, and a Nissan Rogue, which were both traveling through the intersection.
Price was ejected from their vehicle after the impact, police said. They were taken to University Medical Center.
The Nissan traveled in a southwest direction after the collision and struck a Dodge Ram which was stopped at a red traffic signal at the intersection.
The driver of the Ford F-150 left the scene on foot but was later located, police said.
An investigation is ongoing.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
More Videos
0:26 Heat's Dion Waiters talks about preparing for next season
0:54 Dragic: 'I would trade .500 for making the playoffs.'
1:21 Haslem: 'They have nothing to be ashamed of.'
2:43 Dragic on Nets decision to rest players: "Maybe they're just tired."
1:57 Whiteside on Waiters' comeback, Heat's turnaround
2:00 Dragic: "Everything we've worked for is to make the playoffs."
2:23 Haslem: 'Including the Big 3 teams, this is probably one of the more fun teams I've been around.'
2:22 Ellington: "We're excited about this road trip."
2:27 Dragic says Heat needs to get off better starts, execute late
0:38 Miami Heat's Goran Dragic on winning final games of the season
1:28 Josh Richardson discusses the final seconds of the loss against Denver
4/24/18 – 10:33 A.M.
The unemployment rate in Hancock County has fallen to 3 percent. New numbers from the Department of Job and Family Services show the March jobless number in the county fell from 3.3 percent in February. Last March the unemployment rate was 3.6 percent.
Putnam and Wyandot counties both checked in at 3.1 percent unemployment in March.
Elsewhere around the region, Wood (3.6) and Hardin (3.8) were both below 4 percent. Seneca (4.1) and Allen (4.2) counties were both below 5 percent unemployment. Henry County was at a 5.4 percent jobless rate, down from 6 percent the month before.
The statewide unemployment rate is 4.3 percent.
On Sunday, the BBC reported a rare white moose has been caught on camera swimming in a stream in Sweden.
The animal was filmed in Varmland. The BBC reported it is one of an estimated 100 of its kind. Like other all-white animals, the moose is not albino. Instead, according to the BBC, its fur coloring is a genetic mutation.
The milky moose went viral on social media for its beautiful and unique color after the BBC posted a video of the animal.
See the rare animal in the video above
Recently , for the first time in my life, I walked out of a football match before half-time.
On Friday March 31, for just under 40 minutes, I had just watched an impressive Aberdeen side steamroller a meek Dundee team at Dens Park, going 4-0 up.
I'm a season ticket holder at Dens Park but was so incensed that I had to make some sort of protest — so I voted with my feet!
I'm glad I did as the onslaught didn't end there — and the deadly Dons hit another three to secure an incredible 7-0 drubbing.
It wasn't really the scoreline which bothered me so much, it was the line-up, the formation of the team and watching home players who seemed to be at ill-ease with a simple 10-yard pass.
In 1971, Dundee also suffered a seven-goal deficit home defeat.
It was against Celtic, the soon-to-be champions romping to an 8-1 win in front of 21,000 spectators.
I wasn't at that game as I was playing myself elsewhere.
However, I distinctly remember family and friends saying that Celtic were absolutely brilliant that day and that the Dundee players didn't really disgrace themselves.
Indeed, the Dark Blues created many chances and nobody would have been surprised if the scoreline ended 8-5!
It was just that they came up against a great side in impeccable form and the feeling was that no team could have lived with the Parkhead outfit that afternoon.
Dundee's team was: Donaldson; B Wilson (Johnston), Soutar; Steele, Phillip, Houston; Duncan, Gilroy, Wallace, Scott, Kinninmonth.
That line-up is riddled with talented players who served the club well for many years and not one of them could ever be accused of giving up in any game.
Indeed, at least six of them would go on to be in Dundee's League Cup-winning side which beat Celtic at Hampden in 1973.
The Celtic team included six Lisbon Lions, and was: Williams; Craig, Gemmell; Murdoch, McNeill, Brogan; Johnstone, Wallace, Hood, Callaghan, Auld.
Hood (2), Wallace (2), Johnstone (2), Callaghan and a Houston own goal made up the eightsome reel for the visitors, with Duncan scoring Dundee's only counter.
As Ulsterbus celebrates its 50th anniversary, GRAEME COUSINS looks at the downgrading of the rail network in Northern Ireland during the 1950s and 1960s while a local railway society gives its opinion on the impact the bus network had on railways in the Province
When the bus network in Northern Ireland began to expand, the Province's railways suffered.
A vintage Ulsterbus which arrived at a time when the road network was receiving a lot of investment
Even before Ulsterbus was born in 1967, railways across Northern Ireland were being shut down by the Ulster Transport Authority (UTA) as more and more emphasis was put on developing the road infrastructure and in turn bus services.
1950 was to be the year the levee broke for railways in Northern Ireland. Almost all of the Belfast and County Down Railway was closed that year, while the UTA also closed the Magherafelt to Kilrea section of Derry Central Railway and the freight-only line from Limavady to Dungiven.
Branch lines were also closed to Cookstown, Draperstown and Limavady. In what was to be a summer to forget for rail users, the narrow gauge lines at Ballycastle, Ballymena and Larne were also finished.
In later years the line between Castlewellan and Newcastle in Co Down was shut down, while large parts of the Great Northern Railway to the west of the Province were shut down leaving Co Fermanagh cut off from the rest of Northern Ireland.
It was to get worse in 1963 when the Northern Ireland government acted on some of the recommendations of a report by accountant Sir Henry Benson who suggested the closure of all UTA railways except the Belfast commuter lines to Bangor and Larne and the main line between Belfast and the Republic of Ireland.
They also recommended the closure of both railway lines connecting Belfast to Londonderry which provoked protests from the Maiden City.
In the end the main line via Coleraine was kept while the former Great Northern Railways line via Portadown was closed down.
Some saw the decision as politically motivated as the line which served more unionist areas was the one that was maintained while the closure of the other line saw stations in Dungannon, Omagh and Strabane closed down.
Portadown and Armagh Railway Society reflected on the decline in the rail network in Northern Ireland.
They said: “Some 20 years after the rail network was so savagely mutilated in 1957, it was said ‘They'll live to regret their folly, buses can never replace a fast, safe, efficient railway'.
“Today most would wholeheartedly agree, particularly those stuck in peak-hour traffic, in a car or bus.
“In 1967, Ulsterbus and NIR were born. The former, as was the case since the 1960s, was to be the saviour of public transport.
“By comparison, NIR was then a run-down set up, with track in poor condition, dilapidated stations and elderly and unreliable rolling stock.
“We were told, with motorways and better roads, the railways would probably continue to decline and buses develop as ‘kings of public transport'.
“How many in the area, bounded by Portadown, Londonderry, Portrush, Larne, Bangor and Belfast, would honestly agree with that today?
“Public transport has changed radically. Yes, Goldline bus services have been introduced, new more comfortable coaches and buses purchased, but are they really any quicker than trains over recent decades?
“Bus lanes on M1 and M2 have helped a little, but as road traffic continues to grow, sadly the buses get slower, as evidenced by a study of say Londonderry's Maiden City Flyer and Dungannon services to Belfast, especially at peak hours, where timetables are now having five, 10 and even 15 minutes added to the journey times.
“In rural areas, notably west of the Bann, many Ulsterbus routes would be totally uneconomical if it wasn't for school children. Hence services are sparse and virtually all cease after 6.30pm.
“When we study rail services in the same areas, the picture is utterly different. It is not just at peak hours when NIR trains are filled to capacity, but at off peak too, and at weekends, when trains are also well patronised.
“We understand NIR now carry more passengers than the pre-1957 system carried, even with their now more truncated network, and it is becoming harder and harder to find a parking space anywhere near a train station.”
The Portadown and Armagh Railway Society blamed politicians for the demise of railways.
They commented: “Our short-sighted politicians of the 50s, 60s and 70s caused this in their misguided stampede to obliterate the rail network, telling us how wonderful our roads would be, as we whizzed along, in our car or bus, carefree and at speed. “Those who live in non rail-served areas, would give their right arm just to have a train service.
“The like of Newtownards and Armagh are obvious areas, the former to overcome growing congestion into Belfast, and the latter to get many more tourists into that beautiful city and take many commuters and students from that southern region of the Province, to work in Belfast, in double quick time.
“It's obvious – though seemingly not to our politicians – that rail is booming. Building more roads, simply encourages more traffic, more congestion, more accidents and increasing pollution, leaving less room for essential freight traffic and buses for example.
“We must get more traffic off our highways, and at least give buses a better chance.
“Can our politicians not see that railways are a gigantic social benefit, and financial matters will never win where our economy and safety is concerned? Other countries all over Europe and indeed the rest of the UK, see that rail is essential to free up cities and towns and provide fast, safe access from rural areas.
“Why is it that here we think little of spending thousands resurfacing minor roads that carry only half a dozen vehicles daily, yet go ballistic at the idea of spending pragmatically on a few strategic fast and efficient rail links, to places like the International Airport and even continue on to Monaghan and Enniskillen?
“What a difference it would make to a journey that is frequently laborious by ever congested roads.”
Except for Syria, Middle East Disappeared from U.S. Network News in 2017
WASHINGTON DC, Feb 2 2018 (IPS) - Except for the ongoing war in Syria, coverage of the Middle East by the evening news programs of the three big U.S. networks virtually disappeared in 2017, according to the latest annual compilation by the authoritative Tyndall Report.
Russia and Russian-related events—as in the allegations of Moscow's meddling in U.S. elections—ranked as the top story of the year, while North Korean's nuclear program ranked number 3 in all stories, foreign and domestic, according to the Report. The Syria story ranked number 14. Remarkably, neither enhanced tensions between the U.S. and Iran nor the radical shift in U.S. policy toward the Israel-Palestine conflict, including Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, made it anywhere near the top stories for the year.
I've long paid close attention to Andrew Tyndall's annual reports because I think they offer key insights into how many, if not most, Americans see the world, or at least the world that network news offers them. For 30 years now, Tyndall has been carefully compiling the content of the weeknight evening news shows of ABC, CBS, and NBC, whose combined audience averages about 20 million viewers.
Although that doesn't seem like a huge number, network news is still probably the biggest single source of national and international news consumed by the American public. It is still well more than the number of people who watch cable news, even if the latter provides more intensive and extensive coverage of national and international events.
Because of the size and influence of its major sponsors (compared to cable news advertisers), network news has always been designed to appeal to the greatest number of viewers, just as daily metropolitan newspapers dropped their partisan leanings back in the late 1800s in order to appeal to mass audiences with a wide variety of backgrounds, political tendencies, and worldviews. In important ways, the network news agenda—as shallow, superficial, and sensationalistic as it is—says a lot about how Americans see and understand events and trends beyond their immediate experience.
The Middle East, aside from Syria, has all but disappeared, unless one includes Afghanistan as part of the region and Trump's trip to Riyadh as part of their foreign travel. This is remarkable in itself given Washington's almost-total preoccupation of the previous 16 years. Iraq, the Islamic State, the Syrian civil war, and Iran's “malign” activities were all in the top ten in 2016
Last year, the three networks devoted a total of 14,320 minutes of actual news coverage in their evening news shows (or a little more than 20 minutes per half-hour program). Of that total just about half had a domestic dateline other than Washington DC. Some 4,200 minutes had a Washington DC dateline – which could be national or international news. And a mere 1,124 minutes, or less than eight percent, were reported from a foreign dateline. Is it any wonder that much of the U.S. population sees the United States as the center of the world, if not the universe?
Top Story
The top single story, according to Tyndall's typology, was the probe over “Russian election meddling,” clocking in at 677 minutes for the three networks combined—more than half of all the minutes they devoted to stories from foreign countries. But several related stories that Tyndall considers as distinct, were also related to U.S.-Russian elections. Thus, the fifth biggest story (241 mins) was the firing of former FBI director James Comey, and the tenth biggest story was the ouster of former National Security Adviser Michel Flynn (186 mins). Add to that the “Trump Tower wiretapping claim” (130 mins) and “Russia-US diplomacy, frictions” (123 mins) and that's a grand total of 1,357 minutes devoted to Russia-related coverage: almost 10% of all national and international news coverage.
The second biggest story of the year was the debate over replacing or repealing Obamacare at 444 minutes, followed by North Korea's nuclear program at 300 minutes. The only other foreign-related stories in the top 20, however, were the travel ban and related visa restrictions (number 12 with 169 mins), the Syria war (160 mins), and the “illegal immigration crackdown” (number 16, with 134 mins.).
Apart from those, there were a lot of weather-related stories among the top 20, although, remarkably, none involved places further away from the U.S. than, say, Antigua and Barbuda. The coverage thus missed historic droughts and other extreme weather around the globe, which would have facilitated linking these relatively local events to planetary meteorological and climatological trends a la climate change. Hurricane Harvey in Texas was the fourth-ranked story (272 mins), Hurricane Irma in the Virgin Islands and Florida (number 6 at 216 mins), the California wildfires (number 8 at 199 mins), the far more devastating Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico and the Caribbean (number 9 at 191 mins), and “winter weather” (162 mins) yielded a 1,040-minute total.
You'd think that news producers would look at that those numbers and conclude that climate change—treated as a global phenomenon and not just as a series of freak events—really is a national-security story that deserves more constant and consistent attention, not just here in the U.S., but around the world. But of course that might prove too controversial for 30% of the audience.
Foreign Policy Top Ten
Tyndall has compiled a useful summary complete with a bar graph here. Here's the top ten line-up:
Russia-U.S. espionage: election interference probe (363 mins)
North Korea nuclear weapons, missile program (181 mins)
Travel visas, refugee asylum, immigration restricted (153 mins)
Russia-US diplomacy, frictions, sanctions (113 mins)
Syrian civil war: regime suppresses rebellions (106 mins)
Afghanistan's Taliban regime aftermath, fighting (73 mins)
ICE-CBP controls along Mexico line: wall proposed (60 mins)
Niger-US military cooperation; Green Berets killed (56 mins)
President Trump foreign travel (52 mins)
NSC Advisor Michael Flynn ousted, investigated (44 mins)
Again, please notice that the Middle East, aside from Syria, has all but disappeared, unless one includes Afghanistan as part of the region and Trump's trip to Riyadh as part of their foreign travel. This is remarkable in itself given Washington's almost-total preoccupation of the previous 16 years. Iraq, the Islamic State, the Syrian civil war, and Iran's “malign” activities were all in the top ten in 2016 (when total foreign policy coverage dipped to the lowest point since Tyndall began their work 30 years ago.
But what's really remarkable is that Iran's nuclear program was the biggest foreign-policy story by a fair margin in 2015, and Teheran virtually disappeared from the national network news scene just two years later. For the record, Iran got 32 minutes of coverage in 2017, almost all of it devoted to the monitoring of the nuclear deal and Trump's unfounded attacks on it. That was just behind coverage of the collisions by U.S. Navy vessels in the Pacific (33 minutes)
As for Israel-Palestine and U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, it ranked No. 11 on Tyndall's foreign policy list, at 42 minutes, confirming that the American public—at least insofar as the network news rated its interest—doesn't care a great deal about the issue anymore.
This piece was originally published in Jim Lobe's blog on U.S. foreign policy Lobelog.com
Arkansas high schoolers punished with paddle A trio of Arkansas high schoolers were punished with a paddle for participating in the nationwide school walkout to protest gun violence, according to the mother of one of the...
Man sentenced to death for killing wife, daughter HOT SPRINGS, Ark. — A jury in west-central Arkansas has sentenced a man to death by lethal injection for the 2015 shooting deaths of their wife and daughter. Eric Allen...
FBI: Driver may have sexually abused over 100 female inmates A prison bus driver may have sexually assaulted more than 100 women while transporting inmates between lockups — and was busted just in time to stop them targeting new victims...
Elvis Presley is running for an Arkansas congressional seat LITTLE ROCK, Ark. — Elvis Presley is officially running for a congressional seat in Arkansas. But don't confuse them with the rock ‘n' roll icon, unless he's performing. Elvis D....
At least 5 dead as tornadoes roar through central US At least five people died as tornados and torrential rains pounded wide swaths of the South and Midwest over the weekend and continued to flood parts of the Ohio River....
Bodies of twin babies found in suitcase dumped in ditch: cops Law enforcement officials in Arkansas are investigating after the bodies of newborn twins reportedly were discovered in a suitcase by a hunter. The infants were found in a purple suitcase...
Station under fire for female journalist-based 'babe bracket' LITTLE ROCK, Ark. — The runner-up from last year's “Babe Bracket,” a radio station promotion that places local female journalists in a tournament-style contest whether they want to be in...
Man robs Victoria's Secret store on eve of Valentine's Day LITTLE ROCK, Ark. — Police in Little Rock are searching for a man who shoved a worker and stole more than $500 worth of bras, underwear and other merchandise from...
Mom who arrived at ER with dead tot in arms faces charges An Arkansas mom who arrived at an emergency room carrying their dead daughter has been arrested, local police said. Sierra Johnson, 20, was taken into custody Tuesday in connection with the...
Best Snowy Destinations For A Cozy Cottage GetawayFrom the moderately priced to over the top, here are five of the best snowy destinations to stay this year for a cozy cottage getaway
MSP Airport Flight Operations Return To Normal Operations are back to normal at Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport after gusty winds on Monday disrupted flight schedules.
Saving Space: How To Pack Your Bulky Winter ClothingFive suggestions on how to avoid baggage fees by packing all of your winter clothing in a single carry on and personal item
5 Best U.S. Cities To Ring In 2017Five of the best American cities to celebrate when the clock strikes twelve.
Valley City High School Snow Week will be held Monday, Feb. 5 through Saturday, Feb. 10.
The week kicks off on Monday with the Community Pep Fest and Coronation Ceremony. The Pep Fest will be held at 7 p.m. in the Hi-Liner Activity Center. This free community event will consist of the VCHS pep band, cheerleaders, skits, the money jar-staff challenge, junior varsity dance team, and an introduction of all students participating in Hi-Liner winter sports and organizations.
More on this story can be found in the Feb. 2 edition of the Times-Record.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- If your air conditioner stops working during these hot summer months, you're in trouble.
While it might be tempting to go on YouTube and try to fix things yourself, experts say not so fast. Local HVAC technicians said almost half of their calls could be avoided with regular maintenance to the unit.
“If when you're out here and you see it starting to get dirty, don't be afraid to get it wet. If you're worried about getting electrocuted, just shut it off at the thermostat,” said Scott Simmons with Hotter Than Hell Heating & Cooling.
Simmons has been repairing and servicing HVAC units for more than 30 years. They said sometimes the issues with your A/C are written all over the unit itself.
“I've gone up to units and literally found bushes laying across it, and they can't understand why it's not working,” Simmons said.
But not all issues are quick fixes.
“The biggest [issue] this year has been capacitors. The capacitor is right inside the main box. It gets really hot in there. The capacitor is what powers that fan motor and the compressor. I bet I've done over 100 capacitors this year already,” Simmons said.
It's a simple job that can cost about $150 and up if you call a repair company. The capacitor piece itself can cost as little as $10, prompting some to try and replace it themselves.
But professionals say that's taking a big risk.
“It's high voltage in there. It's 220 volts, so if you're messing around and don't necessarily know what you're doing, you can get yourself electrocuted,” Mike Brosseit with Top Notch Heating and Cooling said.
They said when it comes to repairs, it's best to call a professional. But, with regular maintenance, you might not ever have to.
“Before you call us, check your breakers. If the A/C is out, check the breaker. Make sure the batteries in your thermostat are good, keeping the outdoor unit clean, the filter clean it,” Brosseit said.
Experts say as a rule of thumb, regular maintenance in cleaning could save you thousands of dollars down the line. If fixing the issue requires a screwdriver or some other tool to get inside, leave it alone and call an expert.
Former Borders MP David Steel, now Lord Steel of Aikwood, is backing Scottish rugby legend Doddie Weir's calls for more research to be carried out into motor neurone disease.
The ex-Melrose lock forward, diagnosed with the disease in December last year, last month told the Southern of their frustration that no new drugs had been produced to treat the condition for over two decades, and that case has now been taken up by the Liberal democrat peer.
Lord Steel of Aikwood.
The 79-year-old – MP for Roxburgh, Selkirk and Peebles from 1965 to 1983 and for Tweeddale, Ettrick and Lauderdale from 1983 to 1997 – has table a written question in the House of Lords asking the UK Government “what assessment they have made of the comments by Doddie Weir concerning their frustration that there have been no new drugs to treat motor neurone disease developed in the last 22 years and what steps they are taking to promote research into such treatments.”
The Government is expected to give its response to the former Scottish Parliament presiding officer, now living in Selkirk, within the next week.
Weir, of Blainslie, near Lauder, told the Southern: “To have no new drugs in 22 years for a terminal illness, and for there to have been no trials in Scotland to try to find a cure, is frustrating.”
The 47-year-old, capped 61 times for Scotland, last month launched a charity, called My Name'5 Doddie Foundation, to try to redress that lack of research.
Weir, now employed as commercial director at Hutchinson Environmental Solutions at Blainslie, added: “I'm trying to see if I can make a difference, and that's where I am.
“Hopefully, I can in some small shape or form.
“It is frustrating that there has been so little progress over the last two decades.
“I want to push the need for research into MND further up the agenda. We may be too late in finding something that can help me, but I am committed to doing everything I can to help find a cure.”
For more details, go to www.myname5doddie.co.uk
May 31
Dominique Dequan Allen, 26, of Lavergne was charged with domestic assault.
Bernadette Nicole Bidwell, 51, of Lebanon was charged with violation of probation.
Jeremy Lynn Clem, 35, of Lebanon was charged with failure to appear.
Frankie Lee Foutch, 57, of Lebanon was charged with violation of probation.
Jesse Oliver Hunter, 27, of Lebanon was held for court.
Barbara Ann Jackson, 69, of Mt. Juliet was charged with domestic assault.
Matthew Allen Johnson, 34, of Mt. Juliet was charged with possession of a weapon while under the influence and DUI.
Jerry Tyson Jones, 28, of Cookeville was charged with speeding, driving with a revoked, suspended or cancelled driver's license, violation of the implied consent law and DUI.
Jamikal Alan Meade, 21, of Nashville was charged with violation of probation.
Eduardo Garza Ochoa, 26, of Antioch was charged with possession of drug paraphernalia and drugs simple possession.
Helen Juanita Parrish, 59, of Lebanon was charged with driving with a revoked, suspended or cancelled driver's license.
Danny Ray Prater, 32, of Liberty was charged with violation of probation.
Jose Roberto Urquiza-Rangel, 35, of Nashville was charged with driving with a revoked, suspended or cancelled driver's license.
June 1
Freddie Ali Bell, 31, of Lebanon was charged with failure to appear.
Ralph David Benton, 56, of Kingsport was charged with driving with a revoked, suspended or cancelled driver's license.
Daniel Alvin Estey, 39, of Mt. Juliet was charged with violation of probation.
Amber Melinda Parrish, 28, of Smyrna was charged with violation of probation.
James Edward Shaub, 38, of Dickson was charged with stalking.
Traig Zebion Sweeney, 23, of Murfreesboro was charged with criminal trespass.
June 2
Angela Beth Balser, 41, of Goodlettsville was charged with non-verbal harassment.
–Staff Reports
This classic Vine video by @Hotdamnirock hilariously describes what it would be like if Santa Claus was Black.
Check out what happens when Black Santa let's a naughty kid know that they haven't been nice this year.
1 2 3Next page »
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Video from the Feb. 10 incident shows an NYPD officer deploying a stun gun on a pregnant 17-year-old outside a Bronx apartment.
The NYPD says it's conducting an internal review over a video showing officers deploying a stun gun on a pregnant 17-year-old girl as they were arresting them in a Bronx apartment building last week.
The video from the Feb. 10 incident shows several officers surrounding the teen, who cries, "Get off!"
"I'm pregnant!" they scream as one officer attempts to handcuff them behind them back.
They wind up on the floor, where an officer shoots a stun gun at her, prompting them to cry, "Oh, my God," as they continue to writhe on the floor, video shows.
A man recording the scene is heard saying, "She's pregnant, she's pregnant."
The video doesn't show what led to the fracas inside the building at 707 East 242nd St., but a criminal complaint released by the Bronx district attorney's office states that the teen, Dailene Rosario, hit officers as they tried to arrest them last Friday night.
Rosario told NBC 4 New York Tuesday that the officers were responding to another incident inside the building when they caught wind of an argument between their boyfriend and their sister's boyfriend upstairs.
Rosario, who was standing outside the apartment, allegedly shouted, "Why don't we all go to jail?," according to the complaint. When an NYPD officer asked what was going on inside the apartment, they told her, "Nothing, we don't need you."
Rosario then ducked into their apartment.
The officer went to leave but returned when they heard Rosario and another woman shouting and getting into a physical fight. As the officer approached, Rosario shouted at her, "I don't wanna talk to you, I just wanna leave," according to the complaint.
The officer allegedly said they just wanted to speak to Rosario, and Rosario responded, "I just wanna go, I just wanna go," then shoved the officer into the doorframe of the apartment, the complaint states.
Rosario told NBC 4 New York that they simply wanted to go back into their apartment but officers wouldn't let them in.
The complaint says that when other officers tried to arrest Rosario, they "threw themselves to the floor, flailed their arms, and sat on their hands, refusing to be handcuffed," as they yelled, "Yo, why are you cuffing me, I didn't do anything."
The complaint made no mention of a stun gun being used to subdue Rosario, though video shows the electric prongs shooting from the gun toward the teen on the floor.
"I was screaming I was pregnant -- the female officers when they came up, my sisters told the officers I was pregnant," they said.
Rosario was arrested on charges of resisting arrest, harassment and disorderly conduct. Them doctor says their 14-week-old unborn girl is OK, but she's shaken up and wants answers from the NYPD.
"What was the point? There was no need for it. You tell me a reason why you needed a Taser," they said.
The argument between the two men that led to the scuffle was over a video game, Rosario said. Them sister's boyfriend was also arrested that night.
"It led to both of us going to jail, me getting Tased. For what?" said Rosario.
The NYPD had no further comment other than to say the video and incident are under review.
By Stephen Iervolino
HBO/Macall B. Polay(NEW YORK) — (SPOILERS AHEAD) After last week's fiery episode, this week's Game of Thrones moves back to the chessboard. Fresh off their decisive victory at Highgarden, Daenerys debates how they can further exert their power, and their new ally Jon Snow wants to return their focus to the White Walkers. Mystery is afoot in Winterfell, and Sam Tarly contemplates a career change. We start in Highgarden, where we find out if Jaime Lannister survived their long fall into a surprisingly large body of water.
Highgarden
After last week's cliffhanger, both Jaime and Bronn swim to shore, shaken but essentially unhurt. Jaime is still in shock following the battle against Daenerys, their Dothraki army, and, oh yeah, their fire-breathing dragon. He's especially worried since Dany only used one of their dragons, and she's got two more back in Dragonstone. Jaime realizes they have to tell Cersei what they're up against.
Shockingly, there are other survivors from the battle. Dany tells them they have a choice: bend the knee or die. A number of the soldiers pick the former, and a lot more join when they hear Drogon's roar. Still, a few remain standing, including Lord Tarly and Dickon, Sam's father and brother, respectively. Tyrion suggests sending the elder Tarly to work at The Wall, but the Lord rejects that proposal. Following their father, Dickon volunteers their life as well. Despite Tyrion's pleas otherwise, Dany uses their dragon to burn both of them alive. Everyone bends the knee after that.
Back at Dragonstone, Tyrion expresses their concern about what transpired with Varys, given that Dany's father, the Mad King, also employed the death-by-dragon-fire method of execution. Varys assures them that Dany is not their father, but says that they need to find a way to get them to listen to them.
Winterfell
Bran uses their visions to find the ever-terrifying Army of the Dead marching towards The Wall. They send a raven to Jon, telling them not only about the White Walkers, but also that they and Arya are alive.
With this information, Jon and Tyrion hatch a plan to capture a White Walker beyond The Wall and bring it to Cersei in order to prove that the Army of the Dead is real, which they hope might broker peace between Dany and King's Landing. In order to do that, Tyrion intends to meet with Jaime to convince them to convince Cersei to meet with Dany. Jon declares that he'll lead the raid beyond The Wall.
While Jon is off at Dragonstone, the people of Winterfell begin to grow restless that the King of the North is not, well, in the North. Sansa defends Jon's absence, but not strongly enough for Arya's liking. In private, they accuse Sansa of secretly wanting to rule Winterfell herself.
Later, Arya sees Littlefinger mysteriously talking to someone, which isn't too strange, since that's pretty much all they do. Arya then watches as another person delivers them a scroll. “Lady Stark thanks you for your service,” Littlefinger says, which does not put Arya's mind at ease. They sneak into their room and finds the scroll, which is the message Sansa wrote under duress way back in season one asking their family to pledge allegiance to King Joffrey. From the shadows, Littlefinger sees Arya leave the room.
The Citadel
Bran also sent a raven to the Citadel informing them of their White Walker visions. Sam suggests that the maesters tell everyone that the White Walkers are indeed real. However, they aren't convinced, and think that the letter might be a forgery sent by Dany in order to draw Cersei's armies from the South. They do agree to write back to Winterfell, though. When Sam leaves, the Archmaester says that they haven't told Sam that their father and brother are dead.
Even without that knowledge, Sam isn't having fun at work. He's frustrated that the maesters seem more concerned with counting steps in cities and documenting, uh, bowel movements than with solving real world problems. While Sam vents, Gilly reads from a book that describes how Rhaegar Targaryen, Dany's brother and Jon's real father, had their marriage annulled, and that they got secretly married again in Dorne, presumably to Lyanna Stark. That means Jon would be their lawful son, and perhaps the rightful heir to the Iron Throne instead of Dany.
This flies over Sam's head, though, but they do decide to sneak into the forbidden library again. Not only that, they decide to leave the Citadel altogether.
King's Landing
Jaime returns to Cersei, and tells them they cannot defeat Daenerys. They also tell them that, despite what she's believed, Tyrion didn't kill Joffrey, it was Olenna Tyrell.
Davos and Tyrion arrive by boat at King's Landing to meet Jaime. Underneath the Red Keep, Bronn and Jaime plan to train, only to find Tyrion standing in front of them. Jaime is not at all receptive to their brother's presence, as he's still angry about Tyrion killing their father. Tyrion tells Jaime that the both know that Dany will win this war. When Jaime asks if Dany wants Cersei to bend the knee, Tyrion says no — not now, anyway. Instead, they say they have a “more important request.”
While all that goes down, Davos searches the streets of King's Landing and finds the one and only Gendry, the surviving bastard of the late King Robert Baratheon, last seen sailing away after escaping the Red Woman, who intended to sacrifice them to the Lord of Light. Gendry is happy to join Davos, and they return to their boat. Just as they're about to leave, two soldiers arrive. Davos successfully bribes them at first, but then they see Tyrion. Seeing no other choice, a hammer-wielding Gendry kills the soldiers.
Jaime returns again to Cersei, and tells them that they met with Tyrion. Cersei reveals that they knew about the meeting, and that they allowed it to happen. They also reveal that she's pregnant with Jaime's child, and they will tell anyone who asks that their brother is indeed the father. The two embrace, and it's an oddly touching moment, up until Cersei whispers in Jaime's ear to never betray them again.
Dragonstone
Dany and Drogon return to Dragonstone victorious. The dragon approaches Jon, who nervously reaches out their hand to touch the beast's snout. They successfully pet it without the dragon ripping their arm off, which surprises both them and Dany. They sense Jon's disapproval of their military methods. They also ask them about what Davos meant when they said Jon took a knife to the heart for their people. Before Jon can answer, a greyscale-free Jorah arrives, and Dany welcomes back their old advisor with open arms.
When they return to Dragonstone, Davos tells Gendry to keep their identity a secret. When he's introduced to Jon, Gendry immediately reveals their true identity, and the two bond over their bastard status and their fathers' friendship.
Jon prepares to leave Dragonstone for their White Walker-capturing mission, and Jorah joins him. Jon tells Dany that if they don't survive their mission, they won't have to worry about the King of the North anymore. “I've grown used to him,” Dany replies. By still, my fiery and icy heart.
The Wall
Jon, Jorah, Davos and Gendry arrive at Eastwatch, a castle along The Wall under the care of the wildling Tormund. They want to tell them they want to go beyond The Wall, and Tormund says that they just captured a group wanting to do the same thing. That group consists of The Hound, along with members of the Lord of Light-worshipping Brotherhood Without Banners. Jon and company go to talk to the prisoners, and, after some arguing, Jon assures that everyone is all on the same side. Why? “We're all breathing,” Jon declares.
With that out the way, the whole group begins its snowy journey beyond The Wall.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Entertainment
Rep. Peter Welch (D-Vt.) is not mincing words when it comes to Allergan Inc.'s deal with an American Indian tribe geared toward protecting one of the company's top products.
“I was astonished at the creativity in craft manipulation to extend the patent,” Welch told MarketWatch on Thursday, adding, “they would only do that if they felt a kind of arrogant confidence that they can continue to get away with murder.”
Allergan's AGN, -1.19% agreement with the New York state-based St. Regis Mohawk Tribe, under which Allergan sold the patents on dry eye medication Restasis to the tribe in order to dismiss challenges made through the U.S. Patent and Trade Office's inter partes review process, was announced in September.
Since then, the deal has been widely criticized and invited lawmaker scrutiny. A bipartisan House Oversight committee letter was sent this week—Welch was one of the four signatories—requesting more information about the deal. And Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.), who has said the move “should be illegal,” said on Thursday that they have drafted a bill in response.
See more: Allergan has made an unorthodox agreement with an American Indian tribe to fend off competition for its key product
Drug prices are a key issue for Welch, who met with President Donald Trump and colleague Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.) in March to discuss drug prices and, again with Cummings, sent a letter about prices to manufacturers of multiple sclerosis drugs this summer.
Read: Reps. Cummings, Welch to launch investigation into multiple sclerosis drug prices
Even before Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria and the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history in Las Vegas on Sunday, drug prices seemed to have fallen off the White House's agenda.
But Welch is still hopeful, they said on Thursday, describing prescription drug costs as one of the larger problems facing the U.S., given the spiraling cost of health care.
Related: This billion-dollar dry eye drug is behind Allergan's controversial patent deal
Welch described Allergan's patent deal as alternately “bold,” “brazen” and “bizarre.”
“Congress has a policy by law that extends market protection for a period of time for a new drug, and I'm supportive of that. It allows drug company to recoup their investment costs and make a profit,” they said. “But when companies that have been given this legal protection try to extend it for pretty flimsy reasons, it really comes at the expense of consumers and taxpayers.”
“If legislation is necessary to stop this, I would support legislation,” Welch said. Welch is looking at McCaskill's legislation closely and their office expects they will introduce it in the House next week, according to a spokesperson.
Allergan said in a Friday statement that the company disagrees with Welch, adding that the deal does not fully shield Restasis from patent litigation.
Lawmakers should instead focus on the inter partes review (IPR) process, the company said, referring to another channel by which patents can be challenged and one that many drugmakers have criticized.
Allergan has “repeatedly” said it is concerned about the IPR process, the company said, since the process undermines the “delicate balance” of the Hatch-Waxman generic law, is implemented through the “not-impartial” Patent and Trademark Office and “creates an unnecessary and unfair burden on innovators of branded medicines by opening up patents to parallel and often inconsistently adjudicated challenges before both federal courts and the Patent Trial and Appeal Board.”
But Welch said the request was “just changing the topic,” adding, “that has nothing to do with scheming to extend the life of the patent.”
FOND DU LAC, WI--(Marketwired - January 02, 2017) - Mercury Marine, the world leader in recreational, commercial and government marine propulsion, announced today that it has entered in to an exclusive distribution agreement with Supratechnic Pte Ltd, one of the largest marine distributors in Asia, based out of Singapore. This strategic partnership will allow Mercury to expand and build a regional distribution channel in Southeast Asia that will include all of Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, and Brunei.
"This new relationship will allow Mercury to further penetrate the commercial market in Asia, giving us the opportunity to grow both in product range and territorial expansion," said John Pfeifer, Mercury Marine president. "We have very robust growth plans over the next three years for our commercial business and expect to see that growth immediately."
"This is a great opportunity for a very well established, and successful distribution company in a commercial market region like Asia to partner with one of the largest marine propulsion companies in the world," said Mr. Chow Kum Hoong, managing director of Supratechnic. "We have been in business with Mercury's competitor for over 40 years. We are very impressed with the new line of Sea Pro commercial outboards and they will perfectly match our vision for growth in these commercial markets. We are excited about this new relationship and look forward to a strong future together."
Under this new distribution agreement, Supratechnic will operate as an exclusive independent distributor, developing its own dealer and branch network throughout Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, and Brunei. Supratechnic's dealer network of more than 50 locations will all now offer Mercury product, some exclusively.
"This partnership allows Mercury to align itself with the best distribution partner in the commercial market in Asia," said Randy Caruana, Mercury Marine vice president North & Central America and Asia Pacific. "Malaysia and Indonesia account for a large percentage of the outboard industry volume in Asia, so making sure we are aligned to be successful with the right partner is paramount. Mercury now has the best line of commercial outboards and competitive diesels to help grow our business in these markets."
"The combination of Mercury's industry leading products with Supratechnic's outstanding marketing, distribution and service will drive growth for both companies," said Pfeifer. "It is a perfect fit."
About Mercury Marine
The U.K. government proposed a series of measures to punish directors who behave irresponsibly and protect workers and suppliers from the worst effects of bankruptcies.
The steps will be outlined Tuesday, the government said in an emailed statement that flagged how “a small number of recent corporate governance failures have raised concerns that company directors can unfairly shield themselves from the effects of insolvency and -- in the worst cases -- profit from business failures while workers and small suppliers lose out.”
The announcement comes two months after the collapse of government contractor Carillion Plc, which left ministers grappling with how to salvage tens of thousands of jobs and public-private contracts affecting schools, hospitals, roads and military facilities around the country.
Proposals include fines and disqualification for company directors who sell companies “recklessly,” reversing “inappropriate asset-stripping” in order to return money to creditors such as workers and suppliers, and giving the government's Insolvency Service the power to investigate directors who dissolve companies to avoid large debts.
Ministers will also examine how to improve decision-making around the payment of dividends in order to make it more transparent. The government will also strengthen the role and responsibilities of shareholders in determining how companies they invest in are run. A new law will be introduced in coming months requiring companies to reveal the pay ratio between bosses and employees.
Tim Gionet, left, and James Allsup, right, after their Uber driver kicked them out of their car outside the Washington Monument in Washington DC on Friday evening.
Uber permanently banned white supremacist James Allsup from its ride-hail platform on Saturday after an Uber driver in Washington DC kicked them and alt-right leader Tim Gionet, better known as Baked Alaska on Twitter, out of their ride for allegedly making racist remarks. The decision makes Uber one of a handful of tech companies that denied service to groups or individuals associated with the violent white supremacist rally that took place in Charlottesville, Virginia on Saturday.
"Drivers always have the right to refuse service to riders who are disrespectful or make them feel unsafe, as the driver in this case rightly did,” Uber said in a statement to BuzzFeed News. “We've reached out to the driver to make sure she's okay, and express our support for them and how they handled this situation. The rider has been permanently removed from our platform."
According to Uber, Allsup and Gionet were riding past the African American Museum in DC on Friday evening when their comments finally made their driver, an unidentified African-American woman, uncomfortable enough that they ended the ride and told the pair to leave. Gionet posted a video to Twitter in which they repeatedly ask the driver, “why are we racist?” The video ends shortly after the driver pulls away, leaving them standing beside the Washington Monument.
The exchange took place one day before the white supremacist group Unite the Right hosted a rally at the University of Virginia campus in Charlottesville, Virginia on August 12. The rally turned violent, leaving one anti-racist protester dead and 19 others injured. Both Gionet and Allsup were reportedly scheduled to speak at the event, which Allsup later said they only attended in a media capacity. Neither immediately responded to a request for comment from BuzzFeed News. Allsup has since resigned their position as president of the College Republicans at Washington State University.
"The events surrounding the white supremacist rally in the City of Charlottesville are deeply disturbing and tragic,” said Uber in a statement. “We stand against this hate, violence, and discrimination.”
After talking with Gionet and Allsup's Uber driver on Saturday morning, Uber decided to permanently ban Allsup, who tweeted about it Saturday afternoon. Uber said while it did initially issue Allsup an automatic refund after they filed a complaint, the driver was paid in full for the ride.
Meanwhile, also on Saturday, the company shared the following note with drivers in the Charlottesville area, warning them that a State of Emergency had been declared following violent clashes, and reminding them of their “right to feel safe and respected when you use our platform.”
NYU kid considered chopping arm off The NYU student who was trapped for a day and a half in a tiny building crevice considered pulling a “127 Hours” — chopping their arm off the free themselves just like the mountain climber made...
'Missing' student was drinking, fell off fire escape The NYU student trapped in a narrow building crevice for up to 36 hours told cops they were drinking and tumbled from a fire escape into the gap, sources told...
Wild bees, such as bumblebees, don't get as much love as honeybees, but they should. They play just as crucial a role in pollinating many fruits, vegetables, and wildflowers, and compared to managed colonies of honeybees, they're in much greater jeopardy.
A group of scientists in the United Kingdom decided to look at how bumblebee queens are affected by some widely used and highly controversial pesticides known as neonicotinoids. What they found isn't pretty.
Neonics, as they're often called, are applied as a coating on the seeds of some of the most widely grown crops in the country, including corn, soybeans, and canola. These pesticides are "systemic" — they move throughout the growing plants. Traces of them end up in pollen, which bees consume. Neonicotinoid residues also have been found in the pollen of wildflowers growing near fields and in nearby streams.
The scientists, based at Royal Holloway University of London, set up a laboratory experiment with bumblebee queens. They fed those queens a syrup containing traces of a neonicotinoid pesticide called thiamethoxam, and the amount of the pesticide, they say, was similar to what bees living near fields of neonic-treated canola might be exposed to.
Bumblebee queens exposed to the pesticide were 26 percent less likely to lay eggs, compared to queens that weren't exposed to the pesticide. The team published their findings in the journal Nature Ecology and Evolution.
"Without the queen laying eggs, there is no colony," says Nigel Raine, one of the scientists who conducted the experiment. Raine helped start the experiment, but has since moved to the University of Guelph in Canada.
According to Raine and their colleagues, the reduction in reproduction is so large that wild bumblebee populations exposed to these chemicals could enter a spiral of decline and eventually die out.
"To me, based on the data we have, it seems like quite a big impact," Raine says.
But they say scientists don't know how harmful the pesticide exposure is in the wild, compared to other perils the bees face, such as disappearing wildflowers that bees rely on for food. "I don't think we have a really good handle on how important, say, nutrition limitation is — if they can't find the right flowers. Or parasite loads. I'd say [neonic exposure] is important and significant, but other factors may be important and significant, too," they say.
The results are likely to strengthen calls for further restrictions on use of the pesticides. The European Union imposed a temporary moratorium on use of neonicotinoid pesticides on many crops in 2013, and is now considering proposals to make that moratorium permanent. Pesticide companies and some farmers are fighting those restrictions. They argue that the moratorium has led to lower yields of canola and an increase in spraying of other pesticides to fight insects that previously were controlled by neonicotinoid coatings on seeds.
A tower at McCarran International Airport appears in this undated file photo. (File/FOX5)
There were slightly more travelers coming through McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas in last month compared to the same time in 2017.
Monthly data released Friday by the Clark County Department of Aviation show almost 4.3 million people flew into and out of the airport in March.
That's about 92,000 more people and the equivalent of a 2.2 percent increase.
About 91 percent of passengers last month were on domestic flights. About 7 percent of passengers were traveling on international flights.
The county reports about 10.6 million travelers have passed through the airport so far this year.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
To listen to the commentary, President Trump used an inappropriate term at the United Nations — not just Rocket Man, but “sovereignty.”
It wasn't surprising that liberal analysts freaked out over Trump's nickname for Kim Jong-un and their warning that, if necessary, we'd “totally destroy” their country. These lines were calculated to get a reaction. More interesting was the allergy to the president's defense of sovereign nations.
MSNBC's Brian Williams wondered if the repeated use of the word “sovereignty” was a “dog whistle.” CNN's Jim Sciutto called it “a loaded term” and “a favorite expression of authoritarian leaders.”
It was a widely repeated trope that Trump's speech was “a giant gift,” in the words of BuzzFeed, to China and Russia. In The Atlantic, Peter Beinart concluded that the address amounted to “imperialism.” If so, couched in the rhetoric of the mutual respect of nations, it's the best-disguised imperialist manifesto in history.
Trump's critics misrepresent the speech and misunderstand the nationalist vision that Trump was setting out. They didn't defend a valueless international relativism.
At the start, they warned that “authoritarian powers seek to collapse the values, the systems, and alliances that prevented conflict and tilted the world toward freedom since World War II.” They praised the US Constitution as a “timeless document [that] has been the foundation of peace, prosperity and freedom for the Americans and for countless millions around the globe.”
“The Marshall Plan,” they said, “was built on the noble idea that the whole world is safer when nations are strong, independent and free.”
And they stated, correctly, that “our citizens have paid the ultimate price to defend our freedom and the freedom of many nations represented in this great hall.”
Just window dressing? Trump returned to similar language in their denunciation of the world's rogue states. The Iranian government is hiding “a corrupt dictatorship behind the false guise of a democracy.” And the US seeks “the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela.”
Critics say these passages contradict their emphasis on the sovereignty of all nations, and there is no doubt a tension in Trump's emerging foreign policy. But they outlined a few key expectations.
They said, repeatedly, that we want “strong and independent nations” committed to promoting “security, prosperity and peace.” And we look for nations “to respect the interests of their own people and the rights of every other sovereign nation.”
Every country that Trump criticized by name fails one or both of these tests. So do Russia and China. Hence Trump's oblique criticism of their aggression: “We must reject threats to sovereignty, from Ukraine to the South China Sea.”
Trump's standards aren't drawn out of thin air. A consistent nationalist believes in the right of every nation to govern itself. Moreover, modern nationalism developed alongside the idea of popular sovereignty — i.e., the people have the right to rule, and the state is their agent, not the other way around. This is why the rise of nationalism was the worst thing to happen to dynastic rulers in Europe.
Trump's core claim that “the nation-state remains the best vehicle for elevating the human condition” is indubitably correct; it is what makes self-government possible. Given the choice between being governed by imperial center or transnational authorities, the people of almost every nation will choose — and fight if necessary — to govern themselves. (See the American Revolution.)
The UN charter itself says, “The Organization is based on the principle of the sovereign equality of all its Members.” To the extent that the UN is now a gathering place for people who hope the nation-state will be eclipsed, it's useful to tell them that it's not going away.
Yet the speech did indeed have weaknesses. As usual, their bellicose lines stepped on their finer points; similarly, their personal combativeness prevents them from exploiting the potentially unifying themes of their nationalism at home. And even if sovereignty is important, it can't bear the weight of being the organizing principle of US foreign policy: Trump should add more principle to their “principled realism.”
The president's foreign-policy vision is clearly still a work in progress, as they accommodate themselves to the American international role that they for so long considered a rip-off and waste of time. Trump is adjusting to being the head of a sovereign nation — that happens to be the leader of the world.
One lawmaker wants local governments to be able to set their own gas tax (Source: WAFB)
One lawmaker wants local governments to be able to set their own gas tax (Source: WAFB)
Desperate times call for desperate measures. Rep. Steve Carter, R-Baton Rouge, says he's tired of the gridlock and wants to get the Red Stick moving. “It's not fair to the citizens. It's not fair to people who travel through our city,” they said.
Last year, Carter failed to convince their fellow lawmakers to increase the state gas tax to help pay for the backlog of state road projects and improvements. Now, he's pitching a new idea, giving local governments the power to raise the tax on fuel instead.
For example, in the capital region, they could boost the gas tax to help cover the costs of a new Mississippi River Bridge. Meanwhile, people in other parts of the state where they do not have to deal with Baton Rouge traffic would not have to pay.
“Nobody wants to tax, and I don't want to tax. I'm Republican. I don't like taxing, but I do want to find in a practical way to solve the problem,” Carter said.
RELATED: La. legislator shelves bill boosting state's gas tax
But the head of DOTD says not so fast. Sec. Shawn Wilson said it's important to keep expectations in check, especially when it comes to the new bridge, estimated to cost about $800 million. “One penny of gas tax is only $30 million across the entire state and to narrow that down to five parishes, it's going to be difficult to generate enough money to make a significant impact,” Wilson said.
There's also a chance drivers may just wait to fuel up until they get to a parish where the gas tax is lower. Wilson says the “sensible” solution is to pass a gas tax boost statewide and start tackling more projects. “Until such time as we really address our problems in a sustainable way, we're going to continue to do patchwork,” they said.
However, for now, that patchwork is the only option some see as being politically possible.
The bill comes up for its first vote Tuesday at the capitol. The bill is a constitutional amendment, meaning local governments will not get this power unless the voters statewide say so.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Michelle Obama's “Good Friend” Is BUSTED In Sex Scandal- “He Is A Wonderful Human Being”
Are we shocked that Michelle and Barack are such fans of sex creep Harvey Weinstein that they even sent their daughter to intern with him?
On Thursday, it was finally reported that film producer Harvey Weinstein is face decades worth of accusations of sexual harassment from women in their many workplaces.
Harvey Weinstein is a 65-year-old film producer and film studio executive who co-founded Miramax with their brother Bob in 1979. Harvey won an Oscar for producing Shakespeare In Love and was on hand to produce movies including Pulp Fiction, Clerks, and The Crying Game. As well, they won several Tony Awards for producing stage shows including The Producers and Billy Elliot the Musical.
In 2013, a New York Post film critic accused Weinstein of producing anti-Catholic films including Philomena, a 2013 film about the forcible adoption of an Irish woman's son, who was taken away by nuns. Upon traveling to the States from Ireland, the mother finds their son was gay and died of AIDS and was later told by that their death happened because their mother had a baby out of wedlock.
He's basically using a massacre to garner sympathy. How Clintonian! #HarveyWeinsteinhttps://t.co/S0Va4wG1j2 — Art Tavana (@arttavana) October 5, 2017
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now
In 2013, White House archives show that Michelle Obama referred to Weinstein as a “wonderful human being” in October of 2016.
“…I want to start by thanking Harvey Weinstein for organizing this amazing day. Harvey. This is possible because of Harvey. He's a wonderful human being, a good friend and just a powerhouse.”
While attending a 2013 fundraiser hosted by Weinstein, Barack Obama thanked Harvey for their “friendship and support” while praising their “amazing movies.” Weinstein has donated almost $600,000 to various Democrats and has hosted and attended more than a few pricey fundraisers for both the Obamas and the Clintons. Some good news: Some Democrats have already returned their donations. There's some good people in the world after all! Even across the aisle, lots of people don't like taking money from harassers. (But they'll vote for Bill?)
There's another thing to consider: Malia Obama worked an internship at the start of this year with Weinstein when they were 18. Michelle Obama had previously said that Malia wanted to be a filmmaker, and in 2015 they interned with another gross liberal sexual abuser Lena Dunham on Girls. And before that, in the summer of 2014, they interned on Extant, a scifi show executive producers by Steven Spielberg and others which has now been cancelled.
If you want to watch Michelle thank Harvey, I've skipped ahead to the 43 second mark where they mention him:
A wet, wintry Irish Independent Park was the setting for Banbridge's tenth Ulster Bank League game of the season.
Having squeezed home against Dolphin on home territory the previous weekend, the Rifle Park lads knew they would have to front up if they were to repeat the victory in the return fixture in Cork.
As expected, they were made to fight for every point but in the end they had done enough, just, to record a seventh AIL league win.
Dolphin were penalised in the opening minute, allowing Bann skipper Ian Porter to kick their side into a three point lead. And when Adam Doherty was taken out following their chip into the home “22”, Porter doubled their side's advantage off the tee with 14 minutes played.
But three minutes later the influential scrum-half had to retire injured, forcing Bann to re-jig their back line, with Josh Cromie taking over at pivot and Ben Carson coming off the bench to fill the No 10 position.
Barry Keeshan pulled back three points for the home side with a successful penalty kick in the 22nd minute after mishandling in the Bann ranks had caused an infringement.
Bann were still trying to stretch the Dolphin defence and despite the conditions put together a fine move, with slick handling almost putting them in at the corner. But the referee had seen an earlier midfield infringement and Doherty stroked over their side's third penalty for a 9-3 lead.
There was no further scoring before the break despite Josh Cromie's 55 metre run down the narrow side, with John Porter just failing to get their pass away with the line beckoning.
Dolphin dominated the third quarter, kicking astutely and using their strong pack to keep Bann contained in their own half. Keeshan's penalty effort on 51 minutes came off an upright but Bann knocked on to give the home side a five metre scrum. The pressure was relentless and eventually the defence cracked, with flanker Barry Fitzgerald crossing midway out for a try that Keeshan couldn't better off the tee.
As the game went into the final quarter it was still the home side calling the shots and a drop goal attempt went just wide of the uprights. But Bann did well to retrieve the ball from the drop-out re-start. Lock Matthew Laird picked up the ruck ball and their storming 40-metre run took play into the Dolphin “22” for the first time since the interval. The Bann forwards then went through the phases, taking play close to the line and prop Stuart Cromie finished off with a try close to the posts.
Doherty's conversion took the score to 8-16 with 13 minutes remaining. Keeshan's penalty made it a one score game with none minutes left on the clock but Bann had enough nous to see the game out without offering the opposition a serious scoring opportunity.
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
2:03 Steve Smith hosts annual Lace Up Son Family 5K
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
3:38 We'll be there
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
0:23 Weddington Warriors are 3AA champions
Video
One morning in 1947 Harchet, a Sikh man, was told to start walking. They ended up walking, like hundreds of others, for 11 days.
As they went through village after village on that long walk from Pakistan to India, more and more people joined them. It was a dangerous route, along which many people were killed.
Told for the first time, these are the personal stories of horror and humanity from when British rule in India came to a dramatic and violent end, and two nations were born.
By Jason Keidel
There were ample plots and subplots to the Rams-Eagles game yesterday, and yet they were all buried by the end of a fantastic contest, one that lived up to the billing, the teams, and their resumes.
At the end of the game the expected narratives seemed to be flipped on their heads. Though the Eagles won, they seemed to have lost their leader, the best player, and likely NFL MVP, QB Carson Wentz. (That impression has since been confirmed.) Not only did Wentz toss one TD pass after another, they kept slinging even after they dove into the end zone, took a limb-crunching shot, and shredded their left ACL. Limping and wincing throughout, Wentz kept playing until they couldn't, and was forced under that makeshift blue medical tent, where their day — and their season — seemed to end.
So a win felt like a loss for Philly. And perhaps the Rams felt a bit like they won. Though the scoreboard said one thing, the Rams now find a gentler playoff path that won't include Carson Wentz. And with the Vikings losing to the Panthers yesterday, the Rams still have an outside shot to host some playoff games.
At the end, the wildly entertaining, high-scoring, pyrotechnic 43-35 score in favor of Philadelphia left us with endless scripts, twisting paths to the playoffs and, possibly, the Super Bowl.
>>WATCH: The NFL on CBS All Access – Try It Free
Not that the Eagles are tossing in any towels. Nick Foles finished what Wentz started. And Philadelphians will recall that Foles once started a season for the Eagles, and finished it quite well. It was a season that ended with a playoff birth, with Foles posting PlayStation numbers. Indeed, the year was 2013, and Foles threw 27 touchdowns and just two interceptions in 10 games, stats that would even make Aaron Rodgers blush. The Eagles went 8-2 in the games Foles started, and they led the NFL in yards per attempt, yards per completion, and passer rating (119.2).
With Wentz finished — the somber word just came down from head coach Doug Pederson — Foles is, at least, the best backup in the NFL. Or at least the most accomplished, with a career record of 20-16. And Foles is familiar with the turbulent, predatory fan base of Philadelphia, perhaps the most ornery in America. If Foles fails, it will be based on their merit, not their makeup.
For the Rams, they at least walk, not limp, away with their QB Jared Goff in good health. Though they lost the game, they still posted 35 points against a top-three defense. Todd Gurley gained 136 total yards and scored two touchdowns. Goff completed 62 percent of their passes, for two touchdowns (0 INT) and a robust 110.9 passer rating.
The Rams (9-4) are two games behind the Eagles (11-2) with three games to play, so the No. 1 seed is likely doomed. The Vikings (10-3) are one game up on the Rams, and beat Los Angeles a few weeks ago. But with some luck and a winning streak, the Rams will at least win the NFC West, and perhaps bag the second or third seed in the NFC, which will get them a playoff game at the Los Angeles Coliseum. If a second-year QB can win Comeback Player of the Year, it would be Goff. And if a rookie coach could win Coach of the Year, then strong consideration should go to Rams head man Sean McVay.
>>MORE: Commentary from CBS Local Sports Voices
Perhaps the only better candidate is the man McVay failed to beat yesterday — Mr Pederson — who is leading the Eagles to their best season since their Super Bowl run in 2005, if not their only other Super Bowl club, in 1980.
So Philadelphia has a gold-plated path to the top spot in the NFC and a frigid, Philly advantage in the playoffs. The question they didn't want to answer but must, is can they reach the Super Bowl through their home-field edge in Pennsylvania, without the Governor of Wentzylvania under center?
Jason writes a weekly column for CBS Local Sports.  They are a native New Yorker, sans the elitist sensibilities, and believes there's a world west of the Hudson River. A Yankees devotee and Steelers groupie, they have been scouring the forest of fertile NYC sports sections since the 1970s. They have written over 500 columns for WFAN/CBS NY, and also worked as a freelance writer for Sports Illustrated and Newsday subsidiary amNew York. They made their bones as a boxing writer, occasionally covering fights in Las Vegas, Atlantic City, but mostly inside Madison Square Garden. Follow them on Twitter @JasonKeidel.
The best thing for the future of ECB policy is if the currency stays in its current range.
Rather than looking at what investors expect, perhaps the better question is: What does the European Central Bank want to achieve out of its April 26 meeting? Sticking the euro in a box is the answer.
Currency stability helps its cause as it manages the delicate balancing act of bringing its QE stimulus packages to a close sometime this year. The Governing Council's coordinated message – that ending bond purchases doesn't need to be rushed – has helped take the wind out of the euro's sails. What officials need to do now is focus on keeping it in the range it's already set this year. That should buy it time to steer the decision-making process over the summer.
Off the Top Having twice exceeded 1.25 versus the dollar in February, the euro has lost 2.5 percent Source: Bloomberg
So expect President Mario Draghi's answers at the press conference following Thursday's policy decision to carefully avoid putting the euro on a track to repeat last year's performance, when its gain versus the dollar last year made it the best-performing G10 currency.
Back in the Pack The euro is having a quieter year after rising about 14% vs the dollar in 2017, the most of the G10 currencies Source: Bloomberg
That pickup created a drag on the region's economic recovery, raising the worrying prospect that the ECB's hard-fought stimulus efforts could go to waste. A rapidly rising currency undermines a recovery in exports, particularly for the region's weaker countries – and the struggle may have already started. The euro area composite Purchasing Managers' Index dropped to 55.2 in March from February's 57.1, the biggest decline in six years.
A stronger currency also risks dragging down inflation when officials are already struggling mightily to stoke price gains. That would set the stage for a delay to decision making around the end of QE, not to mention the potential for pushing out the actual end date, something that's more ridiculous the longer the economic recovery beds down.
Equally, don't expect Draghi to go too far on talking down the euro. As Gadfly has argued, if the euro were to drop too fast that would just bring the hawks out of hibernation and raise pressure for a faster exit. Until recently, some ECB members had been pushing hard to break the link between the inflation outlook and forward guidance on bond purchases. That is not a debate that Draghi wants to resurface any sooner than it has to.
If journalists ask them whether policymakers have started debating on how soon a rate rise can follow the end of QE, they will be unlikely to offer too much insight beyond their mantra of "confidence, persistence and patience."
Draghi has already set the stage for removing the fire under the euro with comments on Friday at the International Monetary Fund meeting in Washington. They said while recent data suggest growth “may have peaked,” momentum “is expected to continue.” That's a signal for the euro to avoid running up too far, but also not to lose faith and sink too low.
It's quite the balancing act. But barring any dollar volatility – something that can never be ruled out – the common currency should be happy to bump along its current levels for a while yet.
Have You Been 'Pwned' in a Hack Attack? Troy Hunt Can Tell
Troy Hunt has collected a trove of 4.8 billion stolen identity records pulled from the darkest corners of the internet -- but they aren't a hacker.
Instead, they use that repository to help ordinary people navigate the growing scourge of the corporate data breach. All that personal information was originally taken from brand-name services such as LinkedIn, Kickstarter, Dropbox, MySpace and the cheating website Ashley Madison, and later assembled by Hunt.
Working barefoot and in beachwear from their home office on Australia's Gold Coast, the amiable security researcher set up their irreverent website, "Have I Been Pwned?" (POHND), in 2013. Millions of people have since used the free service to see if hackers have liberated their personal details from unwary companies and posted them online.
Along the way, Hunt has become a close student of data breaches and the slipshod security that makes many companies easy prey for attackers. He's exposed several such thefts himself, in some cases identifying them before the companies themselves did.
MASON — Two days before graduation and commencement ceremonies, a reported threat canceled classes on Wednesday at Wahama Junior/Senior High School.
According to reports from Superintendent Jack Cullen and Lt. Jeff Fields of the Mason County Sheriff's Department, prior to school starting on Wednesday, a written threat was discovered by a custodian inside the building. Fields and Principal Kenny Bond were alerted to the discovery and, after consulting with Cullen, the decision was made to return buses to the school and dismiss students by 8:30 a.m., followed by staff.
Fields, who is also the school's resource officer, said they are conducting an investigation into the matter, along with conducting interviews, to determine the credibility of the reported threat. As of Wednesday afternoon, Fields said no one had been charged in the incident. Cullen said if the investigation results in a charge, it would likely be a felony.
Both Fields and Cullen said that every threat has to be taken seriously.
“There's been 23 shootings on school campuses in 2018…we don't want to be the next one,” Cullen said about the decision to err on the side of caution when sending students and staff home to evaluate a reported threat.
Cullen added, in addition to the sheriff's department, law enforcement personnel with the West Virginia State Police and Mason Police Department, as well as personnel with Mason County 911 were at the school Wednesday and swept the building, determining it was safe. After this sweep and consulting with law enforcement which will have an added presence in the building until the last day of school on June 11, classes will resume on Thursday (today) on a normal schedule, Cullen said.
Additional law enforcement will also be present during Wahama's graduation ceremony on Friday evening at the school.
No other schools were dismissed on Wednesday though other area schools were alerted of the situation and urged to be even more alert, in addition to following security measures already in place, Cullen said.
Wahama seniors are not in class this week, with their final day as students being last Friday.
http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/05/web1_3.18-PPR-Graphic-24.jpg
By Beth Sergent bsergent@aimmediamidwest.com
Beth Sergent is editor of Ohio Valley Publishing.
Beth Sergent is editor of Ohio Valley Publishing.
Vice President Mike Pence tamped down President Donald Trump's threats of U.S. military intervention in Venezuela amid growing regional fears that such comments have strengthened that country's president, Nicolás Maduro.
Source:: World News
CALGARY — The company behind the proposed Trans Mountain pipeline expansion has dropped a request that the National Energy Board allow it to conduct some construction activity on the multi-billion dollar project.
Last week, lawyers representing Kinder Morgan Canada subsidiary Trans Mountain asked the board for permission to install mats to deter fish spawning after the board told it last month to stop doing so.
The lawyers said if the request was not granted, construction on the $7.4-billion project could be delayed by a year.
Lawyer Terri-Lee Oleniuk at Osler, Hoskin & Harcourt has now written to the NEB saying the window for "safely and effectively" installing the mats has passed and the company is withdrawing the request.
The board told the company to stop installing the deterrent mats because they're considered construction activity, and the company does not yet have all conditions approved for pipeline construction.
Oleniuk says in a letter issued Friday that Trans Mountain intends to remove the existing mats and notes that doing so while the fish are spawning could constitute serious harm under the Fisheries Act.
First Nations, environmentalists and the B.C. government have expressed opposition to the project, which would nearly triple the capacity of the pipeline running from Edmonton to Burnaby, B.C., saying the expansion could have serious implications for the environment.
The Canadian Press
Remember this night come May 15. If the Knicks finish behind the Bulls in the NBA draft lottery and lose out on a coveted player as a result, it could be costly.
Monday night's 110-92 victory at the Garden, the Knicks' second straight after losing 17 of their previous 18, dropped them to 1 ¹/₂ games behind the Bulls for the eighth spot in the draft order with 11 games left. They also trail the Kings by three full games for seventh.
After an ugly first quarter in which the teams looked like they were both actively tanking — they shot a combined 15-of-48 from the field and scored a gruesome 37 points — the Knicks took control over the next two stanzas.
They outscored the Bulls, who were without Kris Dunn, Zach LaVine and Laurie Markkanen, by 15 in the second and third quarters and led by as many as 20. Tim Hardaway Jr. has figured prominently in the past two victories, averaging 23.5 points, and they scored 22 on Monday. Michael Beasley added 17 points, and Troy Williams had 11 off the bench. The Knicks have strung together consecutive wins for the first time since beating the Suns and Nets on Jan. 26 and 30, but in doing so, they may have hurt their draft prospects.
Nebraska commit Garrett Nelson was in Lincoln this weekend to check out the spring game. Nelson has been to a number of Nebraska home games and each and every time they get chills. Even for a spring...
A Russian warplane was shot down Saturday in Syria, according to a Russian state-run news agency.
The Russian Ministry of Defense confirmed one of its Su-25 warplanes was downed in Syria's Idlib province, state media outlet RIA Novosti reported. The ministry said the pilot was able to eject from the plane but died.
The Idlib Media Center, an anti-government activist group, posted images that purportedly show the plane's wreckage.
Militants shot down the plane in an area controlled by al Nusra Front rebels, according to the RIA Novosti report. Russia and Turkey, which is responsible for the de-escalation zone in Idlib, were taking measures to return the pilot's body, the defense ministry said.
Russian state-run news agency TASS reported that "according to preliminary information, the plane was shot down from a portable anti-aircraft missile system."
Witnesses said the pilot was taken from the crash site, according to Rami Abdel Rahman, director of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a UK-based monitoring group. It was unclear whether the pilot was alive or dead, they said.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime recently resumed airstrikes on rebel-held areas such as Idlib province in the country's northwest, prompting tens of thousands of civilians to flee their homes, according to UN officials.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
LOS ANGELES — The Latest on the premiere of “Star Wars: The Last Jedi” (all times local):
5:45 p.m.
The world premiere event of “Star Wars: The Last Jedi” has begun with a squad of Stormtroopers and droids among the early arrivals.
In addition to the Stormtroopers, a group of elite guards clad in red and some of the franchise's most recognizable droids, C-3PO, R2-D2 and BB-8 made their way down the red carpet. They made their way into the site as Star Wars music played. They passed cheering fans, some clutching Porg toys and others snapping images with their smartphones.
The premiere is being held at the Shrine Auditorium near downtown Los Angeles.
It will be the first time anyone other than select VIPs have seen the eighth installment in the core Star Wars franchise, which follows the adventures of the Skywalker clan. “The Last Jedi” includes the return of Luke Skywalker, who was only seen briefly in 2015's “Star Wars: The Force Awakens,” and the final performance of late actor Carrie Fisher.
——
5:25 p.m.
Fans clutching Porg toys and some bounty hunter masks have gathered outside the premiere of “Star Wars: The Last Jedi.”
Some of the fans are in bleachers set up outside the premiere site, which includes a towering model of an assault vehicle used by the film's villains, gun turrets and giant images of the film's characters.
Saturday's premiere is the first time anyone other than select VIPs have seen the eighth installment in the core Star Wars franchise, which follows the adventures of the Skywalker clan. “The Last Jedi” includes the return of Luke Skywalker, who was only seen briefly in 2015's “Star Wars: The Force Awakens,” and the final performance of late actor Carrie Fisher.
“The Last Jedi” introduces several new characters and creatures, including Porgs, small furry bird-like creatures that inhabit the island where Skywalker has self-exiled himself.
——
4:45 p.m.
After tweeting that snow in Atlanta might keep them from making the “Star Wars: The Last Jedi” premiere in Los Angeles, actor John Boyega has apparently landed, just without their luggage.
Publicist Lindsay Galin told The Associated Press that Boyega's flight did take off Saturday morning and that they were “on schedule” to make Saturday night's event. Early in the day, Boyega had tweeted from Atlanta: “Looks like no one's leaving!” and “I actually NEED a pilot.” A snow storm led to hundreds of cancellations at Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport.
Boyega tweeted Saturday afternoon that they had arrived in Los Angeles, but their luggage didn't arrive with him.
Boyega's earlier tweets prompted a flurry of Star Wars jokes and memes online, including one from a fan who suggested Harrison Ford fly them to the premiere. Ford, a licensed pilot, co-starred with Boyega in 2015's “Star Wars: The Force Awakens.”
——
12:40 p.m.
After tweeting that snow in Atlanta might keep them from making the “Star Wars: The Last Jedi” premiere in Los Angeles, actor John Boyega is apparently on theirs way.
Publicist Lindsay Galin tells The Associated Press that Boyega's flight did take off Saturday morning and that they were “on schedule” to make Saturday night's event. Early in the day, Boyega had tweeted from Atlanta: “Looks like no one's leaving!” and “I actually NEED a pilot.” A snow storm led to hundreds of cancellations at Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport.
Boyega is reprising their role from the 2015 release “Star Wars: The Force Awakens.” The British actor plays Finn, a former Stormtrooper who escapes the First Order to join the Resistance.
——
12 a.m.
Star Wars is taking over a site near downtown Los Angeles in anticipation of the premiere of the franchise's latest film.
Crews worked Friday to set up the Shrine Auditorium for Saturday's world premiere of “Star Wars: The Last Jedi.” A giant assault vehicle and gun turrets towered over the carpet where guests will make their way into the venue.
It will be the first time the eighth film in the core Star Wars franchise, which includes the return of Luke Skywalker and Carrie Fisher's final role, is shown beyond a select group of VIPs.
“The Last Jedi” is one of the year's biggest releases. Early box office projections are for the film to debut in the $200 million range on its first weekend.
Equifax Breach Has Businesses Uneasy About Security
The Equifax breach is reminding small business owners that they may be vulnerable to cybercriminals. Companies that provide security and other technology services to small businesses say they've had an increase in calls from customers since Equifax revealed that the personal information of 143 million Americans had been exposed. The hack galvanized some owners into dealing with long-delayed issues.
"A customer called me today wanting to replace their one remaining XP computer," says Bob Herman, owner of IT Tropolis, a tech service company in Fountain Valley, California. Microsoft stopped providing security updates for XP models three and a half years ago.
Small businesses often lag behind big companies in data security, not believing they might be targets. But 61 percent of the victims of breaches in 2016 were businesses with fewer than 1,000 employees, according to a Verizon survey. And experts say small companies are being targeted more because they don't have the sophisticated defenses that big corporations do.
Still, Equifax says its systems were breached after it failed to correctly install a software patch designed to eliminate a vulnerability. Applying patches as soon as they're available and watching for new ones are critical for a company to protect itself, experts say.
But many small business owners, sidetracked by other issues, don't pay enough attention, says Diana Burley, a George Washington University professor whose expertise is internet security. Many don't have staffers or vendors to monitor technology, and no plan to improve their security.
"When you're in a crisis situation is not the time to develop a plan," Burley says.
Small businesses can be harmed by cybercriminals in a variety of ways. Here are some companies' experiences:
Faulty Apps
Towne & Country Building Inspection downloaded several apps to enhance the Google calendar the company uses for customer appointments. In July, owner Scot McLean noticed some glitches -- an appointment might disappear, or show up on another day. The problems persisted for about a week, stopped and started again. Then suddenly, four weeks of appointments vanished.
McLean's staffer in charge of technology determined that the apps were vulnerable to hacking, and someone was able to log in and erase the appointments.
"The hack cost us thousands of dollars in lost revenue," McLean says. Towne & Country was able to recreate part of the calendar, but most of the appointments were lost. Some frustrated customers didn't rebook, turning instead to other inspection services.
The Bayside, Wisconsin company eliminated all apps as well as plugins that added features. It changed its passwords and set up two-step verification, which requires a password and a single-use numerical code to log in.
A Wrong Click
Reuben Kats clicked on an attachment in an email nearly a year ago and soon found all the files of their website design business were encrypted and unable to be used. Grabresults.com was the victim of ransomware, or malicious software that hackers plant, hoping to extort money by holding a user's files hostage until they're paid a ransom.
Kats avoided paying because the Los Angeles-based company's files were backed up on a secure online service. Although infected computers can be fixed by returning them to factory condition, erasing all contaminated files, they chose to buy a new one.
Kat realizes the culprit email had a phony address. Now they check before they click.
"I make sure all emails are sent from the actual company domain name," Kats says.
Overwhelmed by Malware
Hackers got into the website of Hyannis Whale Watcher Cruises in March 2016, just a month before the company's seasonal boat trips were scheduled to start.
When website manager Melissa Marchand called the company that hosts the website, they learned there were 100,000 pages of pornography on the site. This was a crisis: 90 percent of the Barnstable, Massachusetts, company's tickets are sold online.
Marchand contacted a computer security company that began removing malware from the website, a process that took two days. By the third day, the cruise company was selling tickets again. Marchand estimates it took six weeks for the number of visitors to the site to return to normal.
"Fortunately, it was very early in the season. If this had happened in July, it would have been hundreds of thousands of dollars in revenue lost," they say. The security firm now monitors the site, watching for signs of another attack.
Hacking Fallout
Small businesses can become victims after hackers invade larger retailers like Target or Staples and steal credit card data, or if information is stolen in other ways. A customer brought a laptop to New York Computer Help in Manhattan for a screen repair and paid with a credit card, signing on an electronic signature pad. That night, owner Joe Silverman got a text from someone else asking why their card had been charged. The card was counterfeit, and Silverman was out $650.
"His credit card, although still in their own wallet, was somehow ripped off by this fake customer," Silverman says.
Silverman says he's careful with emails that likely have phishing links or that ask if he'll do cash transactions, a hallmark of fraudsters. Their website has safeguards against credit card crime. After this incident -- not the first time he's been a fraud victim -- Silverman and their staff are monitoring transactions closely, including sending test charges to card issuers to be sure a card is legitimate.
Inside Job
Managers at Boomsourcing got a notification via one of its software programs in May that someone was trying to access its data without authorization. None of the business software company's information was stolen, but "it woke us up to the vulnerabilities that a small business has," manager David Hyde says.
The Lehi, Utah-based company conducted what Hyde calls "our own NCIS work" using social media to figure out an employee was responsible, trying to use the information to do their own deals. Boomsourcing now uses software that tracks the movements of everyone using its systems.
"If they were to download something they weren't supposed to, we would know," Hyde says.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
Cassie Aylward, Newstalk 580 CFRA
Ottawa Police are asking the public's help in finding a woman they say has not been seen since March 15th.
Maranda Lynn George-Morrisson, 26, was last seen on Murray Street in the Byward Market.
She's described as an Aboriginal woman, stands about 5'4", and weighs about 130 pounds.
They have long hair, brown eyes, and a tattoo just below their neck that says "not lucky, just blessed."
Anyone with information is asked to contact Ottawa Police.
Rockets head coach Mike D'Antoni may or may not have subtly trolled Russell Westbrook at practice on Tuesday morning, the day after Houston went up 3-1 over the Timberwolves in the first round of the playoffs.
As they were joking with reporters about how it'd be nice if the Rockets could score 50 points every quarter, since they just dropped 50 in the third quarter, they said that an impressive feat like that is “something that doesn't really matter. It's cute. It's like getting a triple-double.”
Is the head coach trolling Westbrook and saying their triple-double records don't matter, or is they simply saying something that happened to come to their mind and had nothing to do with Westbrook? Something's telling me he'd never say.
D'Antoni on #Rockets' 50-point quarter: “That's just something that doesn't really matter. It's cute. It's like getting a triple-double. … It's a mark.” — Brian T. Smith (@ChronBrianSmith) April 24, 2018
You can listen to D'Antoni's full quote for yourself around the 1:40-mark of the video on the Rockets' site here.
“Like I said, that's just something that doesn't really matter. It's cute. It's like getting a triple-double. OK, so you got two fewer rebounds, still, we can play well. It's a mark. But I was just really impressed on the way they came out, focused on the defense and really took the game on. They did what they had to do.”
The Rockets could face the Thunder in the next round, but things aren't looking good right now. They fell 3-1 to the Jazz on Monday.
Government forces in Yemen are 20 kilometres from the port city of Hodeida, according to the Saudi-led coalition fighting the Houthi rebels who control it. But while the Red Sea port is strategically important in both the country's conflict and humanitarian crisis, neither are guaranteed to be resolved if it changes hands.
Hodeida on the western coast of Yemen has been a key point of contention since 2015 when Saudi Arabia and its allies began fighting Houthi rebels backed by Iran.
While the Houthis hold the city, the Saudi-led coalition has been blocking access to the port it since last November, arguing Iran was using it to deliver weapons.
The blockade has had negative repercussions in what the United Nations has called the world's worst humanitarian crisis.
“About 22 million of Yemen's 28 million people need humanitarian assistance, and about eight million of them, mostly in the north, are pretty close to starvation,” says Elisabeth Kendall, senior research fellow in Arabic and Islamic studies with Pembroke College at Oxford University.
“So this is a hugely important takeover, if it happens.”
A battle for the city could itself complicate the delivery of aid to those northern regions at least in the short term, if not longer.
“There is a chance the fighting will be long and deprive the entire population of the north of aid and food and that will worsen an already bad humanitarian situation,” says Nadwa Al-Dawsari is senior non-resident fellow with The Project on Middle East Democracy.
The densely populated area in and around Hodeida itself also risks falling into a prolonged crisis of its own.
“My worry is that the Yemeni government and the Saudi-led coalition have not prepared a plan to mitigate civilian harm during the operation and also to establish security and governance immediately after the Houthis are pushed out,” Al-Dawsari says.
“It might create a vacuum with negative consequences on the humanitarian side as well as on the security side.”
Impact on conflict
Losing Hodeida would certainly be a blow to the Houthis, who used the port as a resource in their conflict.
“It would put them at a major military disadvantage and they would be isolated,” says Al-Dawsari.
“So it will definitely tip the scales in favour of the government and the coalition, but it's too early to tell what implications the battle has for the Yemen conflict altogether.”
While taking Hodeida would put government forces in a position of strength and reassure Saudi Arabia's coalition partners and international allies, it would not in itself advance negotiations towards an end to the conflict.
“What we tend to see is that the Houthis become more entrenched when they're under pressure and less likely to negotiate or surrender,” says Elisabeth Kendall.
“Given that the UN special envoy for Yemen, Martin Griffiths, hopes to have all sides agreeing to a new peace initiative by June, this ongoing offensive could actually hinder rather than help the peace process.”
Griffiths themselves warned of such a situation when they launched a new drive to bring warring sides to talks back in April, saying any new military offensives could “take peace off the table”.
LIMERICK FC lost their unbeaten home league record this season when suffering a 1-0 defeat to Shamrock Rovers in their SSE Airtricity League Premier Division fixture at the Markets Field on Bank Holiday Monday.
Rovers' 24-year-old striker Graham Burke netted the game's only goal from the penalty spot in the 75th minute to silence home supporters in an official attendance of 1,348.
The visitors, who had lost each of their three previous games on the road, finished the game with 10 men after defender Sean Kavanagh was sent off in the 83rd minute.
However, Tommy Barrett's side, who had drawn 1-1 with champions Cork City just 72 hours earlier, just couldn't manage to find a precious equaliser that would have extended their top flight unbeaten record to four games.
Limerick's injury-hit side had battled bravely to the point the Blues conceded the decisive goal.
Adding a degree of spice to Monday night's game was the fact that Limerick FC manager Tommy Barrett played ten games for Shamrock Rovers during the 2007 season, while Rovers boss Stephen Bradley played for two seasons with Limerick.
Limerick were minus the services of several first choice regulars due to injury, with Daniel Kearns, Eoin Wearen, Danny Morrissey, Shane Tracy, Colm Walsh-O'Loghlen, Mark O'Sullivan, Darren Dennehy and Barry Maguire all unavailable.
Tommy Barrett made three changes to the starting line-up from the side that drew with Cork City on Friday night as Killian Brouder, Will Fitzgerald and Henry Cameron replace Darren Dennehy, Danny Morrissey and Daniel Kearns who are ruled out.
The shake-up in the starting line-up saw a first appearance of the season for Henry Cameron.
In a lively opening, Shamrock Rovers captain Ronan Finn sent a cracking 25-yard effort flashing past the right hand upright in the ninth minute.
A minute later, Limerick might have hit the front when Will Fitzgerald closed down Rovers goalkeeper Tomer Chencinski as they attempted a clearance. However, an alert Roberto Lopez deflected Fitzgerald's shot out for a corner which came to nothing.
Fitzgerald's long throw-ins are sure to be a useful attacking weapon for Tommy Barrett's side this season.
Rovers did create a couple of chances from free-kicks in the final 15 minutes of the half, but Graham Burke's two efforts flew high and wide, while Sean Kavanagh's effort from a more central position just outside the box was saved by an alert Clarke.
The sides retired to the dressing rooms 0-0.
There was no shortage of industry and endeavour at the start of the second half.
Limerick's Killian Cantwell saw their well struck effort on 55 minutes, following a corner, flash just outside an upright, while moments later the Hoops could have taken the lead but Gary Shaw's close range effort fell kindly for Blues ‘keeper Clarke after some impressive build-up play from the visitors.
Limerick continued to pose a threat and Connor Ellis was fouled just outside the penalty area in the 67th minute. Billy Dennehy's free-kick was a terrific one across the six-yard box, but no home player could get the slightest of touches needed to divert the ball into the net.
A minute later the impressive Cian Coleman cut in from the right and nutmegged a defender. before firing a well-struck attempt just outside the right hand upright.
Just as Limerick began to get the sniff of keeping a cleansheet, Rovers took the lead.
Blues defender Shaun Kelly tumbled Ronan Finn inside the area and match referee Graham Kelly had no hesitation in pointing to the penalty spot.
Graham Burke clinically converted the spot kick to silence the home supporters.
Kelly was withdrawn soon after the replaced by Jeff McGowan who was making their league debut for the Blues.
The visitors held out for a precious victory despite losing Sean Kavanagh to a straight red card with seven minutes remaining.
LIMERICK FC: Brendan Clarke, Shaun Kelly (Jeff McGowan 78), Killian Canwell, Tony Whitehead (Adam Foley 88), Cian Coleman, Shane Duggan (Capt), Connor Ellis, Killian Brouder, Will Fitzgerald, Billy Dennehy, Henry Cameron (Karl O'Sullivan 62).
SHAMROCK ROVERS: Tomer Chencinski, Ethan Boyle, Roberto Lopes, Lee Grace, Ronan Finn (Capt), Sean Kavanagh, Gary Shaw (Dan Carr 64), Joel Coustrain (Brandon Miele 72), Trevor Clarke, Graham Burke (Luke Byrne 85), Sam Bone.
REFEREE: Graham Kelly
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 17-5-1 17-8-2 9-3-1 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 16-6-4 13-5-4 10-1-2 Washington 50 30 15 5 65 155 141 19-7-1 11-8-4 9-4-3 Toronto 52 29 18 5 63 167 146 14-8-2 15-10-3 6-4-1 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 18-7-1 10-14-2 10-4-0 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 13-8-3 12-8-5 5-6-1 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 16-8-1 11-11-3 8-5-2 Philadelphia 50 24 18 8 56 144 146 13-9-4 11-9-4 5-3-4 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 17-8-3 8-12-2 7-6-3 N.Y. Islanders 52 25 22 5 55 173 189 13-8-3 12-14-2 7-7-1 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 11-7-4 12-12-4 6-5-3 Detroit 49 20 21 8 48 128 147 11-10-7 9-11-1 6-9-2 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 11-8-3 9-14-3 6-4-1 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 12-10-5 8-14-1 9-6-2 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 9-11-5 6-13-4 5-8-3 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 6-13-3 8-14-6 3-5-2 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Vegas 49 33 12 4 70 168 130 19-3-2 14-9-2 12-1-1 Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 18-3-1 12-10-7 7-5-2 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 16-5-3 13-7-4 10-4-2 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 18-10-0 13-8-3 7-4-1 San Jose 50 26 16 8 60 146 140 14-7-3 12-9-5 12-2-3 Dallas 51 28 19 4 60 155 137 17-8-1 11-11-3 7-10-0 Los Angeles 50 27 18 5 59 142 121 12-9-3 15-9-2 6-9-3 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 17-4-4 10-14-1 8-8-0 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 14-9-3 11-8-6 8-5-5 Colorado 49 27 18 4 58 160 143 18-7-1 9-11-3 7-6-1 Calgary 50 25 17 8 58 139 139 12-12-3 13-5-5 8-6-3 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 12-10-3 12-9-4 6-7-2 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 11-13-1 11-11-2 10-2-0 Vancouver 50 20 24 6 46 131 162 9-13-3 11-11-3 5-9-1 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172 6-15-3 6-14-6 1-7-5
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3, Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3, Montreal 1
Chicago 2, Nashville 1
Los Angeles 3, Dallas 0
Vegas 4, Calgary 2
Vancouver 4, Colorado 3, OT
Wednesday's Games
Toronto 5, N.Y. Islanders 0
Detroit 2, San Jose 1, SO
Washington 5, Philadelphia 3
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Saturday's Games
Ottawa at Philadelphia, 1 p.m.
Anaheim at Montreal, 1 p.m.
Detroit at Florida, 7 p.m.
Pittsburgh at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Columbus at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Winnipeg, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Boston, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Minnesota at Dallas, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Chicago at Calgary, 10 p.m.
Arizona at Los Angeles, 10:30 p.m.
By Amanda Erickson | Washington Post
As people lay dying, the driver climbed out of their van and pointed an object at the police.
The man, later identified by authorities as Alek Minassian, had just plowed into a crowd of pedestrians on a sidewalk at more than 30 mph, killing 10 and wounding 15 more. “Kill me,” they screamed as they rapidly raised and lowered the object in theirs hand.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
Instead, a police officer moved slowly toward the man, weapon drawn.
“Get down,” they insisted. The man said they had a gun, but the officer continued forward. “I don't care,” they said. “Get down.”
Within seconds, the suspect had raised both hands. The officer quickly got them onto their stomach and handcuffed. Not a single gun shot was fired in the exchange, earning the officer plaudits for their restraint.
Such actions are part of a concerted effort by the Toronto Police Service to have its officers de-escalate dangerous situations rather than open fire. In the past, Toronto police had faced widespread criticism for their use of force. In one incident from 2013, an 18-year-old named Sammy Yatim was shot nine times and killed by officers responding a call claiming Yatim had a weapon.
“That and other high-profile police shootings in recent years prompted scrutiny of officers' use of force, and led to formal calls to change police tactics in order to de-escalate standoffs,” the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. reports.
Earlier this year, the Toronto Police Services Board passed a motion to provide hundreds of officers stun guns instead of guns. Toronto law enforcement officials have also conducted an extensive review of their “use-of-force options,” the CBC reports, and done several training sessions on de-escalation. Police are “taught to use as little force as possible in any given situation,” Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said at a news conference after Minassian's arrest.
It's unclear how many Canadians are killed by police each year. One investigation by the Independent in 2015 estimated that the number is about 25.
That's higher than in many other developed countries, but it's a tiny fraction of the men and women killed by American police officers. In 2017, 987 people were shot and killed by police in the United States, according to The Washington Post's database on police shootings. This year, 344 people have been fatally shot by police.
Those numbers put the United States far outside the norm. In 2014, the Economist compared the United States with other developed countries. In Germany, police killed eight people. In Japan and Britain, officers went a year without fatally shooting anyone.
Experts attribute that disparity to a couple of things. Violent crime is much more common in the United States than in many other developed countries. Guns are easier to access, meaning that police are more likely to confront someone with a deadly weapon. There are concerns about racial bias, too – police in the United States shoot and kill a disproportionate number of black people, even if they are unarmed.
Police in the United States may also have a different attitude. As Michael Lyman, a professor of criminal justice at Columbia College of Missouri, told the BBC, American police officers would probably feel a “duty” to kill the suspect. “Assuming the suspect is holding a gun and pointing it toward officers, it is concerning that the officer is not engaging the suspect with deadly force,” they said.
In Toronto, Monday's violence-free arrest was hailed as a victory. Mike McCormack, the president of the Toronto Police Association, told the Globe and Mail that they had spoken to the officer who arrested Minassian. “I just did my job,” McCormack said the officer told him. “What I did was no big deal.”
McCormack disagreed. “People are right,” they said at a Monday news conference. “This guy is a hero.”
The bright lights and marquees of the Las Vegas Strip are seen in this undated areal image. (File/FOX5)
Fifty-thousand unionized Las Vegas casino workers whose contracts will expire at the end of the month are set to vote on whether to go on strike.
The Culinary Union on Wednesday said it will hold a strike vote May 22 at a university arena.
The workers' existing contracts will expire at midnight May 31. Negotiations for new five-year contracts began in February.
A majority of yes votes would allow the union's negotiators to call for a strike at any time starting June 1.
A strike would empty 34 casino-hotels of cooks, food and cocktail servers, housekeepers and other workers.
Properties operated by MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment would be among those affected by a strike. The companies did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Matthew Brownsword / Herald1. Do you approve or disapprove of the way Christina Paxson is handling their job as president of the University?
11.0% Strongly approve
42.9% Somewhat approve
33.8% No opinion
11.7% Somewhat disapprove
0.7% Strongly disapprove
2. Do you approve or disapprove of the way the Undergraduate Council of Students is handling its job representing and addressing the concerns of the undergraduate student body?
16.3% Strongly approve
33.2% Somewhat approve
42.0% No opinion
7.5% Somewhat disapprove
1.0% Strongly disapprove
3. How informed do you feel on the initiatives of the Undergraduate Council of Students and their implementations?
5.0% Very informed
37.8% Somewhat informed
17.6% No opinion
17.8% Somewhat uninformed
21.9% Not at all informed
4. Do you agree or disagree that the University should build a new performing arts center on the site of the current Urban Environmental Lab?
10.3% Strongly agree
16.1% Somewhat agree
33.7% No opinion
25.2% Somewhat disagree
14.6% Strongly disagree
5. Did you alter your social media accounts before applying to college ?(Circle all that apply.)
11.4% Changed profile name on account
17.6% Deleted certain posts on account
1.5% Deleted entire account
68.7% Did not make changes
3.8% Other
6. How many times have you used Brown's Emergency Medical Services (EMS) in the past academic school year for drug-or alcohol-related instances?
88.8% I have not used EMS in the past year
8.7% 1 time
1.3% 2 times
0.8% 3 times
0.0% 4 times
0.3% 5+ times
7. Have you ever decided not to call EMS for yourself or a peer for a fear of University or other repercussions?
91.0% No
9.0% Yes
8. How often do you participate in religious activities at Brown (church, fellowships, religious associations)?
9.6% Once a week
5.5% Once or twice a month
8.1% Once or twice a semester
7.7% Once a year
69.1% Never
9. Before coming to Brown, how often did you participate in religious activities?
23.8% Once a week
10.2% Once or twice a month
9.2% Once or twice a semester
14.1% Once a year
42.7% Never
10. Do you approve or disapprove of the way the University is handling its budget?
1.9% Strongly approve
18.5% Somewhat approve
37.5% No opinion
35.7% Somewhat disapprove
6.4% Strongly disapprove
11. If you were in a situation that fell under the jurisdiction of the Title IX office, which handles cases of sexual and gender-based harassment, how comfortable would you feel going to the office for assistance and support?
18.6% Very comfortable
40.0% Somewhat comfortable
16.9% No opinion
18.8% Somewhat uncomfortable
5.7% Very uncomfortable
12. Do you plan to pursue a career in visual, performing or literary arts immediately after graduation?
6.5% Yes
81.4% No
12.0% Unsure
13. Have you gone on a new or different birth control recently in response to the political climate?
5.8% I have gone on a new or different birth control, but not in response to the political climate
4.4% Yes
48.4% No
41.3% This question does not apply to me
Methodology
The results come from 861 surveys that were collected at J. Walter Wilson, the Stephen Roberts '62 Campus Center and the Sciences Library over the course of three days — April 5-7. The margin of error is 3.2 percent with 95 percent confidence. The margin of error for specific subsets are as follow: 4.6 percent for females, 4.7 percent for males, 5.8 percent for first-years, 6.0 percent for sophomores, 7.5 percent for juniors, 7.9 percent for seniors, 4.5 percent for students who receive financial aid and 4.8 percent for students who do not receive financial aid.
The sample of students who took the poll is demographically similar to the undergraduate student body. The sample was 48.4 percent male and 51.6 percent female. First-years made up 32.1 percent, sophomores 30.7 percent, juniors 19.7 percent and seniors 17.5 percent of the poll. Of students who receive financial aid represented in the poll, 5.8 percent receive just loans, 17.9 receive grants and loans, 16.2 percent receive grants covering some costs, 6.9 percent receive grants covering all costs and 53.2 percent receive no financial aid. Varsity athletes made up 8.8 percent, while non-athletes made up 91.2 percent. Of students surveyed, 77.7 percent identify as heterosexual, 7.3 percent as gay, 10.3 percent as bisexual and 4.7 percent as other. Students reported all of the races/ethnicities they identify with — 56.3 percent of students identify as white, 31.3 percent as Asian, 11.8 percent as Hispanic, 8.2 percent as black, 0.9 percent as American
Indian/Alaska Native, 0.7 percent as Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander and 4.6 percent as other. Students also marked the concentration area(s) that they are in — 30.0 percent are in the humanities/arts, 22.2 percent in life sciences and 36.9 percent in physical science and 27.8 percent in social sciences. Of students polled, 15 percent of students are legacy students, meaning they have a parent, grandparent or sibling who attended Brown, and 85 percent are not. First-generation students make up 17.1 percent and non-first-gen students made up 82.9 percent of the sample. Of students surveyed, 67.3 percent of students described their political affiliation as democrat, 13.9 percent as independent, 13.7 percent as other and 5.1 percent as republican.
Statistical significance was established at 0.05 level. All cross-tabulations are statistically significant.
Arts & Culture Editor Julianne Center '19, Graphics Editor Laura Felenstien '19, News Editors Alex Skidmore '19, Suvy Quin '19, and Kasturi Pananjady '19, Science and Research Editors Hattie Xu '19 and Elena Renken '19, and Senior Staff Writer Rhaime Kim '20 coordinated the poll. Herald section editors, senior staff writers, and other staff members conducted the poll.
Over the next several weeks, The Herald will publish a series of articles about individual poll questions. Find results of previous polls at thebdh.org/poll.
Now available on demand: on WCRB In Concert with the Handel and Haydn Society, Harry Christophers conducts Handel's "Messiah" at Symphony Hall in Boston.
December 10, 2017
7:00 PM
On the program:
HANDEL Messiah
Harry Christophers, conductor
Katherine Watson, soprano
Christine Rice, mezzo-soprano
Allan Clayton, tenor
Sumner Thompson, baritone
Handel and Haydn Society Orchestra and Chorus
H+H Vocal Arts Program Young Women's Chamber Choir and Young Men's Chorus
Hear Part One:
Hear Part Two:
Hear Part Three:
Explore the Messiah digital exhibit.
Learn more about the Handel and Haydn Society.
The Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun, has revealed Federal Government's intention to roll over at least 60 per cent of 2017 capital projects to 2018 fiscal year.
Adeosun made this known when they appeared before the Senate Joint Committee on Finance and Appropriation in Abuja recently.
They were accompanied by the Minister for Budget and National Planning, Sen. Udoma Udoma, to give explanation on releases so far made on the implementation of the 2017 budget.
The minister noted that there was no stoppage in terms of capital releases and projects.
They explained that the decision to roll over 2017 projects to 2018 was based on advice of the Senate Committee on Appropriations and Finance to the executive on how to make the budget more implementable.
Adeosun said “we had a rollover from the 2016 to the 2017 budget. There was no stoppage in terms of capital spent as projects simply continued.
“In the way in which we allocated the fund, the prioritisation was according to the objectives of the economy and growth plan.
“We were focused on project completion. So, we prioritised projects that were nearer to completion that were critical in the first releases of capital.
“We need more of your support. We have a number of resolutions that we need to complete international borrowings.”
On their part, Udoma said that the Federal Government had been working to get the 2018 Budget to the Senate before the end of October.
“We intend to have discussions with you so that we can finalise that and take it to the Federal Executive Council so that we restore ourselves to the January to December fiscal year.
“This is to make it much easier to report on the performance of budgets,” they said.
Udoma also debunked the rumour that government had not released many funds for capital projects since January.
“That is not the case. Between January and June, we still had 2016 Budget in operation and we allowed it to flow unhindered.”
They said that in implementing the 2017 budget, it would be helpful if there was clarity in terms of virement because that would help in implementing the budget.
Earlier, Chairman of the joint committee, Sen. Danjuma Goje, had said that the two ministers were at the National Assembly to brief the committees as well as Nigerians on the implementation of the 2017 budget.
“It is very important bearing in mind that the budget was passed by the National Assembly in May and signed into law by the then Acting President Yemi Osinbajo on June 6, 2017.
“We are now four months into the implementation of the budget. Nigerians need to know how far we have gone and what we are going to achieve.
“We have heard from the Minister of Budget and National Planning that they intend to submit the 2018 budget this month.
“By implication, if they bring it this month, they will expect the budget to be approved before the end of the year,” they said.
Facebook may face federal probe for turning user data over to Trump campaign Facebook may face multiple government investigations — and trillions of dollars in fines — over revelations that it didn't do enough to protect user data used by the Trump campaign...
Collusion conspiracy theorists are going nuts over yet another obvious dead end Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee this week wrapped up a yearlong investigation of Russian interference into the 2016 presidential election. As expected, the ensuing report found no evidence of...
Dem operatives fume after Hillary disses Trump voters Democratic operatives have an urgent message for Hillary Clinton: Please shut up and go away. Their fury and frustration were fueled by boasts they made in India over the weekend...
Trump will talk to Mueller if they speed up Russia probe President Trump's lawyers hope to strike a deal with special counsel Robert Mueller in which the president will submit to an interview to speed the conclusion of Mueller's investigation into...
Mueller wants witness to hand over all communications with Trump's inner circle Special counsel Robert Mueller wants to see all communications between a witness and a list of others that reads like a who's who of President Trump's past and current inner...
Trump claims Obama launched probe into their campaign to help Hillary President Trump took to Twitter on Monday to claim their predecessor's administration launched an investigation into their campaign with “zero proof of wrongdoing” to help Hillary Clinton win — a...
Mueller reportedly prepping charges against more Russians Special counsel Robert Mueller may lodge criminal charges against another batch of Russians for interfering in the US election — targeting those who hacked and leaked information from Democrats, NBC...
Russians reportedly hacked into voter registries of these states The voter registration systems in at least seven states were reportedly penetrated by covert Russian operatives prior to the 2016 presidential election. Intelligence reports provided to then-President Obama showed that...
Sorry: Trump's campaign wasn't competent enough to pull off collusion Despite the indictment of 13 Russian professional social-media pranksters who worked to tip the 2016 election to Donald Trump, I remain somewhere between skeptical and agnostic on the question of...
3:47
Video: Arlington mom films arrests of their two teenage sons
3:13
How two officers helped a man with no pulse for 30+ minutes cheat death
1:21
Tammy (Melissa McCarthy) is a likable mess with a chronic inability to get it together. So is “Tammy” — a collaboration between McCarthy, who co-writes with their husband, Ben Falcone,...
Image caption Tributes to Audi passengers Tauqeer Hussain (left) and Mohammed Fahsha were released by their families on Wednesday
Bystanders who took grisly photos of a crash scene where six people lay dead have been condemned by one of the victim's families.
Distressing images of bodies were shared online after last December's "horrific" crash in Birmingham.
The family of Tauqeer Hussain, 26, said people "pulling out mobile phones to record tragedies" had robbed the victims of their dignity.
Inquests at the city's coroners' court concluded on Wednesday.
Mr Hussain was one of three people in an Audi S3 who suffered "catastrophic injuries" in the smash on Belgrave Middleway, Edgbaston.
On Tuesday, the inquest heard driver Kasar Jehangir lost control while driving at "excessive speed".
The car, which had two defective tyres, ploughed sideways into an oncoming taxi, killing Mr Jehangir and two passengers.
Mr Jehangir, 25, and Mohammed Fahsha, 30, died from multiple injuries while Mr Hussain, 26, sustained a fatal head injury.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Three vehicles were involved in the accident, while another three were damaged trying to avoid it
None of the men, from Small Heath, had been wearing seat-belts and were ejected from the car, along with sole survivor Zakkria Khan, 18.
Mr Jehangir also had cannabis in their blood, which senior coroner Louise Hunt found had "contributed" to the crash.
After the crash, West Midlands Police asked people not to share distressing images of the crash which appeared on social media.
Giving evidence, PC Keith Evans, of West Midlands Police, described a scene of "smoke, steam and dust" when they arrived at the site of the collision.
They said of those killed in the Audi: "There is no doubt in my mind they had all passed away immediately."
Image copyright West Midlands Police Image caption Audi driver Mr Jehangir had cannabis in their blood, tests revealed
In a statement released after the hearing Mr Hussain's family said they had "no dignity" in their death.
"When it comes to pulling out mobile phones to record tragedies, you really get to see the extent of how humanity is being lost," they added.
Taxi drive Imtiaz Mohammed, 33, and passengers Lucy Davis, a 43-year-old mother-of-two, and their partner, Lee Jenkins, 42, were also killed.
During inquests into their deaths on Tuesday, survivor Mr Khan denied that the car's occupants had been out dealing drugs at the time of the crash, but admitted they had smoked some.
After Tuesday's hearing Lee Jenkins' mother Anne urged safety measures be installed along the dual carriageway road.
Concluding the inquests, Ms Hunt said: "I do hope you can remember the loved ones as you described them to me, and not the terrible way you lost them."
Eight people were displaced after an apartment fire on Aug. 13, 2017. (Austin Turner / FOX5)
Three children and five adults were displaced from their homes Sunday from a damaging apartment fire near Eastern Avenue and Bonanza Road, according to Las Vegas Fire and Rescue.
Firefighters responded to the Green Tree Apartments on the 500 block of North 28th Street at 2:35 p.m. Sunday. The initial callers reported a fire in the yard behind the apartment. It had spread to an upstairs apartment when firefighters got there, LVFR said.
Firefighters had the fire under control in just a few minutes. and it was confined to one apartment unit, LVFR said.
Damage was estimated at $70,000.
LVFR said fire investigators believe the fire started in a storage area behind the apartment and then spread. The cause was unknown.
No one was home at the time of the fire and there were no reported injuries.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
On paper, few matches in World Cup history will have been more of a mismatch than Argentina against Iceland.
The two-time champions, producers of some of the best players to ever grace the game, against the debutantes and smallest nation to ever qualify for the tournament.
For context, the population of the Buenos Aires province, Argentina's capital, is 45 times bigger than that of Iceland's entire population.
This was David versus Goliath — and then some.
Not that you'd have noticed — any notion that the tiny island nation would be overawed by the occasion and their opponents was quickly dispelled, as they went toe-to-toe with Argentina from the first whistle.
Moments after Nicolás Tagliafico's stooping header flashed inches wide of the post, one long ball over the top — in an instant exposing Argentina's frailties — set Alfred Finnbogason free, but the forward couldn't keep their volley down.
Argentina were then almost the masters of their own downfall, gifting Iceland the ball inside their own box in an attempt to play out from the back.
READ: ‘It's in blood, the nature and the culture.' Iceland's hard World Cup work pays off
READ: Is Russia 2018 the last chance for Messi and Ronaldo?
The ball eventually fell to Birkir Bjarnason, scorer of Iceland's first ever goal in a major tournament four years ago in France, but the midfielder somehow skewed the ball wide with the goal gaping.
It wasn't long before Lionel Messi came to the fore, using their customary shuffle inside and left-foot shot to test Hannes Thor Halldorsson in the Iceland goal.
But it was Sergio Aguero, previously without a World Cup goal in their eight appearances, who breathed life into Argentina's campaign.
Marcos Rojo's scuffed shot was controlled superbly by the Manchester City forward, who brilliantly wriggled free of their marker and slammed a shot into the roof of the net.
Cue coach Jorge Sampaoli's trademark wild fist pumping on the touchline, this year swapping their normal casual attire for a sharp suit.
Anyone who had forgotten about Iceland's exploits at Euro 2016 and thought that early goal meant it was game over were soon given a reminder of their fighting spirit.
With Argentina's sloppy defense again exposed, Finnbogason pounced after a scramble in the box to coolly tuck the ball past Willy Caballero.
At halftime, despite having just 21% possession, Iceland had been more than a match for their famous rivals, even creating the best chances in the game.
But the match-changing moment came just after the hour mark. Iceland, having defended resolutely for so long, gave away a sloppy penalty as Hoerdur Magnusson clumsily tripped Aguero in the box.
Up stepped Messi, the man on whose shoulders Argentina have placed their hopes, and — not for the first time in their career — missed the crucial spot kick.
Halldorsson guessed the right way and comfortably palmed Messi's penalty away from danger.
Iceland's keeper isn't just adept at keeping one of the world's greatest players at bay.
Just two days before Iceland's training camp started, Halldorsson was in Reykjavik doing some “sidework” — directing a soft drink commercial in their role as film director where they had previously forged a career.
Before the 90 minutes were up, Halldorsson's lightning-quick reflexes were again called upon as they tipped Cristian Pavon's effort round the post at full stretch.
For all their star power, Argentina were unable to find a way through Iceland's sturdy defense. It's the first time La Albiceleste have failed to win an opening World Cup game since they lost to Cameroon in 1990.
The good news for Messi et al is they still reached the final that year.
Perhaps one of the most telling aspects of the game came after the final whistle, or rather it was what didn't come.
Despite this being their first World Cup, picking up their first ever World Cup point, there were no exuberant celebrations from Iceland, no joyous huddles.
This was just another game, they now feel like they belong here.
The gas pump is not deceiving you during your weekly fill-up.
AAA's Gas Prices website reported Monday that the average price of regular unleaded in the Las Vegas Valley went up four cents from a week ago to $2.58 a gallon.
A month ago, gas prices in Las Vegas averaged $2.44 a gallon. On March 13, 2016, Las Vegas drivers were paying an average of $2.17 a gallon, which is 41 cents cheaper than the current price.
Nevada remained among the states with the highest average price of gas in the country. Nationally, though, the average price of the base-grade gasoline was at $2.29 a gallon, which is a two-cent drop from the previous week.
"A sudden plunge in the price of oil is likely to weigh on gas prices, at least temporarily," said Patrick DeHaan, senior petroleum analyst for GasBuddy.com.
DeHaan continued, "With little warning or expectation, crude oil last week broke out of the rut it had well established, with crude prices falling out of a 3-month range of $51-$54 per barrel to $49. Fundamentals of oil have weakened, and with last week's large 8.2 million barrel rise in crude oil inventories, the market has turned decidedly bearish for now. Naturally, when oil prices take a beating such as they did last week, one might expect gasoline prices to move in lockstep, but due the complex relationship of oil and gasoline prices and the middleman- U.S. refineries- motorists may not see as large a decline at the pump as they may hope for- but certainly stay tuned. I remain optimistic that the annual spring rally at the pump could be less severe than expected, but remain cautious as it remains difficult to know where the new path will lead oil prices in the week ahead."
You can get the latest price of gas anytime at gasprices.aaa.com.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
“He awoke — and wanted Mars.”
That's the first line of Philip K. Dick's classic novella, “We Can Remember It for You Wholesale,” the inspiration for the “Total Recall” films. I first came across the story in a sci-fi anthology back in high school, and I can remember the force of the yearning the words roused in me: I wanted Mars, too.
After all, men had just walked on the moon, and everybody knew Mars would be next.
Well, the moon landing will be celebrating its 50th anniversary in two years, and human beings haven't even tried to walk anywhere else. So when Elon Musk announced last week that they hope to send a manned mission to the red planet by 2022 — just five years from now — I felt my heart leap.
The 1969 moon landing capped an era of enormous optimism about what humanity could achieve. Norman Borlaug was saving hundreds of millions from starvation. Integrated circuits heralded a digital revolution.
The campy innocence of the original “Star Trek” dates from those years. So do “The Jetsons.” People actually believed that science was the endless frontier.
Since then our species has turned its vision inward; our image of human possibility has grown cramped and pessimistic. We dream less of reaching the stars than of winning the next election; less of maturing as a species than of shunning those who are different; less of the blessings of an advanced technological tomorrow than of an apocalyptic future marked by a desperate struggle to survive.
Maybe a focus on the possibility of reaching our nearest planetary neighbor will help change all that.
see also Elon Musk shares plan to colonize Mars If there's one thing you can definitively say about Elon...
Mars has long fascinated us. The ancients associated it with various gods. Venus shines brighter in the sky, but somehow we have always known that our destiny lies with Mars.
Filmmakers have been taking us there for decades. The planet has intrigued novelists for well over 100 years. Ray Bradbury's “The Martian Chronicles” may be dated in its science, but as social commentary on the 1940s, it stands unrivaled in the sci-fi canon.
That's all fiction. But maybe we'll get there in reality. NASA has been pushing the idea for years. The agency's current timeline would put humans on the planet in the 2030s. China intends to get there first. Musk claims they can beat them both.
Every time someone proposes a mission to Mars, critics worry that the whole thing will be too expensive, that the money could be better spent elsewhere. Although I get their point, they're only half right: The same complaint could easily be directed at every dollar we spend on rent or education or food.
Besides, in Musk's scheme the investment would come (mostly) from private sources. The point is to make the project self-sustaining.
For those of us who dream of the stars, reaching Mars has always been a preliminary step. Musk agrees. Their bolder plan is for humanity to advance along the path of becoming “a space-bearing civilization and a multi-planetary species” — an ambition they laid out this year in a thoughtful paper.
Musk argues that what they call the “Apollo-style approach” would make the cost of colonizing Mars prohibitive, something on the order of $10 billion a person. But people would move in droves, they insist, if the cost can be brought down to somewhere near the median price of a US home, around $200,000.
Most of Musk's paper is devoted to laying out a theory on how, over time, we might bring down the cost. For instance, they propose establishing propellant depots throughout the solar system, potentially as far away as Pluto. The most important factor, however, is the development of multiple-use vehicles — the advance that made commercial air travel cost-effective.
The booster rocket they describe in the paper is enormous. Musk has since decided that their original vision was impractical.
They now want to build a much smaller version that will carry perhaps 100 people at a time. They posted a series of images on Instagram to show both the vehicle they envision and the Mars colony they imagine it would help populate.
It's a lovely and elegant idea. Can we do it? I have no idea.
But Musk's confidence rekindles in me the old excitement. Perhaps we need not be earthbound forever. Perhaps we as a species can once more look skyward with shared anticipation and excitement, confident that if we cannot reach the stars, our children will.
So I hope we'll try. I may not see Mars in my lifetime, but I'm thrilled you might see it in yours.
© 2017, Bloomberg View
Here's what we've been told about passwords:
Make them complicated.
Use numbers, question marks and hash marks.
Change them regularly.
Use different passwords for each app and website.
Of course, these guidelines often leave users frustrated and struggling to remember them all.
Now, the National Institute of Standards and Technology is about the make all of our lives much easier. The organization recently revised its guidelines on creating passwords, and the new advice sharply diverges from previous rules.
"The traditional guidance is actually producing passwords that are easy for bad guys and hard for legitimate users," says Paul Grassi, senior standards and technology adviser at NIST, who led the new revision of guidelines.
The organization suggests keeping passwords simple, long and memorable. Phrases, lowercase letters and typical English words work well, Grassi tells NPR's Audie Cornish. Experts no longer suggest special characters and a mixture of lower and uppercase letters. And passwords never need to expire.
"We focus on the cognitive side of this, which is what tools can users use to remember these things?" Grassi says. "So if you can picture it in your head, and no one else could, that's a good password."
While these rules may seem suspiciously easy, Grassi says these guidelines help users create longer passwords that are harder for hackers to break. And they say the computer security industry in both the public and private sectors has received these new rules positively.
"It works because we are creating longer passwords that cryptographically are harder to break than the shorter ones, even with all those special character requirements," Grassi says. "We are really bad at random passwords, so the longer the better."
Previously, security experts recommended the use of password manager apps to ensure users' accounts were protected. Grassi says these apps are useful because they completely randomize the password, but they say they aren't necessary to maintain security.
Grassi stands by these new guidelines because they say previous tips for passwords impacted users negatively and did not do much to boost security. When users change their passwords every 90 days, they often aren't dramatically changing the password, Grassi says.
"I'm pretty sure you're not changing your entire password; you're shifting one character," they say. "Everyone does that, and the bad guys know that."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The owners of Korean Air have been under intense scrutiny since 2014
South Korean prosecutors have raided Korean Air's offices over suspected tax evasion and breach of trust by members of its founding family.
The investigation is the latest involving the Cho family.
They came under renewed scrutiny last month after the chairperson's daughter, Cho Hyun-min, allegedly threw water at an attendee of a business meeting.
 They are the younger sister of Heather Cho, who was jailed in 2014 for a "nut rage" incident.
Heather Cho had demanded a Korean Air plane return to its gate at JFK airport in New York after losing their temper about the way they were served nuts in a first class cabin.
South Korea's Yonhap News agency said prosecutors were looking into accusations of tax evasion and suspicions of embezzlement.
A Korean Air spokesperson told the BBC that prosecutors went into the firm's head office in Seoul but did not give a reason why.
The raid follows reports that police were seeking an arrest warrant for the wife of Korean Air chairperson, Cho Yang-ho. The Korean Air spokesperson declined to comment.
Police had banned Lee Myung-hee from leaving South Korea as they investigated claims they verbally and physically abused staff.
Tax authorities have accused the Cho family of not paying taxes on some inheritance of overseas assets, while prosecutors are also investigating suspicions the family may have embezzled company money, Yonhap News reported.
The "nut rage" incident sparked a national debate about the Korean business system, which is dominated by family-controlled firms known as chaebols.
The Trump administration, unable to win concessions from European Union counterparts ahead of a Friday deadline, is planning to make good on a threat to apply tariffs on European steel and aluminum, according to people familiar with the matter.
The administration is expected to make an announcement as early as Thursday.
The move, which has been threatened for months, is almost certain to draw a response from the EU, which has threatened to retaliate with its own tariffs on such American products as motorcycles, jeans and bourbon.
President Donald Trump announced in March global tariffs of 25% on imported steel, and 10% on aluminum, based on national security concerns. The White House delayed implementation for some countries, giving those trading partners a chance to offer concessions to avoid the tariffs.
The U.S. is now planning to let the EU's exemption lapse. One person familiar with the matter said the administration's plans could still change, particularly if the two sides are able to cobble together a last-minute deal, though both sides suggest such a deal is unlikely.
An expanded version of this report appears at WSJ.com.
At a federal court in Wisconsin, a British cybersecurity expert pleaded not guilty to charges over an alleged malware scheme to steal personal banking information.
Before these accusations, Marcus Hutchins was known for their role in finding the "kill switch" to the WannaCry ransomware cyber-attack last May that "threatened over 150 countries," NPR's Leila Fadel reported.
After today's hearing, Hutchins' lawyer Marcia Hofmann described them as a "brilliant young man and a hero," and said that "when the evidence comes to light, we are confident they will be fully vindicated."
The FBI took Hutchins into custody earlier this month in Las Vegas, where they had been attending a cybersecurity conference.
In July, a federal grand jury indicted them and an unnamed co-defendant on six counts dating from July 2014 to July 2015.
The indictment accuses Hutchins of creating the malware, which is called Kronos. The two co-defendents then allegedly advertised it on internet forums and sold it.
Hutchins is charged with "one count of conspiracy to commit computer fraud and abuse, three counts of distributing and advertising an electronic communication interception device, one count of endeavoring to intercept electronic communications, and one count of attempting to access a computer without authorization," as Leila reported.
They added that other members of their community were shocked at the accusations, because they are counter to their reputation as a person devoted to preventing this kind of attack.
Hutchins was "granted bail on 5 August after $30,000 ...was raised by friends and family," according to the BBC.
But their release comes with strict conditions, as detailed by The Associated Press:
"His bond has been modified so that they can stay in Los Angeles near their attorney and travel anywhere in the U.S., but they cannot leave the country. They were also granted access to use a computer for work, a change from an earlier judge's order barring them from using any device with access to the internet. Hutchins has been working for a network security company, according to prosecutors, who did not oppose allowing them access to a computer for work." "Hutchins is required to wear a GPS monitor, but [Magistrate Judge William] Duffin said the court will consider removing that requirement once Hutchins has found a home in Los Angeles and is complying with the terms of their bond."
The wire service adds that the next hearing is scheduled for Oct. 17.
The deal between Australia and the United States to resettle refugees currently held on Manus Island and Nauru has been looking increasingly shaky.
United States homeland security officials are returning to Australia's offshore detention centre on Nauru to continue security vetting, as tensions on the island increase. Australia's offshore detention centres on Manus Island and Nauru have faced heavy criticism for the harsh and difficult conditions endured by asylum seekers. There are 730 refugees on Manus Island with a positive refugee determination, and 1053 with a positive refugee determination on Nauru. Australia refuses to resettle refugees who arrive by boat in Australia, and has instituted a policy of mandatory detention instead. Successive Australian government reviews have identified serious allegations of sexual assault, as well as high risks of mental health problems. Some refugees have been held on Manus Island and Nauru for more than four years. Australia's prime minister Malcolm Turnbull announced in November 2016 that Australia had entered into a deal with the United States to resettle some refugees from Manus Island and Nauru. But the deal created no commitment on the United States to take any refugees whatsoever; only that it considers their claims. The shaky nature of the deal was thrust into the global spotlight after leaked transcripts of a conversation between Turnbull and United States president Donald Trump emerged.
During the conversation Turnbull told Trump: "You can decide to take them or to not take them after vetting. You can decide to take 1,000 or 100. It is entirely up to you." While there is still much uncertainty over the deal, BuzzFeed News has learnt that officials will return to Nauru this week to interview more than 100 refugees on the island. The US government's strict policies means the refugees will undergo heavy vetting before they will be considered for eligibility under the deal. They will also be required to undergo a series of biometric and medical assessments. A spokesperson from the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS), which is part of the Department of Homeland Security, confirmed that officers were planning multiple trips but declined to confirm the exact dates. "The Nauru/Manus Island refugee resettlement program is continuing," the spokesperson said. "We do not discuss the exact dates of USCIS' temporary duty assignments to adjudicate refugees' applications; however, we are planning return trips. "It is not uncommon for the dates of tentatively-planned refugee temporary duty trips worldwide to change due to a wide variety of factors. Refugee resettlement applicants of all nationalities are subject to rigorous background security checks."
The death of a refugee on Manus Island and the ongoing uncertainty over the refugees' futures has again reignited tensions on Nauru.
Last week protests erupted near the entrance of the refugee processing centre, where a bus was set on fire.
BuzzFeed News understands there were no injuries, but that refugees on the island are growing increasingly frustrated, more than 10 months after the deal was first proposed by Turnbull.
The Human Rights Law Centre (HRLC) and many other legal groups have called for the refugees to be brought to Australia. Following the release of the transcript of the call between Trump and Turnbull, the HRLC's director of legal advocacy Daniel Webb said: “The government is scrambling to maintain the façade of the US deal. But what's important to the 2,000 innocent people warehoused on Nauru and Manus for the last four years is an actual future – not political posturing but a real future in freedom and safety.”
Paul Farrell is a senior reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in Sydney. Contact Paul Farrell at paul.farrell@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
Don't put down your Oktoberfest stein just yet. The Great American Beer Festival in Denver is just getting started.
Fans of the beverage, rejoice: Beer may have a bad reputation for its empty calories and the “beer bellies” but, some research suggests, it could have some health benefits. For 35 years, Americans have been celebrating beer at the festival. The event has unlimited one-ounce tastings of more than 3,500 beers, plus competitions between some 800 breweries.
Also see: How everything changed for a craft beer brewer after it sold itself to MillerCoors
How could beer actually be good for you?
Beer could lower the risk of diabetes, according to a Danish study published this week in the journal of the European Association for the Study of Diabetes. Among 70,000 people, including both drinkers and non-drinkers, the lowest risk of diabetes was in the group of men who had 14 drinks a week and women who had nine drinks a week. “Moderate drinking is key here,” said Michelle Dudash, a registered dietitian and author of “Clean Eating for Busy Families.” Like wine, it does not contain any added sugar once it's fermented.
Cocktails, on the other hand, are often made with sugary ingredients like simple syrups, Dudash said. There are also a lot of light beers on the market now with half the calories, Dudash said. People should watch the alcohol content of beers, which could alter the number of beers they should be drinking, since a higher percentage in alcohol content means they should have fewer beers. The average is 5%, so drinking a beer with 7% alcohol content would be the equivalent of 1.4 beers, Dudash said.
Also see: This is what Guinness is doing to sell more stout
Drinking beer can promote heart health, similarly to wine, a 2016 study Penn State University found. Moderate drinkers — one to two drinks a day for men, and a half to one drink a day for women — saw the slowest decline in “good” cholesterol levels (also known as high-density lipoprotein), more so for those who opted for beer over hard liquor with beer drinkers experiencing better outcomes than people who drink hard liquor.
That means a lower chance of cardiovascular diseases. The study tracked cholesterol levels in 80,000 participants for six years. Increased levels of high-density lipoprotein keep “bad” cholesterol from blocking arteries, according to Advanced Cardiovascular Life Support Training Center. Beer contains about 12% of the daily recommended amount of vitamin B6, Dudash said, though people with alcohol dependency tend to have lower levels of the vitamin.
That means a lower chance of cardiovascular diseases. The study tracked cholesterol levels in 80,000 participants for six years. Increased levels of high-density lipoprotein keep “bad” cholesterol from blocking arteries, according to Advanced Cardiovascular Life Support Training Center. Beer contains about 12% of the daily recommended amount of vitamin B6, Dudash said, though people with alcohol dependency tend to have lower levels of the vitamin.
The myth of the beer belly
There's actually no hard evidence to suggest a person's gut comes from consuming a lot of beer, studies claim. That's good news for those celebrating at the Great American Beer Festival, which runs from Oct. 5 to 7 and is hosted by the Brewers Association, a non-profit trade organization. Drinking a lot of the beverage can increase calorie intake and prevent fat burning, and beer does contain phytoestrogens, which can cause hormonal changes in men that make them more prone to storing belly fat.
But again, it comes down to moderation, studies show. One study, published in 2007, men who consumed more than three drinks a day were 80% more likely to have more belly fat than those who didn't consume as much, but that's also more than the two drink per day limit for men that other studies suggest is a moderate level of drinking.
Also see: Americans are buying beer and a beach vacation at the same time
But drinking beer clearly has it's downsides, right?
Just because some beers have lower calories than others, and no added sugars, doesn't mean guzzling a cold pilsner is the same as eating a kale salad, Dudash said. “I wouldn't consider it a nutrient-rich food,” they said. What really causes a “beer belly” is too many calories, from any source, including alcohol, sugary beverages and oversized portions of food, according to medical reference site WebMD. Fat is usually stored and seen in men's stomachs, while for women, it tends to be around the hips, Dudash said.
Beers have also been linked to certain cancers when heavily consumed: More than seven beers a week for women and more than 14 beers a week for men. Cancers linked to all alcohol use include mouth, throat, voice box, esophagus, liver, colon and rectum and breast, according to the American Cancer Society. People's taste for beer has also waned or, at least, changed. They want weaker, lower-alcohol content beers, as sales of wines and spirits are on the rise.
The beer industry is becoming more localized
The beer landscape is changing. Big brewers, like Anheuser-Busch BUD, -0.83% and MillerCoors have been buying smaller craft breweries to widen their offerings, while small and local breweries concoct new products and flavors to win some space in the market. Craft beer has had double-digit growth for the past decade, according to market-research firm IRI Worldwide, though only 2.5% for 2017 through May.
MONCTON, N.B. — The New Brunswick coroner is investigating after a man was found dead in their garage following a fire at a Moncton home.
Platoon chief Robert Brine says firefighters responded to a garage fire at approximately 6 a.m. today on Rogers Road, about 15 kilometres west of the city centre near Berry Mills.
Brine says firefighters were notified en route that a person might be inside the residence, and when they arrived they had to break open a door to access the fully engulfed building.
They say firefighters pulled the man out of the building, but they were already dead.
The fire itself was extinguished within 15 or 20 minutes.
Brine says it's yet to be determined whether the man's death was related to the fire — that will be determined by the coroner and a fire department investigation.
The Canadian Press
by Wan Yao, Kirsten Olson & Dennis J. Meseroll
Tractus Asia for Conway
E-commerce is exploding in Asia and dwarfs the North American market. China alone accounts for over 40 percent of global e-commerce transactions. On Singles Day in 2016 (11/11, when China's singles celebrate their singleness), Alibaba transacted US$17.5 billion in sales compared to about US$6.9 billion for Black Friday and Cyber Monday combined. The Singles Day sales total grew to $25 billion a year later.
China is home to 730 million Internet users, and its mobile payments market is over 11 times the size of the market in the US. As e-commerce and digital transactions expand exponentially, data centers, the warehouses of the digital revolution, are being built at a breakneck pace in China, just like they are in the US.
China's data center services market has grown significantly over the past decade, with the value of services provided growing at a CAGR of 38 percent from 2010 to 2017. In 2017, the market approached US$15.9 billion, and is projected to continue growing steadily in the coming years.
Currently, China's data center market is still largely made up of small- to medium-scale data centers (those hosting less than 3,000 servers), located around China's Tier-1 cities, such as Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou.
However, rising market demand has driven industry leaders, both state-owned and private companies, to build hyper-scale data centers. While small- to medium-scale data centers are predominantly located along the developed East Coast, hyper-scale centers are being located in northern and southwestern China.
Location Trends
Hyper-scale data centers require large sites and consume power at incredible rates (a 100,000-server center requires about 50-60 MW of electricity, equivalent to the output of 500,000-600,000 sq. m. [5.4 million to 6.5 million sq. ft.] of solar panels). In China the cost of real estate and electricity and access to backbone fiber networks are the principal site location considerations, while the larger issue of data security lurks. From a broader location strategy perspective, compliance with China's cybersecurity laws, which many companies consider too intrusive, is the principal consideration most multinationals have in considering China as a location for storing sensitive data.
In 2015, Alibaba invested US$2.86 billion to build its hyper-scale data center in Zhangbei County, a small agricultural town at the northwestern corner of Hebei Province, near the southern rim of the Inner Mongolia Plateau. The data center now hosts 300,000 servers with expandable capacity to 600,000. Alibaba selected Zhangbei for its abundance of cheap land, renewable energy (solar and wind power stations already in place), cold climate (annual average temperature 3.2°C), access to China's national Northwestern Fiber Corridor and proximity to Beijing (its largest market in northern China).
Guizhou Province is also a popular location for hyper-scale data centers. Gui'an New District is a national-level Economic Development Zone (EDZ) that positions itself as an attractive data center location. The zone is one of many that has specific incentives to attract data center providers focused on facility, electricity and talent acquisition costs.
The Gui'an New District in Guizhou Province in South-Central China is connected to the Shanghai-Kunming Fiber Corridor. It has already attracted all three state-owned telecom operators and private market leaders such as Huawei, Tencent and Foxconn to establish their data centers. In 2013, China Telecom made a US$1.12-billion investment to set-up a 340,000-sq.-m. (3.6-million-sq.-ft.) hyper-scale data center to house 800,000 servers. Much like Google following Apple into the Reno, Nevada, area, Huawei China Telecom in 2016 started building a 400,000-sq.-m. (4.3-million-sq.-ft.) facility with 600,000 servers. Apple announced in July 2017 that it will invest US$1 billion to set up its first data center in China, also in Gui'an New District, to comply with China's new Cybersecurity Law that came into effect in June 2017.
Regulatory Impacts on Foreign Data Center Operations in China
The Cybersecurity Law, Presidential Decree No. 53, defines data center businesses broadly as “network operators” who are responsible for the protection of personal and other critical information or data collected or generated in China, and stored domestically. The law makes transferring this data out of the country difficult for foreign companies operating in China, creating, as in many other jurisdictions, significant local demand for data centers.
According to the Regulations for Foreign Invested Telecom Enterprises, State Council Decree No. 666 [2016], foreign enterprises may not hold more than 50 percent of the equity in data center operations. This regulation has not halted global data service providers from entering the China market. IBM, Microsoft, KDDI, Amazon and Equinix have all entered the market through local partnerships. In 2016, Amazon established its 10th global data center in the northern Chinese province of Ningxia — an area the Chinese government is also promoting as a wine region. Taking advantage of the cool climate, subsidized land and ample supply of renewable energy, Amazon partnered with a local player to set up a hyper-scale data center in a 300,000-sq.-m. (3.2 million-sq.-ft.) facility housing 400,000 servers.
As one of the top economic priorities of China's 13th Five-Year Plan, the country is making a concerted effort to develop and promote applications such as big data, cloud-computing and IoT applications, leading to increasing demand for hyper-scale data centers. Under the current regulatory environment, local companies will continue to dominate the market. Because of the foreign equity limitation, foreign data center operators have additional criteria to consider in their location decision-making. In addition to typical site location criteria, a company must determine who to partner with for the investment — another critical commercial decision that requires a systematic and objective process based on well-defined criteria and well researched data. Like site location decisions, joint venture partner decisions are irrevocable and require informed counsel with proven in-market experience. Making either the wrong location or partner decision can be commercially disastrous.
American operators may face additional challenges due to reciprocal tariffs and restrictions in reaction to the trade tariffs President Trump announced on March 22, which would level tariffs on up to $60 billion worth of Chinese imports into the US. The day after Mr. Trump announced the new tariffs, China announced retaliatory tariffs upwards of $3 billion worth of US exports including many food products and aluminum and steel pipes. This follows an already increased scrutiny on Chinese investments into the US under the Trump administration. The full extent of how China will reciprocate is yet to be determined, and the effect it will have on American data center JV investments is uncertain.
LGC/FGN UK donate nets for local cricket clubs
London Guyanese Cricketers (LGC) and the Federation of Guyanese Nationals (FGN) UK have presented a number of cricket practice nets to several clubs in Guyana.
The presentation took place recently at Enmore Cricket Club ground where clubs on the East Coast of Demerara, Good Success of Wakenaam and Chesney in Berbice received their nets which will be used to facilitate practice sessions.
Anil Persaud of Enmore expressed gratitude to the London based organizations and said the nets will be of tremendous benefit to the clubs since both senior and junior players' practice simultaneously. They added that nets will help to ensure the safety of players especially the younger ones who are usually involved in coaching sessions around the boundary area. Persaud urged the clubs to make full use of the nets.
««« return to Daily Wine News index
Mexico's wine industry fears climate change
Mexico's wine industry produces more than 25 million bottles of wine a year and it is gathering momentum. The Valle de Guadalupe is crammed with small vineyards and has been called the country's Napa Valley. But its winemakers are already worrying about its future because of a warming climate. Source, Al Jazeera.
U.K. and EU Agree on a Transitional Deal
The U.K. and EU reach a deal on the transition agreement that businesses want to get pinned down for the period immediately after Brexit https://bloom.bg/2poDa81 #tictocnews (Source: Bloomberg)
Ready to play the expected boom in electric cars? Or maybe buy into Spanish banks? Or even bet on a couple of stock-market newcomers?
According to a group of top fund managers, you'll be well off by the end of next year if you dip into those plays. Speaking at the Sohn Conference in London last week, 16 investment professionals dished out their favorite stocks for next year, forecasting high double-digit returns.
Here are five of the most interesting calls from the annual conference:
Pirelli
Pirelli & C. SpA PIRC, +0.14% ticks all the boxes for Adrian Croxson, partner at $32 billion American hedge-fund manager Oz Management, who expects the Italian premium tire maker to rally around 60% over the next year or so.
“We like the tire industry, we like the premium tire industry, we like the [position] Pirelli is in that industry and we like the valuation,” they said.
“The bottom line is that we like the end demand because it's predictable and the segment Pirelli is focused on grows at multiples of GDP. To be simplistic, it's a predictable growth story in a world full of growth with a cash flow projection we are very happy to underwrite,” they added.
Croxson also noted that Pirelli specifically is poised to race higher because luxury car sales are taking off. That's largely due to China where luxury car sales have jumped to 2.3 million this year from 50,000 in 2006. And you just don't put cheap tires on expensive cars, the fund manager said.
“It would be like putting on a suit on and then putting some Wellington boots on. Or buy a high-end stereo and attach them to those disposable headphones you got on your last flight,” they said.
Pirelli went public just two months ago and has struggled to make any substantial moves above its €6.50 IPO price. It traded around €6.95 on Friday, far from the target of €11-€13 Croxson forecasts.
At last year's Sohn conference, Croxson picked Ryanair Holdings PLC RY4C, +0.11% as their top stock, which turned out to be a valuable piece of advice. The discount carrier has jumped 21% in 2017 so far.
Infineon Technologies
Semiconductor company Infineon Technologies AG IFX, -0.65% is also set for a 60% surge, getting a boost from the rapid growth in demand for chips for electric and self-driving cars, said Ross Turner, founder of Pelham Capital.
“As you electrify the powertrain, you need a lot more semiconductors,” they explained. “Any electrification is a massive increase in revenue opportunity for Infineon.”
Turner said they expect at least 30% of all new cars to be fully electric by 2030, as they become cheaper, expand their range to 500 kilometers (311 miles) and charging time comes down to around 10 minutes.
The German company is already a global market leader in power semiconductors for the automotive industry and will likely continue to take market share as the car fleet globally changes nature, according to Turner.
Infineon shares currently trade around €22, but could easily rally to about €35, the Pelham fund manager said. Shares of the chipmaker are already up 40% in 2017.
Banco Santander
Davide Serra, founder and chief executive of the $12 billion hedge-fund manager Algebris Investments, picked Spain's largest lender Banco Santander SA SAN, +0.48% SAN, +2.01% as their best idea, arguing the bank is strongly positioned to make money on its Banco Popular takeover this summer.
Santander agreed to buy rival Banco Popular in June for just €1, after EU authorities declared the struggling lender was “failing or likely to fail.”
“Here the investment case is pretty simple. They were given for free a domestic Spanish bank, Banco Popular, by the regulator that came in and thought the numbers were wrong and basically took €7-8 billion of value and handed it to Santander almost for free,” Serra said. “I think they'll have an amazing deal.”
The company already on Friday cashed in on its investment. Banco Popular—which is now wholly own by Santander—agreed to sell its subsidiary TotalBank for $528 million.
Serra also added that Santander in its 175-year history never has reported an annual loss, making it “one of the most efficient banks in the world.”
The Algebris boss didn't give a price target for Santander. Shares of the lender were recently trading around €5.60 and have jumped 16% this year.
Evry
Evry ASA EVRY, -1.80% just went public in June after an 18-month stock-market hiatus, but investors haven't yet thrown their support behind the Norwegian IT company. Its shares currently trade at 32.50 Norwegian kroner, a mere 4.8% above Evry's IPO price of 31 kroner.
However, that's your big chance to buy into a company about to rally at least 50% over the next year, according to Reade Griffith, co-founder of investment managers Tetragon and Polygon.
Evry “came back quite quickly [to the stock market] and that's one of the opportunities here. People don't fully believe yet the fixes that have been made are permanent. If those prove out over the next 12 months, we think there's significant upside,” they said.
Private-equity firm Apax took over Evry in 2015 and has since pushed through a range of restructuring efforts. In the first year since the takeover, profit margins at the Norwegian company went up from 6.4% to 10.8% and are on track to climb to 12.8% in 2017 and 14% in the medium term, Griffith said. That would make Evry the best in the industry in terms of profit margins, compared with the worst in class before the shakeup.
As part of the overhaul, Evry recently made a deal with IBM IBM, +0.81% , which should start to show up in the fourth-quarter numbers, the Polygon manager said.
“[Evry] got a great deal from IBM, and IBM got a great deal because they got more scale and wanted to be larger in the Nordics,” they said.
Criteo
French digital advertising company Criteo SA CRTO, +1.95% is one of the best ways to play the rapidly growing online ad-industry, with shares set to more than double over the next couple of years, according to Selvan Masil, founder of Westray Capital Management.
“We believe Criteo is meaningfully undervalued on pretty much all relevant metrics,” they said. “We think its growth profile deserves a significantly higher valuation.”
“In addition, Criteo is a rare breed among tech companies in that it's highly cash generative. At the end of 2017, it will have 70-80% of its market cap in net cash,” they said.
The Nasdaq-listed company trades at around $32 a share, but Masil sees the price jumping to $65 in their base-case scenario and as high as $85 a share in their upside case. That implies a 103%-165% rally from current levels.
Criteo shows targeted ads to consumers who have previously visited the advertiser's website. That means if you've looked for skiing boots, but didn't buy them, ads for skiing boots will pop up when you visit other sites, such as Facebook, Google and online news publishers.
But the company only earns money if the consumer clicks on the ad and makes a purchase, making it “fully incentivized to only display the ad with the highest probability of successful transaction,” Masil pointed out.
That formula has helped the digital ad service grow its client base more than 13-fold in the last six years, to 17,000, according to the Westray manager.
“Still, this is only a quarter of all addressable clients, so still plenty of growth to come. At the same time, Criteo has consistently maintained a quarterly client retention rate of 90%,” they said.
One of the best kept business secrets in Birmingham – Unity Trust Bank offers an expert banking service for small and medium sized enterprises while contributing to economic, community and social change.
The bank opened in the city in 1986 and celebrated its first year as an independent bank in December, after buying back its shares from the Co-operative Bank.
Last was a “very strong year” for Unity, which saw the bank provide £77 million in loans to clients to boost their enterprises – an increase of 25 per cent.
Fourteen per cent of these loans were drawn in the West Midlands where Unity's clients include Age Concern, Worcestershire YMCA and The Springfield Project.
Figures from the bank show that in 2016 it created and protected 1,895 jobs and created and renovated 1,026 bed spaces.
Headquartered in Brindleyplace, Unity has 24,000 clients across the country, with almost 3,000 in Birmingham and the surrounding areas.
The bank works with social sector organisations, charities and SMEs that share its values and philosophy, which it calls ‘firms with a social conscience', offering current and deposit accounts, loans and corporate cards.
Following its successes it is now seeking to attract new clients and believes that its ethos and philosophy will appeal to a broad spectrum of customers, including Millennials which, research has found, will account for 75 per cent of the workforce in 2025.
Deloitte's 2015 Millennial Survey also discovered that this age group are not motivated by money.
Unity Chief Executive Margaret Willis said: “The research shows that Millennials are aiming to make the world more compassionate, innovative and sustainable.
“More than 50 per cent say they would take a pay cut to find work that matches their values, while 90 per cent want to use their skills for good.”
“I feel very proud that we invest money responsibly.
“All of our funding comes from customer accounts and we benefit from a loyal and growing customer base.
“We use the deposits our customers entrust to us to fund lending which supports the communities we collectively serve.
“We help organisations to prosper and contribute to social change, we are not just about maximising profit.”
Margaret Willis, CEO of Unity Trust Bank
Margaret has worked for Unity for three years and has enjoyed an established career in banking, which has seen their work in retail and commercial sectors, across the UK, US, Canada and Europe.
They work alongside Daryl Wilkinson Director, Customer Propositions and Strategic Marketing, who previously led Nationwide Building Society's Group Innovation Lab and Digital Development team, and spent a morning with politics students at University of Birmingham ahead of our interview.
Deloitte's survey further found that 7,800 future leaders from 29 different countries say the business world is getting it wrong.
“Some 75 per cent say they feel businesses are focused on their own agendas rather than improving society, while only 28 per cent say they feel their current organisation is making full use of their skills, “ said Margaret.
“An encouraging shift which supports our ambitions to grow and amplify our social impact.
“We believe that business banking can be better.”
From left: Head of HR Julia Tarpey and acting head of strategic marketing Harjit Sandhu, both Unity Trust Bank, and Midland Mencap's chief executive Dave Rogers
Unity helps its customers to achieve success through its 91 employees, 77 of which are based in the West Midlands,.
The bank employs sixteen Relationship Managers (RMs) across the country, with five in the West Midlands, who are all experienced bankers and sector specialist including care, social housing and charities.
These RMs are supported by a team of Customer Service Advisors, who clients can reach on the phone, and internet Banking.
As well as advising clients Unity staff also help out in the community themselves.
Margaret added: “We also support charities and communities through our employee-led ‘Unity in the Community' (UitC) volunteering programme. Last year our staff volunteered 106 days and donated £6,542 to good causes.
“You can bank with us and bank on us.
“What do we mean when we say ‘A commercial bank with a social conscience?' Put simply, we seek to help to create a better society.”
For more information about Unity Trust Bank click here
How Unity Trust Bank has help its West Midlands clients
Age Concern Birmingham
A long-standing Unity customers was given a £630,000 loan to help them to bring their advice and information, befriending and day services together to prove the best possible service for older people and increase service provision. It had previously operated out of different rented sites.
Barnt Green Baptist Church
Helped church to buy residential accommodation for its full time minister with a £140,000 loan last year.
Worcestershire YMCA
With a £1.1 million loan from Unity, the YMCA was able to purchase Frederick Eary House and create 34 flats to support young people with housing, helping them to get back on their feet.
The Springfield Project
A £350,000 Unity loan helped the project to renovate six empty homes across Birmingham to provide suitable rental property for families with at least one child under the age of five.
Sandwell Community Caring Trust
Unity worked wth Big Issue Invest toward a deal in which SCCT benefitted from a £4.25 million finance package to enable it to purchase the newly built 62 bed Hall Green residential care home in West Bromwich.
For more information about Unity Trust Bank click here
LeBron James, HBO, and Springhill Entertainment's Maverick Carter is all working on a half-hour comedic show revolving around the sneaker industry.
The show doesn't have a title yet, but will focus on two best friends and their sneaker shop near L.A., and what happens to them,and everyone around them in the unpredictable sneaker world.
James and Carter have worked together on the current Starz's half-hour comedy “Survivor's Remorse”, and when James was in Miami playing for the Heat the two also help start a Miami sneaker store.
written by Tariq
Share this: Email
Facebook
Twitter
When I bought a 10.5-inch iPad Pro last year, I got it with Apple's $159 Smart Keyboard and $99 Apple Pencil. The Smart Keyboard has been a big win — I've been impressed with how firmly its magnetic Smart Connector attaches to the iPad and with the feel and responsiveness of its keys.
The Apple Pencil, on the other hand, has mostly gone unused. Part of that is that I'm not a graphics guy, so my main use of the Apple Pencil is sketching and handwriting in Notes, and even those aren't daily activities. But it's also hard to keep track of the Apple Pencil. It's usually lost on my desk or rattling around in the small bag I use to carry the iPad Pro. In other words, it's seldom at hand, and I worry about breaking a tip, damaging it, or not noticing it fall from the bag.
Apple implicitly acknowledges that the Apple Pencil is something that needs protecting by making two products: the $29 Apple Pencil Case and the $129 Leather Sleeve for the 10.5-inch iPad Pro. Both are leather and are likely well-constructed, but they seem to miss the point. The Apple Pencil Case is purely protective and doesn't attach to the iPad Pro in any way. And the Leather Sleeve, while it includes a slot for the Apple Pencil, is just a sleeve — you have to remove the iPad Pro to use it, thus separating it from the Apple Pencil. And while it may be priced competitively, $129 is a lot to pay if corralling the Apple Pencil is the main goal.
For a less expensive and more functional solution, accessory manufacturer Twelve South has introduced the PencilSnap. Like the Apple Pencil Case, the PencilSnap is a svelte leather case for the Apple Pencil, but it goes one step further and adds hidden magnets that keep the PencilSnap attached to any magnetic surface, such as Apple's Smart Cover or Smart Keyboard (or Twelve South's own SurfacePad case). Without such a case, the PencilSnap would act just like the Apple Pencil Case, protecting but not attaching.
On an iPad Pro outfitted with a Smart Keyboard, the PencilSnap adheres to either of the iPad's long edges, or to a spot about a third of the way in from the hinge. (Other cases and covers may have different attachment spots.)
For just keeping it in place, all three spots work, so if you're using the Apple Pencil and need to slide it back into the PencilSnap and move on, you can just slap it anywhere it sticks, although the edge of the Smart Keyboard that opens seems to be the most obvious and provides the strongest adhesion. It's also easy to take off there as you open the iPad Pro and fold up the Smart Keyboard.
However, if you need only the Smart Keyboard and want to leave the PencilSnap attached, that spot works poorly, since the PencilSnap ends up underneath the Smart Keyboard, making it unusable.
Equally awkward is the edge next to the Smart Keyboard's hinge, since then the PencilSnap gets wedged between the iPad Pro and the angled part of the Smart Keyboard stand. Then the iPad is too vertical and can tip forward.
The best spot for stashing the PencilSnap is instead the middle spot, about a third of the way in from the hinge. When it's there, you can open and close the iPad Pro without dislodging the PencilSnap or affecting the iPad Pro's stability.
Don't fear the Apple Pencil sliding out of the PencilSnap. Perhaps it will loosen up over time, but out of the box, the PencilSnap holds Apple's stylus snugly. It's so tight, in fact, that I found it was necessary to hold the Apple Pencil just below the cap on the Lightning connector when pushing it in or pulling it out, since pushing or pulling on the cap seemed like too much pressure.
There's no magic here, just good industrial design and attention to detail. The PencilSnap costs $29 and comes in either black or light brown leather. If you're worried about losing or damaging your Apple Pencil, Twelve South's PencilSnap will both protect your $99 stylus and help keep it with your iPad Pro.
An exhibition dedicated to Hawick's ‘Lovely Lassies' is proving a popular draw at Borders Textile Towerhouse.
It explores the roles of the women who take part in Hawick Common Riding, featuring outfits, objects and images of the Cornet's Lasses, Acting Mothers and Maids of Honour of years gone by. It is hoped that the exhibition will bring back fond memories of Common Ridings past for locals, while giving visitors an insight into the big event.
Shaureen Lammie, Live Borders Museum and Gallery Service, thanked those who donated objects, costume and images for this exhibition which organisers hope will lead to a larger, similar, event next year. Anyone who has any objects that they would like included in the next exhibition should email Shaureen.lammie@liveborders1.org.uk or call on 01450 377615.
The Lovely Lasses exhibition runs until September 10. Monday-Saturday 10am-4.30pm, and Sunday 12-3pm.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Emergency room doctors are seeing a jump in the number of people overdosing on a drug called “K2.”
The overdoses are concentrated in Minneapolis, keeping paramedics and doctors busy. In the past 72 hours, 42 people have overdosed on what many refer to as “synthetic marijuana.” Medical professionals say the illegal drug is dangerous and leaving its users in need of medical attention.
“In the last 72 hours we've had at least 40 cases of K2 overdose,” said Dr. Jon Cole.
Cole, an emergency room and toxicology doctor at Hennepin County Medical Center, says the calls for help from K2 overdoses continue to pour into the poison control center.
“Historically in Minnesota when we have seen spikes since it first appeared in 2009 they usually last from days to weeks and tend to be concentrated in one geographical location,” Cole said.
The overdoses are happening across Minneapolis. Police say when this recent outbreak began Tuesday, officers responded to at least four overdoses near the Nicollet Mall light rail station. Three others had to be rushed to the ER after overdosing near 15th and Chicago Avenues.
“There are a untold number of effects that are very, very different than typical marijuana intoxication or overdose with anything that is labeled K2,” Cole said.
Cole says the makeup of K2 constantly changes and by the time they figure it out, those who are manufacturing the drug illegally move on to another chemical.
Cole says one version of the drug can cause you to be agitated, have a fast heart rate, seizures or cause violent behavior.
“Another version of it emerge that tended to cause kidney failure we've seen isolated incidents that are clearly attributed to K2 resulting in either strokes or heart attacks,” said Dr. Cole.
K2 overdoses are also responsible for sending some into a “zombie state.” Thankfully no one had died as a result of smoking K2.
Right now, doctors can only offer supportive care or keep the patient safe until the drug passes out of their system, which could take hours or sometimes days.
Police are actively searching for the source, not knowing if this is a bad batch of the illegal drug or if someone is adding something else to the already dangerous K2.
A Virginia Tech alumnus and private equity executive is giving $20 million to the public school to fund scholarships and help students gain interdisciplinary skills, such as those needed to address issues surrounding driverless cars.
The donation from David Calhoun, 60, senior managing director for Blackstone Group LP and former chief executive officer of Nielsen Holdings NV, will be announced Tuesday at the school in Blacksburg, known formally as Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University.
David Calhoun Source: Virginia Tech
U.S. colleges continue to be major beneficiaries of philanthropy. In the last fiscal year, universities raised a record $43.6 billion, led by Harvard and Stanford. Blackstone's chairperson and co-founder, Stephen Schwarzman, has been a top donor to their alma mater, Yale University, including a gift for $150 million for a student center.
The majority of Calhoun's gift, $15 million, will endow about 200 scholarships annually at the honors college. The rest will fund two new programs to help students better prepare for jobs, especially developing skills to succeed in complex situations.
“You can't just be great in one thing,” Calhoun said in an interview. “It's really the intersection of all these things that matters the most.”
Maclay Heriot
It's very possible that you have never heard Gang Of Youths, and even have no idea who they are. If you're an Australian, though, that's probably not the case: Their debut album, The Positions, peaked at No. 5 on the country's charts in 2015, while this year's Go Farther In Lightness emerged at the very top. They're an important band in their homeland, and now they're working on expanding their profile to a more international level with a just-announced North American tour.
They'll start their trek at South By Southwest, and from there, they'll tour the rest of the continent for the remainder of March before returning for the latter half of May. Among those dates are shows in Europe and Australia as well.
Find the group's upcoming tour dates below, and revisit our interview with the band's Dave Le'aupepe here.
12/16/2017 — Melbourne, AU @ Making Gravy with Paul Kelly
2/09/2018 — Tasmania, AU @ Party in the Paddock
2/16/2018 — Kariong, AU @ Mountain Sounds Festival
2/17/2018 — Adelaide, AU @ Bird In Hand
2/24/2018 — Sydney, AU @ Sydney City Limits
3/14-17/2018 — Austin, TX @ SXSW
3/19/2018 — Nashville, TN @ The Basement
3/20/2018 — Atlanta, GA @ The Earl
3/23/2018 — Philadelphia, PA @ Underground Arts
3/24/2018 — Washington, DC @ Union Stage
3/25/2018 — New York, NY @ Bowery Ballroom
3/28/2018 — Toronto, ON @ Velvet Underground
3/29/2018 — Detroit, MI @ The Loving Touch
3/30/2018 — Chicago, IL @ Subterranean
3/31/2018 — Minneapolis, MN @ 7th Street Entry
5/8/2018 — Manchester, UK @ Gorilla
5/9/2018 — Birmingham, UK @ Institute 3
5/10/2018 — Bristol, UK @ Thekla
5/12/2018 — London, UK @ O2 Forum Kentish Town
5/13/2018 — Brighton, UK @ The Haunt
5/21/2018 — Los Angeles, CA @ The Moroccan Lounge
5/22/2018 — San Francisco, CA @ Bottom of the Hill
5/24/2018 — Portland, OR @ Doug Fir Lounge
5/26/2018 — Vancouver, BC @ Fox Cabaret
5/29/2018 — Salt Lake City, UT @ Kilby Court
5/30/2018 — Denver, CO @ Globe Hall
LOS ANGELES — The Teen Choice Awards, always a bubble of teenage celebration, took time out during Sunday night's ceremony to consider the world its young audience will inherit.
Hashtags, surfboards and loud shrieks dominated the Teen Choice Awards, as usual, with YouTube star Jake Paul presiding over a show designed to be tweeted, Snapchatted and put on Instagram. But with the two-hour broadcast coming a day after the violence at a rally of white nationalists in Charlottesville, Virginia, some winners pleaded for teen viewers to do better than their elders.
“With all the injustice and the hatred and everything that's happened not only in the world but in our country right now, I need for you young people, I need you guys to be educated. I need you to listen. I need you to pay attention,” said “Spider-Man: Homecoming” actor Zendaya, accepting an award for best summer movie actor.
“You are the future presidents, the future senators,” they added, clutching the show's trademark surfboard award. “You guys are the ones who are going to make this world better.”
The music performance-stuffed show, broadcast live on Fox from Los Angeles, followed a three-hour “Teen Fest” concert in downtown Los Angeles that was streamed on YouTube.
Miley Cyrus, an 18-time Teen Choice award winner, was to receive the ceremony's highest honour, the Ultimate Choice Award. But they were announced as a last-minute cancellation early in the ceremony. “I know,” said presenter Victoria Justice. “It's a bummer.” (Cyrus apologized on Twitter saying they created “an unrealistic schedule for myself.”)
To my dearest fans & all of those watching @TeenChoiceFOX ! I want to say thank you from the very bottom of my... https://t.co/SE8hzAjJzv — Miley Ray Cyrus (@MileyCyrus) August 14, 2017
Many of the other biggest names either sent video acceptances (Bruno Mars, Gal Gadot) or were merely announced as winners (Beyonce, Zac Efron, Ariana Grande). One notable exception was Chris Pratt, who dropped by to accept their two movie awards. Pratt and their wife, Anna Farris, recently announced their separation.
That still left many teen idols for the crowd to cheer, including the cast of the CW drama series “Riverdale” (winner of seven awards) and the group Fifth Harmony, the winner of the best music group and song.
“In light of recent events, we just wanted to say to all of the young ones at home watching, no matter who you are, where you come from or what you look like, you are beautiful and you are important,” said the group's Lauren Jauregui. “So keep spreading love and positivity.”
The prominent role for Paul was a big moment for him, too. In late July Paul departed the Disney Channel series “Bizaardvark” after reports that they were feuding with their West Hollywood, California, neighbours.
“The past few months have humbled me quite a bit. I had to be more mindful of my words and actions and how they impact others,” said Paul while accepting their own pair of awards for best YouTuber and web star. “The next step for me is to forget all the bad press, drama, negativity.”
Rock band Maroon 5 was honoured with the decade award. Other winners included Dwayne Johnson for “Moana,” Lucy Hale for “Pretty Little Liars” and Ed Sheeran for best male song.
FOR the past decade or more, Pat McLoughlin has been tapping away on their laptop at their home in Newcastle West, quietly building up a body of writing that has now, to their deep satisfaction, found its way into print.
”To Weave with Words”, their first collection of short stories will be launched in Newcastle West next week and Pat is understandably “having a few butterflies”. “It is a bit nerve-wracking,” they acknowledge. “You don't know what way the book is going to be interpreted or how people will react.”
But Dominic Taylor, from the Limerick Writers' Centre which is “delighted” to publish the book, is confident it will be well received. “Writers, like Pat McLoughlin, prove that there is a well of creativity out there among our population, young and old, just waiting for an opportunity to blossom”.
“I was always interested in writing but it wasn't until I retired that I started putting things down on paper,” Pat says, but it was the creative writing course for older people, run by the Limerick Writers Centre which pushed them into print. “I got a lot of encouragement from people. Our tutor was Ron Carey, a poet, and they really encouraged me. They said I should think about publishing.”
“I still had doubts so I asked Dr Paddy Fullam to pass a critical eye on them and apart from some very good suggestions, they were very positive. Their approval and encouragement were the push I needed.”
Pat delivered a draft to Dominic Taylor last Christmas and the task since has been to ready them for publication. “The one thing that has amazed me is the amount of work that goes into publishing a book, the stitching and unstitching, the editing and the going back,” they say.
Dominic has described the collection as “eclectic “, where Pat draws on their own life experience and on events both past and contemporary. “Some of the stories are based on actual historical events – ranging from the national to the international. Other stories are the fruits of childhood memories that made a significant impact on Pat's philosophical world view.” Pat, they add, is the second writer to publish as a direct result of the centre's creative writing course for older people,
“I am always fascinated by the human condition and how people respond to different problems and situations,” Pat says of their writing. “I try and write the stories with honesty and compassion. I am not writing for fame and fortune. I like to use dialogue and I like conversational tone in writing. That is what attracts me and I try to do that.”
“I always liked a good twist in the end,” they add with a laugh. And this they have achieved in several of the stories in this collection. “I think I have stitched in subtle little messages, about how we treat each other, our planet and the flora and fauna and so on.”
“I like to use dialogue and I like conversational tone in writing. That is what attracts me and I try to do that.”
Now, for Pat, who writes the Newcastle West notes for the Limerick Leader every week, the creative writing has become a constant in their life. “I wake up very early and write for two three or four hours, depending. It is a struggle some mornings but other mornings there is a flow and I go with that. Being retired allows me to do that.”
“My first reader is my daughter-in-law Orla. I send it to them and then I work on it again and then my good friend Paddy Fullam will throw their eye over it.
”I have enough stories for a second collection,” they add. “And I have a lot of work done on a novel.” But they still aren't sure that it will ever see the light of day.
There is an open invitation to the launch which takes place this Friday, June 29 at 8pm in the Longcourt House Hotel, Newcastle West. “People will be very welcome to attend,” says Pat. Minister of State Patrick O'Donovan will formally launch the book.
To Weave with Words, will be available for sale on the night, priced at €12, at O'Mahony's Book Shop, in local shops in Newcastle West and through the Limerick Writers Centre.
By Matt Citak
Considering how crazy the regular season was this year, it should come as no surprise that the first two rounds of the 2018 NCAA Tournament have been absolute chaos. Favorites have fallen, history has been made, and, oh yeah, we still have four more rounds to go.
Buckle up, ladies and gentlemen. With the way March Madness is going, we should be in for a wild finish.
UMBC becomes first 16 seed to win, beats UVA by 20
On Friday, the University of Maryland, Baltimore County made history. The UMBC Retrievers accomplished something that 135 previous 16 seeds in the 64-team era of the NCAA men's basketball tournament were unable to do — pull off a first round upset.
The University of Virginia entered the tournament as the No. 1 overall seed. Yet despite being the overwhelming favorite in this “David vs. Goliath” showdown, the Cavaliers failed to show up to their first-round matchup, falling to the Retrievers by whopping 20 points.
UMBC's cinderella run came to an end on Sunday, when No. 9 seed Kansas State pulled off the late victory over, 50-43. The Retrievers' magical run may have ended quickly, but the darlings out of the American East did more than enough to solidify their place in NCAA history.
UVA far from the only favorite taken down
While Virginia suffered the biggest upset, the Cavaliers weren't the only favorites taken down during the tournament's opening weekend. The madness began on Thursday, when No. 13 seed Buffalo opened their tournament play with a 21-point beatdown of Arizona, sending the NBA's likely No. 1 pick DeAndre Ayton home early. The craziness continued a few hours later, when Donte Ingram of No. 11 seed Loyola-Chicago hit a long three-pointer right before the final buzzer to beat No. 6 seed Miami and send their team into the Round of 32.
The upsets continued on Friday, when No. 11 seed Syracuse, the last team to make the tournament, defeated No. 6 seed TCU, while No. 13 seed Marshall took down No. 4 seed Wichita State. While the opening round produced some very surprising results, it was nothing compared to what we saw in the Round of 32.
Loyola-Chicago was the first big underdog to punch its ticket to the Sweet 16, when they defeated No. 3 seed Tennessee on Saturday, thanks to a Clayton Custer jumper with just 3.6 seconds remaining. The Ramblers were joined by the Syracuse Orange as the only double-digit seeds in the Sweet 16, after the Orange pulled off the first major upset of Sunday's games, beating No. 3 seed Michigan State, 55-53.
But the madness did not stop there. No. 7 seed Texas A&M destroyed No. 2 seed UNC by 21 points, No. 9 seed Florida State took down No. 1 seed Xavier 75-70, and No. 7 seed Nevada overcame a 22-point second-half deficit to defeat No. 2 seed Cincinnati, 75-73.
Unlike other No. 1 seeds, Villanova playing like top team
Virginia and Xavier are out, while Kansas snuck by No. 8 seed Seton Hall, winning by just four points on Saturday. But unlike the rest of the pack, Villanova is playing up to its No. 1 seed.
The Wildcats began their tournament play with an easy 26-point victory over Radford. Jay Wright's squad faced a pesky Alabama team in the Round of 32, and at halftime, it appeared as if the No. 9 seed had a chance to upset Villanova. But a 22-point second half from junior guard Mikal Bridges put those thoughts to rest, as the Wildcats pulled away to win by 23.
With one of the country's most efficient offenses, it was not surprising to see Villanova score at ease against Radford and Alabama. But the Wildcats' defense has also looked great in the first two rounds, and that should worry the other 15 remaining schools. Going up against a very talented West Virginia team in the Sweet 16, Villanova will face its toughest matchup yet on Friday.
South Region without top-4 seed in Sweet 16 for first time ever
The best way to understand just how crazy this year's NCAA Tournament has been so far is to look at the bracket's South Region. For the first time in NCAA history, no top-four seed in the South Region has made it to the second weekend, as No. 1 seed Virginia, No. 2 Cincinnati, No. 3 seed Tennessee, and No. 4 seed Arizona all found themselves on the wrong side of an upset.
The four teams to make it to the Sweet 16 out of the South are likely not the schools you may have expected. No. 5 seed Kentucky is the highest seed remaining, followed by No. 7 seed Nevada, No. 9 seed Kansas State, and No. 11 seed Loyola-Chicago.
John Calipari, who helped lead Kentucky on a late-season winning streak to take home the SEC Tournament championship, has to like their team's chances moving forward. The only obstacles between the Wildcats and yet another Final Four appearance are Thursday's matchup against Kansas State and, if they emerge victorious from that, an Elite Eight contests against the winner of Nevada-Loyola-Chicago. As we have seen many times before, the key to winning is getting hot at the right time. And few teams are playing better than the Wildcats right now.
Duke is ACC's last best hope for a title
The Atlantic Coast Conference entered the Round of 64 with several legitimate contenders to emerge as national champions. But following four days of pure chaos, the ACC is left with just one good chance at a national championship — the Duke Blue Devils.
The Blue Devils have absolutely dominated their first two games, beating Iona by 22 before dismantling Rhode Island by 25. They are averaging 88 points in their first two games, while holding both of their opponents to under one point per possession.
The ACC has four of the 16 teams left, but Duke provides the conference with their best hope for a title. The Blue Devils take on Syracuse on Friday, guaranteeing at least one ACC team in the Elite 8. Florida State has a tough matchup against No. 4 seed Gonzaga on Thursday, while Clemson will have to battle it out against No. 1 seed Kansas on Friday.
Duke has the best chance to win it all of the remaining ACC teams. But if this tournament has taught us anything, it's that any team is capable of pulling out a W, no matter how big of an upset it seems.
Want to dominate this March? Join SportsLine now to get picks for every postseason college basketball game from the model that went 27-5 in the first round last year and has accurately predicted nine of the 12 double-digit seed upsets the last two years!
Matt Citak is a contributor for CBS Local Sports and a proud Vanderbilt alum. Follow them on Twitter.
There is no better gift than a new baby in the family. With so much love and abundance, how can you know what is an appropriate gift? The new parents will be showered with gifts for the little one, and it is so much fun to share in their joy with a great big gift basket. Gift baskets are perfect because they offer a beautiful presentation and thoughtfully chosen items that any new parent will appreciate, while also being convenient since you do not have to put it all together yourself. Any new mom and dad will love to receive these gift baskets to help prepare for their new little bundle of joy.
1. Baby Aspen Four-Piece Gift Set, Let the Fin Begin
This Baby Aspen baby bath gift set is as cute as can be. It comes in a metal pail, which can be used to hold bath toys, and includes a towel, washcloth mitt and booties. The whole set is shark themed and the towel even has teeth, a top fin and a tail! This is a perfect unisex gift for any baby.
Price: $31.99
2. Welcome Home Baby Gift Basket
The Welcome Home Baby Gift Basket from Organic Stores is a large basket stuffed full with all of the essentials you need for a new baby. This basket includes a teddy bear, wash cloths, baby wash and lotion, a hand print kit, a picture frame, a baby music CD, a first year scrapbook and much, much more. The theme is yellow and green, so it is great for both boys and girls.
Price: $184.97
3. Baby Diaper Bag Gift Basket
This gift basket is packaged in a diaper bag – Perfect for new parents! It includes a stuffed animal with a blankie, a memory foam pillow with two pillowcases (Caution – These are for play time only, not for sleeping), The Harvey Karp best seller “The Happiest Baby On The Block” as well as a changing pad to go with the diaper bag. You can either choose boy (blue cow), girl (pink kitty) or unisex (green frog).
Price: $49.99
4. Baby Aspen Gift Set with Keepsake Basket Five Little Monkeys
Here is yet another adorable gift set from Baby Aspen, this time witha monkey theme. All babies love monkeys, and this set comes with a plush eight inch stuffed monkey with embroidered face (no beads or choking hazards), a soft five inch banana rattle, a velour blankie with satin trim and embroidery, a wicker keepsake basket with an embroidered liner and a solid wood “Shh Baby's Sleeping” door hanger. This super cute gift basket is perfect for any young baby.
Price: $19.99
5. Burt's Bees Baby Better Bathtime Basket
Burt's Bees is a favorite brand among new parents for their all natural, chemical free and great quality products. This bath time gift basket contains 100% organic cotton bath robe, blanket and bath accessories like a wash cloth, along with baby bee shampoo and wash and a mini lotion. This gift basket will make bath time a joy! You can choose from four colors – two blues, pink and grey.
Price: $36.08
6. Trend Lab 7 Piece Bib & Burp Feeding Basket Gift Set
Here is another fun and useful unisex baby gift basket that all new parents will love. This gift comes with a keepsake basket lined in fabric with a modern print, along with two deluxe bibs and three burp cloths. All pieces are 100% cotton. The bibs measure 8″ x 12″ and the burp cloths measure 10″ x 13″ so they are the perfect size. If you prefer a more colorful gift you can also choose from pink, blue or sea foam green.
Price: $21.74
7. New Mama Natural Gift Box
This gift set is focused on the new mommy as well as the baby. Ora's Amazing Herbal is a great brand for herbal teas and skincare products, and their products are all 100% organic. Each product is based on an herbal infusion with healing and nourishing herbs. This gift set includes a baby salve for the diaper area, an all purpose salve for everyone in the family, a post partum balancer herbal tea, two lip balms, and a stainless steel tea infuser ball. This is a gift that any new mom will love for months to come.
Price: $58.99
8. Newborn Baby Boy Bath Basket
If you want a gift basket that is just pure fun, this is a great choice. This gift set comes in a cute plastic bucket with rope handles, and inside it has all kinds of fun bath products and accessories. Inside you will find a plush terry knit hooded towel, washcloths, a bath mitt, a bath squirter shaped like a rubber ducky, organic body lotion and organic baby soap.
Price: $83.95
9. Avanchy Mix & Match Organic – Bamboo Baby Gift Set
Here is a unique gift set that is completely focused on feeding. Avanchy is a top brand of baby dining ware including plates, spoons, sporks and more. This set includes a huge range of products that will be all the new parents need for their baby's first tastes of food all the way through toddlerhood. Inside this kit you will find infant spoons, toddler spoons, toddler sporks, baby bowls, baby plates, and toddler plates that are divided into sections. All of the pieces in this collection are made of bamboo and silicon, and are 100% plastic free. The bowls and plates are designed to stay put on the table, and they have an easy pull tab to unlock the suction when it is time to clean up. This will really help with meal time messes. This gift set comes in four color combinations, so you can choose the one that fits their tastes best.
Price: $59.97
10. Tadpoles Starburst Gift Set
Finally, here is an adorable newborn gift set for parents of a brand-new baby. It also comes in 6-12 month sizes if you are shopping for a baby born earlier in the year. This set is 100% cotton and includes a bodysuit, short sleeve top, pants, booties, mittens, cap, two bibs, and three terry washcloths. This is a great set of basics and it comes in four color combinations for boys, girls and unisex.
Price: $30.13
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
The world's largest field trial on the control of Japanese knotweed, conducted in Wales, has found that eradicating the plant is not possible.
Researchers from Swansea University have carried out extensive trials on the invasive plant at sites in Taff's Well, near Cardiff, and Swansea.
Over a five year period, the team tested all nineteen of the main methods of controlling the plant.
They say working with the plant's biology produces the best results.
The methods used were physical, chemical and an integrated approach.
Professor Dan Eastwood from the project said: "Basically, we're discovering how best to tackle invasive plants in real world conditions, informed by evidence of what actually works. We began focusing on knotweed at a time when there was a great deal of hysteria surrounding it.
"At the time, most information for people affected by the plant was largely based on anecdote. This led to the prospect of unscrupulous companies offering expensive and ineffective treatment solutions.
"It was incredible to us that there was no long-term, large-scale field trial analysis of the treatment methods used to control Japanese knotweed."
Image caption One of the field trial sites at Taffs Well
Dr Dan Jones, the founder of a consultancy that solves complex invasive plant species problems, said: "Off the back of the first three years of data we've found that eradication is not possible. Hopefully over the longer term we may move towards that by using new chemicals we're looking at.
"But it's not a question of eradication, it's a question of sustained control and management and well informed control and management.
"Claims made by companies, stating that they could eradicate Japanese knotweed using herbicides in short spaces of time have now been proven to be false, based on our experiments.
"Furthermore, we have shown that applying the wrong herbicides at the wrong time of the year leads to greater herbicide use and environmental impacts."
The trials covered the four main herbicide groups used in weed control. The chemical found to be the most effective was glyphosate. However, very low doses were applied - the lowest of all the other herbicides used.
Dr Jones added: "There's a range of issues in terms of risk and hazard. There's a political issue around glyphosate as well.
"What we've done is work with the biology of the plant to minimise the amount of herbicide we're using over a treatment life cycle. Although we're using quite a contentious herbicide in that respect, we are using far less of that herbicide than you would use for other products that don't work on Japanese knotweed."
David Gregson a chartered surveyor who provides specialist advice on the issue, said the plant was a very common problem in the south Wales Valleys areas, with Swansea particularly badly affected.
They added: "The main problem is mortgage lenders are very reluctant to lend on properties where knotweed is present and obviously that means in turn people can't sell their properties and it might sometimes be because knotweed is present in the next door garden.
"A typical situation is a couple wanting to get divorced. They've got a lot of knotweeds in their garden, they both want to move on with their lives and they've got a house they can't sell."
Courtesy Mark Cochran
Mark Cochran, 62, of Chicago, runs a family manufacturing business with their wife, and twin 29-year-old sons. He's an avid golfer, and physically active, so when a nagging cough led to fatigue and weight loss, they assumed it was simply the aging process taking its toll. “Three months before I was diagnosed, I had this slight cough with some fatigue,” Mark tells Reader's Digest. “I was wondering if I was just getting older, but the cough combined with the weight loss was concerning,” they add. (Check out the seven silent signs that your lungs could be in trouble.) Mark developed a case of pneumonia that landed them in the hospital for five days, and it was there they received the news they never saw coming: Mark had idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, an incurable rare lung condition in which scar tissue grows in the lungs over time, resulting in shortness of breath, limited lung capacity, and weight loss. “The lung x-rays at the hospital weren't normal, and so they did a CT scan, which ultimately led to my diagnosis,” they explain. The chronic condition can occur spontaneously; in some cases, there may be a genetic link. Some risk factors for IPF include breathing in metal or wood dust, smoking, and having acid reflux disease. (Watch out for this common cleaning ingredient that can increase your risk of lung disease.)
Courtesy Mark CochranThe news came as a shock to Mark and their family; they were worried about the ways pulmonary fibrosis might change their lives. “My first thoughts were about the impact on my family and business. Being told you have an incurable disease, that the only treatment is a lung transplant, and that it has unpredictable progression, is devastating,” they say. Mark, like many with a difficult diagnosis, turned to the internet to get more information, and what they found was frightening. “I was researching online and there was information about the disease—but not treatments. Google didn't have any positive news. It wasn't until I met with my doctors that I began to have hope,” they recall.
Mark credits their pulmonary doctors with offering them hope through a new medication, Esbriet, that has shown promising results in those with IPF. “It took me about two months to get acclimated to some of the side effects of the drug. My doctors told me I could exercise—and that's when I really turned a corner. I felt like I could do something to be proactive and get better. I began walking and increasing my time and distance,” they explain. Today, Mark continues to run their family business with the help of their wife and sons, though they maintain a reduced schedule in order to make time for the exercise their doctors recommend improving their lung function. (Here are 11 exercises that can increase your lung power.)
Mark says they hope that others with a similar lung disease will find hope through hearing their story. “I would have loved to have heard my own story 16 months ago,” they say. “I would tell others that there is treatment—you can live with the disease” they add.  They are quick to point out that it was not only the support of family and friends that got them through the initial shock, but also that of the doctors that refused to let them believe their situation was hopeless. “My biggest inspiration through this was my pulmonary and lung transplant doctors,” they say. “Their dedication and commitment to making sure I know there is hope, and that I can keep living my life even though I have this disease has been incredible,” they add. “The support from my wife, children, and friends has been truly life-changing as well,” they continue. “I have some limited lung function now—I'm a little bit slower than I was, but slow and steady is how I get through every day,” Mark says.
CASINO
The U.S. Inspector General is keeping a watchful eye on Department of the Interior (DOI) amid allegations that Las Vegas-based MGM Resorts swayed the agency to sit on the proposed $300 million East Windsor casino project of Connecticut's Mashantucket Pequot and Mohegan tribes.
According to a Hartford Courant report, the watchdog had been sniffing for clues since mid-February to determine whether the DOI colluded with MGM Resorts to delay Connecticut's satellite casino project.
DOI Inspector General spokesperson Nancy DiPaolo told local reporters that the investigation stemmed from the request of four Connecticut lawmakers, who all wanted to know the truth behind the DOI's inaction on the two tribes' joint casino venture.
DiPaolo admitted that it could take “months” before the investigation concludes.
Sen. Richard Blumenthal, one of the four members of Connecticut's delegation, described the investigation as a “significant breakthrough in the Department of Interior's stonewalling and possible conflict of interest.”
“They failed to act in the best interest of the tribes and that is their obligation. They are blatantly breaking that obligation which is a matter of trust and law,” Blumenthal said, according to the news outlet.
Last year, Connecticut has passed legislation amending the state's tribal gaming compacts, paving the way for the construction of a new casino off tribal land, near the state's border with Massachusetts. For the law to be implemented, the tribes needed the approval of the Bureau of Indian Affairs, which is under the DOI.
MGM had long time opposed the East Windsor casino plan, especially since it would greatly affect the operations of MGM Springfield, which is set to open just across the border in Massachusetts.
In February, Politico published an article that examined the meetings between Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke and MGM lobbyists, as well as with Nevada Sen. Dean Heller and Rep. Mark Amodel, when the tribes' amended compact request arrived on the government official's table.
The same news outlet reported over the weekend that the Trump administration rejected recommendations from federal experts on Indian gaming policy, resulting in the delays of the implementation of the East Windsor casino plan.
Comments
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Wigan Warriors held off a determined challenge from Wakefield Trinity to gain a hard-earned 10-16 victory at the Beaumont Legal Stadium today.
Wakefield were without concussion victim Joe Arundel and fellow injury victim Bill Tupou from the side that lost at Castleford on Good Friday, with Mason Caton-Brown and Ashley Gibson stepping up to fill the breach in the centres, while Keegan Hirst also came onto the bench.
Wigan were lacking Joe Burgess, Michael McIlorum and Willie Isa from the 17 who defeated St Helens, with Liam Forsyth, Romain Navarrete and Nick Gregson replacing them.
Wigan took an early lead with a try from skipper Sean O'Loughlin that took advantate of some poor line defence from Wakefield. Morgan Escaré converted and Wakefield quickly replied, when Scott Grix touched down an Ashley Gibson grubber into Wigan's in-goal. Liam Finn couldn't convert, but they did add a penalty to level the scores on 24 minutes.
Escaré then produced the highlight of the first half with a brilliant try created by a George Williams pass and great footwork from the French star, who converted their own try.
But Wakefield replied again when Ben Jones-Bishop went over in the corner after great passing by Wakefield, although Finn couldn't add the goal and the half-time score was 10-12 with Wigan ahead.
The second half was a tightly contested affair, with Sam Powell held up over the line, Kyle Wood held up just short at the other end and Romain Navarrete unable to ground the ball under the Wakefield posts.
But the stalemate was finally broken when George Williams gave an overhead pass to Liam Marshall in the 78th minute for the young winger to score in the corner and clinch the points for Wigan.
Wakefield: 1 Scott Grix, 5 Ben Jones-Bishop, 24 Mason Caton-Brown, 15 Ashley Gibson, 2 Tom Johnstone, 6 Jacob Miller, 7 Liam Finn, 17 Craig Huby, 9 Kyle Wood, 8 Anthony England, 11 Matty Ashurst, 32 Dean Hadley,, 16 Tinirau Arona; Subs: 12 Danny Kirmond (C), 10 Mitch Allgood, 20 David Fifita, 23 Keegan Hirst
Tries: Grix, Jones-Bishop; Goals: Finn
Wigan: 22 Morgan Escaré, 36 Tom Davies, 3 Anthony Gelling, 32 Liam Forsyth, 35 Liam Marshall, 6 George Williams, 7 Thomas Leuluai, 17 Taulima Tautai, 16 Sam Powell, 10 Ben Flower, 11 Joel Tomkins, 12 Liam Farrell, 13 Sean O'Loughlin (C); Subs: 19 Ryan Sutton, 8 Frank-Paul Nuuausala, 26 Romain Navarrete, 23 Nick Gregson.
Tries: O'Loughlin, Escaré, Marshall; Goals: Escaré
More details from this game will feature in next Monday's League Express
ARDMORE, Okla. -- An Ardmore woman who escaped from a halfway house in Oklahoma City was arrested on theft charges in Ardmore this weekend.
Shelbie Morris, 23, had been sentenced to seven years last January for stealing a vehicle in 2015. But police say Morris walked away from the Oklahoma City Community Corrections Center some time in the last week.
Early Saturday morning, someone at the Pecan Creek Apartments in the 1100 block of Holiday Drive NW called Ardmore police and said Morris stole their phone, a pair of shoes, and some cash. They also told police where Morris might be hiding out.
"Officers went to that area and were able to locate the suspect and another individual in an abandoned home," police spokesperson Capt. Keith Ingle said.
Morris was arrested in the 300 block of 4th Avenue SE and is being held on warrants from the state and from Garfield County. They could now be sent to prison for violating the conditions of their incarceration.
Santana Burris, 25, was arrested with Morris on a marijuana possession charge.
Last month, 28-year-old Justin Sullivan, who escaped from another Oklahoma City halfway house, was found dead in a burning car with a female companion less than a mile from where Morris and Burris were arrested. Police are investigating that incident as a double-homicide.
Ingle said the point of a halfway house is not to keep convicts locked up.
"It's not like they are in a penitentiary any more; they are in a halfway house, so they are trying to introduce them back into society," they said. "They have jobs and stuff like that, so when they walk away you hope that you know it's just to go to work... but sometimes they take advantage of the situation."
NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--Trump Hotels, the luxury hotel brand known for its exceptionally designed hotels in iconic destinations, has kicked off the summer travel season with splash-worthy offers and intuitive amenities that will entice guests to extend their holidays in the sun. From Chicago, to Las Vegas, Miami, Washington, D.C., Virginia or Waikiki, jet setting travelers can look forward to an elevated selection of summer getaways from the award-winning properties to make this summer truly unforgettable.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006141/en/
Trump National Doral Miami (Photo: Business Wire)
For a limited time, travelers can plan the perfect summer weekend getaways with all Trump Hotels destinations with the “ Summer Break ” offer and receive 20% off when staying for three or more consecutive nights including a Sunday night. The offer is available when booking now through September 3, 2018 for stays between May 25 and September 3, 2018.
Other local property offers include:
Trump International Hotel & Tower Chicago
The Spa at Trump takes guests on a garden to spa journey with treatments inspired by the fresh flowers and herbs from The Terrace garden. Guests are invited to celebrate the warm temperatures and summer spirit with a relaxing menu inspired by The Terrace's budding fruits, vegetables and herbs, and enjoy iconic views of Chicago's skyline. The Spa at Trump's new series of services include Mint Tea Manicure/Pedicure, Scents from the Garden Massage, Terrace Citrus Breeze Package and a Fresh Balancing Lemongrass Scrub. A treatment at the spa in Downtown Chicago is the perfect way to relax during a summer getaway, and hotel guests can save up to 20% on a guest room by staying for three nights or more.
Trump International Hotel Las Vegas
Las Vegas may be in the middle of a desert, but watering holes abound during the summer months. Trump International Hotel Las Vegas encourages guests to bring the Spa with them to the cabana this summer with massage therapist available poolside. Poolside treatments include Custom Cabana Full Body Massage ($185 for 60 minutes; $210 for 90 minutes), Poolside Bliss Hand and Foot Massage ($85 for 25 minutes; $170 for 50 minutes), and the Sittin' Pretty Chair Massage ($30 for 10 minutes; $60 for 20 minutes). The pool will also have a DJ performing on the weekends starting Memorial Day Weekend through the summer. Movie Night at the pool will begin the first week after Memorial Day, where guests can go night swimming and watch family friendly movies. This summer, Trump Las Vegas offers up to 25% off of each stay when booking through the link provided: https://www.trumphotels.com/las-vegas/offer/vegas-retreat.
Trump International Hotel Waikiki
Hawaii is a beautiful tropical vacation hotspot unlike any other in the world, with its stunning sandy beaches, impeccable weather, vibrant culture, delicious food and incredible wildlife thrive year-round. This summer, visitors have a unique opportunity to experience the perfect tropical getaway on Oahu with Trump International Hotel Waikiki. Trump International Hotel Waikiki has a special Limited Time Suite Offer for the hotel's luxuriously appointed residential-style two- and three-bedroom suites, for a minimum stay of three nights. This offer is eligible for guests who book before June 30, 2018 for a stay from August 29 – December 19, 2018. For more information visit www.trumphotels.com/waikiki.
Trump National Doral Miami
A tropical oasis surrounded by four championship golf courses located just minutes from Miami's world-renowned beaches, Trump National Doral Miami is the perfect summer weekend getaway destination. On Father's Day, dads will receive 50% off all online bookings on the Gold and Silver golf courses with promo code “ DAD ”. Then, to refresh and rejuvenate after a day on the green, dads can enjoy a variety of Father's Day Specials at The Trump Spa. Valid through June 30, these dad-doting offerings include The Nineteenth Hole Package, The Dapper Dad Massage, The Black Tie Facial and The Well-Groomed Gent. Those purchasing a spa treatment for Dad can also receive an additional complimentary upgrade for their own appointment. Rounding out the summer season, the resort's Fourth of July Pool Party and the Labor Day Weekend Rock ‘n' Roll Pool Party will feature complimentary poolside games, giant floats and a patriotic BBQ, exclusive to club members and resort guests.
Trump International Hotel Washington, D.C.
Celebrate the 4th of July all month long at The Spa by Ivanka Trump™ with the 'Red, White, and Bliss' massage treatment. This patriotic-themed treatment includes a hot stone massage with RED Flower product line, all on WHITE luxurious spa linen, leaving guests in complete BLISS. Spa guests can bask in Washington, D.C.'s only Himalayan Salt Chamber post-treatment and experience the same relaxation benefits of spending time in the salty sea air. Available this July at The Spa by Ivanka Trump™ priced at $165 for 50 minutes.
Albemarle Estate at Trump Winery (Virginia)
With award-winning wines, unparalleled views, and unique events, Trump Winery is a must-visit for summer travel. Sprawling across nearly 1,300 acres in the heart of the Monticello Wine Trail, guests will be blown away by the stunning panoramas, rolling Blue Ridge views, 227 acres of vines, and large lakes. The winery invites guests to join for an event lineup that is certain to delight and engage. From June 3-24, guests of the Estate can enjoy the rare opportunity to tour the beautiful gardens at Albemarle Estate, which were originally designed by world famous landscape architects from around the world. The tours are led by the winery's Garden and Grounds Manager, and tickets are $55 per person. From July 8-22, guests can enjoy a wine tasting series highlighting the winery's unique variety of wines. Tickets are $55 per person or $200 for the 4 day series pass.
About TRUMP HOTEL GROUP™
Trump® Hotel Group is the world-renowned hotel brand and management company home to Trump Hotels™, SCION™ Hotels and Resorts and American IDEA™ Hotels. Having started as a luxury hotel brand with a mission of providing extraordinary customer experiences in iconic destinations, the Hotel Group recently announced the expansion of its portfolio into the upscale and midscale segments.
Trump Hotels is a luxury brand with a mission of providing extraordinary customer experiences. Its exceptionally designed hotels in iconic locations put guests at the heart of each destination. Each property provides a variety of offerings including signature programs designed with the guest in mind, and every hotel has a distinct design that is culturally-relevant, with iconic architecture that is contextual to the destination.
The recently launched SCION Hotels and Resorts brand is a 4-star, lifestyle offering that is forward-thinking and designed to connect and engage guests and others with compelling spaces and a strong sense of community. The brand will deliver locally relevant, meaningful and sough-after experiences to those looking for a sense of connection during their travels as well as when they return home.
American IDEA Hotels is the Company's new midscale brand. With a love for locale, the brand embraces the nuances of each community it serves and offers a peek into the local culture through decor, provisions and information. Every IDEA Hotel is its own.
Trump Hotel Group's “Never Settle” philosophy permeates its everyday work culture, with dedicated leaders and talented associates priding themselves on impacting the guest experience with exacting standards and keen attention to detail. Led by seasoned hotel industry veteran Eric Danziger, Trump Hotel Group is part of The Trump Organization, helmed by Donald Trump Jr. and Eric Trump.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006141/en/
CONTACT: Glodow Nead Communications
Hwee Peng Yeo, 415-394-6500
TrumpHotelsPR@thotelspr.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FLORIDA HAWAII ILLINOIS NEVADA NEW YORK VIRGINIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TRAVEL DESTINATIONS VACATION LODGING
SOURCE: Trump Hotels
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 01:09 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 01:09 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006141/en
Alex Neve, Secretary General of Amnesty International Canada, was in Lacombe on Sunday discussing the global refugee crisis.
During their speech, Neve said the key to solving the worldwide crisis is five things: prevention, champions, rights, empowerment and solidarity.
Currently, there are over 25 million refugees worldwide and one person is forced to flee their home every two seconds due to conflict or violence.
Neve said the numbers are the highest since the Second World War and that the numbers of displaced people in South Sudan and Syria are staggering, but the numbers do not tell the whole story of the crisis.
“It is only .3 of one per cent of the world's population,” they said.
”We can cope with that. We have enough prosperity, wealth and imagination among all nations that we can cope with that.
“The crisis lies in the fact that we have decided to respond not with generosity and compassion but with punishment and restriction. We spend billions of dollars on measures that are designed to keep refugees out of countries around the world and that has exacerbated the crisis.”
Much of the anti-refugee policy throughout the global north has stemmed from anti-refugee populist politics which uses negative and racist rhetoric to demonize refugees, according to Neve.
“This is something that in the past has largely been the domain of neo-Nazi groups, extremist fringe political parties or tabloid newspapers,” they said. “They have now come out of the fringes and have gone mainstream.”
Neve said U.S. President Donald Trump's election campaign was an example of this toxic rhetoric.
“Trump's election campaign was an attack on refugees and migrants, whether it be Muslim refugees or Central American, Latin American refugees coming to the United States,” Neve said.
“He did so in terms that often were not even disguised in their contempt and hatred for those very populations.”
Neve said it is important to turn away from that type of politics and that everyone needs to open their eyes and hearts to protecting refugees.
He, thankfully, has noticed some fruits of this effort after Canadians welcomed Syrian refugees to their communities all over the county.
“At the end of the day when we do have those opportunities for personal connections with people that is what wins out,” they said. “All the other suspicion, fears, worries and intolerance diminishes. “
One of the key goals for Neve is to promote agencies for refugees and give them control over the policy that will impact their lives.
“For years and decades, one of the most unfortunate hallmarks of refugee policy has been the degree to which refugees themselves have not been involved with shaping those policies and making decisions about their lives, their rights, their families and their futures,” they said.
“That is not only cruel, it also leads to bad policy because who knows better about what will work than those whose lives are on the line. We need to change that around.”
While the Canadian government has said a lot regarding helping the refugee crisis, the $15 billion Saudi Arabia arms deal for light-armoured vehicles lies in stark contrast to what has been said.
Canada has expressed concern regarding the crisis in Yemen, Neve said, but has yet to back out of the deal which provides weapons to the Saudi government which has exacerbated the crisis and has committed endless war crimes.
“We can't have it both ways. Are we or are we not concerned about displacement in Yemen? If we are, we should not be equipping the armed forces of the country that is the replacement of much of that suffering. We need coherence,” they said.
Neve said it is important for Central Albertans to raise their voices to all levels of government and let politicians know that they are in support of policy that is welcoming and compassionate to refugees
“Groups like Amnesty International always have petitions online and in person at public events where you have an opportunity to add your voice to the thousands of others around the world who are speaking out. It is not a time to be silent,” Neve said.
editor@lacombeexpress.com
todd.vaughan@reddeerexpress.com
Like us on facebook athttps://www.facebook.com/Lacombeexpress/
and follow us on Twitter at https://twitter.com/lacombeexpress.
Apple Inc. will start transferring billions of euros to Ireland within months, after reaching a deal on an account to hold the cash while it fights a European tax case.
In a 2016 order that reverberated across the Atlantic, the European Commission, the EU's executive arm, slapped Apple with a tax bill of as much as 13 billion euros (15.9 billion), saying Ireland had granted unfair deals that reduced the company's effective corporate tax rate.
The money will start to flow into an escrow account by the end of June, with Ireland getting all the money by the end of October, Finance Minister Paschal Donohoe said in Dublin Tuesday.
While Apple and Ireland appeal the EU decision, regulators demanded that the government hold the money in escrow until the process is complete. The appeal may take as long as five years, and is likely to start in the fall, Donohoe said.
In August 2016, the EU ordered the government to collect the tax arrears within five months, and then decided to sue Ireland for not getting the money on time.
The delay may have been linked in part to Ireland's wish to negotiate a deal to cover itself against any losses stemming from holding the money, as first reported by Bloomberg News. Donohoe said Tuesday the taxpayer wouldn't be on the hook for any losses.
“This is the largest recovery fund of its kind ever to be established,” they said. “Due to the complexity of such, together with our duty to comply with EU procurement rules, it has taken some time to get to this point.”
— With assistance by Peter Flanagan
Basically, few people offered more detail than, “well, they do good things.” That's a nice compliment, but perhaps it's time we explain a little more about ourselves. With that in mind, this column and the next one will focus on questions we're asked quit a lot.
What does Unite Way do? First, you should know that our local United Way of Wilson County and the Upper Cumberland raises funds locally, and that money helps local individuals. We have 13 counties in our area now, but unless you designate your pledge to go elsewhere, it stays here, helping local individuals. Internationally, United Way is engaged in nearly 1,800 communities across more than 40 countries and territories worldwide. As the largest privately-funded nonprofit in the world, we create solutions that build stronger communities. We're improving education, strengthening financial stability and making communities healthier. But we don't do it alone. Nearly 2.6 million volunteers and 9.6 million donors are engaged with us across the world to advance community-based and community-led solutions.
We bring people and organizations together to do more than any of us can do on our own. Employers, nonprofits, government, faith organizations, educators, labor, health providers, community leaders, youth and many others partner with us. Together, we tackle some of the world's toughest issues. We're after solutions that create real change. It's not simple, or easy. But we're making progress and seeing results.
As you can see from the previous question, with so many local United Ways representing thousands of different communities, many campaigns are different. However, one question we are asked is, as an employee, will I be forced to give or, sometimes we have heard from an employee who tells us they felt pressure to give at a former workplace.
Here's how we feel about this. Giving should always be a personal matter and decision, free from coercion. We don't want campaigns using undue pressure in any way, shape or form. That's not what we are, and it's in direct conflict with our operating standards. That's why we conduct training programs for fundraisers. We emphasize the use of information and education, not pressure tactics. We recommend that workplace fundraising be led by peers, not managers. And we discourage the practice of setting 100-percent participation as a campaign fundraising goal.
John McMillin is president of United Way of Wilson County and the Upper Cumberland. Email them at john@givetouwwc.org.
A man who was convicted of anonymously ordering pizza to a woman's house was subsequently tricked into revealing their own address by a police officer, who sent them a hoax text message offering free movie tickets.
But the conviction for fictitiously using a telephone to place the order has been overturned by the New Zealand High Court.
Timaru man Richard Arthur James Crawford placed the fake $30 Domino's order last year to the house of a woman who was an "unwitting and unwilling recipient".
The woman was upset after receiving a number of other anonymous orders made to their house, the judgment said, including one occasion where a taxi was ordered with instructions to take them to hospital. It noted that there was no proof Crawford was responsible for these other incidents.
Crawford was convicted in November 2017, but the High Court has ruled the confession Crawford made after the police officer turned up at their house is inadmissible, because the movie ticket text was unlawful.
The judgement from Justice Nicholas Davidson, handed down on March 14, explained that Crawford had anonymously ordered two pizzas and a garlic bread to the woman's house. When they arrived at their door, they got the number of the person who made the order off the delivery driver and complained to the police.
"The sergeant tried calling the number several times to no avail," the judgement read. "He ran the number through police systems, but could not identify who it belonged to, as the phone number was not known to police systems.
"Then they sent the following text: 'Thanks for your continued support. You are the winner of two Movie Max 5 session passes to be used by 12/6/17. Text your name and address for the passes to be posted to you.'"
Crawford immediately replied to the text with their name and address.
Vote For Minnesota's Best Hard Cider The air's getting crisp, every store has some form of pumpkin spice in stock, and fall is sweeping into Minnesota!
Guide To 2017 Labor Day Weekend Events In MinnesotaSporting and cultural events will mark the transition from summer to fall during the Labor Day weekend. Minnesota will feature some of the best entertainment productions. While baseball features prominently on many Labor Day weekend schedules, for other activities a weekend guide can be useful.
An off-duty police officer shot themselves in the chest during a heated argument with their girlfriend Saturday morning in Brooklyn, sources said.
The couple were talking inside a silver Honda Accord — possibly breaking up –at the intersection of Wythe Avenue and Williamsburg Street West, when things took a violent turn just after 11 a.m.
The officer, who works at the 94th Precinct, shot themselves near the heart, and was taken to Elmhurst Hospital in stable condition.
A crowd of at least 10 police officers stood alongside the Accord, peering inside and shaking their heads, as another group of officers stood nearby.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Last time in this column it was the Western Orbital road, this time it's a railway. As High Speed Rail continues with its low speed development there has been a recycling of news about its ecological mitigation programme. (Governments may try to bury bad news, but they keep repeating good news stories.) First announced on Christmas Eve 2016, several million pounds of Government money will be used to plant about seven million trees along the 140-mile route: that's 50,000 per mile. It may sound like a lot of trees, but no more than about 10% are likely to survive to maturity.
Our obsession with trees obscures other important elements of the mitigation programme which also includes creating ponds and other wetland habitats, and homes for badgers and other animals. Ironies abound: whilst one Government department is busy organising badger culls, another is providing funding to HS2 to help them. Then there is the contrast between Network Rail and HS2, the former being pilloried for what some see as over-aggressive tree felling alongside their tracks, and the latter planting millions of them. To be fair the HS2 projects are within a corridor several miles wide, not necessarily close to the line.
Welcoming HS2's commitment to the environment, Georgia Stokes of The Wildlife Trust for Birmingham and the Black Country said, ‘It is crucial that HS2 has recognised not only the importance of the connection between wildlife and people, but also the necessity for wildlife as well as people to travel safely. We look forward to seeing more detail, particularly plans for beyond lines of the track itself. Whilst HS2 wants to achieve a net gain for nature, their plans are not reflective of the urban environment.'
That net gain may be impossible to achieve, because perhaps the biggest irony is that if the best route for HS2 through Staffordshire had involved the demolition of Lichfield Cathedral, it would not even have been contemplated. The idea of building a replica cathedral a few miles away would have been treated with the scorn it deserved. The ancient woodlands and habitats are the same, a pastiche of themselves is not equivalent to the originals.
Whilst wondering why the natural world is not treated with the same respect as our ancient artifacts, I nevertheless wish HS2 and its partners well in their environmental endeavours.
A 36-year-old man was sentenced to 44 years in prison Thursday after they were found guilty of murdering a man while they slept, pointing a gun at the man's elderly mother and stealing marijuana.
Ronnie Williams and Corey Carroll, 25, broke into an Adams County home in early December 2016 as Steven Kent, 55, and Marilyn Kent, 80, slept, according to a statement from the Adams County District Attorney's Office.
Marilyn Kent, who is disabled and was on oxygen at the time, heard yelling in their son's bedroom followed by six gunshots. Williams next came into their room and held a gun to their head. Carroll told Williams not to shoot her, according to the DA's office.
The two, who wore ski masks and rubber gloves, left with two freezer bags of marijuana. They were arrested later in the month.
Read the rest of this story on DenverPost.com
By Sam McPherson
The Major League Baseball season is two weeks in, and already there have been a ton of players suffering injuries and landing on the new 10-day disabled list. The 2015 American League Most Valuable Player, Toronto Blue Jays third baseman Josh Donaldson, was off to a great start before aggravating their calf and landing on the DL. Same for two-time All-Star closer Zach Britton, who was leading the AL in saves with five. the Baltimore Orioles closer is now on the DL, too, with a forearm strain. You just can't avoid injuries in fantasy baseball, unless you're very, very lucky.
However, unlike fantasy football, which is much more punishing if you lose a top draft pick to injury so soon, you can overcome these kinds of injuries in fantasy baseball. Most of the time, you can find able replacements on the waiver wire in April to alleviate the pain of an injured player. Yes, Donaldson is harder to replace than Britton, using the above examples, because someone on the Orioles still has to save games, whereas hitting home runs and collecting RBI is harder when it comes to finding another third baseman like Donaldson.
The point is that injuries happen to almost every team in your league, and they happen often. Generally, it's always a priority to replace injured hitters first, because the counting stats (HRs, RBI, etc.) are predominant—and the skill sets are harder to replicate. With pitching, it's best to prioritize replacing closers over starters, as saves come from everywhere whereas bad starters can ruin your place in the standings, thanks to the ERA and WHIP categories.
Players to Get Onto Your Roster Now
1. Ryan Zimmerman, 1B, Washington Nationals: This would be a perfect replacement for Donaldson, if Zimmerman still played third. Depending on your roster, maybe you can juggle the 1B/3B slots a bit and grab Zimmerman while Donaldson heals. Strangely, Zimmerman was only an All-Star selection once (2009), but he's off to a good start in 2017 with a .341 average, three HRs and six RBI. It may not last long, considering recent history. They haven't played a full season since 2013, but if you just need a few weeks out of them while Donaldson gets back to full strength, Zimmerman is as good an option as any.
2. Jason Vargas, SP, Kansas City Royals: Coming back from a UCL tear is never certain, but Vargas looks to be in good shape right now. They started three games late last year and got progressively better each time out. With another offseason to recover, Vargas has started off this season strong (2-0, 0.66 ERA, 14 strikeouts), and although they probably won't throw more than 150 innings this whole season, now's the time to get on board and ride their arm for as long as you can. Vargas isn't going to win the Cy Young Award, but you don't need them to in order to benefit from their comeback.
3. Chris Devenski, P, Houston Astros: This is an interesting proposition, since Devenski isn't in the Astros starting rotation. However, they started five games last year and should find their way into a starter's role soon. Devenski's numbers in relief this year is stellar already (17 Ks in nine innings, plus a 1.00 ERA), and for their career so far, the numbers are stable and good (117 1/3 IP, 121 Ks, 2.07 ERA, 0.886 WHIP). Even if they don't start that often, their overall numbers can only help your fantasy staff. Sometimes, it's the sneaky reliever types like this that win the league for you.
4. Aaron Judge, OF, New York Yankees: They had a rough start to their career last season, but Judge already looks a lot better this season (three HRs, seven RBIs, .870 OPS). Their batting eye looks improved, too, based on four walks already in 10 games after Judge had nine total last year in 27 games. They could supply a ton of power for your team if another player goes down with an injury—and a lineup juggle works for you. Just 25 years old, Judge is one of several young Yankees looking to bring the power and the glory back to the Bronx.
Players to Sit/Drop This Week
1. Byron Buxton, OF, Minnesota Twins: He's still only 23 years old, but with 149 MLB games under their belt now since 2015, it doesn't look like Buxton is ever going to be the great player they were touted to be. He's struck out 23 times already this season, in just 12 games. Overall, he's hitting just .093, and again, with almost a full season compiled in stats, little about those numbers (.210 average, only 13 stolen bases) suggests he's going to have a good career. Maybe they turn it around eventually, but in single-season leagues, let someone else take the chance on Buxton. You can find better players on the waiver wire.
2. Sam Dyson, RP, Texas Rangers: Hopefully, you didn't draft both Britton and Dyson, because you'd really need to find saves now. Dyson has been a nightmare this year (0-2, 24.75 ERA) after posting 38 saves last year. But their strikeout rate has never been great (career 7.4 Ks per nine IP), so they were a risky pick to begin with this year. Psychologically, it's hard to see the Rangers going back to Dyson later for saves, especially when they have better options on their roster. Drop them and find a better reliever. Someone else can take a chance on Dyson.
3. Russell Martin, C, Toronto Blue Jays: A four-time All-Star selection, Martin (and their Blue Jays) are off to a terrible start this season. However, they are a career .253 hitter, and for a catcher with their power, that's acceptable. You know they will bounce back later along with their whole team. In the meantime, however, stash them on your bench and pick up a streaky, hot-hitting, unknown catcher. This will save your team average for now, and you'll be able to ride the inevitable, stat-correcting run Martin goes on later this summer.
4. Jeff Samardzija, SP, San Francisco Giants: He's now 0-3 with a 6.16 ERA and a 1.42 WHIP, although they looked a little better on Sunday against Colorado (no walks, eight Ks) despite taking the loss. However, the problem is that the Shark is the team's No. 4 starter, and they lack the quality stuff plus the mental fortitude (which is surprising, considering their college football days playing for Notre Dame) to overcome the San Francisco roster's many deficiencies. He's not Madison Bumgarner, and right now, even Bumgarner is winless for this last-place Giants team. Bench Samardzija if you must, but there are better SPs on the waiver wire.
DENISON, Texas -- A new study is suggesting lowering the legal blood alcohol limit. This would mean if you get behind the wheel after a couple of drinks, you could wind up behind bars.
The report, released by the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine, suggests that states should lower the legal blood alcohol limit for drivers from 0.08 to 0.05 percent.
Micah Bracy, owner of Tupelo Honey Bar and Grill in Denison, said they can get behind that proposal.
"I think it's anything far from a bad idea; other places have done it," they said. "We actually just got back from a trip in Paris, where it's 0.02, but I think the heavy difference that you're going to find is that there's much better public transportation."
But how can a drinker tell when they or they have hit 0.05 percent?
"I feel like you could have an alcoholic beverage and not feel as inebriated as your alcohol blood content level per se may be 0.08, you know, but you could feel like you're good to go, just like any normal person would be," said Indi Gargasz, a bartender at Kiotee Club.
The effect varies from person to person, but the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says a man weighing 140 pounds will hit the proposed limit at two drinks within one hour, while a woman up to 160 pounds could only have one drink per hour.
"People are still going to drink, but there are plenty of safe ways to drink and go out and still get home safely," Bracy said.
One of the reasons for this study was to reduce alcohol-related crashes, which according to the Centers for Disease Control, causes 28 deaths each day.
"Just drive safe," Gargasz said. "If you're going to get behind the wheel of a vehicle, it's not worth other people's lives or yours."
The staff at both pubs is trained to monitor patrons who may have had a little too much to drink.
"Give them water, let them know they need to sit there for a little while, that they've reached that limit... we're not going to serve you," Bracy said.
"We would always be able to offer them an Uber or call a taxi for them or make sure they do get some type of transportation that is safe," Gargasz added. "We would always prefer that to happen rather than someone get in their vehicle and drive."
A blood alcohol limit of 0.05 percent is currently the law for drivers in Utah. All other states would have to take legislative action to reduce the threshold for drunk driving.
Henderson police said the marijuana products were worth nearly $300,000. (Source: HPD)
Henderson police said young adults were common buyers of marijuana products that were unlawfully sold. (Source: HPD)
Henderson police released images of the products that were seized. (Source: HPD)
Henderson police seized $300,000 worth of illegal retail marijuana products Tuesday.
The department said members of a task force were conducting enforcement for unlawful sales of marijuana and concentrated marijuana wax products in the area of Boulder Highway between Sunset Road and Warm Springs Road. As a result of the enforcement, officers stopped a vehicle and through an investigation learned marijuana products were being unlawfully sold and distributed from an illegal residential dispensary in the 800 block of Sheerwater Avenue, near St. Rose Parkway and Maryland Parkway.
Police seized $2,299 in U.S. currency, 52.82 pounds of marijuana THC edibles, 28.48 pounds of concentrated marijuana wax, 3,565 THC vaporizer cartridges, 1.67 pounds of marijuana and 282 packages of concentrated marijuana THC syringes.
"The approximate commercial value for the illegal items seized was $299,180," Henderson police said.
Police said the case is pending indictment through the Clark County District Attorney's Office for prosecution.
Anyone with information on the case is urged to contact Henderson police at 702-267-4911. To remain anonymous, call Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555.
Henderson police said money from a grant awarded to the department in April supported the investigation.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Nigerian Army's own panel clears it of wrongdoings in treatment of IPOB, Boko Haram members
On the allegation of war crimes against some senior officers, the board found nothing incriminating against them.
The post Nigerian Army's own panel clears it of wrongdoings in treatment of IPOB, Boko Haram members appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Bernie Sanders is hosting another town hall tonight, March 19, after the last one in January was such a resounding success with 1.6 million live viewers. Tonight's town hall is called “Inequality in America: The Rise of Oligarchy and Collapse of the Middle Class.” The town hall will feature Bernie Sanders, Sen. Elizabeth Warren, filmmaker Michael Moore, and Darrick Hamilton, an economics and urban policy professor. Sander's town hall will begin at 7 p.m. Eastern and will last until 8:30 p.m. The video above will begin to show the live stream as soon as it starts if you hit play. The panel discussion will take place in the U.S. Capitol in front of a live audience.
How can you watch the live stream? You can simply watch the live stream above at 7 p.m. Eastern. You can also watch the live stream on Bernie Sanders' Facebook Page, Elizabeth Warren's Facebook page, Michael Moore's page, The Guardian, NowThis, Buzzfeed, Act.tv, TeleSUR English, and The Young Turks. Each of the pages should have a livestream that begins on their page automatically. If you follow any of these pages and are logged into Facebook, the livestream video should send a popup notification to you as soon as it goes live. But the easiest way is to just watch the one above.
Guests at the panel will include Catherine Coleman Flowers (founder of Alabama Center for Rural Enterprise Community Development Corp.), Gordon Lafor (labor policy expert), and Cindy Estrada (vice president of the United Auto Workers labor union.) Here's a video about tonight's town hall:
“The goal is twofold: No. 1 is to have a serious discussion on one of the most important issues facing our country, and that is who owns America, who has the power, why the middle class is declining. We're going to talk about extreme poverty in America. Then we're going to be talking about where we go from here. How do we create an economy that works for everybody and not just the 1 percent?,” Sanders told HuffPost about the panel.
If you are wanting to attend the town hall in person, you need to RSVP on Facebook here. Enter the Capitol Visitors' Center Congressional Auditorium using the main CVC entrance at First Street and East Capitol Street Northeast. Seating is first-come, first-served (so although you're being asked to RSVP on Facebook, that RSVP is not reserving a seat for you.) Don't bring any posters, signs, food, drink, or large bags.
Sanders is moving away from corporate media and traditional TV broadcasters and focusing more now on independent sources to get their message across. They told The Nation that the issue with corporate media isn't fake news, like President Donald Trump says, but what corporate media focuses on. “The problem is that, to a very significant degree, corporate media ignores, or pays very little attention, to the most important issues facing working people. That is the problem with corporate media today. If you look at just the issue I described to you – the movement in this country toward oligarchy – you will find very, very little discussion about that. Stormy Daniels will get ten times more print and video coverage than will the movement toward oligarchy in this country. You will see very little discussion about poverty in this country. ‘Poverty' is just not a word that is used on television very often.”
With the last town hall such a huge success, drawing in more than 1 million live viewers, it's likely that Bernie Sanders will continue to host more in the future.
Image copyright DfID Image caption The emergency team of NHS medical staff have treated more than 500 people
An emergency team of British medical staff are returning home after helping to bring an outbreak of diphtheria at Rohingya Muslim refugee camps across Bangladesh under control.
The team of 40 NHS doctors, nurses and paramedics treated 500 people at the Cox's Bazar camps after deployment over Christmas and New Year.
Bangladeshi health professionals have now taken over from them.
The government said the medics "embody everything the UK stands for".
Diphtheria, which is preventable through vaccination, surfaced in the camps in late 2017. The outbreak has so far claimed 37 lives amid 5,000 suspected cases.
Cox's Bazar is home to more than 655,000 Rohingya refugees who have fled violence in bordering Myanmar, also known as Burma.
The UK's emergency medical team, which was stationed at three treatment centres, administered precautionary antibiotics and live-saving diphtheria anti-toxins to people in the camps.
'Countless lives saved'
The six-week deployment, made at the request of the World Health Organization, was the first of its kind since the team was set up in 2016.
The staff joined medical workers from Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) and the International Organization for Migration (IOM).
Image caption Medics and their luggage in the airport as they left for Bangladesh
Diphtheria is now very rare in the UK, but affects the nose and throat and can lead to difficulty breathing, heart failure and paralysis.
The Department for International Development (DfID) said the first round of the vaccination campaign was complete and had ensured more than 350,000 children aged between six weeks and 15 years were protected.
About £2m of the £3.4m cost of the vaccination programme had come from DfID's Bangladesh humanitarian aid budget, it added.
International Development Secretary Penny Mordaunt has praised the "vital work" of the British team.
"I have nothing but admiration and thanks for the UK medics who travelled to Cox's Bazar over the New Year to help victims of diphtheria, who without UK support would have died," they said.
"Our team has now handed their knowledge over to medics in Bangladesh so they can carry on the fight against diphtheria.
"Diseases have no respect for borders and this vital work is ultimately making the world a safer place," they said.
This photo provided by the Oklahoma Department of Corrections shows Jerry Drake Varnell, of Sayre, Okla., who was arrested Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017, in connection with a plot to detonate a vehicle bomb in an alley adjacent to BancFirst in downtown Oklahoma City. Authorities said Varnell is expected to be formally charged Monday, Aug, 14. Oklahoma Department of Corrections via AP)
Jailed rapper Meek Mill is being released from prison on bail following a ruling from Pennsylvania's highest court.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court ordered their release Tuesday after a long battle dating to November when the Philadelphia rapper was sentenced to 2 to 4 years in prison for violating their probation.
“We are thrilled that the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has directed Judge Brinkley to immediately issue an order releasing Meek on bail," lawyer Joe Tacopina said in a statement. "As we have said all along, Meek was unjustly convicted and should not have spent a single day in jail."
Mill, in a post to their Instagram page, thanked a slew of people and God for their support.
"While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letters and rallies have helped me stay positive," the statement read in part.
In the decision, Pennsylvania's highest court cited the credibility of Mill's arresting officer, Reginald Graham, who was since been identified on a list of so-called dirty cops in Philadelphia.
Tuesday's court order answered many of the concerns presented in court by Mill's legal team and by the Philadelphia District Attorney's Office. Last week, assistant DA Liam Riley expressed support for a new trial after learning that Mill's arresting officer and their testimony may be tainted. Earlier, the Philly DA's office also expressed support for releasing the rapper on jail.
But Brinkley denied both bail and a new hearing last week, instead scheduling an evidentiary hearing in June.
"Meek is excited to be reunited with their family, and we, along with Meek, intend to continue to shine the light on a justice system in need of reform to prevent any other citizen from being put through what Meek has endured," Tacopina said.
The state's highest court also noted that Common Pleas Judge Genece Brinkley could recuse themselves from presiding over any further legal proceedings, Tacopina said.
Since Mill's jailing, the State Correctional Institution in Chester has become a pilgrimage site for some of the most powerful people in sports, politics and entertainment.
Civil rights advocate Rev. Al Sharpton, New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft, and Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney have all visited Mill there. Actor and comedian Kevin Hart and Philadelphia 76ers co-owner Michael Rubin were just there hours before the court ruling.
Rap icon Jay-Z wrote an op-ed in the New York Times last November citing Mill's jailing as a symbol of systemic racism in the U.S. criminal justice system. "Instead of a second chance, probation ends up being a land mine, with a random misstep bringing consequences greater than the crime," they wrote.
While Mill's legal team expect them to be released from prison Tuesday, the timing is not known. Brinkley must review the Supreme Court order and sign paperwork to allow bail. Representatives for the prison and courts did not have details as to when that may happen.
As for where Mill will go if released Tuesday night, Ruben, the Sixers owner, posted to Instagram that they were returning to Chester to pick Mill up. Rumors are flying that the rapper could appear at the Wells Fargo Center Tuesday night where the Sixers are set to take on the Miami Heat for game five in the NBA playoffs.
The Supreme Court ruling does not end Mill's legal woes. While they will be free on bail, they will have to face Brinkley within the next two months to discuss whether their case should be revisited. Their attorneys have requested that a different judge hear their legal challenge. The Supreme Court denied immediately making that change, though Brinkley could agree to a switch.
This story is breaking. Please check back for updates.
AE Business Solutions Brings Proven Infrastructure Design and Implementation Expertise to Enterprise Companies Throughout the Midwest
SUNNYVALE, CA and MADISON, WI--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - DriveScale, the pioneer of disaggregated infrastructure for Hadoop, and AE Business Solutions (AE), a leading IT integration and consulting company, today announced a new partnership to deliver flexible Hadoop infrastructure for enterprise clients in the Midwest. The partnership will further empower customers to maximize their Hadoop investments by reducing infrastructure costs and complexity while gaining actionable insight into their data assets.
AE Business Solutions is committed to strategically expanding its portfolio with the right partners to provide customers with powerful scale-out solutions, and has added DriveScale to a select list of chosen IT partners with proven records of accomplishment in driving cost savings and meeting business goals. Through this strategic partnership, AE will include DriveScale's proven disaggregated architecture solutions in its infrastructure portfolio.
"We seek out partnerships with best-of-breed solutions providers that deliver competitive differentiation for our customers, simplify IT architectures and reduce overhead," said Michael Johnson, director of Business Intelligence & Analytics at AE Business Solutions. "We're thrilled to partner with DriveScale and bring their vision of disaggregated Hadoop architecture to our customers."
AE Business Solutions joins DriveScale's growing network of channel partners to enable customers to enhance Hadoop infrastructure scalability, solve efficiency issues and ultimately to simplify scale-out operations. By implementing the DriveScale System, enterprise organizations are able to build a single resource pool for big data and Hadoop that enables 3x-better utilization of hardware resources compared to alternatives and allows administrators to recompose storage and compute resources on the fly.
"We look forward to working closely with AE to deliver exceptional and efficient solutions to more clients," said Howard Doherty, vice president of Sales at DriveScale. "This partnership builds on our vision to allow enterprises to grow their Hadoop environment use cases across all vertical markets while maintaining existing data center hardware and the performance level of data applications."
To learn more about the partnership, please contact AE Business Solutions (Michael.johnson@aebs.com) or DriveScale vice president of Sales Howard Doherty (howard.doherty@drivescale.com)
About AE Business Solutions
AE Business Solutions is a leading IT Integration and Consulting Company serving enterprise organizations throughout the Midwest. Our mission is to provide our clients with the right combination of information technology and people to deliver innovative solutions that create a competitive advantage for their organization. When you invest in technology or consulting with AE Business Solutions, you gain a partnership with a company that is dedicated to your success and committed to the long-term support and service of your technology investment.
About DriveScale
DriveScale is leading the charge in bringing hyperscale computing capabilities to mainstream enterprises. Its composable data center architecture transforms rigid data centers into flexible and responsive scale-out deployments. Using DriveScale, data center administrators can deploy independent pools of commodity compute and storage resources, automatically discover available assets, and combine and recombine these resources as needed. The solution is provided via a set of on-premises and SaaS tools that coordinate between multiple levels of infrastructure. With DriveScale, companies can more easily support Hadoop deployments of any size as well as other modern application workloads. DriveScale is founded by a team with deep roots in IT architecture and that has built enterprise-class systems such as Cisco UCS and Sun UltraSparc. Based in Sunnyvale, California, the company was founded in 2013. Investors include Pelion Venture Partners, Nautilus Venture Partners and Ingrasys, a wholly owned subsidiary of Foxconn. For more information, visit www.drivescale.com or follow us on Twitter at @DriveScale_Inc.
The Deputy High Commissioner of Canada in Nigeria, Mr. James Christoff says the country will partner with Belema Oil Producing Limited to explore business opportunities that abound in Rivers State.
The envoy gave this indication when they led some members of the commission to pay a facility visit to the management of Belema Oil Producing Limited at its corporate office in Port Harcourt, yesterday.
Christoff while addressing the management team of the company at its conference room, congratulated the company for the achievements recorded so far in oil explorations.
They particularly commended the management of the indigenous oil firm for its various policies that have aided the development of the host communities.
The Canadian deputy envoy averred that there were so many business opportunities available in the state, adding that the country will strenthen its bilateral relationship that will enhance their business partnership and also strengthen the relationship.
“We need partnership in order to talk with Canadian business people to come and harness business opportunities which abound in the state”.
They used the opportunity to commend the state government for the peaceful deposition of the State and thanked Belema Oil Producing Limited for making the visit possible.
Earlier in their speech, the Founder and President of Belema Oil Producing Limited, Mr. Jackrich Tein told the visiting Deputy Canadian High Commissioner that the company had made some remarkable footpints in the areas of human and capital developments as well as the provision of social amenities to its host communities.
Mr. Tein said the company which started oil exploration 15 months ago, had provided clean water, employment of 400 youths, adding that the company considers its host communities as major stakeholders in the business.
According to him, the recent Belema Oil Modules launched by the company was to fastrack developments and better the lives of its host communities”.
“It is just a dream; we are just starting, not just to maximize wealth but to live a footprint where we operate”.
“We consider our host communities as major players, we understand their needs. We have provided clean waters, we are also building roads to provide access to those communities”, they stated.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Queen Victoria statue in Birmingham city centre is to undergo conservation cleaning as part of the civic society's 100th anniversary celebrations.
The statue, in Victoria Square, is cared for by Birmingham Museums Trust on behalf of the city council and has stood in the city centre since 1901 when it was unveiled just 12 days before Queen Victoria's death.
Originally created in marble by Thomas Brock, the statue was recast in bronze by William Bloye in 1951.
The artwork now requires conservation work to clean and maintain the statue and its pedestal so it can continue to stand in one of Birmingham's most prominent locations for years to come.
But the work will not remove green patina which has formed on the statue over time.
Conservation specialist Ian Clark Restoration has been appointed to undertake the work which is due to begin by the end of April and be finished during May.
The conservation of the statue has been part-funded by Birmingham Civic Society after it was awarded £55,700 last year by the Heritage Lottery Fund towards its 'The City Beautiful' initiative.
The project will celebrate and commemorate the centenary of the society.
Rob Lewis, collections care manager at Birmingham Museums Trust, said: "Public art links the city's past to its present and the Queen Victoria statue is an important Birmingham artwork that stands proudly in one of the busiest parts of the city.
"We are pleased to oversee the conservation plans as part of the civic society's centenary celebrations so the statue can continue to play an important part in the city's history."
On Friday, August 11th, thousands attended a Mass celebrated by Bishop Joseph Binzer at the Maria Stein Shrine. Look for more on this historic event in the September edition of The Catholic Telegraph.
In September, Bishop Joseph Binzer will be leading a group of 130 to Fatima. You're invited to send along prayer requests on this pilgrimage. For details click here
A woman was found dead underneath a Jeep in northwest Las Vegas Tuesday evening, according to Metro Police.
The incident was reported at 5:48 p.m. Tuesday, "in the desert," south of the Oso Blanca Road and Skye Canyon Park Drive intersection on the southbound side, police said.
Police said "it is most likely the vehicle was left in gear as they exited because it was running and in reverse gear."
Metro Police's fatal crash investigators did not respond because it happened in the desert, police said.
Stay with FOX5 for updates.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Wangbar/ShutterstockIt's a tough world out there for the ladies. Not only is it easier for men to lose weight than women (and here's why!) but life in general costs more for women than men. Don't get too bummed out, though. If you have two X chromosomes, you now have two times the reason to celebrate.
Scientists at Amen Clinics in Newport Beach, California, recently compared over 46,000 studies of brain scans, and their study could reveal some of the amazing perks of having a female brain. Spoiler alert: It's a good thing science just confirmed that kids get their intelligence from their mom.
The research team measured blood flow to the brains of study participants, both with and without pre-existing psychiatric conditions, while they performed cognitive tasks and then again while they rested. As it turns out, there are some notable—and now science-backed—differences between male and female brains.
For one, females exhibited higher brain activity overall when compared to males. Breaking the results down even further, women tended to have more blood flow to the prefrontal cortex, which controls decision-making, focus, and impulse control. Female brains also displayed more activity in the limbic region, an area said to influence emotions and memory. Looks like those stereotypes about women dominating skills like empathy and collaboration might not be so off after all. (By the way, women with bigger butts could live longer, too.)
But don't count the men out just yet. Male craniums tended to exhibit greater activity in the visual regions of the brain, which process things like faces, objects, and colors.
Although research suggests male and female brains are NOT wired differently, sex often determines the likelihood of having certain neurological disorders. Previous studies have shown that men are more likely to be diagnosed with ADHD, while more women tend to develop Alzheimer's and anxiety disorders. Girl power aside, this research could revolutionize the way we treat these life-threatening conditions.
And chances are, ladies everywhere are saying: “I told you so.”
Sources: Science Daily, Redbook
Dale Earnhardt Jr. joined a number of athletes who spoke out against “hatred and bigotry” in Charlottesville following a white nationalist protest in the Virginia city over the weekend.
Earnhardt Jr. was asked by a Twitter follower what they thought about “what happened in Charlottesville? And Trump?”
Hatred, bigotry, & racism should have no place in this great country. Spread love. https://t.co/aJRxVB4cqB — Dale Earnhardt Jr. (@DaleJr) August 14, 2017
Sean Doolittle, LeBron James, Chris Long were among the other athletes who took to Twitter over the weekend to voice their concerns over the rally.
Read more about what happened in Charlottesville at USA TODAY.
Metro Police shared what lead up to Emile Hopson's arrest, after they said they made violent threats while carrying a fake gun inside Boulevard Mall.
The mall was evacuated and shut down for a couple hours, Thursday night, while police searched for Hopson.
People at the mall and who live nearby said they were still thankful for Metro's quick response.
Police said at 7:00 p.m. Thursday, they received multiple calls of a person with a gun inside Boulevard Mall. Then in five minutes, the first officers arrived on scene. Police quickly evacuated everyone inside. Metro Police called it a team effort and thanked the public for their quick action as well.
“You don't have to confirm that the weapon is an actual weapon,” Metro PIO Jay Rivera said. “Simply suspecting is good enough to call 911.”
Moriah Broome said they live close to the mall. They were one of the many thankful the police did not take this lightly.
“They got the guy, so life can continue,” they said. “If not, I wouldn't have come back [to the mall].”
RELATED: Masked suspect armed with fake rifle at Boulevard Mall identified
“When we get initial reports of an individual with a rifle and the term ‘active shooter' is used, any officer will immediately respond to that,” Rivera said. Police said thanks to tips from the public and surveillance video, officers were able to catch the suspect, 25-year-old Hopson, at their apartment nearby.
Police were also able to find evidence, including a mask and the fake gun.
“It appears that mental illness might be an issue in this case,” Rivera said. “It's still early on.”
Metro was still investigating a motive, but said Hopson does have a criminal record. They were arrested twice this year for disorderly conduct.
Mall employees said Hopson has come into the mall and threatened them multiple times.
“That's the guy that I actually got robbed by,” Nick Bronas said. Bronas said they immediately recognized Hopson as the man who robbed them at gunpoint, near the mall last year. They said they were glad to see them finally off the streets and behind bars. "I kind of felt relieved,” they said. “That's karma right there.”
Hopson has been charged with committing an act of terrorism.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Questions, Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn@comcast.net
1:36 'The King,' (Elvis impersonator Will Kettler) is in the house for Valentine's Day weddings Pause
2:35 Saburo Masada visits site of their internment for first time since 1942
0:33 Fresno police arrest two after string of armed robberies
3:08 Public expresses views on proposed Rental Housing Improvement Act in Fresno
3:02 Meet Alexander Mickelthwate, the third conductor candidate for the Fresno Philharmonic
2:06 They watched their husband die in icy Fresno apartment: 'He couldn't fight the cold'
1:39 Most babies should be exposed to peanuts earlier, according to new guidelines
0:52 Visalia couple wins $65,000 Valentine on 'The Price is Right'
1:20 6 things to know about Calexit – the plan for California to secede from the U.S.
This bizarre scene unfolded on a ranch in Saskatchewan on Friday. Adrienne Ivey and their husband Aaron told The Canadian Press they were checking on their cattle last Friday when they saw it.
Last year, Kirk Frost came clean to their wife of 19 years, Rasheeda, and admitted that they had an affair with Jasmine Washington. Rasheeda gave the ring back, leaving fans thinking that the two were headed for divorce.
Since then, the couple has reconciled, with Instagram posts showing that thy're clearly giving it another go. But is Kirk the father of Jasmine's baby, Kannon? Kirk's DNA results are still in question, and on tonight's Season 7 premiere of Love & Hip Hop: Atlanta, they will come clean with the results of thge paternity test.
Update: On Monday's episode, Kirk revealed that they Are the father.
🌹 A post shared by Jasmine Bleu💙 (@jasminebleu) on Mar 7, 2018 at 10:10am PST
In an extended preview for tonight, Kirk tells the cameras, “I don't know if me and Rasheeda can get back to the place where we used to be, but I'm damn sure trying to make it happen.”
According to Celebrity Insider, several sources say that Kirk is the father of Kannon. Last June, Hollywood Life reported that Kirk is Jasmine's baby daddy, but witgh with no proof to back it up.
I guess tonight is the night we finally found out the truth about Kirk and Jasmine. Lord 🤦🏽‍♀️ #LHHATL — nikka d. 🌺✨ (@MzNikkkaa_) March 19, 2018
Jasmine made a number of appearances on the show last year, and accused Kirk of getting them pregnant and then forcing them to stay quiet about it. Tonight, we'll find out if there's any truth to them claims.
Frost is already father to five children, and has two with Rasheeda, Ky and Karter. In a recent interview with Essence, Rasheeda spoke about their marriage. Asked how things were going with Kirk, they said, “At the end of the day whatever the cards the Lord deals you, you've got to learn how to play them and figure it out. That's what it is. At this point, Kirk and I work well together, so we're co-parenting. My main thing, and actually our main thing, is making sure our kids are good and we're taking care of them and they're not missing out on anything. We've been doing a really, really good job.”
Be sure to tune into the season premiere of Love & Hip Hop: Atlanta to find the results of Kirk's paternity test.
The skies are lighting up with meteor showers this month, and if you plan on catching any of Mother Nature's light shows, you'll need to stock up on some outdoor gear.
Fortunately, our sister site ActiveJunky is offering a 15 percent cash-back bonus sale on over 30 popular outdoor, gear and sporting goods stores. Traditionally, many of these stores offer only between 1 percent to 3 percent cash back.
Check out the ActiveJunky Deals and Specials >>>
ActiveJunky scours the web for deals and specials on the products you're most interested in. You can use ActiveJunky to compare prices both online and in-store, so you always know you're getting the lowest price possible. Even better, every time you make a purchase you earn cash back, which you can opt to receive via check or PayPal.
Stores participating in today's cash-back bonus sale include Columbia, Marmot, Mountain Hardwear and Moosejaw, where you'll get cash back on purchases like daypacks, lawn chairs, tents and down sleeping bags.
So whether you're looking for a cozy fleece jacket to keep you warm at night while skywatching or a tent you can set up in your backyard, today is an excellent day to stock up and save money.
Original article on Live Science.
6:50 p.m.
Justin Thomas has won the PGA Championship for their first major title.
The 24-year-old Thomas shot a 3-under 68 in the final round for their fourth win of the year. They entered the week as the world's 14th-ranked player.
Thomas started the day two shots back of third-round leader Kevin Kisner, but began to make a move on the seventh hole.
From there, they birdied four of the next six holes, including a dramatic putt on the par-5 10th hole where their ball lingered on the left edge of the cup for about 12 seconds before falling in. They followed that up by chipping in from the fringe on No. 13 for another birdie en route to winning the Wanamaker Trophy. They essentially sealed the victory with a 15-foot birdie putt on the par-3 17th.
Thomas' father, Mike, is a PGA Tour professional at Harmony Landing in Louisville who got them started in the game at a young age. Mike Thomas is a former member of the PGA Board of Directors.
___
6:30 p.m.
Justin Thomas sank a 15-foot putt on the 17th hole and has taken a 3-shot lead at the PGA Championship after Kevin Kisner followed with a bogey on the 16th hole.
Thomas is 4 under on the day and has a series of big shots, including a putt on No. 10 where their ball remained on the edge of the cup for 12 seconds before falling in and a chip in on No. 13.
 They are looking for their first major championship.
Three players are in the clubhouse at 6 under for the tournament.
___
5:15 p.m.
Tiger Woods has nothing on Justin Thomas.
Thomas' putt on the par-4 10th hole rolled up to the left side of the cup, hanging over the edge. Thomas briefly pointed for the ball to go in, then started walking away. After 12 seconds, the ball dropped in the cup for a birdie that lifted them into a tie for second place at the PGA Championship. They have since moved to the top of the leaderboard at 8 under with a 2-stroke lead.
Thomas walked away smiling, gave knuckles to their caddie and a tip of the hat presumably to the golf gods.
The shot was reminiscent of Woods' chip in the 2005 Masters, which hung on the edge before dramatically falling in.
___
4:55 p.m.
England's Jordan L. Smith made the most of their first major, finishing at 1 under and giving them a chance at a top 10 finish at the PGA Championship.
The 24-year-old Smith, who grew up idolizing Justin Rose, shot a final-round 68 to cap their first professional tournament on American soil. They said their performance far exceeded any expectations they might have had coming into the event.
Smith earned their way into the last major of the year by winning the Porsche European Open earlier this year. They will earn an automatic berth in next year's PGA Championship if they finish in the top 15.
Smith finished three shots ahead of another well-known golfer with the same first name — Jordan Spieth.
____
4 p.m.
For the first time since Thursday afternoon, Kevin Kisner is trailing in the PGA Championship.
Kisner went at the flag with a fade on the par-5 seventh hole and it came just short, and into the water. They took a penalty drop, hit wedge about 18 feet by the hole and two-putted for a bogey. That put them at 6 under.
In the group ahead of him, Hideki Matsuyama two-putted for birdie from long range on No. 7 and moved to 7 under.
Trying to make a move on the back nine is Rickie Fowler, who made their third straight birdie on the 14th hole and was three shots behind.
___
3:45 p.m.
Tiger Woods will remain the youngest player to win golf's career Grand Slam.
Jordan Spieth closed out their run at Woods' record with a 70 in the final round, leaving them 2 over for the tournament and currently tied for 29th place. Spieth had conceded as early as Friday when they fell 11 shots behind leader Kevin Kisner that their chance of winning the PGA Championship was over.
They played well for the most part on Sunday.
They had one blemish — a double bogey on seventh hole — in an otherwise bogey-free round that included three birdies.
When Spieth competes in the PGA Championship next year in St. Louis, they will be older than Woods was when they earned the career Grand Slam at 24 years, 6 months old.
___
3:30 p.m.
They won't win the PGA Championship, but Jon Rahm struck one of the more memorable shots of the week.
Rahm hit a backward chip on the par-4 18th hole and somehow landed it on the green.
They were in a tough spot Sunday when their second shot stopped in the primary rough near a stream, across the red line marking the water hazard.
The right-handed Rahm stood with their back to the green and swung the club backward with only their right arm.
The ball bounced four times before rolling 45 feet from the pin, drawing a loud cheer from the gallery.
They missed that putt, settled for bogey and finished at 3 over for the tournament.
___
2:45 p.m.
Dustin Johnson, the world's top-ranked player, finished strong at the PGA Championship with a 4-under 67 in the final round. They finished the tournament at even par.
Johnson made seven birdies on the day and shot 32 on the front nine. The key for Johnson was making some of the shorter putts that they had been missing all week at Quail Hollow.
Johnson says their back is still a little tight, but he's not in any pain and plans to play in the FedEx Cup playoffs that start in two weeks as well as the President's Cup.
___
2:45 p.m.
Rory McIlroy finished the final round of the PGA Championship with a 3-under 68 and was not sure when they are going to play again.
McIlroy ended another season without a major by revealing they have felt spasms from a muscle in their upper back the last few weeks. They say they have been practicing more than usual the last few weeks to get ready for the PGA Championship.
Now, he's not sure what he's going to do.
McIlroy said they might be in the FedEx Cup playoffs that start in two weeks. Or they might not play until next year. They want time off to make sure it is fully healed. McIlroy says the only tournament that really means anything to them is in April — the Masters, the only major they haven't won.
___
2:15 p.m.
Hit fairway, win salad?
Chris Stroud says they prepared for the final round of the PGA Championship by watching one of their favorite movies, “Bull Durham,” about a baseball team whose stadium had a wooden bull that snorted and a sign that read, “Hit bull, win steak.”
Stroud, the last player to qualify, was in the final pairing Sunday with leader Kevin Kisner and began the round one stroke back.
Stroud said before their round that they watched “Bull Durham” on Sunday morning. A day earlier, they paraphrased a line from the movie when describing how they didn't want to tinker with a hot streak.
The Durham Bulls, the real minor-league team portrayed in the movie, noticed and tweeted one of the cliche-packed lines delivered by Tim Robbins' character, “Nuke” LaLoosh, “I just want to give it my best shot, and the good Lord willing, things will work out.”
No word on whether Stroud also would try to breathe through their eyelids, as LaLoosh was instructed.
___
1:45 p.m.
Jason Day has made up one of the strokes they gave away during their confounding quadruple bogey.
Day began their final round of the PGA Championship on Sunday with a birdie on the par-4 first hole. They holed out a 45-foot escape from a greenside bunker.
The birdie moved them to 1 under for the tournament, six strokes behind leader Kevin Kisner.
The world's former No. 1 player ended their round Saturday with an eight on the par-4 18th after a risky hook shot from behind a tree wound up in a flower bed.
___
1:15 p.m.
It's becoming clear that No. 15 at Quail Hollow is going to be a pivotal swing hole coming down the stretch in the final round of the PGA Championship.
Players are destroying the par 5 so far today.
Of the 23 players who have played the hole, there have been two eagles, 15 birdies, five pars and only one bogey. The scoring average is 4.21.
___
12:40 p.m.
Kevin Kisner sets out to try to claim their first major at the PGA Championship on a Quail Hollow course that appears to be set up for scoring.
Kisner had a one-shot lead over Hideki Matsuyama and Chris Stroud, two players coming off victories last week. Matsuyama shot a 61 in the final round at Firestone for their second World Golf Championship title. Stroud won the Barracuda Championship for their first PGA Tour victory in 290 tries.
In early action Sunday, K.T. Kim has recorded two eagles. Dustin Johnson, whose year most likely will end without a major, was already 4 under through 11 holes. Jordan Spieth, who will have to wait until next year to try to complete the career Grand Slam, opened with six consecutive pars.
Paul Harkenrider
(Dundee, NY) The grueling racing month of June continues for the A-Verdi Storage Containers Patriot Sprint Tour as they visit Outlaw Speedway this Friday, June 16 for the second time this season. The following night, the teams will then venture south to the fastest track on the tour, the Selinsgrove Speedway on Saturday, June 17.
The tour visited Outlaw Speedway back in late April when Bradford, PA driver, Jared Zimbardi clinched the victory over Bobby Breen and Jordan Thomas. Zimbardi has been the driver to beat at Outlaw Speedway over the last few seasons having five wins at the 4/10-mile oval since 2015. They will be joined this Friday against a stout field of competitors that includes; Darryl Ruggles, Jordan Thomas, Jonathan Preston, Joe Trenca, Kyle Drum and Steve Collins.
On Saturday, the Patriots will take on the weekly competitors of the Selinsgrove Speedway for the 14th Annual Joe Whitcomb Memorial, which pays $2,571 to win and $271 to start honoring the memory of the late open wheel competitor who succumbed to injuries that were sustained in a sprint car racing accident back in June of 2003.
Currently, Davie Franek of Wantage, NJ is the Speedway Point leader (2050) over Jason Schultz (1950), Derek Locke (1930), Chad Layton (1735), and Nate Snyder (1690). Franek was also last year's Joe Whitcomb memorial winner.
This weekend's races will not be the last fans will get the chance to see the Patriot Sprint Tour at each respective facility. The tour returns to Outlaw on Friday August 4, during NASCAR weekend at the Glen, and then Friday, September 22 for the second annual Outlaw Fall Nationals. The tour also revisits Selinsgrove on Saturday, September 2 part of a Labor Day Triple Play in Central PA when the series also visits Williams Grove Speedway on September 1 and Path Valley on Sunday, September 3.
Fans are always encouraged to visit www.patriotsprinttour.com along with liking Patriot Sprint Tour on facebook, as well as following @PatriotSprints on Twitter and Instagram.
The Patriot Sprint Tour recognizes the following marketing partners for the 2017 season: A-Verdi Storage Containers, Hoosier Racing Tires, Prestige Pool & Spa, Einstein Construction Group, Bonnell's Auto Group, Evingham Site Excavation, Fine Touch Collison, Mike Emhof Motorsports Inc., Super Gen Products with Champion Power Equipment, Patriot Tank Lines, Danny Willmes Enterprises, Casey's Truck Salvage, Just Signs & Designs, Brodix Cylinder Heads, Sunoco Race Fuels, Insinger Performance, Shuttleworth Asphalt Sealing, ASI Racewear, Curtis Berleue Photography.
PST American Tour Standings: 1) 35– Jared Zimbardi (858) 2) 67- Steve Collins (783) 3) 98- Joe Trenca (745) 4) 47- Kyle Drum (742) 5) 48jr- Darryl Ruggles (718) 6) 79- Jordan Thomas (668) 7) 54j- David Just (667) 8) 2- Steven Hutchinson Jr (656) 9) 81- Derek Jonathan (620) 10) 17z- Josh Azzi (599) 11) 67r- Pete Richardson (585) 12) X- Dan Bennett (515)
China's new central bank governor, Yi Gang, inherits a powerful money machine and a vast policy portfolio. Yet the People's Bank of China is only part of an apparatus that ultimately answers to just one man: President Xi Jinping. Interest rate and financial regulatory calls need approval from Chinese officialdom, a reality that makes the PBOC far different from the more politically independent U.S. Federal Reserve and European Central Bank.
With an implicit mandate to do whatever furthers China's economic agenda at home and abroad, the PBOC is an institution with awesome firepower. Its $5.7 trillion in financial assets give it the biggest balance sheet among major global central banks—a product of years of trade surpluses and capital inflows. “It certainly plays a large external role for China, and more explicitly than any other major central bank,” says Alex Wolf, senior emerging-markets economist at Aberdeen Standard Investments in Hong Kong, who previously worked at the U.S. State Department. They say the PBOC has clear responsibility for areas stretching from domestic economic reform and interest rates to bigger geostrategic ambitions such as increasing usage of China's currency, the yuan, around the world.
Yi Gang, at the first session of the 13th National People's Congress in Beijing on March 9, 2018. Photographer: ImagineChina
Under outgoing governor Zhou Xiaochuan, a key architect of China's modern financial system who held their post for 15 years, the PBOC has emerged as a powerful force in the global debt markets. China owns about $1.2 trillion in U.S. Treasury bonds, making it the biggest foreign holder, ahead of Japan. That's potential leverage in any major trade conflict with President Donald Trump.
The central bank plays a role supporting Xi's signature “One Belt, One Road” infrastructure initiative aimed at deepening China's trade and economic links with much of Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. The PBOC also assists the $2.3 trillion China Development Bank, whose balance sheet far exceeds that of the World Bank's flagship fund. This financial support allows China to project its power abroad at a time when the U.S. is retreating from global engagement. “The PBOC's major policymaking does have a profound, widespread influence on the global economy,” says Alex He, a research fellow at the Centre for International Governance Innovation in Ontario, Canada.
Yi, who has a doctorate in economics from the University of Illinois, is a seasoned financial policymaker, having served as Zhou's No. 2 and China's top currency regulator. He's seen as a reliable pair of hands to continue Xi's drive to reduce systemic risks and clean up the country's debt-burdened financial and corporate sectors without derailing an economy that's heading toward a debt-to-output ratio exceeding 300 percent, according to Bloomberg Economics.
While Yi's succession is like-for-like from a policy perspective, their lower ranking in the Communist Party pecking order means the new central bank chief arrives without some of the political heft Zhou brought to the role. Liu He, Xi's top economic adviser, has been promoted to the post of vice premier, overseeing financial and industrial policy. “Liu They will be their boss, Xi Jinping will be Liu He's boss, and everything will be run from the top,” says Leland Miller, president of economic research company China Beige Book International in New York.
The new governor takes over soon after China's legislature voted to repeal presidential term limits, allowing Xi to keep power indefinitely and consolidating their grip on all aspects of policy, including managing the economy. Yi at least will have a more muscular institution to steer after Xi's government recently announced plans to merge the country's bank and insurance regulatory agencies. Some of their functions, including drafting key regulations and prudential oversight, will move to the PBOC. That ought to make the central bank the most powerful voice in a new Financial Stability and Development Committee created by Xi.
Even if it has to answer to top leadership, the PBOC remains paramount among economic government bodies and has long attracted first-rate economists. It also has the tools to intervene directly in the economy in ways that other central banks don't, such as channeling cash to chosen banks or funding the redevelopment of shanty towns. “Unlike other central banks that are independent from government and have narrow economic mandates, the People's Bank is an agency of the central government with a broad range of responsibilities,” wrote Chen Long, a Beijing-based economist at the financial-services company Gavekal, in a note to clients.
Its decisions matter beyond China's borders, too, given that China's $12 trillion economy was responsible for about a third of global growth last year, according to the International Monetary Fund. If Yi slows the pace of credit growth too quickly, the effects will be felt worldwide. “Like Ben Bernanke when they took Alan Greenspan's hot seat at the Federal Reserve, Yi has some big shoes to fill,” Bloomberg economists led by Tom Orlik wrote in a note. “On Zhou's watch, a credit bubble of epic proportions expanded. Now it's up to Yi to manage it down.”
Yi is expected to carry on with their predecessor's efforts to expand the institution's global footprint. Under Zhou, the PBOC, which controls a $3 trillion foreign reserve stockpile, set up currency swaps arrangements with dozens of central banks. Once considered exclusively a tool of Western central banks, the swaps exist to grease the wheels of trade and to supply emergency cash in the event of a global funding crunch.
Though the yuan isn't likely to dethrone the U.S. dollar anytime soon, it is making advances. In 2015 the Chinese currency was selected to join the dollar, euro, yen, and British pound in the IMF's elite club of international reserve currencies. However, China's ambitions for the yuan have taken a back seat since a botched move toward greater currency flexibility spurred an outpouring of capital. In August 2015, as the government intervened aggressively to halt a rout on the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock exchanges, the central bank abruptly changed how the yuan traded day-to-day against the dollar, sending tremors through world markets. The disruption was cited by the Fed as one reason it delayed a widely anticipated interest rate increase the following month.
It may take Yi time to establish the same kind of influence within China's power structure that Zhou, a protégé of former reformist Premier Zhu Rongji, accumulated over the years. Abroad, they start with an advantage: As a fluent English-speaker well-known in central bank circles, Yi will play an important role representing Chinese policy to foreign governments. “The PBOC for a decade has been the backbone of China's financial regulatory system,” says Andrew Collier, an independent analyst in Hong Kong and former president of Bank of China International USA. “It has also played a role as the honest broker between China and the rest of the world's economies.”
While the PBOC does take orders from the party hierarchy, that's not to say it hasn't been an advocate for key financial reforms. Zhou championed ending the yuan's peg to the dollar in 2005, started liberalizing interest rates, and called for China to move toward a freer-floating exchange rate. And Yi wants to cast themselves in that mold. “The main task is that we should implement prudent monetary policy, push forward the reform and opening-up of the financial sector, and maintain the stability of the entire financial sector,” they told reporters gathered at Beijing's Great Hall of the People following their appointment on March 19.
One reform that's not on the table: central bank independence. “The increasing complexity of the Chinese economy and financial system gives the Chinese central bank unique influence on the thinking of the top leadership,” says Pauline Loong, managing director at researcher Asia-Analytica in Hong Kong. “After all, it is the institution with real-time information on what's happening in the economy and its financial institutions. But ultimately, it serves the Party's goals.”
—With assistance from James Mayger and Yinan Zhao
By Zach Cavanagh
SAN CLEMENTE – The Tritons' hold on the South Coast League ended with a resounding thud on Friday night.
Aliso Niguel scored the game's first 21 points, and San Clemente couldn't muster much resistance after that in a 66-23 win by the Wolverines at San Clemente High.
Aliso Niguel (21-6, 5-1) clinched at least a share of the league title for the first time since its 2012 Sea View League title. San Clemente (16-9, 3-4) was eliminated from the league title race to snap their three-year streak.
“That's the worst start I've ever been a part of,” San Clemente coach Marc Popovich said. “They outworked us in every area. They just kicked our butt all over the court.”
San Clemente is currently in third place and the final playoff qualification spot – one game behind second-place Trabuco Hills, a half-game ahead of Tesoro and one game ahead of El Toro.
The Tritons have two games remaining – a Coast View crossover game at Mission Viejo on Feb. 6 and its final league game at El Toro on Feb. 8. Trabuco Hills closes out at home against Aliso Niguel and in a crossover against Capistrano Valley.
“We're still right there,” Popovich said. “If we get a win next week (against El Toro), we're going to finish no worse than third. We're going to be right there for the playoffs. Hopefully our guys can get it together and rally. Week or two left here, we've got to find a way.”
Aliso Niguel came out on fire, and San Clemente was as cold as ice.
Jayden Okubo hit two of their game-high four 3-pointers in the opening 21-0 run. Lucas Parks also hit one of the Wolverines eight 3-pointers, and Harminder Dhaliwal scored eight of their game-high 22 points in the first quarter.
Anthony Smetona made the Tritons first basket of the game with just over a minute left in the first quarter. Smetona led San Clemente with six points.
“We weren't ready to go for whatever reason tonight,” Popovich said. “I don't know why it was. It's on us as coaches and our guys. We've got to make sure we're better next week.”
Dhaliwal and the Wolverines were also dominant inside and on the boards. Earlier in the week, Popovich pointed out that San Clemente had lost the rebounding battle in each of its league losses, and the trend continued on Friday.
Jacob Nemeth played their first game coming off an ankle injury last week, but only scored two points from the same pair of free throws in the second quarter.
Luke Powell scored five points for San Clemente. Chris Kane and Max Marshall each scored four.
A running clock was instituted in the fourth quarter, and Aliso Niguel hit three-pointers on each of its last three baskets of the game.
The final margin of victory, 43 points, was more than the combined margins of victory of San Clemente's eight losses this season, 38 points.
For in-game updates, news and more for all San Clemente High School sports programs, follow us on Twitter @SouthOCSports.
Alex Douglass was a CrossFit and running enthusiast who ran a 50-mile ultra-marathon when they aren't working their day job as a state police trooper.
All of that was ended by a sniper's bullet.
Douglass survived the ambush that took their comrade's life on Sept. 12, 2014, but the devastating wounds caused by that single rifle shot still haven't healed.
On Monday, Douglass got a chance to confront their alleged assailant, describing years of pain and rehabilitation for a jury weighing capital murder charges against the man they called a coward. Douglass testified against Eric Frein (freen), the anti-government survivalist who prosecutors say targeted the Blooming Grove barracks in hopes of sparking a revolution. Frein was caught after a 48-day manhunt.
Prosecutors plan to rest their case on Tuesday.
Optimizing Cloud Costs Is Now the Top Initiative Across All Cloud Users
SANTA BARBARA, CA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - RightScale® Inc., a demonstrated leader in enterprise universal cloud management, today announced the results of the RightScale 2017 State of the Cloud Survey. In its sixth year, the RightScale State of the Cloud Survey is the largest survey of corporate cloud users, including 1,002 technology professionals at large and small enterprises across a broad cross-section of industries.
The survey results are available in the RightScale 2017 State of the Cloud Report, which can be downloaded at http://www.rightscale.com/2017-cloud-report.
"The RightScale 2017 survey showed that enterprise multi-cloud and hybrid cloud adoption continues to grow, and even with that growth, challenges are decreasing," said Michael Crandell, CEO of RightScale. "Companies report using 8 different clouds on average; optimizing cloud costs is the top cloud initiative; cloud challenges, including security concerns, continue to abate; and Docker continues its phenomenal growth. We also saw AWS adoption remain flat, while #2 Azure continued to gain ground on leader AWS."
Highlights of the RightScale 2017 State of the Cloud Report include:
Hybrid Cloud Is the Preferred Enterprise Strategy, but Private Cloud Adoption Fell: 85 percent of enterprises have a multi-cloud strategy, up from 82 percent in 2016. However, private cloud adoption fell from 77 percent to 72 percent as focus shifts to public cloud.
85 percent of enterprises have a multi-cloud strategy, up from 82 percent in 2016. However, private cloud adoption fell from 77 percent to 72 percent as focus shifts to public cloud. Cloud Users Leverage Many Clouds: Public cloud users are already running applications in an average of 1.8 public clouds while experimenting with 1.8 more. Private cloud users are leveraging 2.3 private clouds today and experimenting with an additional 2.1 private clouds.
Public cloud users are already running applications in an average of 1.8 public clouds while experimenting with 1.8 more. Private cloud users are leveraging 2.3 private clouds today and experimenting with an additional 2.1 private clouds. Companies Run a Majority of Workloads in Cloud: Respondents run 41 percent of workloads in public cloud and 38 percent in private cloud. Among enterprises, respondents run 32 percent of workloads in public cloud and 43 percent in private cloud.
Respondents run 41 percent of workloads in public cloud and 38 percent in private cloud. Among enterprises, respondents run 32 percent of workloads in public cloud and 43 percent in private cloud. Significant Wasted Cloud Spend Drives Users to Focus On Costs : Optimizing cloud costs is the top initiative across all cloud users (53 percent) and especially among mature cloud users (64 percent). Respondents estimate 30 percent of cloud spend is wasted, while RightScale has measured actual waste between 30 and 45 percent. Despite an increased focus on cloud cost management, only a minority of companies are taking critical actions to optimize cloud costs, such as shutting down unused workloads or selecting lower-cost clouds or regions.
: Optimizing cloud costs is the top initiative across all cloud users (53 percent) and especially among mature cloud users (64 percent). Respondents estimate 30 percent of cloud spend is wasted, while RightScale has measured actual waste between 30 and 45 percent. Despite an increased focus on cloud cost management, only a minority of companies are taking critical actions to optimize cloud costs, such as shutting down unused workloads or selecting lower-cost clouds or regions. Enterprise Central IT Teams Take a Stronger Cloud Role: Enterprise central IT has a broader view of its cloud role in 2017 that includes selecting public clouds (65 percent), deciding/advising on which apps move to cloud (63 percent), and selecting private clouds (63 percent). In comparison, respondents in business units are less likely to delegate authority to central IT for selecting public clouds (41 percent), deciding/advising on which apps move to cloud (45 percent), and selecting private clouds (38 percent).
Enterprise central IT has a broader view of its cloud role in 2017 that includes selecting public clouds (65 percent), deciding/advising on which apps move to cloud (63 percent), and selecting private clouds (63 percent). In comparison, respondents in business units are less likely to delegate authority to central IT for selecting public clouds (41 percent), deciding/advising on which apps move to cloud (45 percent), and selecting private clouds (38 percent). Cloud Challenges Decline Overall -- Expertise, Security, and Spend Tie For #1: Lack of resources/expertise, the #1 cloud challenge in 2016, was less of a challenge in 2017 with only 25 percent citing it as a major concern, down from 32 percent in 2016. Concerns about security also fell to 25 percent vs. 29 percent last year. Managing cloud spend fell only slightly from 26 to 25 percent to tie for the biggest challenge. The most cited challenge among mature cloud users is managing costs (24 percent) while among cloud beginners it is security (32 percent).
Lack of resources/expertise, the #1 cloud challenge in 2016, was less of a challenge in 2017 with only 25 percent citing it as a major concern, down from 32 percent in 2016. Concerns about security also fell to 25 percent vs. 29 percent last year. Managing cloud spend fell only slightly from 26 to 25 percent to tie for the biggest challenge. The most cited challenge among mature cloud users is managing costs (24 percent) while among cloud beginners it is security (32 percent). Docker Shoots Into the Lead for DevOps Tools: Overall DevOps adoption continued to rise from 74 to 78 percent with enterprises reaching 84 percent. 30 percent of enterprises are adopting DevOps company-wide, up from 21 percent in 2016. Overall Docker adoption surged to 35 percent, taking the lead over Chef and Puppet at 28 percent each. Kubernetes adoption also grew to 14 percent from 7 percent in 2016. Many respondents use Docker through container-as-a-service offerings from cloud providers including AWS ECS (35 percent), Azure Container Service (11 percent), and Google Container Engine (8 percent).
Overall DevOps adoption continued to rise from 74 to 78 percent with enterprises reaching 84 percent. 30 percent of enterprises are adopting DevOps company-wide, up from 21 percent in 2016. Overall Docker adoption surged to 35 percent, taking the lead over Chef and Puppet at 28 percent each. Kubernetes adoption also grew to 14 percent from 7 percent in 2016. Many respondents use Docker through container-as-a-service offerings from cloud providers including AWS ECS (35 percent), Azure Container Service (11 percent), and Google Container Engine (8 percent). Azure Increases Market Penetration, Reducing the AWS Lead : Overall Azure adoption grew from 20 to 34 percent of respondents, while AWS stayed flat at 57 percent of respondents. Google also grew from 10 to 15 percent to maintain third position. Azure also reduced the AWS lead among enterprises; Azure increased adoption significantly from 26 percent to 43 percent while AWS adoption in this group increased slightly from 56 percent to 59 percent.
: Overall Azure adoption grew from 20 to 34 percent of respondents, while AWS stayed flat at 57 percent of respondents. Google also grew from 10 to 15 percent to maintain third position. Azure also reduced the AWS lead among enterprises; Azure increased adoption significantly from 26 percent to 43 percent while AWS adoption in this group increased slightly from 56 percent to 59 percent. Public Cloud Users Still Have a Larger Footprint in AWS : AWS holds a significant lead in the number of VMs its users are running: 28 percent of respondents have more than 100 VMs in AWS, while only 13 percent have more than 100 VMs in Azure. Among enterprises, 38 percent have 100+ VMs in AWS, and 21 percent have 100+ in Azure.
: AWS holds a significant lead in the number of VMs its users are running: 28 percent of respondents have more than 100 VMs in AWS, while only 13 percent have more than 100 VMs in Azure. Among enterprises, 38 percent have 100+ VMs in AWS, and 21 percent have 100+ in Azure. Private Cloud Adoption Flattens: VMware vSphere continues to lead with 42 percent adoption, slightly below last year (44 percent). OpenStack (20 percent), and VMware vCloud Suite (19 percent) were also flat in growth. Azure Pack/Stack was the only private cloud technology to show significant growth, up from 9 percent to 14 percent.
Survey Methodology
RightScale conducted its annual State of the Cloud Survey in January 2017. The survey questioned technical professionals across a broad cross-section of organizations about their adoption of cloud computing. The 1,002 respondents range from technical executives to managers and practitioners and represent organizations of varying sizes across many industries. Their answers provide a comprehensive perspective on the state of the cloud today. The margin of error is 3.07 percent.
About RightScale
RightScale Universal Cloud Management enables leading enterprises to accelerate delivery of cloud-based applications that engage customers and drive top-line revenue while optimizing cloud usage to reduce risk and costs. With RightScale, IT organizations can deliver instant access to a portfolio of public, private, and hybrid cloud services across business units and development teams while maintaining enterprise control. RightScale Consulting Services help companies develop cloud strategies, deliver cloud projects, and optimize cloud usage. RightScale was named the top solution in Modern Infrastructure's 2017 Private/Hybrid Cloud Management category, a "100 Best Places to Work in 2015" by Outside Magazine and was listed in "The Best Enterprise Cloud Computing Startups to Work For in 2015" by Forbes. Since 2007, leading enterprises including Audi and Yellow Pages Group have launched millions of servers through RightScale.
NBC 7's Audra Stafford reports on the fires set on Muir and Santa Cruz avenues before sunrise.
Firefighters knocked down a fence on fire along Santa Cruz Avenue in Ocean Beach Monday when they got the call to rush to a second fire less than a mile away.
The second fire started just before 2:30 a.m. in an alley just off Muir Avenue and Guizot Street. A shed and a tree burned in the fire.
Embers flew across the alley and melted the door frame of a nearby home.
Firefighters used a chainsaw to cut through the side of the shed and get to the fire to extinguish it.
Neighbor Ed Bebrin said seeing a fire so close to their home was pretty scary.
Investigators believe the two fires were connected.
No other information was available.
Please refresh this page for updates on this story. Details may change as more information becomes available.
Expedites "Cloud Shift" for Fast-Moving Businesses; Accelerates Integration for Workday, NetSuite, Amazon Redshift, Confluent and Teradata
SAN MATEO, CA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - SnapLogic, the leader in self-service integration, today introduced the Winter 2017 release of the SnapLogic Enterprise Integration Cloud. The release includes several new and updated Snaps that make it faster and easier to integrate Workday, NetSuite and Amazon Redshift with other applications and data sources across the enterprise. All three systems are increasingly popular as businesses embrace the cloud to run their business, a "cloud shift" that Gartner estimates will drive more than $1 trillion in technology spending by 2020.
SnapLogic also introduced new Snaps for publishing and consuming real-time data streams based on Confluent's distribution of Apache Kafka™. For many modern businesses, data streaming is a requirement for continuous sales updates, product shipments, customer experiences, system crashes, and so on. Production deployments of Kafka accelerated in 2016, and it is now used by one-third of the Fortune 500, including seven of 10 top global banks, eight of 10 top insurance companies, nine of 10 top U.S. telecom companies and six of 10 top travel companies.
"SnapLogic has become the integration platform of choice for fast-moving enterprises, so they can accelerate their automation, analytics and digital transformation initiatives," said Vaikom Krishnan, senior vice president of engineering at SnapLogic. "Our Winter 2017 release doubles down on our most popular use cases, as customers drive agility through SaaS-based financial, HR, sales and marketing automation. Cloud data warehousing is another driver as customers use Redshift, Kafka, MongoDB and other platforms to modernize their analytics and intelligence delivery."
The SnapLogic Enterprise Integration Cloud accelerates data and process flow across cloud and on-premise applications, data warehouses, big data streams and IoT deployments. Unlike traditional integration software that requires painstaking, hand-crafted coding by teams of developers, SnapLogic makes it fast and easy to create scalable data pipelines that get the right data to the right people at the right time. Codeless integration eliminates "technical debt" while enabling analysts, data scientists and business users to create integrations in hours using visual drag-and-drop software. Under the hood, SnapLogic's powerful data streaming architecture delivers real-time processing with high throughput for faster data movement across the enterprise.
New or enhanced capabilities in the Winter 2017 release include:
Workday integration : An enhanced Workday Read Snap simplifies Workday output formatting for consumption by downstream systems.
An enhanced Workday Read Snap simplifies Workday output formatting for consumption by downstream systems. NetSuite integration : Several new Snaps enable asynchronous data processing for NetSuite, including Async Upsert, Async Search, Async Delete List, Async GetList, Check Async Status and GetAsync Result Operations Support.
Several new Snaps enable asynchronous data processing for NetSuite, including Async Upsert, Async Search, Async Delete List, Async GetList, Check Async Status and GetAsync Result Operations Support. Amazon Redshift integration : A new Snap allows users to execute multiple Redshift commands in one Snap, making Redshift data pipelines even easier to create and manage.
A new Snap allows users to execute multiple Redshift commands in one Snap, making Redshift data pipelines even easier to create and manage. Confluent integration : A new Snap Pack for Confluent allows users to easily publish and consume real-time data streams based on Confluent's Apache Kafka distribution.
: A new Snap Pack for Confluent allows users to easily publish and consume real-time data streams based on Confluent's Apache Kafka distribution. Teradata integration : New Snaps expand support for Teradata TPT to include load and update operations, as well as exporting data to Hadoop clusters (without any additional installation).
: New Snaps expand support for Teradata TPT to include load and update operations, as well as exporting data to Hadoop clusters (without any additional installation). MongoDB integration: New Snaps allow users to easily delete and update data in MongoDB. Additionally, the MongoDB Snap Pack has been extended to support SSL encryption.
New Snaps allow users to easily delete and update data in MongoDB. Additionally, the MongoDB Snap Pack has been extended to support SSL encryption. Amazon DynamoDB integration : New Snaps allow users to easily delete tables and table items in DynamoDB.
New Snaps allow users to easily delete tables and table items in DynamoDB. Asset Search : This new feature makes it easy for customers to quickly search across thousands of data pipelines, accounts and files using text-based indexing. Asset searches can be completed across an entire organization or limited to a project space. Customers can filter search outputs and limit the search to certain types such as pipelines, accounts and files.
: This new feature makes it easy for customers to quickly search across thousands of data pipelines, accounts and files using text-based indexing. Asset searches can be completed across an entire organization or limited to a project space. Customers can filter search outputs and limit the search to certain types such as pipelines, accounts and files. On-Demand Pipeline Validation : The new release introduces a validation icon, giving users the ability to perform on-demand validation in addition to the existing auto validation feature.
: The new release introduces a validation icon, giving users the ability to perform on-demand validation in addition to the existing auto validation feature. Security improvements: The new release supports enhanced passwords, requiring at least one special character and one uppercase character for a valid password. Customers can also now configure session timeout and idle timeout parameters.
The new release supports enhanced passwords, requiring at least one special character and one uppercase character for a valid password. Customers can also now configure session timeout and idle timeout parameters. Performance enhancements: The new release improves streaming performance while writing to an Amazon S3 bucket.
Availability
All customers have been updated to the Winter 2017 release of the SnapLogic Enterprise Integration Cloud. For more information, visit www.snaplogic.com/winter2017.
About SnapLogic
SnapLogic is the global leader in self-service integration. The company's Enterprise Integration Cloud makes it fast and easy to connect applications, data and things. Hundreds of customers across the Global 2000 - including Adobe, AstraZeneca, Box, Capital One, GameStop, Verizon and Wendy's -- rely on SnapLogic to automate business processes, accelerate analytics and drive digital transformation. SnapLogic was founded by data industry veteran Gaurav Dhillon and is backed by blue-chip investors including Andreessen Horowitz, Capital One, Ignition Partners, Microsoft, Triangle Peak Partners and Vitruvian Partners. Learn more at www.snaplogic.com.
Connect with SnapLogic via our blog, Twitter, Facebook or LinkedIn.
VADNAIS HEIGHTS, Minn. (WCCO) — An investigation of a “suspicious” RV turned into a fatal officer-involved shooting Sunday night.
Four Ramsey County deputies are now on administrative leave. It happened at about 9:30 p.m. Sunday in Vadnais Heights, when deputies were on routine patrol near Highway 61 and Interstate 694.
The Bureau of Criminal Apprehension says one of the deputies shot a man inside the RV. We talked with a friend of the man who died.
People who work along the 3200 block of Fanum Road say it was a bit odd to see an older model RV parked on the street near several businesses. They first noticed in a few days ago.
Sunday night, that RV became the scene of a fatal shooting.
In a statement, the Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension says Ramsey County deputies patrolling the area approached the vehicle and at one point, a deputy inside the RV fired a weapon, striking a man.
That man was taken by ambulance to Regions Hospital, where they later died.
Investigators offered no details about what led up to the shooting.
One of their friends told us they were in the process of buying the RV from a friend who had loaned it to him. They say a couple days ago, they called to say the RV had broken down and they were trying to fix it.
They described the man who died as non-violent, but shared they did have a history of drug addiction.
The BCA says deputies also found a woman inside a car near the RV. They were interviewed and released.
They say the deputies were not wearing body cameras, but investigators are reviewing squad car video captured at the scene.
The Ramsey County Medical Examiner is conducting an autopsy and will release the man's name once relatives have been notified.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn is "very confident" that The Labour Party can keep gaining support in Reading.
Mr Corbyn was adamant that their party will win over more voters in the Reading, when they paid a surprise visit to the town on Monday, August 14.
A surge in support for the party helped MP Matt Rodda win the Reading East Parliamentary seat off Conservative Rob Wilson in June's General Election.
And after meeting with the Labour leader in Reading, Mr Rodda revealed that the party now has its sights set on Reading West .
They said the seat, which has been held by MP Alok Sharma since 2010, is now one of Labour's "top targets" and the Labour leader was keen to "learn a bit more about that constituency".
It was the first time Mr Corbyn had visited Reading since they held a rally at Rivermead Leisure Centre in May.
(Image: Get Reading)
The Labour leader told getreading : "We're very confident that we can keep gaining support in Reading and all across the south.
"I do a lot of travelling around the country, I was in the South West last week, here in Reading today and I'm in Milton Keynes later today.
"We're campaigning all over because people need that chance of good quality further and higher education and local authorities need the power to deal with the housing crisis."
They added: "There were two people who weren't surprised [about Mr Rodda's victory] that was Matt and me.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
“I could see that they were going to win when we came here in my campaign , because they have that communication with the local people, they have that experience in the area and also there was that utter determination amongst Labour voters to not be told what to do by some of our national media.
“They voted Labour and we are going to win again.”
During their visit, Mr Corbyn met members of the charity Launchpad to discuss the town's homelessness and then visited a woman at their home in West Reading.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Don't forget you can also keep up to date with the latest via the free getreading app. You can download it for Apple devices here and Android devices here
The Vegas Golden Knights took a 3-2 series lead, beating the Sharks 5-3 at home. (Photo: Vegas Golden Knights)
By W.G. RAMIREZ
Associated Press
LAS VEGAS (AP) - Alex Tuch scored twice to lead Vegas to a 5-3 victory over the San Jose Sharks on Friday night, giving the Golden Knights a 3-2 series lead in their Western Conference semifinal.
James Neal, Erik Haula and Jonathan Marchessault also scored for Vegas. Veteran goalie Marc-Andre Fleury stopped 27 shots, making save after highlight save until things got interesting late in the third period.
With San Jose trailing 4-0, Kevin Labanc, Tomas Hertl and Boedker scored in a 6:09 span to pull the Sharks within one with 4:16 remaining. However, Marchessault's empty-netter with 21 seconds left sealed it for Vegas.
Martin Jones allowed four goals on 31 shots before being pulled in the third. Aaron Dell came on and stopped all six shots they faced.
From a spectacular glove save on Mikkel Boedker's point blank shot in the first period, to a pair of back-to-back saves before and after being knocked into the goal midway through the second period, or an incredible pad save on Tomas Hertl early in the third, Fleury was dialed in from the start.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The year 2017 promises to provide a rich vein for humorists. Kicking off the new year in the South Bay will be comedian and longtime TV talk show host Arsenio Hall, who will bring their topical observations to the San Jose Improv for four shows this weekend: 7:30 and 9:45 p.m. Jan. 6 and 7 and 9:15 p.m. Jan. 7. Tickets, $25, are at www.sanjose.improv.com or 408-280-7475.
Cars may be coming to a Costco near you. NBC 7's Consumer Bob has the details. (Published 6 hours ago)
Costco, the store best known for selling oversized quantities from toilet paper to mayonnaise has forged its own unique path in the car business with special deals and steadily rising sales.
In fact, ever since the days of Price Club, the big box store has been promising deals on new cars.
"It's a very straightforward," said Rick Borg, describing a simple, haggle-free process.
Borg is the Executive Vice President of the Costco Auto Program. For 28 years the program has connected car shoppers with local dealerships.
"The dealership sets the price that we discuss, making sure we have a great value for Costco members they couldn't get normally without going through our program," said Borg.
The program has seen steady growth over the last five years. The company said it sold approximately 300,000 vehicles in 2012. Last year, in 2016, its sales were up to 490,000 vehicles.
That adds up to about 1,000 vehicles sold at every Costco store every year, said Borg. The most popular vehicles are compact and mid-sized SUV's and pick-up trucks. Besides cars, the program also includes scooters, ATV's, Jet Skis and even snowmobiles.
But the program does have its limits.
"We don't have any Ferrari or Lamborghini dealerships," said Borg. "But we've got everything from the Big Three in Detroit, all the way to Lexis, BMW and Mercedes and Audi."
The Costco Auto Program does not sell directly at the store but through a website or phone number. Brochures are often displayed alongside a car parked in front of the store.
Former President, Goodluck Jonathan has spoken of their party, PDP's preparedness for the 2019 presidential elections. They said Buhari and their APC party cannot beat PDP. The media aides of president Buhari went to visit them in London. General Overseer o...
Photo: Larry McCormack / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Van Morrison has announced a new concert DVD/Blu-Ray.
Related: Van Morrison Shares ‘Bring It On Home to Me' Video
The upcoming release captures Morrison's intimate 2016 show at the BBC Radio Theatre, as part of the critically acclaimed BBC Radio 2 In Concert series. Among the songs featured in the performance include “Brown Eyed Girl,” “Wild Night,” “Cleaning Windows” and the new track, “Keep Me Singing.”
Bonus features include the “Up On Cyprus Avenue” concert, a milestone show recorded on “Van the Man's” 70th birthday.
Van Morrison – In Concert is set for release on Feb. 16. Pre-order is available here. Watch the concert trailer below.
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
Financial journalist Martin Lewis says policy-makers need to recognise a link between debt and poor mental health.
No Welsh health board took a strategic approach to debt and mental health even though there was a clear relationship, they told a Senedd meeting.
Mr Lewis said: "Mental health and debt is a marriage made in hell".
They argued that when people are more vulnerable they are more likely to make poor financial decisions.
This in turn can lead to more debt.
Mr Lewis said it was a "totally symbiotic relationship" and people with mental health issues were four times more likely to have debt problems.
They said money could be an embarrassing issue and if people cannot, for instance, afford to join colleagues for a coffee that can be isolating and damaging.
Mr Lewis said: "Money is a well-being issue, an enabler and a huge stress when it's going wrong."
The broadcaster and founder of the Money Saving Expert website was at an event arranged as part of mental health awareness week in Wales.
It also heard that one in four workers are losing sleep because of worries about money.
Simon Jones of Mind Cymru said half of all adults in Wales have less than £100 in savings to cope with something going wrong like the car or a washing machine breaking down.
That can then lead them to borrow from more expensive loan companies.
They said debt is a particular issue for men in terms of their feelings of self-worth and their ability to provide for others.
By Music News Group
Broken BowIf you pre-order Dustin Lynch‘s new album, Current Mood, you'll instantly be able to download their hits “Small Town Boy” and “Seein' Red,” plus another new song with quite a colorful story.
The Tullahoma, Tennessee native can trace “Love Me or Leave Me Alone” back to last year's Kill the Lights Tour with Luke Bryan and Little Big Town. Last week at the party introducing the new record in their hometown, they told the story of the first time they played it for their tour mates.
“We would get on Luke's bus,” Dustin recalled. “He was working on their new album — which I heard yesterday on their bus in New Hampshire and it's rockin'! — and Little Big Town was working on their new album. We'd get on Luke's bus every couple weeks and be like, ‘Let's play some demos!'”
They continue: “I played… this demo, and Karen Fairchild heard it and said, ‘Man, play that for me one more time.' So I played it again and then they wanted it again, and I'm like, ‘This really cool. They actually dig the song…'”
That's when the typically elegant, rather composed Fairchild really shocked him.
“Karen looked up and they go, ‘I'm gonna cut off your balls if you don't let me sing this with you on your album,'” Dustin said, as the crowd erupted in laughter.
They went on to recreate their reaction: “I would never even think to ask you to sing on my album… I've been idolizing you, Karen, since I was in high school. Like, I can't believe that's an offer, but yes ma'am!”
Sure enough, that's Karen's voice you'll hear with Dustin on the track. You can check out “Love Me or Leave Me Alone” on YouTube, ahead of Current Mood‘s September 8 release.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Music News
RIFT.io and Partner Solutions Highlight Ways to Accelerate Service Provider Transformation to Cloud-Native Network Services
BURLINGTON, MA--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - RIFT.io, the leading integrator of open source technologies for carrier-grade network virtualization solutions, today announced its planned activities at Mobile World Congress, the world's largest gathering for the mobile industry.
Event: Mobile World Congress 2017 Dates: Feb. 27 to March 2 Venue: Fira Gran Via, Barcelona RIFT.io Stand: 6J-8
Among the various planned activities, RIFT.io will feature real-world use case demonstrations that show how mobile operators can accelerate their transformation to virtualized network services through network functions virtualization (NFV).
RIFT.io has been on the forefront of helping mobile operators and other service providers achieve this transformation in two significant ways. First, RIFT.io is a founding member and a major contributor of seed code to the ETSI Open Source MANO (OSM) project that was introduced at Mobile World Congress in 2016. RIFT.io is also the first company to ship a commercial distribution of OSM (Release ONE code). Second, RIFT.io continues to innovate on the RIFT.ware platform, which is the industry's only solution for orchestrating and automating multi-vendor network services that is backed by a robust open source community.
To showcase progress in these areas, RIFT.io will feature seven solution demonstrations of the RIFT.ware and OSM platforms in concert with partner solutions and technologies. The descriptions of the planned demos are as follows:
Demo/PoC Summary Location DevOps in Service Chains and 5G Network Slicing featuring ETSI Open Source MANO A proof-of-concept demo showcasing OSM-enabled management, orchestration, and testing of network services setup, validation, and operation in a DevOps environment, both at design and run time. This demonstration features Intel, Netrounds, RIFT.io, Telenor, and Arctos Labs.
RIFT.io Stand 6J8 Orchestrated NFV Performance Assurance Showcase network performance assurance and service assurance given a hybrid physical and virtual network infrastructure. This demo will showcase end-to-end as well as segmented performance monitoring, and validate how physical-virtual hybrid services can be assured in the same manner as existing services utilizing only traditional physical network resources. This demo features Accedian, LB Networks, and RIFT.io.
RIFT.io Stand 6J8
Accedian 6D60 ETSI PoC: MEC Platform to Enable Low-Latency Industrial IoT Orchestration of industrial Internet of Things (IoT) low-latency services with multi-access edge computing (MEC) featuring Vasona Networks, Xaptum, and Oberthur.
RIFT.io Stand 6J8
Vasona Networks Stand 6L41 Elastic VNF Management and Orchestration (MANO) of Network Policy Control Orchestration of a network service with Sandvine Traffic Steering Engine and Policy Traffic Switch.
Sandvine Stand 5I51 Multi-vendor VNFs Auto-Scaling Orchestration of services deployment of an auto-scaling IMS solution featuring integration with Clerawater IMS on Wind River Titanium Server virtualization platform.
RIFT.io Stand 6J8 Virtualized Branch Services in the Cloud and on Premise Orchestration of Brocade Vyatta NOS to enable service providers to deliver a seamless vCPE deployment experience, either in the cloud or at the customer premise.
RIFT.io Stand 6J8 Service Assurance and vCPE Service Instantiation Instantiation of vCPE on OpenStack using RIFT.io NFVO and CENX end-to-end monitoring and Service Assurance with analytics for physical and virtual infrastructure.
CENX Stand 2F50
For a meeting with RIFT.io staff or for more in-depth discussions on these solutions, visit https://www.riftio.com/meet-rift-io-at-mobile-world-congress/. For media and industry analyst requests, please contact John Noh (john.noh@riftio.com, +1-408-242-3852)
ADDITIONAL RESOURCES
RIFT.io blog http://www.riftio.com/category/blog/
http://www.riftio.com/category/blog/ Online : Track the latest news and product information on our Web site www.riftio.com and our Intel Network Builders page, https://networkbuilders.intel.com/ecosystem/rift.io
: Track the latest news and product information on our Web site www.riftio.com and our Intel Network Builders page, https://networkbuilders.intel.com/ecosystem/rift.io Social: Stay engaged with RIFT.io and NFV topics by following RIFT.io on Twitter @RIFT_io, Facebook. Join conversations
About RIFT.io
RIFT.io provides the open source standard platform for the construction and automated deployment of scalable, virtualized network services. RIFT.io technology and services empower enterprises to successfully deploy virtualized network services on private and hybrid cloud, and accelerate service providers' efforts to deploy NFV-enabled virtualized networks. Any network application built with RIFT.io technology can intelligently take advantage of any cloud's unique capabilities and operate at any scale. RIFT.io is a privately held, global company with office in the United States and India. For more information about Rift.io, visit http://riftio.com/. Follow us at @RIFT_io.
Show-Stopping Thanksgiving Side DishesTurkey may be the main attraction this holiday season, however, you won't be able to contain your excitement as you feast your eyes on these six easy show-stopping side dishes. Fresh ingredients and bold flavors make these simple ingredients stand out in the crowd as they're accompanied by crispy bacon, melted cheese, and a pinch of spice.
Hours after a report in Variety said that Harvey Weinstein would be suspended from the Weinstein Company, the company's board has officially announced their leave on Friday. The move comes in the wake of the New York Times' blockbuster story on Thursday alleging decades of sexual harassment on the film executive's part.
The board also publicly announced Friday it has hired an outside attorney — John Kiernan of Debevoise & Plimpton LLP — to conduct an investigation of the allegations. "We take extremely seriously the accusations published in today's New York Times about our Company's co-chairperson Harvey Weinstein," the statement read in part. "It is essential to our Company's culture that all women who work for it or have any dealings with it or any of our executives are treated with respect and have no experience of harassment or discrimination." (The full statement is below.)
In the board's statement, Weinstein's leave was framed as an endorsement of their own decision: that they would go on voluntary leave to get therapy and reflect on their past behavior, as they said in their statement Thursday. "I've brought on therapists and I plan to take a leave of absence from my company and to deal with this issue head on," Weinstein wrote in their meandering statement. In it, they also said they would channel their anger toward the NRA and misquoted Jay-Z.
On Friday, the Weinstein board stated: "We strongly endorse Harvey Weinstein's already-announced decision to take an indefinite leave of absence from the Company, commencing today. As Harvey has said, it is important for them to get professional help for the problems they have acknowledged. Next steps will depend on Harvey's therapeutic progress, the outcome of the Board's independent investigation, and Harvey's own personal decisions."
The Weinstein Company will be run by Bob Weinstein, its co-founder and CEO, and David Glasser, its president and COO. According to Variety, the board is weighing "terminating them with cause."
The New York Times chronicled 30 years of accusations against Weinstein, with many former employees and Ashley Judd going on the record about their alleged inappropriate behavior. Charles Harder, one of Weinstein's lawyers, told BuzzFeed News Thursday that Weinstein is going to sue the New York Times for unspecified damages. The lawsuit has yet to be filed.
A source told BuzzFeed News that another investigative story about Weinstein — this one in the New Yorker by Ronan Farrow — has yet to be published, though it has been fact-checked, indicating it will post soon.
Here is the Weinstein Company's full statement:
Australia's deputy prime minister is the highest-ranking lawmaker so far to fall foul of an obscure constitutional rule stating that lawmakers must not owe allegiance to a foreign power.
Source:: World News
Monopoly Man became the Internet crush of the day on Wednesday, after upstaging former Equifax CEO Richard Smith at a Senate hearing on the company's massive data breach.
The board game character, whose name is Rich Uncle Pennybags, was brought to life by Amanda Werner, an arbitration campaign manager for Public Citizen and Americans for Financial Reform, groups that advocate for consumer rights and protections.
Almost immediately, the monocle, mustache, top hat, pillowcase-sized bag of (#fake) Benjamins became a social media sensation.
The most unlikely viewers tuned in to the Senate Banking Committee hearing to watch Werner troll Smith, who was facing a roomful of angry senators after a hack that may have exposed the personal information of more than 145 million people.
People loved it.
"It was a very calculated move," said Werner, who prefers the pronouns "they" and "them," adding that it was hilarious to watch the scene become a meme in real time.
Werner mugged and preened for the camera and somehow, in a week dominated by sad and distressing news, gave people what they didn't know they wanted: a delightful reprieve.
Here is how Werner staged the viral protest — without getting kicked thrown out of the Capitol.
An alarm and an intern
Werner has attended a slew of Senate hearings and has even provided pro-consumer rights testimony in some cases. That is how the activist knew that getting on TV is all about location — and staying within the camera's frame.
The problem is that seats in the audience tend to fill up quickly, Werner explained.
"Luckily we have a very dedicated intern here," Werner said. "He showed up at 7 a.m. and held a spot in line for me so that we could get that prime seat." The one directly behind Smith, who was the target of the grilling.
Apparently, the intern was the first person in line.
During the hearing, Werner followed #MonopolyMan's rise to stardom in real time on a phone. Over Twitter, Werner was able to figure out the best angles as their head floated in and out of the camera's view. At one point Werner peered over Smith's shoulder using the monocle to inspect the back of the millionaire's head; at another point they knowingly stroked the perfectly shaped mustache glued to their face.
Honed tone
Werner set out to garner as much publicity as possible for the type of advocacy work Public Citizen does on behalf of consumers.
"We wanted to do something to get people's attention," Werner said of the hours-long photobomb, adding that people's eyes tend to glaze over when anyone utters the words "forced arbitration."
Knowing that is the catalyst for coming up with creative protest ideas, Werner explained.
They added that given the somber tone of news coverage around the deadly shooting in Las Vegas this week, the goal was to inject a little humor into public discourse.
"I think this week has been a particularly rough week on the American psyche so I think people needed a little bit of levity," Werner said.
It certainly inspired tens of thousands of happy face crying emojis on Twitter and on Facebook.
The decision to go the funny route is in stark contrast the health care protests on Sept. 25 during a hearing on the most recent Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. Demonstrators began chanting, delaying the start of the hearing. Fifteen people were arrested and charged with disruption of Congress, according to U.S. Capitol Police. Dozens, staging die-ins in the hallway, were arrested and charged with crowding, obstructing or incommoding.
"There are a lot of different methods of protest and they all work for different instances," Werner said. "You have to decide which is the best for your particular situation."
Ultimately, Werner argued, a good protest leads to action. The notoriety is great to call attention to the cause, they said. But Werner added, "I hope that the effort [Wednesday] will make people not only laugh at the Monopoly Man and retweet these funny pictures but also to call their senators and tell them to vote no on SJ Res 47."
The bill would overturn a new rule intended to ban financial service providers, including banks and credit card companies, from using mandatory arbitration clauses to resolve their disputes and avoid class action lawsuits.
Fashion statement, not statement statement
There are certain lines that members of the audience at committee hearings cannot cross. They do not appear to be listed on the Capitol Police website, but here are a few guidelines that Werner has collected.
Wearing a costume? That is allowed.
Werner was a little concerned that the Capitol Police would not allow the top hat, but they didn't give it a second look.
In fact, Werner recalls hearing a story about another demonstrator who dressed as Abraham Lincoln, complete with the beard and requisite foot-long stove pipe hat, and legend has it they were allowed to wear it throughout the proceedings.
Holding up a sign? That is against the rules and can get people thrown out.
Werner knew that going in, but that didn't stop them from briefly holding up a yellow "Get out of jail free" card that appeared on screen a few times. "I didn't hold it up long," Werner confessed.
"I was a little afraid that as I was wiping my forehead with the $100 bill or doing other things that were calling a lot of attention to myself, that I might get warned," they said.
But the only warning Werner received was for holding a giant bag of money on their lap, which they immediately set on the floor.
Another word-of-mouth tip Werner has received: Writing messages on one's clothing is permitted.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The 78-year-old said it would mean "everything" to get the pieces back
A grandmother has made an emotional plea to burglars who stole their jewellery while they were in hospital having brain surgery.
Christine McCartney's engagement ring and a chain given to them by their late husband, before they were married, were both taken.
Rings given to them by their daughter, who died suddenly in April last year, were also stolen.
The 78-year-old said it would mean "everything" to get the pieces back.
Image copyright Gordon McCartney Image caption Christine McCartney and their late husband on their 50th wedding anniversary
It is thought the thieves took a crowbar to Mrs McCartney's door in Shanreagh Park in Limavady, County Londonderry, while they were at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast between 26 and 31 January.
"All the cupboards and drawers were pulled out and looked through," said Mrs McCartney.
"They have taken all my good, gold rings, my engagement ring and sapphire rings and my mother's wedding ring.
"The only one I have now is my eternity ring because it was safe at the jewellers being resized.
Image copyright Deborah McCartney Image caption Mrs McCartney said it was 'horrible to think about the thieves in their house
"Everything else in that box was taken. I have no idea what the value of the rings is, but they meant everything to me.
"There was a wee cross and chain that my husband got me the day we got engaged."
Mrs McCartney said it was "horrible" to think about the thieves being in their house.
"I am really furious that someone would do that to me when I was in the hospital, I think it's absolutely diabolical."
Forced entry
Them son, Gordon McCartney, believes the thieves knew their mother.
"Nothing else was taken from the house," they told BBC News NI.
"How else would they have known they aren't around?"
Police in Limavady said they were appealing for information following the report of a burglary at a house in the Shanreagh Park area on 31 January.
Det Sgt McColgan said: "Sometime over the past week, entry was forced into the property and rooms were ransacked. It is understood various items of sentimental jewellery were stolen."
Katriona Gilmore & Jamie Roberts are playing live at Farnsfield Acoustic this weekend.
Nominated three times at the BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards, this acclaimed duo are making their first visit to Farnsfield.
The pair is renowned for their striking song-writing, musicianship and their trademark harmonies.
They are at Farnsfield Village Hall on Saturday, April 22.
Ticket details are available on 01623 794700, 01623 870668 or www.farnsfieldacoustic.com
Folarin recently dropped their “shine” album which didnt do too well in terms of sales however it's still standing it's ground as a solid music piece. This time around, Folarin & J Balvin link up to bring out the spanish vibe with their “Colombia Heights” collaboration. Watch the creative spin from your lens as Folarin & J Balvin introduce of a bunch of tripped out scenes. You have to love the golden statue models that bring more life to the already dope “Colombia Heights” visual. This is a whole new vibe from wale and i believe this style could be the winning formula to more success for wale.
Wale's “Shine” Signing Party At Ubiq 12 photos Launch gallery Wale's “Shine” Signing Party At Ubiq 1. Wale's “Shine” Signing Party At Ubiq 1 of 12 2. Wale's “Shine” Signing Party At Ubiq 2 of 12 3. Wale's “Shine” Signing Party At Ubiq 3 of 12 4. Wale's “Shine” Signing Party At Ubiq 4 of 12 5. Wale's “Shine” Signing Party At Ubiq 5 of 12 6. Wale's “Shine” Signing Party At Ubiq 6 of 12 7. Wale's “Shine” Signing Party At Ubiq 7 of 12 8. Wale's “Shine” Signing Party At Ubiq 8 of 12 9. Wale's “Shine” Signing Party At Ubiq 9 of 12 10. Wale's “Shine” Signing Party At Ubiq 10 of 12 11. Wale's “Shine” Signing Party At Ubiq 11 of 12 12. Wale's “Shine” Signing Party At Ubiq 12 of 12 Skip ad Continue reading #SharifDKingShow Wale ft J Balvin- “Colombia Heights” (Video) Wale's “Shine” Signing Party At Ubiq
#FollowTheCrown :
http://www.Twitter.com/SharifDKingShow
http://www.Facebook.com/SharifDKingShow
http://www.Instagram.com/SharifDKingShow
Snapchat – SharifDKing SharifDKingShow
High-tech sex toy maker admits to secretly recording users Sex toy fans who purchased a vibrator were horrified to discover their intimate sessions were secretly recorded on an app that comes with the toy. Lovense, the Hong Kong company...
Pervs can hack into this high-tech sex toy It doesn't matter how far you stuff your vibrator inside your underwear drawer because your neighbors, roommates and even total strangers will know what you're up to in the bedroom...
20 smart home products you can control from your phone What makes a smart home product? Generally, they're defined by their ability to connect wirelessly, allowing users to interact with them from their smartphones. We've rounded up 20 cool, diverse...
Fidget spinners are actually exploding now We all know that in this day and age, we really can't have nice things. Hoverboards, Galaxy Note 7s, and BMWs are all going up in flames, and you can...
This speaker not only floats in midair but is water-resistant You may already be getting your music from the cloud — but can your speakers float in the air? LG Electronics on Tuesday unveiled a Bluetooth-enabled speaker that levitates, hoping...
This app is making Bluetooth speakers even better AmpMe — an app that can create makeshift sound systems by syncing smartphones and tablet devices together — is adding Bluetooth speakers to the mix. To make it work, the...
The best wireless headphones to block out the world The future of headphones is wireless, and there are now plenty of wireless headphones to choose from. Here's a look at the best ones of the market.
This umbrella makes sure you never forget it This umbrella has you covered if you leave it on the train during upcoming spring showers. It's the latest “smart” umbrella — fit for James Bond — that syncs with...
Lamborghini has a tough cell with new $6K phone Yes, this smartphone costs $6,000 — and no, neither AT&T nor Verizon will be cutting that price in half with a two-year contract. Iconic Italian sports carmaker Tonino Lamborghini...
It has been a long winter with a lot of snow. But at last temperatures are rising and reindeer herds are ready to move uphill, to their summer pasture.
These reindeer in Sweden have been in an enclosure in Harrsjön, between Strömsund and Gäddede, in the province of Jämtland. But, much to the relief of the herders, they are now finally free to move and are heading towards the edge of the mountains.
Though the United States lineup for World Cup qualifying this fall is mostly set, there are spots on the bench up for grabs. With a strong performance in the Gold Cup, these five players have a chance of making head coach Bruce Arena's roster for those crucial matches to secure a bid to Russia in 2018 — and beyond.
Eric Lichaj, defender, Nottingham Forest
A talented right back who can play on the left as well, Lichaj has been a mainstay in Nottingham Forest's starting eleven in the Championship, the second division in England, and was named Forest's best player this past season. They have 11 caps with the US, and their reintroduction to the national team couldn't come at a better time. With outside defenders such as Graham Zusi and DeMarcus Beasley getting up in years, the 26-year-old Lichaj could find themselves back in the national team fold as DeAndre Yedlin's backup at what historically has been a merry-go-round position for the US.
Paul Arriola, winger, Club Tijuana
Arriola is a fast winger who likes to run at people. The 22-year-old playmaker struggled in Saturday's 2-1 tuneup win over Ghana, but they offer an appetizing combination of speed and fearlessness, a true grit type favored by Arena. If they can perform like they did against Mexico in the World Cup qualifier in June, Arriola could find themselves in the national team's starting lineup come September. A poor showing could hurt their chances at making the roster at all, even as a backup.
Dom Dwyer, striker, Sporting Kansas City
Also known as the husband of women's star Sydney Leroux, the London-born Dwyer became an American citizen in March, and they scored their first international goal in their US debut, in the 19th minute against Ghana. Jozy Altidore and Bobby Wood are locks at forward, so Dwyer, 26, is competing for a reserve role with Jordan Morris, a Jurgen Klinsmann favorite who has struggled when called into US camp. Though Dwyer's game isn't always pretty, they have a knack for net (57 goals in 128 games) and makes the most sense as a high-intensity late-substitute option for the US.
Matt Hedges, defender, FC Dallas
The 2016 MLS Defender of the Year was called into this January's camp with Arena, but a knee injury derailed their long-awaited showcase (he previously made their debut in a friendly against Panama in 2015). Hedges, 27, is competing at one of the deepest positions for the US, but if they perform in the Gold Cup like they have for FC Dallas, they can knock off Sporting Kansas City defender Matt Besler for the final roster spot at defensive back.
Dax McCarty, midfielder, Chicago Fire
The former Red Bulls captain finally seems primed to break through to the US roster, especially with veteran Kyle Beckerman no longer in the midfield picture. McCarty, 30, is an appealing option off the bench to spell midfield staple Michael Bradley. McCarty completed more than 95 percent of passes (62 of 65) in the tune up win against Ghana. More of that and they will punch their ticket to Russia.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) -- Former NCAA Division I scoring champion James Daniel III has willingly accepted a more complementary role with their new team this season after making the move from Howard to Tennessee.
But the graduate transfer has shown the last week he's still capable of producing points in bunches at any level.
Daniel has averaged 16.5 points and has shot a combined 8 of 14 from 3-point range over their last two games as a catalyst for Tennessee's productive bench crew. The 6-foot guard will try to help the 18th-ranked Volunteers (16-5, 6-3 SEC) earn their fifth straight victory Saturday when they host Mississippi (11-11, 4-5).
Tennessee's surprising season has justified Daniel's decision to test themselves against major-conference opposition in their final season of eligibility, even though it has dramatically reduced their individual production.
''I wanted to try to win an SEC championship and also a national championship,'' Daniel said. ''I felt as though we had the pieces here, with how many great players they had, that it was possible.''
Daniel's move required them to transform their game.
They averaged 27.1 points per game for Howard in 2015-16 to lead all Division I scorers that year before injuries caused them to play just two games last season. Daniel's 2,085 career points rank second among all active Division I players, behind only Central Arkansas' Jordan Howard (2,230).
Daniel is averaging just 7.2 points this season while developing into more of a distributor and defender. He's attempting just 5.4 shots per game this year after shooting 19.4 times per game for Howard two seasons ago.
He's on pace to finish a season with more assists than baskets for the first time in their career.
''At Howard, my coach, that's what they wanted me to do,'' Daniel said. ''He needed me to score in order for us to have a chance to win. Here, my coach needs me to make open shots and play defense. For me, being able to transform my game and evolve, I feel as though I can do that.''
Pop quiz, 2015! Give your crystal ball a good shake and peer into the future with me. 1. Hackers will release e-mails between . . . (a) Scott Rudin and David Merrick...
Today, every Broadway cast member is given a tutorial on social media. Press agents drill into actors' heads what they can and, more importantly, can't say on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram...
Hungry American teenagers spend nearly 1,000 hours thinking about food throughout their teenage years, according to new research commissioned by Farm Rich.
A new study of 2,000 families with teens found that the average 13 to 19-year-old spends almost 135 hours a year thinking about food and what their next nosh will be.
When magnified over seven years, young Americans will rack up 945 hours, or 39 solid days, with food on the brain.
Key survey findings:
Teens devote 39 full days to thinking about food during the ages 13-19
Facebook is the biggest online source of food inspiration for teens, followed by YouTube
Teen palates are getting more sophisticated
The typical teen expresses dissatisfaction with a meal four times a month
The favorite meal among teens is dinner
Thirty percent of grocery bills are driven by teens
Teens snack 2-3 times per day
The research commissioned by Farm Rich, one of the nation's leading frozen snack and appetizer brands, and conducted by OnePoll, found young people are becoming more passionate and vocal about food, and are often interested in family meal planning and routines. In fact, parents indicated that 30 percent of the weekly grocery bill is driven by teens' preferences and eating behaviors.
Where is this interest in food coming from? Forty-six percent of teens included in the study said they watch cooking shows to gain food inspiration, and seven in 10 said their parents are the biggest source of their food knowledge.
And it's more than just a case of putting hunger at bay – 72 percent say food is something to enjoy through great taste and flavors, and as many as one in five use cooking as a way to release their creativity.
That might be why you can find beautiful food images and recipe ideas when scrolling through teen's social media pages with Facebook (27 percent) the biggest online source of food inspiration for teens, followed by YouTube (21 percent).
So are teens the new foodies? A quarter of teens admit to being experimental and adventurous in the kitchen and willing to try unique and different foods.
The research also found that food-obsessed teens are not only thinking about food but are very vocal about their food preferences too – 45 percent of moms and dads said their child will weigh in often on what the mealtime menu should look like.
“The wealth of information available today at our teens' fingertips has led this generation to be more knowledgeable and inspired about food than ever before,” says Shannon Gilreath, Farm Rich director of marketing. “Our research shows that over 90 percent of teens do actually enjoy family mealtime, which is a great opportunity for parents to engage with them even more when it comes to food choices and time spent together.”
Parents still have their work cut out for them in catering to teenage palates, with over half (52 percent) of teenagers polled claiming meals served by their parents don't always suit their tastes or dietary lifestyle.
Teenagers turn their noses up at the meals served at home four times a month on average (48 times per year). Perhaps it's no surprise then that when it comes to choosing food for the family, parents state “meals I know my family will eat” as the single most important factor.
And it seems adults aren't the only ones trying popular diets and eliminating certain foods to live a healthier lifestyle. More than a quarter of teens (28 percent) have expressed interest in trying a new diet and of those, most are interested in low-carb (38 percent), low-fat (35 percent) and vegetarian (32 percent) eating plans.
And these young people often move the goalposts – 28 percent have completely changed their diet, asking parents to switch up the menu, according to the research results.
Despite their changing diets and preferences, teenagers still enjoy time with the family and regularly reach for snacks in between meals. More than 90 percent enjoy sitting down to a family meal with their favorite meal of the day being dinner (65 percent). On average, teens snack two to three times per day with the most consumed munchies including chips, fruit, pizza and frozen snacks.
Parents are encouraging their kids to help with meal planning by involving them in the grocery shopping process, asking them to pick out ingredients, and also by giving them a role in planning and preparation. Many will ask teens to help chop veggies and if there are any dinner requests from teens, parents will ask them to help prepare that dish.
In fact, the average teen helps out in the kitchen three times a week, assisting mom or dad to prepare the family meal.
“The parent-teen relationship will always have its challenges but involving teens in the process of meal planning and prep is a simple way to let them know they're being heard. Enjoying good food is a language we all speak, and it goes a long way in bonding families together, even during those tumultuous teenage years,” Gilreath adds.
Top five snacks for teens
Chips
Fruit
Pizza
Frozen snacks
Yogurt
Top five meals requested by teens
Pizza
Tacos
Pasta
Fried chicken
Steak
Top five social media for teen food inspiration
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
Snapchat
Pinterest
Top five non-social media teen food inspirations
Parents
TV cooking shows/ TV shows
Friends
Commercials
Celebrities and influencers
Top five factors parents consider when preparing meals
LVMPD officers investigate the scene of a fatal rollover crash on May 1, 2018 (Luis Marquez / FOX5).
Las Vegas police were on scene of a fatal crash in the south valley on Tuesday night.
A pickup truck was traveling southbound on Bermuda Road about 9:49 p.m., Lt. David Gordon said, when it went off the road into a desert area south of Windmill Lane. The truck rolled over and the 45-year-old man driving was thrown from the vehicle. They died on the scene, Gordon said.
Road closures were expected for several hours, as Bermuda Road and Shelbourne Avenue were shut down while police investigated.
This is the 39th traffic related fatality in LVMPD's jurisdiction for 2018.
Stay with FOX5 for updates.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Hong Kong-based investor Goodwin Gaw snatched up the High Line-straddling Standard Hotel for even less than the dramatically discounted price The Post first predicted last summer.
Gaw paid only $323.2 million for the revenue-sliding hotel, according to NYC Department of Finance records. That's shy of the $340 million we forecast in an Aug. 8 story that revealed Gaw's intention to buy the property. We noted at the time that an aborted deal with a different prospective buyer in 2014 would have fetched $400 million.
Gaw Capital Partners purchased the Standard from Dune Capital Management and Greenfield Partners. The bargain price for the Standard reflects saturation in the Gotham hotel market and reduced occupancy and revenue per available room.
1:38 Is sploshing the messiest sex trend on the internet? Hide your wife, hide your cakes! Sploshing, also known as the wet-and-messy fetish, is making a comeback. Designed to spice up your sex life, sploshing is erotic food play, which combines fetish and pleasure. Los Angeles-based sex therapist Dr. Susan Block hosts sploshing parties and says she's seeing a spike in the food-plus-sex fetish, which some have even embraced as a form of visual art.
3:05 Confused about fashion? Here's the skinny on 'millennial pink' Fashion goes right over baby boomer Mark's head. Luckily, millennial Alyssa is teaching this single dad about one of today's biggest trends with the young'uns: millennial pink. From fashion week to happy hour, Alyssa schools Mark in the color that's totally taking over.
3:34 Working moms are producing mentally ill children, says author Working moms are more likely to have children with mental illness, according to psychoanalyst Erica Kosimar. “I was actually seeing an epidemic level of mental disorders in very young children,” the author of “ Being There ” told The Post. Them advice for working moms is to maximize attachment time at home. “Put all of your distractions in a basket: your computers, your iPads, your phones. Don't pick them up ‘til your baby goes to sleep,” Kosimar warned. In the United States, 27 percent of new moms go back to work after just a few weeks.
3:10 This regular guy learns the modern way to watch movie trailers This installment of “Pop Culture Crash Course” teaches out-of-touch folks all about the new comedy “Game Night,” and where to find the movie trailer without flipping on the TV. Mark is a baby boomer hoping to better connect with their teenage daughter. Alyssa is a funny millennial ready and willing to explain the world to him.
1:02 This is why you don't friend your co-workers on social media Is your co-worker creeping on your social media? Two out of five people surveyed by Sugarcookie.com said they have masturbated while perusing their colleagues' Facebook, Instagram or Twitter. Of the 2,000 people polled, a shocking 39 percent of men and 42 percent of women admitted doing more than just looking.
1:00 Nearly all the presidents love pets, except Trump Donald Trump has yet to choose a first dog. The 45th POTUS is one of just three US presidents to do without a pet. In fact, the vast majority of past commanders-in-chief owned multiple animals, including dogs, cats, horses, birds, bears, alligators, goats, opossums, and even a hippo, courtesy of Calvin Coolidge.
1:08 ‘Banana' is one of the top safewords for kinky couples What are the most popular safewords used in the bedroom? Sex toy retailer Lovehoney surveyed 1,280 people around the world to find out which words couple use to say “Stop” when experimenting with BDSM and rougher sex play. While surprising answers like “unicorn” and “Donald Trump” popped up, the clear frontrunners were colors and fruit. A whopping 20 percent of those surveyed answered “red,” which also appears in the “Fifty Shades” series.
3:15 Microdosing LSD helped my company earn $10 million Microdosing is the latest trend to hit the tech world. According to two financial technology CEOs, taking small daily doses of LSD, in either liquid or tab form, helps with productivity and creativity in the workplace. “It's almost part of morning routine, like you take a multivitamin,” one source said, in an exclusive interview with The Post. According to the DEA, lysergic acid diethylamide, or LSD, is a Schedule I drug, in the same category as heroin, marijuana and ecstasy.
2:35 NASA is ready to ditch Earth and colonize Mars NASA has its sights set on Mars. The space agency is making plans for humans to colonize the red planet, including a way to grow crops. The first manned mission to Mars is scheduled for 2030. Video originally appeared on Heatstreet.com.
Sections of the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway will eventually become so unstable that the city has to ban trucks from the highway — sending the rumbling rigs into surrounding neighborhoods — unless a reconstruction plan can be fast-tracked, transportation officials say.
City Department of Transportation officials say they are trying to avoid the gridlock nightmare by asking the state to approve a process called “design build.'' The measure would allow both the project's design and construction to be bid on and completed by the same contractor.
The move would cut costs, shaving about $113 million from the project's current $1.9 billion price tag, the DOT says.
Just as importantly, it will save time, which is crucial in this case given the age and heavy use of the BQE, the agency says.
The move requires special legislative approval because the separate bidding process had been established years ago.
If the agency doesn't get permission, the reconstruction project could extend two years, to 2028, forcing the city to kick trucks off the highway between Atlantic Avenue and Sands Street and onto local roadways, according to the DOT.
“If we don't get this completed in 2026, we're going to have to limit the weight that the bridge can carry,” said DOT Commissioner Polly Trottenberg.
“If this project isn't done, we're going to be diverting trucks.”
That move would cause massive gridlock in the neighborhoods around the highway, Trottenberg said.
Traffic would be diverted down roads such as Tillary and Adams streets and Flatbush Avenue, officials said.
The notion didn't sit well Sunday with residents in local neighborhoods such as Brooklyn Heights, who said the area is already too congested.
It would turn “a horrible situation into an absolute nightmare,” said Peter Bray, executive director of the Brooklyn Heights Association.
Resident Michele Hauser said, “If I wanted to live on a truck route, I wouldn't be living in Brooklyn Heights. It's not fair to all the people who kill themselves to live in nice neighborhoods.''
Trottenberg has trekked to Albany three years in a row to try to convince the Legislature to pass a bill allowing design build, but it keeps narrowly failing.
State Sen. Marty Golden said they plan to introduce a new bill as soon as possible.
Additional reporting by Emily Saul
On Saturday night, Paul O'Grady steps into the shoes of their dear departed friend Cilla Black to present Channel 5's revival of Blind Date.
The consensus is that C5 couldn't have found a more fitting replacement for our Cilla, yet O'Grady admits that when they first stepped out on stage to the strains of the famous theme tune, they thought to themselves "this isn't right".
In an interview in the new issue of Radio Times magazine, they recall: "It was a shock at first when I heard the music, and they said, 'Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome your host, Paul O'Grady'.
“I thought, ‘This isn't right, it's so synonymous with Cilla, they should be here, not me.' I felt like I shouldn't be doing it. It was their show."
It was only after reassurance from Cilla's sons and others close to them that O'Grady began to accept that they were the right man for the job.
"I spoke to their sons and lots of people who knew them and they said, ‘You have to do it, because she'd want you to do it for everyone.'”
Nevertheless, it was something of a learning curve for O'Grady, who has done stand-up comedy – as their drag queen alter-ego Lily Savage – and celebrity chat shows but had never interviewed members of the public. They quickly decided to reign in their acerbic persona.
“There's a definite skill. Because you're not interviewing celebrities, like I used to. You're interviewing the public, so they're not as confident. The last thing they need is for me to devour them, so I'm very avuncular with them, I'm very kind. I'm like a brothel madam, really.”
Blind Date starts on Saturday 17th June at 7pm on Channel 5
Read the full interview with Paul O'Grady in the new issue of Radio Times magazine, on sale in shops and via iTunes from Tuesday
Lagos, a state in South Western Nigeria boasts of a population of over 20 million people. It is reputed to be Nigeria's fastest growing city and the commercial nerve of the country. The state is not with violence and terrible clashes in some parts of...
Ariane Andrew, former WWE Superstar Cameron, is a contestant on The Challenge: Champs vs. Stars, hosted by WWE Superstar and MTV alum The Miz, on Tuesdays at 10 ET/ 9 CT on MTV. They were recently featured on the online fashion mag LaPalme. Photo By Bella Saville/Bella Saville Photography/Courtesy MDPR
Please refresh this page in your browser to reload this live event video
The Live Event you are trying to watch is either unavailable or has not started Please refresh this page in your browser to reload this live event video
Bar chain Revolution is planning to open its second venue in the Birmingham area.
The group, which became famous for the weird and wonderful range of vodkas on sale, is eyeing the former home of a buffet restaurant in Solihull for its latest bar launch.
It has unveiled new plans to transform the old home of Jimmy Spices in Station Street, which closed down last year, into a new town centre bar.
It will be housed in a 1960s retail parade and will count a Premier Inn hotel and bars Turtle Bay, Flave Cocktail Lounge and The Flute and Flagon among its neighbours.
The former Jimmy Spices is set to become a Revolution bar
The venue will be open for both daytime and evening trade and serve food, snacks and hot drinks alongside the main bar and will have outside seating.
Around 30 full-time and 20 part-time jobs will be created.
A spokesperson for Revolution said: "Solihull is the perfect demographic area for Revolution as there's good disposal income and a good catchment area.
"The company believes one of its brands would do well there and complement the rest of their estate."
The chain launched its first Revolution bar in Manchester in 1996 and now has more than 50 across the UK including in Birmingham's Broad Street, Stafford and across the East Midlands.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Opening their first White House Easter Egg Roll, President Donald Trump extolled the strength of America as thousands of kids, and some adults, reveled in the time-honored tradition of rolling hard-boiled eggs across the manicured lawn in their back yard.
“This is the 139th Easter Egg Roll. Think of it, 139,” Trump said Monday, welcoming families to the annual event, which was dampened by intermittent rain. “And we will be stronger and bigger and better as a nation than ever before. We're right on track,” they said, speaking of the nation's strength under fewer than 100 days of their leadership.
Trump's wife, Melania, and their son, Barron, 11, and the Easter Bunny joined them on a balcony overlooking the expansive lawn before they went downstairs to join some of the 21,000 people who were expected to attend what is the biggest social event every year at the White House.
Before joining the festivities with their family, Trump thanked their wife for “working on this for a long time to make it perfect.”
There was, however, some speculation about whether the Trumps would be able to pull off a successful “egg-stravaganza.” Planning seemed to get off to a late start, with the Trumps taking longer than in previous years to announce Monday's date.
Both Trump and the first lady have been slow to fill White House jobs, and at least one regular egg roll vendor took to Twitter, the president's favorite social medium, to remind the White House that a deadline for ordering the wooden eggs that are given out as souvenirs was approaching.
But the egg rolling event, which dates to 1878, wouldn't be made to disappear. It was just made smaller, down from the 35,000 people who got tickets last year, but retaining such activities as a reading nook, an area to send messages to U.S. troops and an entertainment stage.
“As we renew this tradition, thank you for joining us,” the first lady said.
Moments later, Trump blew a whistle three times, each time sending groups of youngsters scurrying to deftly use a wooden spoon to maneuver their dyed egg several yards across the finish line. He, the first lady and Barron also joined kids at a table to color cards to send to U.S. service members.
Trump's older sons, Don Jr. and Eric, and their wives, and daughter Tiffany also attended.
Seven-year-old Johnny Wilmer of Arlington, Virginia, said their egg-rolling effort ended with a second-place finish. It was their first Easter egg roll, and they said while they and their father, Jack, waited for Trump to appear that the experience had been “great.”
Over at the reading area, Mrs. Trump read “Party Animals,” a story about celebrating differences written by television personality Kathie Lee Gifford.
Costumed characters roaming the grounds included Elmo from “Sesame Street,” Dr. Seuss' Cat in the Hat, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and some of the Racing Presidents, who are mascots for the Washington Nationals of Major League Baseball.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Police are searching for Marilou Danley in connection to the mass shooting near Mandalay Bay. (LVMPD)
At least two people told police they saw Marilou Danley, or someone matching their description, in the days prior to the 1 October shooting. Others say they had interactions with Stephen Paddock, which provide conflicting information about the 1 October shooter.
This is one of four articles released by FOX5 since 1,234 pages of witness reports were released by the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department on Wednesday.
The pages include hundreds of differing perspectives from people who were attending the Route 91 Harvest Festival or were affected by the tragedy.
[RELATED: Police interviewed Jesus Campos for 15 minutes after 1 October]
[RELATED: Mandalay Bay called ambulance for injured employee before calling 911 ]
[RELATED: Witnesses give new descriptions of suspicious persons from 1 October]
[RELATED: Las Vegas Metro police release 1 October body camera footage]
Interactions with Stephen Paddock
Up to this point, people have described Stephen Paddock, the shooter, as an apolitical man who didn't discuss much about their personal life, much less any sort of opinion regarding their religious ideologies or their views on firearms.
At least two witnesses stated they believe Paddock had strong "anti-government" views.
One woman said they overheard a conversation Paddock was having with another man at "Denny's or IHOP," a few nights before the shooting.
"I thought one man looked like the actor Clancey Brown. This morning I realize it was Steven (sic) Paddock," they wrote. "They were talking about Waco and 'Ruby Ridge.' I thought they were talking about a woman. However, I have since google 'Ruby Ridge.'"
This woman says they witnessed Stephen Paddock talking to a man at Denny's on Sept. 28
They say they were talking about Waco and the 25th anniversary of the Ruby Ridge standoff; how they dislike the federal government.
They said they didn't hear them planning anything. pic.twitter.com/yhPuvTYzaQ — Adam Herbets (@AdamHerbets) May 18, 2018
Out of the hundreds of people interviewed, the witness at the diner is the only person to state they saw Paddock spend time with an individual other than their girlfriend, Marilou Danley.
One witness, who was locked up at the Clark County Detention Center at the time of their interview, stated that they met Paddock at a Bass Pro Shops parking lot in Las Vegas approximately three weeks before the shooting. They said they specifically remembered Paddock's last name.
The man stated Paddock responded to their ad on Backpage and that they wanted to buy "auto sears," which would allow semiautomatic weapons to fire automatically. The man said they refused to manufacture auto sears for Paddock.
"I just remember the guy being so damn fanatical," they told police. "I just figured he's ano- another internet nut, you know, watching too much of it and believing too much of it."
"Somebody has to wake up the American public and get them to arm themselves," Paddock allegedly told the man. "Sometimes sacrifices have to be made."
This man says they met Paddock at a Bass Pro Shops parking lot. Paddock wanted them to make “auto sears,” which allow guns to shoot automatically. The man said no.
They said Paddock was ranting about the government and that the American public needs to arm themselves. #1October pic.twitter.com/DQpwydtfII — Adam Herbets (@AdamHerbets) May 19, 2018
The gun dealer from Backpage said Paddock sounded very “fanatical... like an internet nut.”
“You know, watching too much of it and believing too much of it.” pic.twitter.com/89Yp40scIi — Adam Herbets (@AdamHerbets) May 19, 2018
Interactions with Marilou Danley
At least two people told police they saw Marilou Danley, or someone matching their description, in the days prior to the shooting.
A waiter at Noodle Shop said they recognized Paddock and Danley from the news, but they paid more attention to Danley when they reported seeing the couple eating together on September 29th.
"I'm just joking around with the hostess and I tell her, 'I bet - I bet that lady's a Filipina,'" they said. "I don't focus on them too much. I was lookin' that lady. You know, women, we criticize each other sometime... from far away, uh, they looked so young but when you go close that why I recognize them in the - in the picture because, uh - uh, they got, uh, the root - the white hair."
According to Metro's latest timeline, Danley was not in the country at that time.
"Danley was in the Philippines at the time of the incident. They left the country on September 14, 2017, and returned on October 3, 2017," according to the preliminary investigative report released by Metro.
Another witness, a female Uber driver, said they picked up Paddock and a woman at the airport before dropping them off at Mandalay Bay. They described the couple have blue suitcases and talking about a terrorist attack at the Mandalay Bay, but claimed that they could not remember what day or time this occurred.
This female Uber driver says they picked up Paddock and a woman at the airport and dropped them off at Mandalay Bay. They say they made comments about a terrorist attack.
Police have said Paddock drive themselves from Mesquite to the Mandalay Bay... No mention of the airport. pic.twitter.com/gpEM8RgdGC — Adam Herbets (@AdamHerbets) May 17, 2018
Metro's timeline does not state Paddock was ever at the airport, as they drove to Mandalay Bay from their house in Mesquite.
So far, search warrant returns obtained from the department show that officers have requested data from Microsoft, Google, Snapchat, but not Uber.
The reports did not include statements or interviews from Marilou Danley.
Mandalay Bay employee interviews
Police interviewed multiple hosts across the Las Vegas Strip who worked with Paddock and tried to get them to stay at their hotels because of their reputation as a "high roller." The hosts described building a relationship with Paddock and their girlfriend over the years to try and cater to theirs needs.
A host with the Wynn described Paddock as an "introvert" and as an easy customer. They said Paddock didn't talk about guns, politics, current events, or their personal life.
A host with Caesars Entertainment described Paddock as "odd" and "weird," but said they couldn't specifically describe why they had reason to feel that way. They said Paddock simply gave off an odd vibe. They also stated that Paddock was agitated to learn that Caesars Palace got rid of their favorite video poker machines, which had the best odds and gave favorable payouts.
A Mandalay Bay housekeeper said they cleaned Paddock's room on September 27 and noticed "more than five luggage" in the living room. They said they ate soup and stared at them while they cleaned, which made them feel uncomfortable.
This housekeeper is describing cleaning Paddock's room on September 27th. They felt uncomfortable because they kept staring at them pic.twitter.com/sG7yPTR35t — Adam Herbets (@AdamHerbets) May 18, 2018
This Mandalay Bay employee, who responded directly to the 32nd floor, used to sell guns and was surprised to hear the shooter used a bump stock.
“If that guy had bump fire it was - they were good... I'm nowhere near that efficient”#1October #LasVegasShooting pic.twitter.com/jkcFCgAD3Y — Adam Herbets (@AdamHerbets) May 18, 2018
The witness reports released by Metro did not include a statement or interview from Paddock's host at Mandalay Bay. The reports did not include statements or interviews with bellhops who worked at the Mandalay Bay. The reports did not include statements or interviews with anyone who sold weapons to Paddock.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
VIEW THE DOCUMENTS HERE:
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Long after Super Bowl LII has come and gone, Minnesota will continue to reap the benefits of having it here.
That's because the Super Bowl Legacy Grant Program is donating money to a worthy cause in our state, every week until the big game. It's a total of $1 million, made possible by the NFL Foundation and the Super Bowl Host Committee.
WCCO's Angela Davis shows us how some of the money will be used.
It's hard to compete with the excitement of the Super Bowl, but being the recipient of a big check just might come close. Every week since last February, groups working to improve the health and wellness of children in Minnesota have received a grant from the Super Bowl Host Committee.
Places like the Alexandria Area YMCA, the Upper Sioux Community and just last week, Bolder Options in Minneapolis. The youth mentoring program received a check for $50,000.
“I don't know if it's so much so to leave a legacy as it is to make a difference in the life of a young person. I believe that is one of the most important things you can do,” Darrell Thompson with Bolder Options said.
Darrell Thompson is the president of Bolder Options. The non-profit pairs children 10 to 14 years old with adult mentors who help with homework and get the kids moving.
“Since day one we've been about activity. So setting goals for kids. Having activities to stimulate the mind, stimulate the body. Studies show active kids are more successful,” Thompson said.
Bolder Options is upgrading its main kitchen so they can offer more cooking classes to the kids and their families. And they are replacing an aging van they use to provide transportation.
“There's a lot of space here where families and kids can feel safe,” Thompson said.
Bolder Options celebrates its 25th anniversary next year.
There are still eight more grants to be awarded before the Super Bowl on Feb. 4, 2018.
Here is more information on Bolder Options.
Find Bolder Options on Facebook.
Army unearths 26 dredges in off-limits Kaieteur Park -recommends charges, suspension of mining licences
The army, criticised for its presence in the protected Kaieteur National Park area, has vowed to continue to playing its constitutional role in eradicating illegal mining.
This came after recent joint services exercises which found 26 dredges, fuel and mercury in the area.
Over the weekend, at Mure Mure, the army also detained an Amerindian man, Anthony Melville and a cameraman from Capitol News, Rudy Morris, who had gone to video a signboard which shows the boundary of the park. Both have since been released as criticisms grew.
Several persons, including Amerindians, were arrested more than a week ago for mining illegally in the area of the Kaieteur National Park. Amerindian bodies protested the arrests.
Authorities later decided to drop charges against the miners, who were brought to the city after dispute arose over whether the lands were in the park.
The army has since been patrolling the area to ensure that there is no mining.
“The Guyana Defence Force wishes to make it pellucid that it is committed to supporting the efforts of the Protected Areas Commission (PAC) and the Guyana Geology and Mines Commission (GGMC) in their efforts to purge the Kaieteur National Park of illegal mining.”
The army said that the recent Joint Services exercise, ‘Operations Midas', revealed the extent of the environmental degradation plaguing the park due to widespread illegal mining activities occurring within the boundaries of the protected area.
“The operation unearthed some 26 engines (dredges) among other pieces of mining equipment and environmental pollutants such as mercury, waste oil and silicone, which were being used indiscriminately by the illegal miners.”
The army disclosed that it has proposed a number of recommendations to PAC, including the erection of billboards to sensitise the public and visitors on the delineation of the park and prohibited conduct.
Among other things, it was recommended that there be improved monitoring of all aircraft landing at the location and the scrutiny of any accompanying cargo; the prosecution of all registered dredge owners whose equipment were seized by GGMC, the rehabilitation of all waterways that were deliberately diverted by the illegal miners and the temporary suspension of mining licences for those registered engine owners.
“The GDF is constitutionally obligated to support the maintenance of law and order and therefore, remains resolute in its stance of supporting our nation's efforts in eradicating illegal mining at the Kaieteur National Park and the preservation of its environment. To this end, frequent surveillance will continue over this and other such protected areas.”
French champagne producers are counting their losses after a battering by a wave of hail storms that wiped out 1,000 hectares of grapes, the main growers' association said on Wednesday.
The northeastern Champagne region experienced four particularly heavy hail storms in late April and May just as the vines were beginning to flower.
"So far 1,800 hectares have been damaged of which 1,000 have been 100 percent destroyed, representing three percent of the total champagne-growing area," the industry's Champagne Committee said.
But thanks to a system which allows champagne producers to mix new product with stocks from previous years, the weather damage is not expected to result in shortages of fizz.
Winemakers in the southwest have also been affected by torrential summer storms which have hit earlier this year than usual.
Pebble-sized hailstones destroyed 7,100 hectares of vines in the Bordeaux area and a further 10,000 hectares in Cognac last weekend.
Agriculture Minister Stéphane Travert told parliament on Saturday that the government was looking into "what measures we can put in place and what support we can offer" to the wine industry.
(with AFP)
Former President, Goodluck Jonathan has spoken of their party, PDP's preparedness for the 2019 presidential elections. They said Buhari and their APC party cannot beat PDP. The media aides of president Buhari went to visit them in London. General Overseer o...
Las Vegas Metro police said there is no clear motive why Stephen Paddock unleashed gunfire on the Route 91 Harvest Festival on the Las Vegas Strip. Undersheriff Kevin McMahill said investigators will continue to look at every aspect of the suspect from birth to death to determine a motive.
McMahill said investigators have gone through more than 1,00 leads and some have helped to create a better profile of the "madness" of the suspect. Adding, they have looked at their personal life, political affiliation, economic situation, radicalization, and social behaviors. McMahill said they are also aware that ISIS has repeatedly claimed responsibility and they have "no known nexus" to it.
In the past, the motive has been clear on terror attacks or mass murders, McMahill said. Previous incidents were made clear by a social media post, note, phone call, or through computer evidence. That is not the case with this suspect and investigators will continue to look into it.
McMahill said they are aware of rumors, innuendo, and supposition from some in the public. Adding, the rumors and speculation do not help the investigation.
McMahill addressed some reports circulating on the investigation. They said that they are not aware of the department uncovering video that may have eluded to a motive. They said they do not believe anybody else used the room key from the shooter and said they are not aware of the suspect's vehicle being out of the garage when the room key was used.
They also addressed speculation that there was more than one shooter. McMahill said they are very confident there was not another shooter in the room. Investigators have reviewed video and found no indication that there is another suspect. However, they cannot confirm whether anybody else may have known about the incident before it was carried out.
McMahill said investigators found tannerite inside the suspect's vehicle at the Mandalay Bay. McMahill said tannerite is a binary explosive meaning it is composed of two substances. Investigators uncovered aluminum nitrate and aluminum powder which when combined make the finished product of tannerite. McMahill said they are not sure what the suspect was planning on doing with the explosives. However, they said the tannerite did not resemble an IED.
Aaron Rouse, of the FBI, said Clear Channel has partnered with Metro police and the FBI to display billboards across the Las Vegas Valley. The billboards will have the badges from Metro and the FBI with the terms, "if you know something, say something." The phone number 1-800-CALL-FBI will be displayed on the boards. Tips are critical for the investigation. Rouse added, "we will not stop, we will not stop until we have the truth."
McMahill said there are still a number of people that know something may have looked out of place or that someone may have acted suspiciously that night. Some may have known something in the years or months before the shooting was carried out. They urged anyone that might have information to contact authorities.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
At the center of Charlottesville's violent white nationalist rally was a long-simmering controversy over the removal of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee.
Controversies over Confederate symbols have been brewing around the country — most notably in South Carolina, where the Confederate flag was lowered from the state house grounds two years ago, and New Orleans, where statues came down earlier this year.
But in Charlottesville, the movement to remove a Lee statue and the backlash that followed have become particularly intense thanks to an ongoing court battle and questions over whether the city council has the authority to remove it.
Now, the planned removal of the statue became a rallying cause for the alt-right — and symbol of growing discontent.
One hundred years ago, in 1917, the 26-foot-high statue was commissioned by a philanthropist and given to the city along with the surrounding land in honor of their parents. The statue took seven years and three sculptors (the first one died) to complete. According to the city of Charlottesville's website, the statue was unveiled in 1924 by 100 cadets from the Virginia Military Institute who "paraded through the center of Charlottesville decorated with Confederate colors." The new statue was also reportedly greeted with loud cheers and a speech by then-president of "the University of Virginia Edwin Alderman and followed by parties and balls.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. The registration form from the Department of the Interior states that the sculpture "remains undisturbed in its original location. Charlottesville will undoubtedly keep it there, for the monument is a unique to the most eminent Confederate hero of all and an outstanding example of the outdoor sculpture of the late City Beautiful movement."
It is now doubtful — though still possible — that Charlottesville will "keep it there." In February, the city council voted 3-2 to sell the statue, ignoring the recommendation of a commission that suggested moving it.
A group called Virginia's Sons of Confederate Veterans sued the city, alleging it did not have the right to remove the statute since it was a war memorial. A related group, and others, filed a lawsuit in New Orleans to block the removal of a Gen. Lee statue as well as one of Jefferson Davis. A federal appeals court said that city could remove its Confederate monuments.
City Councilor Bob Fenwick, who cast a tie-breaking vote in Charlottesville in April (that vote allowed the city to sell the statue), hoped the city council's action would put to bed more than a year of heated debate in their city. "For now, it is now time for our city to rest," they said, according to the Richmond Times-Dispatch.
But that didn't happen. The movement against removal of the statue grew — there is a Facebook group to Save the Robert E. Lee Statue and call for donations to "fund litigation to preserve our monuments." The backlash to the planned removal culminated in a white nationalist rally last weekend, which used the planned removal as a rallying cause. It is important to note, however, that the group behind hte lawsuit, SVC, condemned the Charlottesville rallies. Chaplain-in-chief Ray Parker wrote on Facebook over the weekend: "I condemn in the strongest possible way the actions, words, and beliefs of the KKK and other white supremacist groups."
The statue has also been tagged with graffiti several times in the past few years, including with "black lives matter" and "native land."
In May, a judge granted a temporary injunction, which meant the statue could not be removed for next six months. So, for now, the statue is still standing in what used to be Lee Park. Only the city council also voted earlier this year to rename the park, an action that was upheld by a judge. Gen. Lee now, rather ironically, sits in Emancipation Park.
Megyn Kelly tickets draw more than Yankees box seats at auction The charity auction for a meet-and-greet to watch Megyn Kelly on their NBC morning show ended up outdrawing box seats at Yankee Stadium provided by YES to watch Giancarlo Stanton...
Private school auction prizes include lunch with Tom Brady Most people can only dream of breaking bread with Super Bowl MVP Tom Brady. But for parents at the Upper East Side private school Saint David's, hanging with the New...
That time Steve Jobs didn't even own a phone An employment application filled out in 1973 by the future Apple guru just sold for $174,757 through Boston-based RR Auction.
Mystery dinosaur goes up for auction LYON, France — The fossilized skeleton of an unidentified type of dinosaur is set to be auctioned in Paris in June and could fetch up to 1.8 million euros ($2.22...
2017 was a good year for art sales Investors the world over fell in love again with art last year. The amount of money spent on fine art rose 12 percent last year — its first gain after...
Steve Jobs' 1973 job application was appropriately minimalist Late last week, a 1973 job application from Steve Jobs went up for auction at RR Auction. Expected to fetch as much as $50,000 by the time the auction comes...
Record $2.9M paid for a camera at Vienna auction A snap-happy bidder paid a record $2.9 million for a camera — a 1923 Leica prototype, the auction house that sold the camera said Sunday. The German-made equipment – serial...
The 2018 Dubai Duty Free Irish Open hosted by the Rory Foundation at Ballyliffin Golf Club, Co. Donegal, got off to a spectacular start on Wednesday as stars of the celebrity and sporting world featured in the Pro Am competition which kicked off the tournament.
A total of 51 teams played the stunning links course on the Inishowen Peninsula, and they were led by 12 teams featuring representatives from Dubai Duty Free. Executive Vice Chairman and CEO of Dubai Duty Free, Colm McLoughlin joined 2015 Dubai Duty Free Irish Open champion, Søren Kjeldsen for their round.
It was the team led by the 2017 Dubai Duty Free Irish Open winner, Jon Rahm and featuring Dermot Davitt, Damien Fox and Brian King that won the morning competition finishing on -30. Rose Doyle had the nearest the pin for ladies while the longest drive for men was won by Mark Hamilton. Nearest the pin for men was won by former rugby player, Keith Wood.
The evening Pro Am I winning team was led by professional Chris Paisley who played with Barry McGrath, Mark Murnane and Philip McEnroe. They brought in a score of -33. The longest drive for ladies was won by Avril Fulton while Gerard Sproule won the men's longest drive. Nearest the pin for men was won by Jonathan Styles.
Some of the most famous names in sport were on the course to play in the curtain-raiser event, including tournament host Rory McIlroy who was joined on their team by JP McManus, Dermot Desmond and former jockey, Sir AP McCoy.
Other well-known faces spotted on the course were former Taoiseach Enda Kenny, actor James Nesbitt, former Boyzone star, Keith Duffy, Brian McFadden formerly of Westlife and Strictly Come Dancing star Anton du Beke. Sports stars who played included Keith Wood, Stephen Ferris, Paddy Wallace, Shay Given, Dennis Taylor, and GAA stars Kieran Donaghy and Michael Murphy.
Barry McGrath, Philip McEnroe and Mark Murnane pictured with Colm McLoughlin from Dubai Duty Free at the Dubai Duty Free Irish Open Pro-Am which was held at Ballyliffin Golf Club, Co. Donegal
Colm McLoughlin, Executive Vice Chairman and CEO of Dubai Duty Free, said; “That was a very good start to what promises to be a great week of golfing action at the Ballyliffin Golf Club for the Dubai Duty Free Irish Open. The standard of golf out there was very impressive, and it was great to partner with Søren Kjeldsen who won the first Dubai Duty Free Irish Open in 2015.”
“It's obvious from playing the course that this is going to challenge each and every player out there, and whoever emerges as the winner will have to play some truly top-class golf. At Dubai Duty Free we are proud to continue our sponsorship of this great event into its fourth year and delighted that the tournament has grown in stature.”
Attention now turns to the main attraction of the week as the 2018 Dubai Duty Free Irish Open hosted by the Rory Foundation tees off early on Thursday morning with Rory McIlroy aiming to claim back the title they won in 2016 and Jon Rahm defending their 2017 win.
Entertainment of Saturday, 7 October 2017
Source: adomonline.com
2017-10-07
play videoThe Multimedia Choir
After the loud cheers that welcomed their introduction, The Multimedia Choir, for few seconds kept the crowd in suspense and silent in anticipation of what they had to offer on the night.
They had been loud on, TV, radio, online. Now is the time for the real deal. If their attire was to be scored it would be 100%- a long colourful WearGhana outfit surely is a standout outfit for them.
But the crowd expected more than the outfit. Their voices in the song is now on trial. Will they pass the test.
Indeed sharing the stage with big acts from both Ghana and Nigeria is worthy enough to hit the headlines.
Led by animated Conductor, Samuel Nii Narku Dowuona, the Multimedia Choir, gave off an amazing performance at the Dome of Perez Chapel.
Energic Sarah Opare led the choir to minister the song titled ‘Rejoice' and it felt like they had another hidden talent in them as they performed flawlessly.
Them size never stood in their way neither did their long heel. They led the choir with their powerful voice rejoicing in glory to the Lord.
Patrons in the packed auditorium sprang onto their feet when the choir ministered their own rendition of the popular song ‘The Glory of the Lord is Coming Down”.
The changed the tempo to Hallelluya eh! and the crowd went excited.
The building virtually shook as every single soul sang along, danced until the choir left the stage to make way for the talented and celebrated Gospel diva, Celestine Donkor.
Indeed, as Adom Praiz has come to stay, so shall The Multimedia Choir!
NEW YORK (AP) — Americans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation. For others, a sense of a United States divided weighs heavy on its quintessential holiday.
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common. Festivities are as elaborate as Macy's July Fourth fireworks show, as gulp-worthy as Nathan's Famous hot dog eating contest and as easygoing as backyard barbecues. But in a country roiled with debate over what it means to be an American, there are even competing televised Independence Day events in the nation's capital.
The country's longest-running live national July Fourth TV tradition — PBS' broadcast of music and fireworks from the U.S. Capitol's West Lawn — is facing new counterprogramming from the White House, which is hosting its own concert and view of the National Park Service's fireworks show. Both shows feature different “American Idol” alums.
First lady Melania Trump said in a statement that the White House show would allow Americans to “tune in from their homes and be part of the festivities.” PBS declined to comment.
In New York, the Macy's fireworks show over the East River promises 25 minutes of sparkle and “ahhhh,” plus the West Point Band and entertainers including Kelly Clarkson, Ricky Martin and Keith Urban on NBC's broadcast. Earlier, competitive-eating titans will face off at Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest on Coney Island, televised by ESPN.
Meanwhile, some communities in the American West have canceled their planned July Fourth fireworks because of high wildfire danger, and some others are doing drone light displays instead of pyrotechnics. But fireworks shows will go ahead in such places as Denver and Colorado Springs.
In Boston, the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular features singer-songwriter Rachel Platten, the Indigo Girls, Rhiannon Giddens and Broadway legend Rita Moreno. It's televised on local station WHDH-TV and streamed on several sites.
In another July Fourth tradition, new U.S. citizens will be sworn in at locales around the country.
They'll pledge allegiance to a country where some people lament that the ability to debate respectfully the toughest issues of the day seems hopelessly lost. For Brad Messier, a chef in Portland, Maine, the holiday “seems to illustrate the glaring divides that we have.”
“How much does going and seeing fireworks really bring people together?” they ask.
But in rural Shelby County, Alabama, retired truck driver Floyd Champion views these as the best of times in America.
“I love the holiday because it's our independence,” they said.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
CLOSE In short time, Pete Shinnick has made UWF football a national success. Bill Vilona/bvilona@pnj.com
Buy Photo UWF wide receiver Kevin Grant hauls in a touchdown catch against Indiana (Pa.) on Saturday in Indiana, Pennsylvania. (Photo: Teri Enciso/PNJ correspondent)Buy Photo
The University of West Florida has caught the attention of ESPN for a second time in five weeks.
Wide receiver Kevin Grant's touchdown catch against the Indiana University of Pennsylvania in the NCAA Division II national semifinals was the No. 1 play on former NFL wide receiver Randy Moss' weekly “You Got Mossed” segment, which runs ahead of Monday Night Football.
Grant rose up over multiple IUP defenders to make the grab and give UWF a 24-0 lead in the third quarter.
Moss said of the catch: “Man, there's nothing you can do. He's taller than you ... Hey Kevin Grant, that was a nice catch. Keep doing your thing.”
.@CoachDeese guys making ESPN ✌🏽 times in the past ✋🏽 weeks! Don't jump with the #TallBoyz or you will get #Mossed Take Flight young man! @kevin_grant24 ✈️✈️✈️ pic.twitter.com/eWICwgmP8p — Kaleb Nobles (@CoachKNobles) December 12, 2017
The Argos (11-3) went on to win 27-17 and advance to the Division II national championship in Kansas City, Kansas.
It's the second time the Argos have been recognized by ESPN recently after Rodney Coates' one-handed touchdown catch against West Georgia landed in the Sportscenter Top 10 plays.
After a lengthy review, the call is confirmed. Grant mossed on #IUP there. #UWF leads No. 3 #IUP 24-0 with 9:42 left 3Q. #pnjsports — Eric Wallace (@EWall14) December 9, 2017
Eric Wallace can be reached at ejwallace@pnj.com or 850-525-5087
A two-year-old girl died Tuesday being struck by a car in a southwest Las Vegas hospital parking lot on April 23. (Gai Phanalasy / FOX5)
A two-year-old girl who was struck by a car on April 23 in southwest Las Vegas has been identified by the Clark County Coroner as Elika Korsaryan.
Korsaryan, 2, was a resident of Las Vegas and died of a blunt injury to the head, according to the coroner.
The coroner said the manner of Korsaryan's death was an accident.
Las Vegas police said that at around 3:13 p.m. that day, Korsaryan was walking with their family between cars at the St. Rose Pediatrics parking lot, near Buffalo Drive and the 215 freeway. A Mercedes-Benz was passing through the lot and hit them
[RELATED: Girl dies 15 days after being struck by car in Las Vegas hospital parking lot]
Korsaryan was taken to University Medical Center where they later died of their injuries on May 8.
Metro said the driver of the Mercedez Benz was a 35-year-old Las Vegas man who stayed on scene to report the collision. The driver complied with police.
Korsaryan was under the supervision of their mother when the incident happened.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Nearly 1,800 new jobs could be coming to southern Nevada in the next five years. The Las Vegas Global Economic Alliance announced that nine companies have plans to expand after the state approved incentives Thursday.
CVS, Sephora, KRS Global Biotechnology, Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers, 3PEA International, Pictographics, Alpha Guardian, Cannae Holdings, Inc. and Fortress Innovations were approved by the Nevada Governor's office of Economic Development board of directors. They plan to add 1,775 jobs total.
“The LVGEA and our partners in economic development are proud to announce the expansion of these nine companies - the largest number of projects our organization has ever presented in a single GOED board meeting,” LVGEA Chief Operating Officer Jared Smith said in release. “Nevada's pro-business climate, ready workforce, and strategic location encourages the growth of these dynamic companies choosing our region and strengthens our economy.”
CVS, a pharmacy chain, projected to add 500 jobs with an average wage of $25.73. Sephora, a cosmetic chain, projected to add 460 jobs with an average wage of $24.05. KRS Global Biotechnology, Inc., a pharmaceutical manufacturer, planned to add 320 jobs with an average wage of $25. Fortress Innovations, a paint distributor, projected to add 180 jobs with an average wage of $25.18.
"The Las Vegas Global Economic Alliance (LVGEA) is a public-private partnership dedicated to growing the economy in Southern Nevada through connectivity, community development, and strong business recruitment, retention and outreach. As Southern Nevada's regional development authority, the LVGEA's vision is to help residents thrive in a global economy by fostering a more prosperous, diverse and connected regional economy."
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Oceanside RCMP are looking for the public's help in an investigation into a significant theft of copper from a Nanoose Bay business.
The theft took place over the weekend of February 4th.
Thieves accessed the business located in the 1400 Block of Island Highway by scaling the fence.
Once inside the compound, they broke into a large outdoor bin.
It is estimated that more than a thousand pounds of copper was stolen from the bin at a scrap cost of $2500 to $5000.
The copper pieces, originally from industrial electric motors are a unique identifiable shape.
If you have seen a quantity of this rare copper, Oceanside RCMP would like to hear from you.
Contact Cst. DenHaan at (250) 248-6111 or report anonymously through Crime Stoppers at 1 (888) 222 8477
WASHINGTON, DC--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - WilmerHale is pleased to announce that Brian Boynton has returned to the firm as a partner following their service in the U.S. Department of Justice.
Mr. Boynton will be a member of the firm's Government and Regulatory Litigation Group and will be based in Washington, D.C.
Until earlier this year, Mr. Boynton served as a counselor to Attorney General Loretta Lynch. In that role, they helped the attorney general oversee the department's vast legal portfolio, including civil and Supreme Court litigation, antitrust and immigration matters, and litigation involving financial institutions.
They were involved in coordinating the Civil Division's defense of some of the most high-profile and significant matters before the department, including challenges to the Affordable Care Act, the Obama administration's immigration actions, agency guidance relating to gender identity discrimination and other administrative agency actions.
Before their role as a counselor to the attorney general, Mr. Boynton was a deputy assistant attorney general in the Office of Legal Counsel, the federal post they assumed when they left the WilmerHale partnership in 2014. At the OLC, Mr. Boynton provided advice to the White House and Executive Branch agencies on a wide range of complex constitutional, statutory and administrative law questions, and they were one of the leaders of the team that analyzed the constitutionality of proposed and enacted legislation.
"We enthusiastically welcome Brian back to the firm," said Robert Novick, a WilmerHale co-managing partner. "During their previous time at WilmerHale, Brian earned a well-deserved reputation for their exceptional judgment and analytical ability.  They are a versatile and superb litigator -- a brilliant lawyer who will serve clients across a wide range of areas, including the Administrative Procedure Act, breach of contract, antitrust, the False Claims Act, lending discrimination, the Lanham Act and electronic surveillance matters. He's not only a great lawyer but an outstanding colleague and mentor as well."
Of their return to the firm, Mr. Boynton said, "I am thrilled to be back at WilmerHale. I greatly value the firm's collegiality, respect for public service, commitment to providing exceptional client service and desire to take on the most complex and challenging matters. I very much look forward to working with this extraordinary group of lawyers and colleagues."
Mr. Boynton graduated summa cum laude from Dartmouth College in 1997 with a degree in economics. In 2000, they graduated Order of the Coif from Stanford Law School, where they were a notes editor of the Stanford Law Review. Before joining WilmerHale in 2002, Mr. Boynton served as a law clerk to then-Chief Judge Douglas Ginsburg of the United States Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit and to Judge Vaughn Walker of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California.
About Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP
WilmerHale provides legal representation across a comprehensive range of practice areas that are critical to the success of its clients. The law firm's leading Intellectual Property, Litigation/Controversy, Regulatory and Government Affairs, Securities, and Transactional Departments participate in some of the highest-profile legal and policy matters. With a staunch commitment to public service, the firm is renowned as a leader in pro bono representation. WilmerHale is 1,000 lawyers strong with 12 offices in the United States, Europe and Asia. For more information, please visit www.wilmerhale.com.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G135971/Images/Boynton-ba7850bd3d7ebae3bba5a0a17c84f440.jpg
A former youth soccer coach in the Las Vegas area accused of touching a girl inappropriately has been sentenced to four to 10 years in prison.
Agustin Ramirez-Rodriguez was sentenced Monday. They entered an Alford plea in February to a charge of attempted sexual assault with a minor under the age of 16.
An Alford plea means they acknowledged there was sufficient evidence to convict them but did not admit guilt.
Records show Ramirez-Rodriguez was arrested last year after a girl had accused them of touching them inappropriately as they massaged their injured leg during a soccer practice.
A police report shows the girl told authorities Ramirez-Rodriguez took them to their car after they hurt their leg, touched them and told them they needed to see them two more times.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
PI into murder of South Rd. pensioners winding down
Three more police ranks were called to testify yesterday when the preliminary inquiry (PI) into the murder of Phyllis Caesar and Constance Fraser, who were found, bound and gagged in their South Road, Georgetown home, continued before Principal Magistrate Judy Latchman.
Charged with their murder are Imran Khan called Christopher Khan, 25, of Independence Boulevard, Albouystown; Steven Andrews, 26, of 86 Hunter Street, Albouystown; and Phillip Suffrien, 23, of 66 Hunter Street, Georgetown.
It is alleged that they killed the elderly women between October 2 and 3, 2017 at Lot 243 South Road and Albert Street, Georgetown, during the course of a robbery.
Testifying yesterday were Detective Lance Corporal Desmond Johnny who is stationed at the Criminal Investigation Department (CID); Inspector Mohan Khan who is attached to the Special Anti Crime Unit at the Brickdam Police Station and Constable LeAndre Gillis, who is stationed at the Brickdam Police Station and attached to the Court Superintendent Office. Also testifying was former Police Corporal Derwin Eastman, who is currently on remand facing a murder charge. These witnesses were called to testify by Police Prosecutor Shawn Gonsalves.
After testifying, the witnesses were grilled with questions by Khan and Andrews, who are both unrepresented by counsel. Attorney-at-Law Saphier Hussein appeared in the interest of Suffrien.
The PI continues on Monday.
According to reports, the bound and gagged bodies of the two elderly women were found in their home by members of the South Road Full Gospel Assembly. The gruesome discovery was made after the women failed to attend a church service. Caesar was the church's caretaker, and had the code for the church alarm. They also kept the keys for a nearby school.
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officer in a file photo from 2014. ICE officials did not provide images or video of the operation in San Diego County.
Deportation officers arrested dozens of people in San Diego last week, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officials confirmed Tuesday.
The sweep targeted “individuals whose detainers were not honored and were encountered after their release from jail pursuant to SB-54,” ICE officials said in a written news release.
The arrests were made in Santee, Vista, Encinitas, Chula Vista, Escondido, Oceanside, San Diego and Imperial Beach, ICE officials said. The operation lasted five days and ended Friday, April 20.
Some of those arrested were charged with crimes ranging from vandalism and driving under the influence to hit and run or theft, ICE officials said.
Preliminary numbers provided by ICE indicate 44 undocumented immigrants from Mexico and Guatemala were taken into custody.
Some had been deported but re-entered the country illegally, ICE officials said.
“While we continue to face significant obstacles in dealing with so-called “sanctuary-city” polices [sic], which hinder cooperation with local law enforcement, we will continue our relentless pursuit of safeguarding communities, diligently enforcing the U.S. immigration laws,” Gregory Archambeault, Field Office Director of Enforcement and Removal Operations said in the news release.
If you know someone who was apprehended in the sweep, contact NBC 7 Investigates at (619) 578-0393 or send us a message via the NBC 7 Facebook page.
By Annie Reuter
Selena Gomez may have found a new career. The singer recently unveiled a hilarious clip with Coach where they play the role of a news anchor alongside Executive Creative Director Stuart Vevers. The 40-second snippet has Gomez perfecting their fake television laugh, discussing breaking news, reading traffic reports and much more.
Related: Selena Gomez Cast in Woody Allen's Next Project
Gomez first announced their partnership with Coach in December. In addition to filming parodies, the singer has collaborated with the brand to help design several bags, wristlets and leather accessories. For more on their collection at Coach, visit the designer's website and watch their hilarious parody below.
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – A woman found dead in a Dayton alley is identified Monday afternoon.
Natalie Jones, 26, of Dayton was found around 2 p.m. in between Fountain and Delaware Avenues.
Them cause of death has not yet been released and the Montgomery County Coroner's Office is working to determine whether it's a homicide or not.
2 NEWS is working to learn more about this situation. We will update this story with more information as we get it.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
A former inmate in Missouri was repeatedly raped by a prison guard before reporting the attacks to a mental health counselor — who also sexually assaulted her, according to a federal lawsuit.
Karen Backues Keil was released from the Chillicothe Correctional Center in February 2017 after a six-year prison stint for forgery and theft, but they still battle the stress and sorrow associated with “the hell” of being raped more than 20 times by prison guard Edward Bearden, their lawsuit alleges.
“I can't get over it,” Keil told the Kansas City Star. “It's there every second of the day. I have to think about it and I have to fight those thoughts in my head that I deserved this. And I didn't. Nobody deserves what I went through.”
Keil's lawsuit, which was filed earlier this week, claims Bearden — who still works at the 1,640-inmate, mixed-custody women's facility — began touching them inappropriately during pat-downs by groping their breasts and backside. That later escalated to repeated rapes between 2012 and 2015, according to their lawsuit.
Keil then sought help from a prison counselor following the alleged sexual assaults, but less than a month after they started therapy sessions with counselor John Thomas Dunn, they too began sexually assaulting her, the lawsuit claims.
Dunn, who pleaded guilty last year to sexual conduct with another prisoner, allegedly tried to downplay their own inappropriate actions while discussing the allegations against the guard, saying, “Did Bearden do it like this?”
Dunn also told Keil that they would likely be thrown into solitary confinement if they reported Bearden's alleged assaults to prison officials.
Dunn is set to be sentenced on June 12 after pleading guilty in April to sexual conduct with a prisoner. A prosecutor has recommended a four-year suspended prison sentence in that case, according to Chillicothe News. Keil's attorney, John Ammann, told the Kansas City Star that Keil was not involved in the incident.
An attorney for Dunn declined comment when reached by the newspaper, saying they had yet to fully review the allegations.
Bearden did not reply to messages at their home and the prison Tuesday, the Kansas City Star reports. A message seeking comment from Missouri Department of Corrections officials was not immediately returned Wednesday.
Keil said they tried to move on with their life after being released from prison but battled nightmares and the trauma associated with Bearden trying to contact them by asking their fellow inmates about their future plans. Bearden also allegedly asked if Keil was married or where they might work once out of custody. Keil felt empowered to speak out after seeing a therapist outside of prison, they said.
“I thought I could shove all this down inside me and not have to think about it again, but it just doesn't work that way,” Keil told the newspaper.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Irving Cliff is steep, and steeped in history.
The exposed rock face juts out above Honesdale some 400 feet from the ground. Town lore says Washington Irving — author of classic American stories such as “The Legend of Sleepy Hollow” and “Rip Van Winkle” — used to sit on the cliff overlooking Wayne County while they wrote.
What is fact is that the iconic landmark inspired Irving Cliff Brewery, established in 1851. A century and a half later, the brewery has come back to life and even crafts IPAs blended and named in honor of Irving's greatest works.
Brian Cobb, a lifelong Honesdale resident, serves as current proprietor of the brewery, which they reopened in 2014, about 100 years after it last functioned in town. As a craft beer and local history aficionado, Cobb seems a perfect fit for the business, which offers a full menu of pub fare, more than a dozen brews and a swig of local legends for those interested.
Cobb's background as a printer specializing in growlers for other beermakers led to the brewery acquisition. Many of their clients would invite them to tour their brewing operations, and they fell in love with the process. When they decided to open a brewery in their hometown, their research through newspaper and historical archives uncovered Irving Cliff's past.
Cobb familiarized themselves with the caverns at the base of the cliff, which used to be lagering space thanks to their cool temperatures for beer storage. They aren't used in Irving Cliff's present-day operation, but in order to become the authority on and keeper of the brewery's history, Cobb learned as much as they could about the company's evolution.
“I keep digging and finding more. I'm hoping one day my picture will be in history books along with these guys,” they said, holding a copy of their beer menu that features old photos of previous owners dating back to the 1800s.
Housed in a Chapel Street warehouse just off Main Street in downtown Honesdale, Irving Cliff includes a bar, private party room and additional seating (alongside the kettles and kegs) for about 100, plus room for live music on two small stages. (The brewery's namesake is visible just a few feet from its door, and Cobb frequently leads hikes to it on weekends.)
The menu of pub fare draws some influence from Cobb's Irish roots — namely in the Irish nachos and plenty of seafood supplied by Scranton's South Side Seafood — as well as standard bar favorites such as Fish and Chips, Irving Cliff Blue Ribbon Chili, wings, fried pickles and bison or beef burgers.
The brewery partners with local farmers to exchange fresh vegetables for spent grain, which their cows love. Irving Cliff also smokes its own brisket every weekend and features specials throughout the week, such as 1/2-pound lobster tails on Thursdays.
The beers, meanwhile, are well worth tasting and pair nicely with the food. Whether sampled in beer flights, served in pints at the bar or brought home in growlers, the creativity of their names and formulas tap into Honesdale's history.
There are nods to the local Stourbridge Line with High Gravity Railroad (a Belgian-style quad), Crazy Train Double IPA (full of hops), the Stourbridge Lion Blonde Ale (an easy drinker) and the Horatio Allen Stout (features roasted and chocolate malts and named for the first steam conductor).
Guests also can try seasonal brews such as Summer Camp Honey Ale, Honesdale Harvest and the Winter Wonderland Porter — a spiced Christmas beer that acknowledges Honesdale native Dick Smith, who wrote the lyrics to the hugely popular song. Washington Irving gets their due with Ichabod's Lost Pumpkin Ale (available seasonally) as well as Rip's Purple Magic (an award-winning wheat beer infused with raspberries and blueberries and colored by beets).
Irving Cliff beers have found a place in other local restaurants, such as Cooper's Seafood House, Backyard Ale House and the Keys Beer & Spirits in Scranton as well as the Settler's Inn in Hawley. Many of the blends were made with hops grown at a Tunkhannock farm, and the Wet Hop Beer — which goes right from bine to brew kettle to release a lot of aromatics — draws in fans from all over, Cobb said. They also plan to bring back some of the brewery's oldest styles, including cream ales.
The decor also pays homage to relics of the past, from the historic prints of Honesdale hung and sold in the bar to the old beer barrel rings found around the place.
Irving Cliff serves more than beer, with Pennsylvania craft spirits and small-batch wines available for those who have a taste, too.
Many visitors are surprised to learn Irving Cliff is a family-friendly place to grab a meal, they noted, but it does offer a children's food menu and kids' activities, including giant-sized Jenga and cornhole. Cobb's own son, Maksim, 15, is training to learn the craft from in-house brewmaster Gary Sadavage (a “very technical, mad beer scientist,” Cobb described), while their daughter, Sofia, 1 1/2, just comes for the food and company.
Running the brewery is no easy task, Cobb said, with most work days stretching to 15 hours or more. But the business continues to grow each year, partly because of the trendiness of small-batch breweries.
“We were the first brewery to open (in Honesdale) since 1914, and now there's three or four in our area. I think the continued growth of the whole brewery idea is good,” Cobb said, adding that the competition actually makes the area a destination for dedicated craft beer drinkers. “People love this.”
Contact the writer: pwilding@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9100 x5369; @pwildingTT on Twitter
Irving Cliff Brewery
Address: 2 Chapel St., Honesdale
Phone: 570-647-0644
Owner: Brian Cobb
Cuisine: Pub fare
Established: 1851 (Cobb has owned it since 2014)
Hours: Open daily at noon; weekdays, closes at 10 p.m.; weekends, closes at midnight
Online: Follow the brewery's Facebook and Instagram pages (@Irving
CliffBrewery).
The Women in Business Wire 2017-18 team who created the "30 Under 30" list. Women in Business/Courtesy Photo
The Women in Business (WIB) Wire has created the first ever “30 under 30: Cal Poly's Most Influential Women” list. Inspired by the Forbes “30 under 30,” the goal of this list is to find and recognize 30 women younger than 30 who are leaving an impact on Cal Poly.
The Wire is an affiliate of the Cal Poly WIB and aims to highlight women's perspectives and draw attention to women that work toward closing the gender gap. Its mission is to empower women through stories about women who are doing impactful work on this campus, including both students and professors. Articles on the WIB Wire also cover topics about women in the industry.
“If you look at your Snapchat or your Instagram or literally any kind of social media, a lot of those articles that are targeted toward us are Cosmopolitan type stuff,” business administration sophomore and WIB Wire editor Anjana Melvin said.
Melvin was inspired to create this list when they heard about a woman architecture student who was building a center for women and children in Rwanda for their senior project.
“I thought that was really cool and I don't think that you can hear about all of the cool things that women are doing unless you know them,” Melvin said.
Nominations for “30 Under 30” were made through a form posted on Cal Poly class Facebook pages and The WIB Wire website. Melvin was pleased to see that nominations included representation from all over campus.
Political science sophomore Rosa Elena López is one of the women featured on the list.
“I was really ecstatic and just honored to be recognized by such a wonderful organization on campus that really works to promote women in the workplace and empower them most of all,” López said.
López made the list for their involvement with multiple clubs on campus and for receiving one of WIB's “Defining Them Future” scholarships.
“I think [the list is] a great way to showcase some of the wonderful students we have on this campus and all of the many things that they are involved in and that they do,” Lopez said about the list.
Electrical engineering senior and president of Society of Women Engineers Melinda Ong said they were honored to make the list and is impressed by WIB for having a program that recognizes women.
“I think it's to diversify the face of this campus by recognizing women from all of the different colleges,” Ong said.
30 under 30 by The WIB Wire on Exposure
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Older Americans with less money and education are much more like to suffer from chronic pain than wealthier adults with more education.
Now a new study suggests the disparity is even greater than previously believed—as much as 370 percent greater in some categories.
“People with lower levels of education and wealth don't just have more pain, they also have more severe pain.”
The results, based on 12 years of data from more than 19,000 subjects aged 51 and older, excluding those diagnosed or treated for cancer, provide several kinds of bad news about chronic pain in the United States.
Chronic pain levels are also rising by time period, not just by age, meaning people who were in their 60s in 2010 reported more pain than people who were in their 60s in 1998.
“There are a lot of pressures right now to reduce opioid prescription,” says Hanna Grol-Prokopczyk, assistant professor of sociology at the University at Buffalo. “In part, this study should be a reminder that many people are legitimately suffering from pain.
“Health care providers shouldn't assume that someone who shows up in their office complaining of pain is just trying to get an opioid prescription. We have to remember that pain is a legitimate and widespread problem.”
The study also serves as an argument for investing more into research for other treatments, Grol-Prokopczyk says.
“We don't have particularly good treatments for chronic pain. If opioids are to some extent being taken off the table, it becomes even more important to find other ways of addressing this big public health problem.”
Tens of millions of American adults experience chronic pain. A 2011 Institute of Medicine report (now the National Academy of Science Health and Medicine Division) noted that chronic pain affects more people and costs the economy more money than heart disease, cancer, and diabetes combined. Yet most research on the condition has asked only whether people had chronic pain or did not.
The new study, published in the journal Pain, is among the first to look beyond either the presence or absence of chronic pain to examine instead matters of degree, asking whether the pain was mild, moderate, or severe.
Grol-Prokopczyk's research, based on the Health and Retirement Study, which asked participants if they were “often troubled with pain,” also follows the same subjects over 12 years, as opposed to most studies that illuminate a particular point in time.
“I found that people with lower levels of education and wealth don't just have more pain, they also have more severe pain,” they say. “I also looked at pain-related disability, meaning that pain is interfering with the ability to do normal work or household activities. And again, people with less wealth and education are more likely to experience this disability.”
People with the least education are 80 percent more likely to experience chronic pain than people with the most. Looking exclusively at severe pain, subjects who didn't finish high school are 370 percent more likely to experience severe chronic pain than those with graduate degrees.
“If you're looking at all pain—mild, moderate, and severe combined—you do see a difference across socioeconomic groups. And other studies have shown that. But if you look at the most severe pain, which happens to be the pain most associated with disability and death, then the socioeconomically disadvantaged are much, much more likely to experience it.”
More research needs to be done to understand why pain is so unequally distributed in the population, but it's critical to keep the high burden of pain in mind in light of concern over the current opioid epidemic, Grol-Prokopczyk says.
“If we as a society decide that opioid analgesics are often too high risk as a treatment for chronic pain, then we need to invest in other effective treatments for chronic pain, and/or figure out how to prevent it in the first place.”
Source: University at Buffalo
Well before Oregon legalized marijuana, its verdant, wet forests made it an ideal place for growing the drug, which often ended up being funneled out of the state for big money. Now, officials suspect pot grown legally in Oregon and other states is also being smuggled out, and the trafficking is putting America's multibillion-dollar marijuana industry at risk.
DETROIT (AP) — A Detroit-area doctor charged with performing genital mutilation on two 7-year-old girls denied the allegations through their lawyer Monday, insisting that they conducted a benign religious ritual for families of a Muslim sect.
Shannon Smith's defense of Dr. Jumana Nagarwala contradicted the government's position that the Minnesota girls were forced to undergo a painful, bloody procedure at a Michigan clinic that left them with scars and lacerations on their genitals. It's the first time someone has been charged with violating a U.S. ban on genital mutilation.
Smith's explanation emerged during a hearing to determine whether Nagarwala would stay locked up without bond, following their arrest last week. After hearing arguments, a judge said they were a threat to the public and refused to release them
“They were the last in a long line of children cut by the defendant,” Assistant U.S. Attorney Sara Woodward said of the two girls who were accompanied to the Livonia clinic by their mothers.
Smith said it is Nagarwala's “absolute position” that they didn't mutilate genitals as alleged by the government or even cause bleeding. They said mucous was removed from the girls in February, and the gauze was given to the family for burial.
Nagarwala is a member of the Dawoodi Bohra community, a Muslim sect concentrated mostly in India, Smith said. Federal investigators have said the families of the Minnesota girls also belong to the sect.
The Bohras are an affluent community of about one million people concentrated mostly in Mumbai, India, but also seen across the U.S. and Europe. Within the sect, the practice of female circumcision remains a divisive issue, although supporters defend the ritual.
Smith partly blamed the allegations against Nagarwala on a “political divide” within the group's mosque in Oakland County, Michigan. They didn't elaborate.
U.S. Magistrate Judge Mona Majzoub aggressively questioned the attorney, sometimes with a skeptical tone. They asked why a so-called religious custom was being performed in a medical clinic after business hours and wondered why Nagarwala appeared to be the “go-to person.”
“She was familiar with the religious procedure. … It does not have to be done by a physician,” Smith replied. “I believe my client wanted it to be as sanitary, as clean as possible.”
Nagarwala, 44, stood silently next to their attorney, wearing a head scarf and shoulder cape over their jail clothes.
“This is going to be a complex” case, Smith said.
The judge replied: “I agree with you.”
In arguing that Nagarwala should remain in jail, prosecutors didn't disclose many new details. Woodward said investigators believe they have performed genital mutilation in Michigan as far back as 2005, although an exact number was not known.
The World Health Organization said the practice of removing or injuring female genital organs has no known health benefits. Yet it has been performed on more than 200 million women and girls in 30 countries, according to the WHO.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Imax Corp.'s stock had tumbled fast to a four-year low amid concerns over a disappointing start to the summer movie season, so the theater chain made a choice: It would take action to make investors happy, even at the expense of employees.
The company announced this week a new $200 million stock-repurchase program with board authorization through June 2020. At Monday's closing price of $24, which was the lowest close since June 24, 2013, the program would allow Imax to buy back 8.33 million shares, or 12.5% of the shares outstanding.
That helps reward shareholders, as reducing the share count increases earnings per share, while introducing an additional buyer supports market valuation.
However, some of that reward will come at the expense of employees, as the theater-chain operator said it expected to lay off 100 employees, or about 14% of its workforce. That's one in every seven Imax employees.
The job cuts are part of Imax's plan to reduce costs by $20 million a year, with savings starting to take effect in the third quarter.
The robbing-Peter-to-pay-Paul strategy seemed to work, at least in the short term. The stock, which had lost almost a third of its value in less than three months, surged as much 8.1% during the Tuesday session before it pared that gain to close up 5.2%. It tacked another 2.1% on to the rally early Wednesday, before ending the day slightly in the red, at $25.10.
Read more: What's behind Imax's box-office woes?
As the chart below shows, however, Imax's problems may run deeper than a prospective soft summer box office, so the company may have to do more than move money around to boost the stock over the longer term.
FactSet, MarketWatch
The company didn't respond to a request for comment. But, as one might expect, Wall Street analysts cheered the company's presumably difficult choice.
J.P. Morgan analyst Alexia Quadrani said that while the size of the job reduction was “notable,” they didn't expect it to have “any material impact” on operations. Quadrani indicated, however, that any “positive” impact from the announcements may be fleeting, as they believe, they said, “concerns around near-term box office trends are likely to continue to weigh on the stock.”
Analyst Eric Wold at B. Riley reiterated their buy rating on Imax, saying they expect the job cuts to help reduce the risk to results from box-office volatility.
Laying off employees while buying back stock isn't a new concept, as MarketWatch's Sniff Test column has pointed out before. While it often provides a near-term boost for shareholders, it is uncertain whether it pays off over the longer term.
In September 2015, Hewlett-Packard Co. said it was laying off up to 30,000 people, the biggest job-cut announcement of the year till that point, but it indicated in the same statement that it could spend $700 million on share repurchases. The stock rallied 5% a day after the announcement.
A couple of weeks later, Bebe Stores Inc. BEBE, -2.36% said it would slash its workforce by nearly 2% to save about $4.8 million a year but reported in the same release that it would spend up to $5 million to buy back shares. The stock ran up 7.6% a day after that announcement.
Hewlett-Packard split up about a month after the announcement, with the remaining HP Inc.'s stock HPQ, -1.92% rallying more than 40% since the announcement and Hewlett-Packard Enterprise Co. shares HPE, -0.83% climbing some 35% since the October 2015 split.
Meanwhile, Bebe's stock has lost nearly half its value since the announcement, while being forced to enact a 1-for-10 reverse stock split to keep the share price above the $1 threshold for maintaining a Nasdaq listing. In April, the mall-based apparel retailer said it would close all of its stores.
Don't miss: Bebe manages to avoid bankruptcy as it shutters stores
FactSet, MarketWatch
Imax's circumstances may differ in significant ways from either example, but a snap-back rally in the stock doesn't necessarily mean the company has made the right choice.
As a Fairfield University professor said after Bebe's and Hewlett-Packard's announcements, “Whenever a company is laying off employees, something is not going the way it wanted it to.”
Syrian state TV reports government forces have launched a new operation, targeting underground tunnels used by Islamic state in the capital city, Damascus.
The UN estimates around 6,000 Palestinian refugees are in Yarmouck in southern Damascus, the city's last area not controlled by President Bashar Assad's forces.
The country's state televsion claims they're aiming to destory dug out trenches and tunnels in the Hajar al-Aswad nieghbourhood and the nearby Palestnian refugee camp of Yamouk, mostly controlled by IS.
A group of nearby journalists confirmed they witnessed intense shelling and airstrikes on IS positions.
Jaysh Al-Islam, a coalition of Islamist rebels, have repeatedly refused to hand over their positions to the Syrian Army and their Palestinian Allies.
Other insurgents in the area, including an al-Qaida-linked group, have said they'd relocate to rebel-held regions in northern Syria.
The head of the UN agency for Palestinian refugees, UNRWA, said its deeply concerned for civilians in the area.
It's on the same day as the EU and UN meet in Brussels to discuss possbile resolutions to the on-going Syrian civil war crisis.
Detroit Pistons center Andre Drummond 0) dunks the ball against the Miami Heat during the first half of an NBA basketball game Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Detroit.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) – A woman is in serious, but stable condition following a Tuesday morning shooting on the city's northeast side.
The shooting happened just before 2 a.m. in the 3400 block of Maura Lane.
Police on the scene say the woman who was shot was inside a home at the time of the shooting and that the bullets came from outside the residence.
The female victim was transported to the hospital for treatment.
Police have not released information on possible suspects.
3M Co. investors were bracing for a poor start to 2018, but they probably weren't expecting it to be this rough.
The maker of Post-it notes plunged Tuesday after rising costs and weak demand for automotive and dental products prompted cuts to this year's sales and profit forecasts. The revision came about a month after the company said organic growth was being hurt by challenges in the vehicle and consumer-electronics markets.
The diminished outlook adds to the pressures on 3M as it prepares for a transition at the top. The company said last month that Chief Operating Officer Michael Roman will take over for Inge Thulin as chief executive officer in July. Profit is also taking a hit from increased prices rise for crude oil and freight transportation.
“While a slower first quarter was telegraphed in March, weaker margins were not, and neither was a guidance cut to the high end of the range,” Steve Tusa, an analyst at JPMorgan Chase & Co., said in a report. “There are more questions than answers here now.”
For a Gadfly column on the threat to new 3M CEO's honeymoon, click here
3M tumbled 7.1 percent to $200.49 at 10:27 a.m. in New York after sinking as much as 7.3 percent for the biggest intraday decline since Feb. 5. The stock logged the biggest drop by far on the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
The shares fell 8.3 percent this year through Monday, compared with a decline of less than 1 percent for a Standard & Poor's index of industrial companies.
Earnings Outlook
Adjusted earnings this year will be $10.20 to $10.55 a share, down 15 cents on the top end, the St. Paul, Minnesota-based company said in a statement. Analysts had been anticipating $10.53 a share, according to the average of estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Organic revenue will rise by no more than 4 percent, 3M said, down a percentage point from the previous forecast.
3M reported adjusted earnings in the first quarter of $2.50 a share, matching analysts' estimates. The profit was 98 cents a share on the basis of generally accepted accounting principles. That included an $897 million charge related to the settlement of a lawsuit with Minnesota over allegations that a former Scotchgard ingredient tainted drinking water.
Including the settlement and the impact of the U.S. tax overhaul, 3M said 2018 profit will be $8.68 to $9.03 a share.
“We see warning signs flashing at the operating level,” Deane Dray, an analyst at RBC Capital Markets, said in a note to clients. “While this guidance cut is relatively small, the implications are magnified, given that it is happening so early in the year.”
If anyone knows how easily voting can be disrupted, it's a county election supervisor in the state of Florida. That's one reason several dozen of them gathered in Orlando recently to discuss ways to protect against the most recent threat — cyberattacks by Russia or others intent on disrupting U.S. elections.
Marion County elections supervisor Wesley Wilcox said they realize the threat has evolved far beyond the butterfly ballots and hanging chads that upended the 2000 presidential race. And even beyond the lone hacker.
"It's no longer the teenager in their basement eating Cheetos that's trying to get into my system," said Wilcox. "There are now nation states that are, in a coordinated effort, trying to do something."
CIA Director Mike Pompeo is the latest intelligence official to warn the Russians will likely try to interfere in this year's elections, as they did in 2016. And Florida was among at least 21 states that intelligence agencies say had their election systems probed by Russian hackers during the last election cycle.
There's no evidence that any votes were affected, but everyone at the Orlando meeting was well aware that they're now on the front lines of a serious international conflict.
"The reality is all of us are going to be impacted at some point in time by a cyber incident. All of us," Matt Masterson, chairperson of the U.S. Election Assistance Commission, told the group. Their agency is working with states and localities to beef up election security.
Masterson displayed a news article about hackers targeting nuclear facilities to drive home the significance of the threat.
"I share this because you're now in good company," they said. "As part of the nation's critical infrastructure, you're now in a group with nuclear facilities."
The Department of Homeland Security last year designated elections as part of the nation's critical infrastructure.
Since 2000, most jurisdictions have replaced their old equipment with more computerized systems, including electronic voting machines, vote tabulators and on-line registration systems. Ryan Macias of the Election Assistance Commission said new technology carries new risks and vulnerabilties.
"We have denial of service, which is a disruption attack, your website going down," they said, noting that if that happens on Election Day, it can shake voter confidence, even if no actual votes have been changed.
They said it's also important to make sure that vendors and contractors are using secure systems. And to screen temporary election workers who might have access to sensitive information and passwords.
Ransomware is another problem. "What happens if somebody takes your data, takes your election night reporting data, and holds it ransom on election night?" Macias asked. "What are you going to do? How are you going to recover from that? What are you backup processes?"
The election supervisors and some of their IT staffers broke into small groups to work out their responses to several hypothetical attacks. They had to figure out whom to call first, how to contain the damage and whom to tell about the incident. Should law enforcement be informed?
"Alright, so it appears one of our employees has been successfully phished," Will Boyett, of the Alachua County elections office, said in presenting one of the scenarios.
Phishing attacks are something most of the people in the room are very familiar with. According to a leaked intelligence report, Russian hackers, posing as a Florida vendor, tried to get local election office workers to open e-mail attachments containing malicious software. So far, there's no evidence anyone did.
It was clear that many of those gathering in Orlando already have protections in place and are well aware of the risks. But some county election offices are extremely small, with no IT staff of their own. Dana Southerland runs elections in Taylor County, which has only 13,000 voters. They said they picked up some useful tips, such as changing passwords and being careful about opening e-mails.
"Making sure that it's not a phishing e-mail or something like that. I had no idea what that was until we started having some of these workshops," they said.
Southerland — who is also President of the Florida State Association of Supervisors of Elections and helped organize the session — said perhaps the most important message is that no one is immune from attack, and they have to be prepared.
If you head to the emergency room, do you ask each doctor if they're in your insurance network? If you don't, you could end up with a $16,000 bill, just like one New Jersey woman did. Consumer reporter Lynda Baquero explains. (Published 44 minutes ago)
If you head to the emergency room, do you ask each doctor if they're in your insurance network? If you don't, you could end up with a $16,000 bill... See More
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (Project Syndicate) — On the surface, United States Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer appears to have made an ironclad case against China in the so-called Section 301 report issued on March 22.
Laid out in a detailed 182-page document (which, with 1,139 footnotes and five appendices, would make any legal team blush with pride), the USTR's indictment of China on charges of unfair trading practices regarding technology transfer, intellectual property, and innovation seems both urgent and compelling. It has quickly been accepted as foundational evidence in support of the tariffs and other punitive trade measures that President Donald Trump's administration has initiated against China in recent months. It is powerful ammunition in a potential trade war.
Also from Stephen Roach: How to lose a trade war
But don't be fooled. The report is wide of the mark in several key areas.
First, it accuses China of “forced technology transfer,” arguing that U.S. companies must turn over the blueprints of proprietary technologies and operating systems in order to do business in China. This transfer is alleged to take place within the structure of joint-venture arrangements — partnerships with domestic counterparts which China and other countries have long established as models for the growth and expansion of new businesses.
Currently, there are more than 8,000 joint ventures operating in China, compared to a total of over 110,000 joint ventures and strategic alliances that have been set up around the world since 1990.
Significantly, U.S. and other multinational corporations willingly enter into these legally negotiated arrangements for commercially sound reasons — not only to establish a toehold in China's rapidly growing domestic markets, but also as a means to improve operating efficiency with a low-cost offshore Chinese platform.
Portraying U.S. companies as innocent victims of Chinese pressure is certainly at odds with my own experience as an active participant in Morgan Stanley's joint venture with the China Construction Bank (and a few small minority investors) to establish China International Capital Corp. in 1995.
Yes, as we joined with our partners in creating China's first investment bank, we shared our business practices, proprietary products, and distribution systems. Yet, contrary to the assertions of the USTR, we were hardly forced into these arrangements. We had our own commercial objectives and wanted to build a world-class financial services firm in China.
By the time we sold our stake in 2010 — at a rather attractive return to Morgan MS, -0.35% shareholders, I might add — CICC was well on its way to attaining those goals.
The second area where the USTR's Section 301 report is problematic is its portrayal of China's focus on outward investment — its “going out” strategy — as a unique state-directed plan aimed at gobbling up newly emerging U.S. companies and their proprietary technologies.
In fact, the report devotes more than twice as many pages to charges concerning China's supposed external technology theft via such acquisitions — which are framed as a blatant grab for America's most precious assets — as it does to internal transfers through joint ventures and alleged unfair licensing practices.
As such, the Made in China 2025 campaign is presented as prima facie evidence of a devious socialist plot to attain global dominance in the great industries of the future: autonomous vehicles, high-speed rail, advanced information technologies and machine tools, exotic new materials, biopharma and sophisticated medical products, as well as new power sources and advanced agricultural equipment.
Never mind that industrial policies are a time-tested strategy for developing countries seeking to avoid the dreaded middle-income trap by shifting from imported to indigenous innovation. China is accused by the USTR of sponsoring a unique strain of state-directed, heavily subsidized industrial policy unfairly aimed at snatching competitive supremacy from free and open market-based systems like the U.S., which are supposedly playing by different rules.
Yet even developed countries have relied on industrial policy to achieve national economic and competitive objectives. It was central to Japan's so-called planned rational development state, which underpinned its rapid growth in the 1970s and the 1980s. The Ministry of International Trade and Industry perfected the art of state-subsidized credit allocation and tariffs to protect Japan's sunrise industries, an effort that was matched by Germany's equally impressive Wirtschaftswunder, augmented by strong support for the Mittelstand of small and medium-size enterprises.
And, of course, it was U.S. President Dwight Eisenhower who in 1961 drew attention to America's powerful military-industrial complex as the linchpin of state-sponsored, taxpayer-funded innovation in the U.S. NASA-related spinoffs, the internet, GPS, breakthroughs in semiconductors, nuclear power, imaging technology, pharmaceutical innovations, and more: all are important and highly visible manifestations of industrial policy the American way.
The U.S. simply does it though its federal defense budget — where outlays of close to $700 billion this year is more than the combined total earmarked for defense in China, Russia, the United Kingdom, India, France, Japan, Saudi Arabia, and Germany.
Yes, the USTR is entirely correct in underscoring the role that innovation plays in shaping any country's future. But to claim that China alone relies on industrial policy as a means toward this end is the height of hypocrisy.
Cyber-espionage is the third leg of the stool in the USTR's case against China. In this area, there can be no mistaking the evidence underscoring the role played by China's People's Liberation Army as a major actor in cyber intrusions directed at U.S. commercial interests.
These problems were, in fact, so serious that President Barack Obama presented top-secret evidence of state-sponsored computer hacking to President Xi Jinping in September 2015. Since then, most reports point to a reduction in Chinese incursions. Unfortunately, the evidence cited in the USTR report in support of cyber-related trade violations largely predates that confrontation.
In short, the USTR's seemingly impressive Section 301 report is a biased political document that has further inflamed anti-China sentiment in the U.S. As a result, Chinese-sponsored intellectual property theft is now taken as a given by an America that increasingly sees itself as a victim.
Yes, like the rest of us, the Chinese are tough competitors, and they don't always play by the rules. For that, they need to be held accountable. But the case made by the USTR is an embarrassing symptom of a scapegoat mentality that has turned America into a nation of whiners.
This article was published with permission of Project Syndicate — America's Weak Case Against China.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TOPEKA, Kan. -- Darrel Rosebury has been tinkering on things since they were a kid.
They started on toys, then lawnmowers, then motorcycles. They love all things mechanical.
Now as a retired HVAC sheet metal worker, Rosebury has found another outlet -- and you don't need to look any further than their living room, and their kitchen, and yes, their basement.
Rosebury tinkers on juke boxes -- a lot of juke boxes -- shipped from all over for them to repair and restore or juke boxes he's found on their own.
"Yeah, I kind of created my own monster," they said, laughing.
Their home near Topeka is jam packed, and he's a walking encyclopedia of every piece in that home -- whether it's a disco-era juke box or an old movie projector or a phonograph.
Sure Rosebury makes money at it, but mostly it's their love of working on mechanical things that give the user so much pleasure.
"It's something about sitting there, waitin' for you," they said. "You drop a coin in it, and it works for you."
And restoring the sound is just as important as the shell. Rosebury prides themselves in making the old juke boxes work again, and then either shipping them back to their owner or selling them to other enthusiasts.
They don't expect to ever stop "tinkering."
"I like to be busy," they said.
Thankfully, for those who share their love of mechanical music boxes of the past.
The 2016-17 campaign has been a season that keeps on giving — and I don't want it to end after four points from the two Easter matches.
Steve Evans' breath of fresh air and positivity that has blown through the club since they took over in November means Mansfield Town remain firmly in the play-off race.
Just when many fans were resigned to missing out on a place in the top seven after unlucky defeats against promotion rivals Exeter and then Doncaster, the Stags have bounced back in style.
The 1-0 victory at Wycombe Wanderers on Good Friday followed by the 1-1 Easter Monday home draw with Luton Town, both promotion rivals, met Evans's four-point target from the holiday weekend.
Yes, everyone was disappointed by Luton's debatable penalty equaliser on Monday — the second successive home game when a crucial spot-kick decision has gone against the Stags and cost them vital points.
But the point meant that since Evans took charge the Stags have taken 43 from 27 matches — in other words, promotion form.
If they can repeat that in the last three matches, they could still make the play-offs, although it won't be easy.
The Stags, two points outside the play-offs, have trips to Stevenage, on Saturday, and Crawley sandwiched by the visit of Portsmouth left.
They are one of six clubs outside the top seven still with a realistic chance of making the promotion shake-up.
What an amazing end to the season it is — one that seemed light years away when Evans arrived with the Stags 18th after winning just once in 11 matches.
Evans — with the backing of equally-ambitious owner John Radford through initiative like ticket offers — has given the fans an exciting rollercoaster ride over the past five months with many thrilling matches at the One Call Stadium.
The finale on Easter Monday as the Stags fought back to press for a late winner was another action-packed, nailbiting occasion as Evans delivered on their promise from day one to play football on the front foot and be positive.
That spirit of adventure has brought the fans back and Mansfield Town Football Club has its supporters believing in better times.
On the day Evans arrived in November, I remember immediately telling friends we would make the play-offs.
I was laughed at because of the Stags' poor league form and position in the table.
I will stick by my prediction — and would love to be laughing at Wembley in May.
What do the Las Vegas massacre, the Charleston church shooting and last weekend's Islamist stabbing of two Frenchwomen have in common? The murderers' sense of inadequate recognition, and the primal lure of the ecstasy of killing.
Acts of deadly terror are in fashion, the default position for a wide range of frustrated egotists. From lone-wolf Islamists enabled by faith, through punk racists, to a high-stakes gambler who craved casino perks — slum-dweller, misfit or property owner — these terrorists shared a sense that their societies wouldn't give them their due.
Too much has been made of the measure of wealth amassed by Stephen Paddock, the calculating demon of Las Vegas. You can be a high roller at the gaming table and still be the guy the cocktail waiteres loathe. While we may learn that the killer was mad about gambling debts or another trigger issue, years of watching mass-casualty attacks convinces me that their ego and need for recognition just couldn't be satisfied by the casino VIP benefits they embraced. They needed a starring role in a vengeful drama.
Paddock spent decades moving from one job to another, never quite fitting in, until they found a way to profit from real estate. Even then, they made few friends and seemed remote and rootless to neighbors. The old folks were right: Money can't buy happiness.
As with Dylann Roof, who entered a black church and went on a racist rampage, or with any of the Islamist lone wolves who drove vehicles into crowds or simply attacked with knives, I believe that Paddock felt slighted by the world around him, unjustly marginalized — a condition doubtless aggravated by our corrupting sense of entitlement. Their lack of a motivating ideology reveals the angry ego at the core of so much terrorism.
The 19th-century German philosopher G.W.F. Hegel noted that all human beings crave recognition. But our ancestors were content with less than we are; they weren't tantalized by reports of celebrity lifestyles. In our have-it-all, you're-entitled culture, millions feel alienated and left behind.
Fortunately, only a microscopic number succumb to the impulse to murder others as acts of self-affirmation, of self-actualization. For that, thank civilization, which is endlessly at war against our instincts. We've been “re-educated” to believe that killing is unnatural — but consider how little it takes to turn “civilized” human beings into a deadly mass that celebrates a foe's extermination.
The “Iliad,” a founding document of our civilization, is a lengthy celebration of the ecstasy of thrusting spears into the bellies or backs of one's opponents. The most striking images in that gory epic luridly describe the act of killing — and the victor's delight. And our other basic texts, from the “Nordic Sagas” to “Beowulf,” are anything but peace-loving.
If we cannot admit to ourselves that, at a primal level, killing is an ecstatic joy for at least some humans, that taking the lives of others is the ultimate empowerment, we'll never understand why a 64-year-old man sneaked an arsenal into a hotel and methodically slaughtered 59 human beings, leaving over 500 others injured. Killing other human beings is as close as we get to being gods.
And once the killing starts, it turns into rapture. Mass murderers don't stop of their own volition. They keep killing until they themselves are gunned down or disabled, or until they run out of ammunition or face capture and take their own lives. For those exultant moments of slaughter, the killer is the master of us all.
Certainly, there are religious terrorists for whom faith eclipses ego, the true believers. Others may have a sense of self-sacrifice for a political goal, however misguided. But if we truly wish to understand the lone wolves, from the Mandalay Bay Hotel to the Marseilles train station, we will not succeed as long as we cling to politically correct drivel about humanity's inherent pacifism.
For years, I've warned lecture audiences that the purpose of military discipline isn't to get young men to kill — that's easy. The purpose is to get them to stop killing when ordered to do so. In their room on the 32nd floor of that Vegas hotel, Stephen Paddock was enjoying the thrill of their life.
All of these lone wolves have a message for us: “I'm somebody. And now I'm going to show you who I am.”
Ralph Peters is Fox News' strategic analyst and the author of the recent book, “Judgment at Appomattox.”
Each summer, the Belfast branch of the North of Ireland Family History Society has an outing to several places of interest. For a number of years a guide was produced covering all sorts of things: history, notable people, customs, churchyards (the members are amateur genealogists and like nothing more than mossy old tombstones) and many other aspects of life.
One such aspect was that everywhere seemed to have a poet or songwriter. This is the first instalment of a quick tour round the counties to remind us of the pleasure that such people give us.
Co Antrim:
Some time ago I was researching Andrew Kennedy, JP, CC (1843-1926) of Tullyreagh House, Glarryford, a son of Andrew Kennedy and Elizabeth Given. In trying to disentangle the various Given families of Cullybackey and elsewhere, with various spellings, I came across Elizabeth's cousin John Given (1813-1883), principal of Cullybackey National School and then Ballymena Model School. They did much write, including poems.
They had a contemporary, James Given, also of Cullybackey, who, with their wife Jane McKee, had, inter alia, three sons: Patrick, Samuel Fee and Thomas. The older two died in their twenties, but not before the three of them had written a number of poems, which Thomas published in 1900 as Poems from College and Country.
I never succeeded in unravelling the Kennedys and Givens to my satisfaction, but I was able to inform the lady for whom I was doing the research that they were related to the 21st American President, Chester Alan Arthur (1829-1886) – a second cousin of Elizabeth Given.
It did, however, make me want to find out a little more about the Ulster Weaver Poets of Antrim and Down, such as James Orr of Ballycarry (1770-1816), who was a United Irishman and whose Ulster-Scots verses, such as The Passenger, the first verse of which is given here, tell of the plight of the exiles after 1798.
How calm an' cozie is the wight,
Frae cares an' conflicts clear ay,
Whase settled headpiece never made,
Their heels or han's be weary!
Perplex'd is they whase anxious schemes
Pursue applause, or siller,
Success nor sates, nor failure tames;
Bandied frae post to pillar
Is he, ilk day.
Belfast:
While we are on the subject of the 1798 Rebellion, most of the leading United Irishmen were Belfast Presbyterians involved in the linen trade, but there were also two Southern Anglicans, Theobald Wolfe Tone and Thomas Russell, Librarian of the Linenhall Library and known as The Man from God Knows Where, immortalised in the verses of Florence Wilson (1874-1946), of which the first is:
Into our townlan', on a night of snow,
Rode a man from God-knows-where
None of us bade them stay or go,
Nor deemed them friend, nor damned them foe,
But we stabled their big roan mare:
For in our townlan' we're a decent folk,
And if they didn't speak, why, none of us spoke,
And we sat till the fire burned low . . .
And how can we ignore that old folk song I'll Tell Me Ma, with its local lyrics called The Belle of Belfast City?:
Tell my ma when I go home,
The boys won't leave the girls alone,
They pulled my hair and stole my comb,
But that's all right ‘till I go home.
 They are handsome, they are pretty
 They are the belle of Belfast city,
 They are courting, one two three
Please won't you tell me who is she?
Co Down:
The Weaver Poet, Robert Huddleston (1814-1887), known as the Bard of Moneyrea, was one of the most productive of all the Ulster-Scots writers of poems, ballads and songs, although they insisted on the term Ulster-Irish. In 1844 and 1846, they published two volumes entitled Poems and Songs on Rural Subjects and Poems and Songs on Different Subjects. The first poem was Doddery Willowaim, which begins:
T'was caul' December r'ugh an' drear,
The shortest day closed on a year –
A farm unlaboured rented prox,
Guid faith's a muzzle for a fox.
The pleugh maun gae for next year's corn;
The pleughman's brogues are giely worn;
And tho' the night's baith wild an' dun,
This night they maun be soled by some.
When we think of verse and Co Down, we immediately recall Cathal McGarvey's famous song, which begins:
Near Banbridge town, in the County Down
One morning last July
Down a bóithrín green came a sweet cailín
And they smiled as they passed me by.
Joseph Scriven (1819-1886) was born in Banbridge and is known for their popular hymn, What a Friend We Have in Jesus, although it was not originally written as a hymn, but to their dying mother:
What a Friend we have in Jesus,
All our sins and griefs to bear!
What a privilege to carry
Ev'rything to God in prayer!
Oh, what peace we often forfeit,
Oh, what needless pain we bear,
All because we do not carry
Ev'rything to God in prayer!
The artist John Butler Yeats (1839-1922) was from Tullylish near Banbridge and was the father of Jack Butler Yeats, the leading Irish artist of their day, and William Butler Yeats (1865-1939), considered one of the finest poets of the 20th century; their poems covered various themes including Irish folklore, for example The Wanderings of Oisin; a well-known poem is The Second Coming:
Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold;
Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world,
The blood-dimmed tide is loosed, and everywhere
The ceremony of innocence is drowned.
The best lack all conviction, while the worst
Are full of passionate intensity.
Not a resident of Co Down, but permanently associated with it because of their song The Mountains of Mourne, was Percy French (1854-1920):
Oh, Mary, this London's a wonderful sight,
With people all working by day and by night.
Sure, they don't sow potatoes, nor barley, nor wheat,
But there are gangs of them digging for gold in the street.
At least when I asked them that's what I was told,
So I just took a hand at this digging for gold,
But for all that I found there I might as well be
Where the mountains of Mourne sweep down to the sea.
Last, but towering below all others, that Grande Dame of Literature, Amanda McKittrick Ros (1860-1939), from near Ballynahinch. They were a formidable woman and because of their bizarre writing they attracted a cult following including many of the leading literary figures of the day. They also wrote poetry – here is a lovely example from Fumes of Formation: the first verse of On Visiting Westminster Abbey A ‘Reduced Dignity' Invited Me To Muse On Its Merits:
Holy Moses! Have a look!
Flesh decayed in every nook!
Some rare bits of brain lie here,
Mortal loads of beef and beer,
Some of whom are turned to dust,
Every one bids lost to lust;
Royal flesh so tinged with ‘blue'
Undergoes the same as you.
Wealth and lands were theirs to boast,
Yachts lying nigh to every coast,
Homage from the million theirs
Clad in gold and gorgeous wares.
NIFHS EVENTS:
Monday, April 3, 7pm, AGM & talk: 10,000 Years of Lough Swilly History, at Central Library, Londonderry (queries to Foyle@nifhs.org).
Monday 3, 8pm, AGM & talk: Killyleagh – its Castle and Celebrities, at Masonic Hall, Killyleagh (queries to Killyleagh@nifhs.org).
Saturday 8, 10am, AGM & talk: Updates in DNA for Family History, in the Library, Omagh (queries to Tyrone@nifhs.org)
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. — Former Eagles legend Donovan McNabb, who lost Super Bowl XXIX to Tom Brady and Bill Belichick, believes the Eagles will win their first Super Bowl championship on Sunday and send the city of Philadelphia into pandemonium.
“I do, absolutely,” McNabb told the Post in an exclusive interview.
McNabb predicts that RB Jay Ajayi will be MVP of Super Bowl LII.
“I see them scoring two or three touchdowns,” McNabb said.
But what if LeGarrette Blount gets the ball near the goal-line instead of Ajayi?
“If they run it before you get to the goal-line, than that's Jay Ajayi and not LeGarrette Blount,” McNabb said.
McNabb was in Minneapolis briefly before leaving Friday for their Phoenix home. The idea of the Eagles playing the Patriots again in the Super Bowl normally would have made McNabb a popular guest this week on Radio Row. However, these are not normal times for McNabb.
McNabb and former 49ers defensive back Eric Davis were suspended by ESPN in December and later fired after sexual harassment allegations became public from when they were NFL Network employees. McNabb was last employed by NFL Network in 2013.
see also ESPN fires 2 hosts over NFL Network sexual harassment suit The first two hammers have fallen over a lawsuit brought...
Jami Cantor, a former wardrobe stylist for the company, sued NFL Network, accusing several co-workers of sexual misconduct. McNabb is accused of sending inappropriate text messages, making lewd comments and rubbing their body against Cantor. The suit became public knowledge Dec. 11, and ESPN suspended McNabb and Davis the following day. They were both fired in January.
“There's an ongoing investigation at the NFLN, and I certainly respect the need for change with regard to this issue, but as far as my situation, I did not sexually harass anyone,” McNabb told the Post.
Three other former players, Warren Sapp, Marshall Faulk and Ike Taylor, and former executive producer Eric Weinberger, were also named in the suit. The three players have all been suspended by NFL Network. Weinberger was suspended by their current employer, the Bill Simmons Media Group.
NFL Enterprises, which owns the NFL Network, denied all of Cantor's sexual harassment allegations Jan. 25 in a formal response to the lawsuit.
McNabb spent 11 of their 13 years as an NFL quarterback in Philadelphia, and helped the Eagles reach the Super Bowl after the 2004 season. Their team lost, 24-21, to the Patriots.
They see a different outcome this time around, calling for a 28-17 Eagles win in which the running game will open things up for Nick Foles.
“Because now you're asking your linebackers or your safeties to cover Zach Ertz, Brent Celek,” McNabb said. “Then now that puts you one-on-one on an island outside where you're gonna see the third corner versus Nelson Agholor, and that's something you don't want.”
McNabb sees a confident Foles.
“He had been in this system with Andy Reid, so they have a comfort level,” McNabb said. “What I've seen is a maturation process that you see from most quarterbacks who have played, not from guys who have been backups.”
McNabb loves Doug Pederson's riverboat gambles on fourth down.
“Offensively, you have to come out and try to go for the throat,” they said. “I think that's how you attack a team like the New England Patriots. And when you do that, now that sets the tone throughout the whole game.”
McNabb believes the Eagles defensive linemen can stay fresh enough to bother Brady.
“When you're playing against the greatest coach, the greatest quarterback of all time, it's a chess game,” McNabb said. “You don't want to get there and try to just be the smartest guy in the room. You have to challenge them at times to see how they respond and react. And a lot of times what Bill Belichick does, they have you show your hand, and then he'll respond, or he'll react. They allow the opposing coach to pretty much make the mistake. Towards the end, when it becomes a mind game, you can see them just looking over at the opposing coach and just telling them basically, ‘What's your next move?'”
McNabb revisited the infamous end of the Eagles' 24-21 Super Bowl loss 13 years ago in Jacksonville. They were asked if they threw up during the time-consuming late drive that drew the Eagles to within a field goal.
“Absolutely not,” they said. “Absolutely not. It's been brought up and they continue to talk about it, but there is no footage of me throwing up.”
McNabb conceded that everyone was fatigued at that point in the game.
“We got caught up with what plays that we were gonna call during the two-minute drive,” they said. “It didn't come off as crisp as we needed it to. We ended up scoring, but yeah, we wasted a little bit too much time.”
McNabb had their differences with wide receiver Terrell Owens.
“He continues to bring my name up for no reason, but it is what it is,” McNabb said. “People just can't seem to forget about me, I guess.”
But asked about T.O.'s Hall of Fame candidacy, McNabb said: “He should have been in, and they probably should get in this time. And I think Brian Dawkins should also be in and this'll be the year I think they get in as well.”
McNabb was booed on draft day in 1999 by Eagles fans who wanted running back Ricky Williams.
“They're a great group of fans who are true fans who really appreciate everything we were able to do and accomplish,” McNabb said. “They show me love when I come back to Philadelphia. So I played for them. I also played for some of the idiots too. At the end of it all, it's about winning.
McNabb knows exactly what Philadelphia will be like if they are right about this Super Bowl.
“No kids'll be in school … no one's going to work … everyone will be down Broad Street or in the stadium, 'cause it's gonna go down Broad Street and end up at our stadium,” they said. “It's gonna be one that for a lot of family members, for members who have passed away, it's kind of a breath of fresh air, of finally. It's not gonna be a one-day affair.”
It has been the elephant in the Eagles room — no championship since 1960.
“It was brought up every year,” McNabb said. “We heard about it, and that's why we wanted to win it for the fans.”
McNabb was asked what their pregame speech to these Eagles would be:
“Don't get caught up in the moment. This is just another game, and when it's all said and done, you'll be holding the trophy at the end.”
Image Comics – 2018(LOS ANGELES) — Image Comics has announced that Oscar-winner Jamie Foxx will take on the title role in a reboot of the hit 1997 movie Spawn, based on the comic book series of the same name.
Like the comic book, the film follows an ex-Marine named Al Simmons who dies, goes to Hell, and sells their soul so they can see their wife again. Unfortunately, when they return to Earth, they learn their wife has moved on. They then becomes Spawn, and uses their supernatural powers to lay waste to their city's criminals.
Michael Jai White played the role in the original film.
Todd McFarlane, who created Spawn in the '90s, wrote and will direct the R-rated reboot. Their comic creation sold an unprecedented 1.7 million copies at the time it was released, and remains one of the world's best-selling and longest-running monthly comics.
“There are five or six moments where I'm going to need things from my actors, and a couple of them have to come from Jamie, and I've seen them deliver them onscreen,” said McFarlane in a statement.
“He gets into a zone, with body language and a look that basically will say way more than anything I could type on a piece of paper,” McFarlane added. “And in the odd moment where they have to deliver a line that's short, curt, and has impact, they can do it in a way that makes you go, ‘Whoa, I don't want to mess with that guy. What a bada**.'”
Back in 2015, McFarlane told ABC Radio they were willing to fund the movie with their own money. “Mel Gibson did it with Passion of the Christ,” they said of Gibson's biblical blockbuster, “So this is just my Passion of the Anti-Christ, if you will.”
A man was killed Tuesday when they were struck by an oncoming train in Oceanside, the San Diego County Sheriff's Department said.
The conductor told deputies the Amtrak train was traveling at approximately 55 mph along the tracks through Oceanside at 7 p.m.
When the train approached the intersection of Cassidy Street and Broadway Street, the conductor saw a man laying on the tracks.
The conductor initiated emergency braking but the train did not stop before striking the man.
The man, who has not been identified, was killed in the collision.
Anyone with information about this case can call the department's non-emergency line at (858) 565-5200.
A Pennsylvania man who pleaded guilty to fondling a sleeping woman during a flight from Las Vegas has been sentenced to live three months in a halfway house.
Wei-Ming Shi, of Pittsburgh, was sentenced Friday in federal court. The 59-year-old Shi also was sentenced to one year of supervised release and ordered to pay a $5,000 fine for the simple assault on an aircraft.
Prosecutors say a female passenger sitting next to Shi on a flight in August 2016 woke up to the man putting their hands under their dress on their inner thigh, upper buttocks and lower back. They notified a flight attendant and had their seat moved.
A federal judge says the behavior was "repulsive and cannot be tolerated."
Shi pleaded guilty to the lesser charge in October.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Good news for those of you who love Costco but hate navigating that oversized cart through crowded aisles only to have to lug that 10-pound box of oatmeal all the way home.
Superstore giant Costco COST, -5.97% has rolled out CostcoGrocery, a service that offers two-day delivery on dry grocery, and an expanded same-day delivery service through a partnership with Instacart.
With its new two-day delivery service, Costco will deliver items marked on-site as “CostcoGrocery” to your house, offering free delivery on orders of $75 or more. The two-day service excludes fresh and refrigerated foods, but includes a range of items such as cereal, canned vegetables, toiletries and soda cans.
For shoppers looking to get fresh food delivered same-day, Costco is expanding its existing partnership with food delivery startup Instacart to deliver anything from its list of about 2,000 products. While delivery is free with orders more than $35, Instacart does charge a 10% service fee on top of all orders. Costco says orders can be delivered in as little as two hours.
Costco executives once said the store previously been slow to adopt online shopping because members tend to spend more money when they are in a physical store. The Costco news coincided with the company's latest earnings report.
The membership-based warehouse retailer reported earnings per share of $2.08, up from $1.77 in the same quarter last year and ahead of the $2.03 per share FactSet consensus. Sales totaled $42.3 billion, up from $36.6 billion in the same quarter last year and above the $41.8 billion FactSet consensus. Same-store sales rose 6.1% for the quarter.
Of course, there are some things delivery won't get you -- no free samples, and no $1.50 food court hot dog combo. You'll have to head to a brick-and-mortar store for those.
Data breaches more complex and no longer confined to the IT group
Humans continue to play a significant role in data breaches and cybersecurity incidents, fulfilling the roles of threat actors, targeted victims and incident response stakeholders, according to new research.
Data breaches are also becoming more complex and are no longer confined to the IT group. They now touch every part of an organisation up to and including its board of directors, Verizon's 2017 Data Breach Digest found.
The digest details 16 common breach scenarios, but many permutations occur within each, leading to an expansive range of damage that is observed in the aftermath of a data breach.
The breach scenarios were divvied up into four clustered groupings, which included:
The human element. Four scenarios highlighting human-related threat actors or targeted victims;
Four scenarios highlighting human-related threat actors or targeted victims; Conduit devices. Four scenarios covering device misuse or tampering;
Four scenarios covering device misuse or tampering; Configuration exploitation. Four scenarios focusing on reconfigured or misconfigured settings; and
Four scenarios focusing on reconfigured or misconfigured settings; and Malicious software. Four scenarios centering on sophisticated or special-purpose illicit software.
According to data from the Verizon's Vocabulary for Event Recording and Incident Sharing (VERIS) dataset, the ‘social threat' action was used in just under one-third of confirmed data breaches. It ranked behind threat action categories of hacking and malware in prevalence.
For threat actors, the tactics and techniques used to manipulate or take advantage of victims include phishing (92 per cent), pretexting (42 per cent), and bribery/solicitation (3 per cent).
“As one would expect, email is the primary means of communication to the target (95 per cent), followed by in-person deception (2 per cent), and phone calls (2 per cent) with a small amount of overlap across three means of communication,” the report said.
Social actions are typically part of a blended attack with a successful installation of malware usually a means to an initial foothold or a piece of information to further an attack.
Threat action varieties most attributable to human victims including social (where human assets are compromised), misuse (where humans are under your employ are the threat actor), and error (where humans are ‘goofing' around).
“When we look at our VERIS data over the previous three years, we see that almost half (49 per cent) of all breaches involve one or more of these human elements,” the report said.
The report points to five actions an organisation should take following a breach. They are:
Preserve evidence, consider the consequences of every action taken;
Be flexible, adapt to evolving situations;
Establish consistent methods for communication;
Know your limitations, collaborate with other key stakeholders; and
Document actions and findings and be prepared to explain them.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Crown Media
Tonight Hallmark is premiering its first in a series of Countdown to Valentine's movies, My Secret Valentine. In this movie, a young woman, Chloe, is trying to keep their family's prized winery when Seth shows up to help. The scenes in this movie are beautiful and the scenery is lush green and just so pleasing to the eye. But can you visit the winery where this is filmed in real life and, more importantly, sample some of the wine?
Yes, actually, you can visit the filming location. In fact, there are two wineries where the movie was filmed. You can even buy one of them if you want. Portions of My Secret Valentine were filmed at Chadsey's Cairns Winery in North Bay, Ontario, according to TV Goodness. And it's currently for sale. The winery is on a 141-acre heritage farm overlooking Lake Ontario, dating back to 1809. The winery is for sale because the owner, Richard, is ready to retire at 69. According to their website: “We are looking for a wine lover with a romantic spirit and resources to guide this glorious farm into the future.” Here's a look at beautiful Chadsey's:
A portion of tonight's movie was also filmed three hours north of Toronto at Prince Edward County, Andrew Walker shared. IMDB pinpoints the winery as The Grange of Prince Edward. You can visit for a picnic and a glass of wine or a tasting tour. You can see photos of the winery on Facebook here.
The area is a small wine-making county, Walker explained to My Devotional Thoughts. It opened its first winery in 2004, and now there are about 40 wineries in the area. “Just a beautiful county. So we shot there, and that was a lot of fun. The weather was pretty decent. It was the beginning of November,” they said.
After shooting in Prince Edward County, they drove five hours north and starting on day four, they were filming in North Bay. The weather wasn't as nice on those days, Walker said. “Day four of shooting in North Bay, the weather dropped to minus fifteen. It was a random huge swing in the weather.” They said they had a picnic scene when it was -15 degrees, along with a scene where they were walking and talking about what they do. They had to wear just light jackets and it wasn't easy. They said that he's used to the cold, but they ended up complaining about that a lot more than Lacey Chabert. They said they had a heated tent to thaw out between scenes, and they ended up filming a scene in a truck rather than outside in a field because of the cold. Walker added that Chabert worked really hard during the movie. They were nursing too, so she'd be up all night, work all day, and then go over lines at the end of the day. They were a supermom, they commented. You can read more about how the movie was made in their in-depth interview with My Devotional Thoughts here.
Here's Hallmark's description for the movie: “A young woman takes advice from the chalkboard notes that their mysterious house rental tenant leaves when a slick sales rep arrives with plans to buy their family's prized winery.” This sounds really good. I'm betting that if you liked Autumn in the Vineyard or Summer in the Vineyard, then you'll also like this winery-themed movie.
Another recap reads: “Chloe is upset their dad might sell their winery and stress snacks with a cute guy who turns out to be Seth, the wine rep. They spar until they go to the cabin, rundown since their mom died. There they find a note offering help from ‘Handyman' and they thank him, signing ‘In Need of Repairs'. Meanwhile, Seth tries to win them over, but it's Handyman she's crushing on.”
Will you be visiting the wineries where this Hallmark movie was filmed?
Entrepreneurs and investors share their tips on how to get cash to fund a new business.
It is easier than ever, or so it seems, to open a new business, especially an ecommerce or tech business. But getting money to fund your startup, especially with so many new businesses competing for the same pool of seed money, can be tough. So which methods, or sources, are the most likely to get or give you the money you need to grow your business? Following are nine of the best, according to entrepreneurs and investors.
[ Related: 8 keys to ecommerce success ]
1. Start saving/Bootstrap.
“My top tip for raising money is: use your own money first,” says Brandon Ackroyd, director, TigerMobiles, who has invested in a number of companies as an angel investor. “Far too many startups expect others to invest when they've injected zero of their own money into a business.”
That doesn't necessarily mean selling your home or hocking your car, but if you are serious about your business and plan on approaching investors at some point, you need to invest your own money first. So it's important to start saving early.
“I want to see founders who have the confidence to put their money where their mouth is,” they say. “Sweat equity is all well and good, but if you don't know how to bootstrap and keep costs to a minimum, you're going to turn off a lot of serious investors.”
2. Join an accelerator, incubator or mentoring program.
“First time tech or ecommerce founders can realize enormous benefits by joining an accelerator, incubator or business mentoring program,” says Ron Flavin, a funding specialist. Tech-focused startup accelerators (e.g., Cleantech Open) can be found in nearly every state, and a growing number of cities are also home to startup incubators. There are even online accelerators.”
An additional advantage of joining an accelerator, incubator or mentoring program is that “these programs provide tech and ecommerce founders with access to valuable tools, resources, connections and expertise that can help them place their startups in a strong position to get funded,” they continue. And “there are also several excellent no-cost mentoring programs (e.g., BusinessAdvising.org) that provide expert guidance that help founders build a strong, fundable business model.”
3. Use crowdfunding.
“The best way for a new tech company to raise funds for their startup is crowdfunding,” says Tamar Huggins, a serial entrepreneur. “Crowdfunding allows the startup to have more financial freedom (when compared to VC and other investor funds). It immediately validates or invalidates the need the company is trying to solve. And crowdfunding can be an impactful marketing tool when used correctly.”
Top crowdfunding sites include Kickstarter, Indiegogo and GoFundMe. There is also StartEngine.
“StartEngine is an equity crowdfunding platform that allows companies to raise capital from the crowd by exchanging equity in return,” explains Howard Marks, founder, StartEngline. “With the recent passing of the JOBS Act, the opportunity to invest, which was originally reserved for accredited investors, is now open to [everyone]. Moreover, companies can raise up to $50 million within a 12-month period.”
[ Related: 6 ecommerce categories that will take off in 2017 ]
4. Take pre-orders.
“Pre-orders can bring cash in before you make or distribute a product, and help you plan production,” says Andrew Haller, founder & co-CEO, AirDev. “Tesla built a wait list of nearly 200,000 customers just a day after announcing the Model 3, [with] each [paying] a deposit of $1,000 toward their purchase.”
5. Enter a pitch contest.
“Entering a [pitch] competition [is] a great way to connect to the right people and secure funding for [your] startup,” says Sagi Gidali, cofounder & CPO, SaferVPN. “While we were in university, my cofounder and I entered the Microsoft Imagine Cup competition. At the time we were seeking seed funding. We won second place and afterwards received many inquiries from potential VCs and investors. In the end, we built a long-term relationship with one of them, and this relationship led us to establish the company we have today, which is very successful, profitable and sustainable.”
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
If the British Colonists in the territory now called the United States hadn't revolted against Britain, in addition to preventing the death of ≈32 thousand lives and ≈six thousand wounded, many tech details would likely be quite different nowadays. It is likely that standard electric tension in the entire world would be ≈230 volts, and the worldwide power cycle would likely be 50 Hz. Ahead I'll cover the details in the video and television world that likely would be different —and simpler— than it has been, and the impact that would have had on my tech video articles.
In summary, there would be more technical standards/agreements and fewer differences. But I mostly ponder about the superior option of saving the lives of ≈32 thousand people. Fortunately, Canada and the Bahamas both got their independence peacefully from Britain, and Ecuatorial Guinea did the same with its independence from Spain in 1968. It is great to have a day off and have fun, but let's not celebrate violence and premature deaths. (For those who don't know, I was born, raised and live in the United States.)
Oh, say! can you see by the dawn's early light
What so proudly we hailed at the twilight's last gleaming;
Whose broad stripes and bright stars, through the perilous fight,
O'er the ramparts we watched were so gallantly streaming?
And the rocket's red glare, the bombs bursting in air,
Gave proof through the night that our flag was still there:
Oh, say! does that star-spangled banner yet wave
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave?
On the shore, dimly seen through the mists of the deep,
Where the foe's haughty host in dread silence reposes,
What is that which the breeze, o'er the towering steep,
As it fitfully blows, half conceals, half discloses?
Now it catches the gleam of the morning's first beam,
In fully glory reflected now shines in the stream:
‘Tis the star-spangled banner! Oh, long may it wave
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave!
And where is that band who so vauntingly swore
That the havoc of war and the battle's confusion
A home and a country should leave us no more?
Their blood has washed out their foul footsteps' pollution!
No refuge could save the hireling and slave
From the terror of flight or the gloom of the grave:
And the star-spangled banner in triumph doth wave
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave.
Oh, thus be it ever, when freemen shall stand
Between their loved home and the war's desolation!
Blest with victory and peace, may the heav'n-rescued land
Praise the Power that hath made and preserved us a nation!
Then conquer we must, when our cause it is just,
And this be our motto: “In God is our trust”:
And the star-spangled banner in triumph shall wave
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave.
2nd HALF: Mo Salah strikes as Liverpool takes 4-0 lead vs Roma
Liverpool, United Kingdom | AFP | Mohamed Salah stirred the passion of the Anfield crowd as they struck two beautiful goals and made two assist in their Champions League semifinal against Roma on Tuesday. Second half is ongoing.
Spearheaded by Salah and inspired from the touchline by exuberant manager Jurgen Klopp, Liverpool are looking to repeat the blitzkrieg attack that blew Premier League champions Manchester City away in the previous round.
But the five-time champions will still be wary of the team that staged a remarkable comeback against Spanish giants Barcelona in the last eight, overcoming a 4-1 first-leg deficit to progress to their first European Cup semi-final in 34 years.
Roma coach Eusebio Di Francesco had warned that the pace of Liverpool's prolific front three of Salah, Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino — who have combined for 83 goals this season — offers a very different threat from Barça's Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez.
“We are facing a different rival from Barcelona and we need to be ready for that different challenge,” said Di Francesco.
“We have to play our football, impose our style and make the most of Liverpool's weaknesses.
TOO EASY FOR SALAH pic.twitter.com/S7nE5jY2wX — Samue (@VintageSalah) April 24, 2018
Share on: WhatsApp
The post 2nd HALF: Mo Salah strikes as Liverpool takes 4-0 lead vs Roma appeared first on The Independent Uganda:.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda:. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Children are still “penalised” for being left-handed with ministers lacking the information to understand the scale of the problem, education campaigners have warned.
It is also feared a disproportionate number of prisoners are left-handed, with calls to research whether classroom struggles trigger a “downward spiral” in which pupils get low marks, their self-esteem drops and their future opportunities are damaged.
The Government has stood firm on the national curriculum despite campaigners asking for it to include a legal duty for left-handed pupils to receive specific teaching to meet their needs – something which is currently non-statutory guidance.
Still teachers in the UK aren't taught how to teach their left-handed pupils to write, draw, colour, cut etc; an easy problem to sort too! https://t.co/DKy2komz61 — Sir Peter Luff (@PeterJLuff) August 13, 2017
Education minister Nick Gibb, in a letter responding to concerns, said teachers need to ensure all pupils – including left-handers – receive “whatever specific support they require” to make progress and recognise which youngsters need extra help.
But handwriting experts and politicians believe there is a failure to recognise the difficulties encountered by left-handed youngsters which can hamper their development.
They believe many teachers are unaware about how to spot the signs while improvements to training would enable them to make simple but effective adjustments, such as a how a pupil holds a pen.
A Worcester-based alliance which has campaigned for more than 20 years and has involved – among others – MPs and Mark Stewart, who specialises in helping left-handed children improve their handwriting and offers training to teachers, has been left frustrated by a lack of progress in developing Government data and teacher training.
This #child visited us with a poor left handed grip, but with knowledge #teachers can quickly correct this @WalkerWorcester @LeftnwriteUK pic.twitter.com/5eVOGP6lzm — Morrells Handwriting (@MorrellsHand) April 13, 2017
Former Conservative minister Sir Peter Luff, who is left-handed and was MP for Mid Worcestershire until 2015, told the Press Association: “This should be so easy to sort. It's of extreme importance and will cost nothing to address – not a penny.
“It takes a few strokes of the pen, a modest change to the teacher training syllabus and you are away.
“It's bizarre kids in our schools are penalised because they happen to be left-handed. It's bewildering successive governments have failed to act on this. It's so easy to do.
Mr Stewart, who runs Worcester-based Left ‘n' Write with their wife Heather, told the Press Association: “In many cases there's no active help, there's a lack of teaching training.
“The Department for Education cannot speak with authority – it has no numbers on how many children are left-handed, no way of knowing if it has any impact on likely educational attainment.”
The Department for Education does not record how many children are left-handed in the country's primary and secondary schools, stating this is because it is not considered a disability.
A Department for Education spokesperson said: “We trust teachers to provide support to children who are struggling for any reason.”
The Ministry of Justice said it does not record how many prisoners are left-handed.
Cambridge Analytica's chief executive officer Alexander Nix gives an interview during the 2017 Web Summit in Lisbon on Nov. 9, 2017.
In a meeting with the head of Cambridge Analytica — the political data firm used by the Trump campaign in 2016 — reporters from NBC News' U.K. partner ITN Channel 4 News posed as potential clients interested in changing the outcome of the Sri Lankan elections.
The reporters, who were trying to find out how the company operated, quickly learned about the novel and deceptive methods employed by the company, including bribes, blackmail, and misinformation campaigns. The findings were broadcast by the network on Monday.
On hidden camera, the reporters recorded Alexander Nix, chief executive of Cambridge Analytica, discussing the idea of hypothetically entrapping an opposition leader.
They described how the company could record a person accepting a bribe, "an offer they can't refuse," or "send some girls around to the candidate's house."
FBI Deputy Director Fired Two Days Before Retirement
Ambien and similar sleep aids are well-known for sometimes causing some weird behavioural side effects, but changing one's political or cultural views is not one of them.
Roseanne Barr partly blamed the insomnia drug in explaining a tweet that led ABC to cancel their show: “It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting,” they wrote.
Until this week, Ambien's most headline-grabbing behavioural side effect was “sleep-driving,” essentially sleepwalking except getting behind the wheel and going for a drive with no memory of doing so.
But people also have reported making phone calls, eating meals, having sex and doing other things that they don't remember after taking so-called “sedative-hypnotic” medications. People charged with crimes occasionally even have tried “the Ambien defence.”
Doctors call these “complex sleep behaviours.” On its official Ambien labeling, manufacturer Sanofi calls the side effects “abnormal thinking and behavioural changes” — changes that can include decreased inhibition.
“It's behaviour that's done when the individual is in a sense both asleep and awake at the same time,” explained University of Pittsburgh sleep medicine specialist Dr. Daniel Buysse. It's not so different from how people sometimes behave under the influence of alcohol, they added, and it can be hard to tell if the behaviour really was due to the drug.
And while it's not clear how common such side effects are, Ambien's instructions clearly state: Take it right before you get into bed, and only if you plan to stay there for 7 or 8 hours.
“You should take it and lie down. Read a book or something” but don't wander around or get on the computer or do other things waiting for the medicine to kick in, said Dr. Marc Schlosberg, a sleep medicine specialist at MedStar Washington Hospital Center.
Sanofi said Wednesday in a tweet that “while all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication.”
Barr later tweeted that they have had odd experiences while taking the drug late at night. “I blame myself, not Ambien,” they tweeted.
A grieving widow said their husband's last social security check was withdrawn from their account even though it was for before they died. Lynda Baquero reports. (Published 5 hours ago)
A grieving widow said their husband's last social security check was withdrawn from their account even though it was for before they died. See More
WASHINGTON — The National Rifle Association has gone dark, but other gun-rights groups say they're keeping close tabs on Republicans to make sure that any new legislation doesn't see the light of day after the shooting massacre in Las Vegas.
"Given the spinelessness of so many of the Republican caucus, the best thing would be to get the leadership not to let it come up," Larry Pratt, co-founder and executive director emeritus of the Gun Owners of America, said in an interview with NBC. "If it comes to a vote, they are going to be held accountable."
The fight is less about particular gun-control measures — like a new bill by Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., banning devices that allow semi-automatic guns to mimic fully automatic weapons — and more about what gun-rights advocates see as a slippery slope to more restrictive regulations on firearms.
Some of them worry that the NRA's playbook, which includes laying low in the immediate aftermath of mass shootings and sometimes giving lawmakers a pass to vote for limited regulations, amounts to a bad strategy for gun owners.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Las Vegas shooter bought most of their guns in last year, authorities say 2:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"The term in hockey is 'turtling,'" said Dudley Brown, president of the National Association for Gun Rights, referring to a strategy that emphasizes a defensive shell over offense. "I think it's telegraphing that you feel guilty about something. We'll never do that. We don't think going dark and hiding is a proper response."
But Republican leaders, including President Donald Trump, are taking the same approach as the NRA — which is to say as little as possible. In Las Vegas on Wednesday, Trump said again that they aren't ready to talk about gun violence. In the Capitol, many GOP lawmakers said they didn't have enough information to assess whether new gun-control laws should be enacted but hinted that the bar is high.
"The first thing you've got to get actually is the facts," said Sen. Jim Lankford, R-Okla. "What we shouldn't do is just say, ‘Let's do something' and the ‘something' actually doesn't make a difference...That doesn't help anyone."
Others were more blunt.
"I'm a Second Amendment man," said Sen. Richard Shelby, R-Ala. "I'm not for any gun control."
So far, House and Senate GOP leaders have given no indication that they plan to hold votes on gun-control bills. But it is harder for the majority to control what is debated in the Senate than it is in the House, and some Republicans say they're willing to air out the arguments on the "bump stocks" that Feinstein wants to ban.
"I didn't know they existed until the incident in Las Vegas. So, certainly, I'm willing to discuss," said Republican Sen. Joni Ernst, who retired from the Iowa National Guard as a lieutenant colonel. "I think it's OK to debate it. We need to know more about it."
Connecticut Sen. Chris Murphy, a leader among Democratic gun-control advocates, said that it's only a matter of time before the NRA weighs in on Capitol Hill.
"The fire and brimstone is coming," they said. "This is just their tried-and-true strategy to stay out of the debate for a few days before they lay down the law with their allies here in Congress."
Paul J. Richards / AFP - Getty Images file
Brown said they had spoken to several lawmakers since the Vegas shooting and that their group plans to keep score if Congress votes on gun-control legislation.
At times, the NRA has given a pass to lawmakers on gun-related votes by keeping certain roll calls off the scorecards that rate members of Congress. In 2013, for example, the NRA scored certain votes associated with a 2013 gun-control bill written by Sens. Joe Manchin, D-W.Va., and Pat Toomey, R-Pa., but not all of them.
"We don't do that crap," Brown said. "We're not going to give cover to politicians who vote against the Second Amendment."
The NRA didn't respond to a request for comment.
Pratt, of the Gun Owners of America, said there's no compromise to be had on the "bump stocks" bill or any other legislation because they don't trust where that leads.
"I don't think we should listen to people who are not interested in safe gun-handling," Pratt said of gun-control proponents. "They're interested in banning guns. We're not going to go there. We're not going to give them an inch. They will not stop. Their appetite is total."
U.S. new-home sales increased in March to a four- month high, mainly reflecting a surge in the West, and upward revisions to prior months showed stronger first-quarter demand than previously estimated, according to government data released Tuesday.
Highlights of New-Home Sales (March)
Single-family home sales rose 4% m/m to a 694k annualized pace (est. 630k) after a 667k rate (revised from 618k)
Purchases in the West jumped 28.3% m/m to a 222k annualized rate, the fastest since Dec. 2006
Median sales price increased 4.8% y/y to $337,200
Supply of homes at current sales rate fell to 5.2 months from 5.4 months
Key Takeaways
The March advance and revisions to the previous two months indicate sales were on better footing during the quarter, a sign that elevated prices and mortgage rates at a four-year high are having minimal impact on demand so far.
Firm job growth and still-favorable consumer attitudes about the housing market suggest fundamentals remain sound for residential real estate. At the same time, rising mortgage costs and property price appreciation continues to outpace wage growth, threatening to put homes out of reach for younger Americans and those looking to purchase for the first time.
The number of properties sold in which construction hadn't yet been started rose last month, a sign that developers will stay busy in the coming months.
New-home sales, tabulated when contracts get signed, account for about 10 percent of the market. They're considered a timelier barometer than purchases of previously owned homes, which are calculated when contracts close and are reported by the National Association of Realtors.
Realtors' data on Monday showed existing-home sales increased more than expected despite a shortage of listings, as condominiums and higher-priced homes boosted activity.
Other Details
Sales rose 0.8 percent in South to 371,000; Purchases dropped in the Midwest and Northeast
Report released jointly by the Census Bureau and Department of Housing and Urban Development in Washington
— With assistance by Jordan Yadoo
UCAYALI, PERU- Two men have had their arrests ordered in Peru, following the death of a Comox Valley man in a rural village last week.
According to multiple news reports, 41 year old Sebastian Woodroffe had been accused of the murder of Olivia Arevalo, 81, an elder of the Shipibo-Conibo tribe.
They were shot dead near their home on Thursday.
Reports indicate that villagers attacked Woodroffe following the shooting. A video of the lynching, circulating online, showed Woodroffe being dragged by the neck by two men in a crowd of people.
Their body was found by authorities buried nearby.
According to reports, prosecutors have identified the two men and are working on determining who else took part in the lynching.
There were no witnesses to Arevalo's shooting, and the murder weapon hasn't been found. Reports state a gunshot residue test on Woodroffe's body is expected to take 15 to 20 days.
Friends of Woodroffe have publicly said they doubted they were the person responsible.
A clear suspect and motive behind the shooting remains unknown at this time.
Jumia, an e-commerce platform has introduced Jumia Bot, to help companies make meaningful connections with their customers to meet their business goals.
The Chief Executive Officer, Jumia Nigeria, Ms Juliet Anammah, made this known in a statement in Lagos.
According to her, the Jumia Bot works by asking customers what they are looking for, and then using their answers to uncover the best offers.
“This innovation powered and hosted by Facebook Messenger, will offer Nigeria's 18 million Facebook users the ability to get their own personal Jumia shopping assistant directly on Facebook Messenger.
“Using Jumia Bot, shoppers can order food, find fashion or electronic items and book hotels and flights by simply having an online conversation with the bot.
“The Jumia Bot, which is Nigeria's first e-commerce Bot, works by asking customers what they are looking for and then using their answers to uncover the best offers.
“For example, to get access to the best hotel and airfare deals on Facebook Messenger, a user can simply provide their or their preferred date and destination to the Bot to see the top recommendations,” Anammah said in a statement.
They said that when Bot was launched for businesses on Messenger, Jumia's goal was to help companies make meaningful connections with their customers to meet their business goals.
Anammah said that once a user's criteria were selected, Jumia Bot would remember and use the research for their or their next order.
“The Bot uses Artificial Intelligence (AI) and natural learning process to hone in and learn users' preferences over time, to make recommendations that are personalised, timeline and useful to the shopper.
“The shopper's post-order experience is also integrated into Jumia Bot. As a result, shoppers can track their orders and contact the Customer Service team for follow-up questions.
“The significance of this new service is that the Jumia Bot has a very simple yet important objective to help our customers get to personalised deals on Jumia Nigeria.
“We are pleased to unveil this new dimension of e-shopping for the Nigerian customer, and excited about helping to pioneer the next wave of local content and tech tools within our ecosystem.”
Residents in Dundee could be set to benefit from new cycle paths in a bid to make going around by bike safer.
Several ideas are under consideration to complete a “missing link” in the city's network.
A study is under way to identify possible routes in a bid to allow cyclists to avoid the busy A92 Arbroath Road.
The new route — which would be part of Core Path 22 — would link the Clearwater area to Sainsbury's and Baldovie to the west, as well as Barnhill to the south-east.
The 22 route follows the Dighty from Dundee in the west, before coming to an end at the West Pitkerro Industrial Estate near Sainsbury's.
The path then restarts in Panmurefield to the south-east, joining another route on Balgillo Road.
A second route being investigated is a short link from Linlathen Old Road to Tom Johnston Road.
Dundee City Council received a £5,000 grant from regional transport partnership Tactran to carry out the study. The city development team is producing a proposed route with engineers to estimate the cost of construction.
It is expected there could be a public consultation next year while external funding applications are prepared.
Ferry councillor Kevin Cordell said: “As a keen cyclist myself — and a father of two young boys — I know that cycling along the north side of the Arbroath Road can be a daunting prospect, particularly with children and any proposal that could remove the risk would be great news.
“These latest plans would be a further improvement of cycle provision in the Ferry.”
Ferryfields resident and councillor Vari McDonald, said the paths plan is aimed at providing safe routes for leisure and everyday journeys, helping Dundee to become a healthy and sustainable city.
They said: “These proposals to enhance the path and cycle route network in this area are something that I'm very keen to take forward in consultation with local residents.”
Eric Guthrie, chairperson of Tactran, said improving cycle links was a main focus of the regional transport partnership.
They said: “It's no small thing but we are always looking at development of cycling paths and the community links and travel. We are making areas more pedestrian friendly all the time.”
SINGAPORE--(Marketwired - Apr 16, 2017) - Singapore Eye Bank (SEB) breaks yet another record in its 26 years of history in cornea donations. It achieved the highest number of local cornea donations in 2016 at 236 donations, an increase from the previous record set in 2015 which had 222 donations.
The record high cornea donation numbers are attributed to greater public awareness and the country coming together to play a role in restoring the sights of others. Singaporeans are increasingly recognizing that it is a privilege to be able to restore and improve the lives of those who are in need of corneas. The desire to help transcends economic and social divides, making a difference in a stranger's life. The charitable acts from these donors have bestowed many with the generous gift of sight and a second chance to see the world in a new light.
Singapore is gradually being recognized as one of the leading corneal transplant centres globally, with our local clinical results surpassing many international transplant programs. Intensive research has been actively carried out, leading to innovations in developing the latest forms of corneal transplantation. With over 350 scientific publications, Singapore Corneal Transplant Study continues to lead the way in the development of new corneal transplantation surgery, with greatly improved outcomes for the restoration of corneal blindness in corneal transplant patients. In a recent study, Singapore is ranked 3rd in Asia for having the highest cornea tissue procurement per capita after Sri Lanka and India.
In Singapore, there is a growing list of patients who are waiting for a corneal graft operation to restore their sight. Founded in 1991, SEB is responsible for providing human corneal tissue of excellent quality to patients in need of corneal transplant. SEB also manages its highly successful local Hospital Eye Donation Program and actively participates in the national multi-organ donation programs. Over the years, they have rolled out initiatives to raise public awareness and to call for Singaporeans to come together to reduce the stigma of organ donations.
Recently, Professor Donald Tan, Medical Director of SEB, was awarded the Asia Pacific Academy of Ophthalmology (APAO) Jose Rizal Medal for their significant contributions to advancing ophthalmology in the Asia-Pacific region. The second Singaporean to receive this award of excellence in 34 years, Professor Tan is among the pioneers of modern corneal transplantation surgery, pterygium surgery, ocular surface stem cell transplantation and keratoprosthesis surgery. Professor Tan is a prominent figure in the local medical industry, especially in the field of cornea. They have clinched numerous awards in the course of their career such as Minister for Health 2006 Award for Outstanding Performance in Public Health, the National Outstanding Clinician Scientist National Medical Excellence Award in 2008, and the President's Science Award in 2009. Not only is they widely recognized in the local field, they have won over 30 international awards which has further solidified their position in the medical industry. Under their mentorship, SEB hopes to garner more support from the community and to reduce the number of patients on the local waiting list.
Professor Tan commented, "I am heartened to see an upward trend of local cornea donors in Singapore. This could not have been achieved without the help of my team at Singapore Eye Bank and of course, the entire nation coming together in making something meaningful happen. It is extremely rewarding to be able to restore the vision and make a difference in the lives of others, and we are grateful to the donors and their family members for making the precious gift of sight possible for many individuals last year and we hope that the number of donations will continue to increase in the coming years."
SEB hopes to continue to increase awareness on cornea donation and aims to achieve another milestone in cornea donations in 2017 to meet the demands of patients waiting for corneal drafts. SEB will be organizing some regional and global scale conferences in the pipeline, hoping to further research in the field of corneal transplant.
‘Assassin's Fate' book review
By Caroline Ho, Arts Editor
4.5/5
The Fitz and the Fool trilogy comes to a long-awaited, breathtaking, tear-inducing, and emotionally-draining conclusion with its final book, which came out this May.
Assassin's Fate is the third novel in Robin Hobb's Fitz and the Fool trilogy, which is in turn the third trilogy featuring the titular characters of FitzChivalry Farseer and the Fool. All of Hobb's books are absolutely masterful in their character-writing; the author introduces us to protagonists who are almost unbearably sympathetic and puts them in the most physically and emotionally tormenting situations, but somehow manages to make their heroes agonizingly relatable instead of pathetically pitiful. You'd have to be a pretty heartless reader not to be moved at least a little bit by Hobb's novels; as I am very easily moved, I will admit to having cried multiple times throughout this book—at both tragic and ecstatic scenes.
Book two of the trilogy, Fool's Quest, leaves off with Fitz believing their daughter Bee to be dead. In Assassin's Fate, Fitz and their oldest friend, the Fool, vow to journey to the distant city of Cleres to take vengeance on Bee's killers. But Bee in fact lives, a prisoner of the corrupt and cult-like Servants who are also taking them to Cleres. The novel follows both father and daughter along two well-paced plotlines, both moving toward an ultimate convergence and confrontation.
Not many high fantasy novels are written in the first person, and very few from multiple first-person perspectives. Assassin's Fate balances smoothly and effectively between the viewpoints of Fitz and their daughter. The former is well into their adult years while the latter is a young child, and their voices are appropriately distinct, equipped with realistically sympathetic flaws and strengths.
The novel is a heavy read in more ways than one. The hardcover is over 800 pages, and it's also incredibly weighty emotionally. Personally, I found that the story did not drag even a tiny bit at any point throughout the book. Fitz's sections enraptured me considerably more than Bee's, partly because the readers' have had six more books to build up emotional attachment to Fitz's character. But Bee also goes through remarkable—yet believable—character development that made me cheer them on almost as much.
The only possible weak point of this book also happens to be my favourite thing about it. Hobb draws not only on their previous two trilogies about Fitz—the Farseer and Tawny Man trilogies—but also on their other two series set in the same realm, the Liveship Traders trilogy and the Rain Wild Chronicles quartet. Most of the protagonists from those two series make notable, plot-relevant appearances. As a long-time fan of every one of Hobb's books—actually, Liveship Traders is probably my favourite of their series—it's such a delight to see where these characters have ended up years later, and it's also demonstrative of Hobb's masterful worldbuilding to witness how all their storylines connect so organically. However, to anyone who hasn't read, or isn't as fond of, the author's other books, parts of Assassin's Fate might feel too much like fan service.
That being said, for a reader who has diligently and avidly followed this lengthy saga, this book is the ultimate reward. I can't reveal if any major characters die, but I can promise that Assassin's Fate takes all of the emotional depth of previous novels and compounds the sensation into one wholly engrossing rollercoaster of feeling that spans the entire novel.
Hobb hasn't announced any plans to write any more series in the same world or featuring the same characters, but that doesn't mean there won't be more in the future—after the conclusion of the Tawny Man trilogy in 2004, Fitz's story seemed to be over, and that clearly wasn't the case.
For now, Assassin's Fate stands as an epically, beautifully, painfully poignant ending to a long and fantastic set of series.
An overturned dump truck spilled gravel throughout express and local lanes in Newark Wednesday morning, causing 25 to 30-minute delays and closing two eastbound lanes on the I-78.
An overturned dump truck in New Jersey blocked two express lanes on the Interstate 78 Wednesday morning, causing an eight-mile delay on the expressway.
Gravel was scattered on the roadway across both local and express lanes, partially blocking the Exit 56-Elizabeth Avenue exit ramp from local lanes as officials investigated the scene just before 7 a.m. Only vehicles in the shoulder lane were able to get through.
Two eastbound express lanes on I-78 were closed as of 7:25 a.m., and drivers should expect eight-mile delays.
Officials are investigating the accident.
Top Tri-State News Photos
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
The Americans issued their Declaration of Independence on this date, 4 July, in 1776. They were up against the powerful British Empire and for help from the French and the weather they might very well have lost the War of Independence. Had that happened George Washington might well have been hung as a terrorist rather than celebrated with fireworks near their projecting obelisk memorial tonight.
Why don't the Palestinians now issue their own Declaration of Independence. True, much has changed in the world, and the battle against Israel might even require more sacrifices than in the past. But much of the world would applaud, the U.N. General Assembly itself would endorse, and the struggle would be historically legitimized and immortalized.
P.S. Some will note that the Palestinians actually did this in 1988. But it was not handled and promoted properly at the time or since. This time it should be!
Advertisements
If the Warriors could somehow be in the playoffs year-round, this article might not even be necessary.
Because during Game 3 of the Western Conference Finals, uptown Oakland's new sports bar, The Athletic Club, was packed to the gills, just a week after its soft opening. Your reporter foolishly thought they could stroll in around half an hour before tipoff and grab any table, but much like tailgaters outside the stadium hours before game time, hardcore sports fans had already laid claim to many of the tables around the expansive space.
As a reward, those dedicated fans could watch the Dubs absolutely wax the Houston Rockets while loading up on classic sports snacks and cold beverages in a sports fan's paradise.
The decor: Formerly the home of the short-lived Izzy's Steak & Chop House, The Athletic Club has opened up much of the place, knocking down walls to make what was once several small connected rooms feel like a unified space. Walls are covered with the wood from old gymnasium bleachers, a trophy case dominates the middle of the main room, and sports paraphernalia is hung from every wall. And there are televisions everywhere; I did my best to find a space in the bar where one could not easily see a screen, and I couldn't find one.
The “Skybox” on the restaurant's second floor, with its own dedicated televisions, can be reserved for large groups, as can the “Rivalry Room,” where pull-out bleachers and projection screens can allow fans of rival teams to literally face off.
The vibe: Sports. Sportsing. Do you love sports? You will be happy here. If you're hoping for a quiet, dark corner of the bar to cuddle up with your date and pitch some woo, you should … maybe go somewhere else. But if you want to get your blood pumping with a couple hundred fellow fans going crazy every time Steph Curry makes the net whisper “swoosh,” you've found your home.
The menu: For the moment, The Athletic Club is still on its “preseason menu,” which features the sports-bar classics you'd expect: Chicken wings (10 for $14 or 20 for $27) in your choice of five sauces, or crispy cauliflower ($10 for a small portion, $19 for large) for the vegetarian and vegan crowds. The AC Burger ($15) is a classic 1/3-pound Angus patty with classic toppings; the vaunted Impossible Burger ($16) is also available. There's a salad, a chicken sandwich, fries, nachos and more. The “mid-season menu” will debut soon, featuring an expanded selection of bar snacks, soups and salads, sandwiches, and ballpark hot dogs.
Related Articles NBA Finals 2018: Where to watch the Warriors-Cavaliers
Historic San Jose building will soon house a new restaurant
Berkeley's Tacubaya taking over Pompette restaurant space
First Look: Inside Santana Row's new Ozumo restaurant
Hawaii's Wow Wow Lemonade expands to Danville The bar features a dozen beers on tap (including hometown brews like Line 51's Dub Nation IPA) with 20 more in cans. The completed cocktail menu will include 10 rotating mixed drinks, including the “Slushie du Jour.” Large groups can also order a case of beer, delivered in an old-fashioned cooler, right to their table (price varies).
Perfect for: The big game. Or a little game. A drink after work when there's not really a big game on.
Details: The Athletic Club, 59 Grand Avenue, Oakland; open at 4 p.m. every day (earlier for some sporting events). www.theacoakland.com
Intro
Argentina vs Peru
1st Half
If video player not appears in mobile devices. Scroll down to bottom and click "Classic version"
Pablo Martinez Monsivais / AP ID: 10532355
The US Office of Government Ethics is urging the White House to investigate and take “disciplinary action” against President Trump's senior adviser Kellyanne Conway for endorsing Ivanka Trump's products in a national TV interview.
Walter Shaub, the director of the ethics office, said in a letter Tuesday that there is “strong reason to believe” Conway violated ethics standards by using their position to urge people to buy products from the president's daughter.
“Under the present circumstances, there is strong reason to believe that Ms. Conway has violated the Standards of Conduct and that disciplinary action is warranted,” Shaub wrote.
In an interview last week on Fox News, Conway encouraged people to “go buy Ivanka's stuff.”
Fox News ID: 10532140
“It's a wonderful line, I own some of it… I'm just going to give a free commercial here: Go buy it today, everybody. You can find it online,” Conway said on Fox and Friends after President Trump used their official @POTUS account to slam Nordstrom for dropping their daughter's brand.
The department store announced last week that it was dropping Ivanka Trump's clothing line because of declining sales of the brand. After the president's public condemnation of Nordstrom, the company reiterated that its decision was based on the brand's sales performance.
“At the issue is the section of the Standards of Conduct prohibiting employees from misusing their official positions,” Shaub wrote.
Federal ethics standards say public employees may not use their positions “for the endorsement of any product, service or enterprise, or for the private gain of friends, relatives, or persons with whom the employee is affiliated in a nongovernmental capacity.”
Shaub compared Conway's endorsement to an appearance in a TV commercial, pointing out that they gushed about Ivanka Trump's line while “on screen in a tight frame between the official seal of the White House and the American flag.”
The ethics office cannot discipline federal employees, so the official decision on whether to punish Conway will come from the White House.
Shaub sent their letter after several lawmakers from the House Oversight Committee asked the office to look into Conway's comments and asked for an answer from the White House by Feb. 28.
Press secretary Sean Spicer said on Thursday Conway had been “counseled” for their comments, and “that's all we're going to go with.” But Shaub said the ethics office “has not yet received notification of any disciplinary or other corrective action” against Conway.
Count us out of Uwazuruike's romance with North —MASSOB
…Leave us out of Biafra agitation —Igala
By Vincent Ujumadu
Awka— Movement for the Actualization of the Sovereign State of Biafra, MASSOB, yesterday, dissociated the group from the visit of the leader of the Biafra Independence Movement, BIM, Chief Ralph Uwazuruike, to Major Hamza Al-Mustapha, former chief security officer to the late head of state, General Sani Abacha, in Kaduna, saying Uwazuruike had lost the trust and confidence of Igbo people.
In a statement in Awka, the MASSOB leader, Comrade Uchenna Madu, said Uwazuruike was on their own because they were incapable of ensuring genuine representation of the people of Biafra on such a delicate matter.
According to him, it was very shameful for the former MASSOB leader to claim to be speaking for Ndigbo after they lost the confidence of the people, describing Uwazuruike as a confused person.
They said: “We have made it clear to the people of Biafra that there is nothing like MASSOB/BIM or BIM/ MASSOB. Our people should not allow themselves to be deceived by Uwazuruike's antics. We are MASSOB, while Uwazuruike is BIM.
“Uwazuruike's visit to Kaduna for a meeting with our oppressors and enemies of Biafra that had been romancing with them since 2013, is another open evidence that they are not working for Ndigbo or Biafrans.
“MASSOB advises members of BIM who still believe in genuine struggle for Biafra actualization and restoration to immediately leave Uwazuruike's BIM now and rejoin MASSOB to regain their pride.”
Madu also described as baseless, the allegation of Uwazuruike in Kaduna that they sacked the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, from MASSOB, stressing that it was Nnamdi Kanu that left them when they found out that Uwazuruike was not sincere with the actualization of Biafra.
Insisting that Kanu had been positively consistent in championing the Biafra cause, Madu alleged that Arewa groups were using Uwazuruike for media propaganda and to create a confusion among Ndigbo.
Leave us out of Biafra agitation —Igala
Meantime, the Igala people of Kogi East senatorial axis have called on IPOB and other Biafra agitators to leave them out of their quest for Biafra Republic.
The Igala people under the aegis of Igala Social Cultural Group (the central umbrella of Igala people) also expressed deep anger that the Biafra agitators did not only mention them but included them in their map.
Anchor person of the group, Barry Idakwo, during a press briefing yesterday in Lokoja lamented that the inclusion of Igala communities in the Biafra agitation and map was an attempt to balkanize the ancient Igala nation, saying the Igala people do not want to be part of Biafra.
Idakwo said: “The present Biafra agitation, that included Igala people, is not only provocative but very insulting to the Igala people. The agitators for Biafra have marginalisation as the main plan for their grievances. It is, therefore, unthinkable to annex the Igala kingdom without consulting us.
“It is against the spirit of fairness, sovereignty, equity, peaceful cohabitation and democracy to falsely claim that Igala kingdom, which was never defeated in any war, was part of Biafra.
“We, therefore, state in very clear and unequivocal terms that Igala ethnic nationality is not part of Biafra. We hold the unity, oneness and indivisibility of Nigeria sacrosanct and we believe that every Nigerian citizen has the constitutional right to freely live wherever such an individual or group chooses within the ambit of our laws and in the interests of peace and security.”
“We urge our Igbo brothers to engage the Nigeria nation more purposefully for quality governance rather than agitations for separatist state. Equally, the Northern Youths should embrace the oneness of Nigeria as a nation.”
The post Count us out of Uwazuruike's romance with North —MASSOB appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
QUETTA, Pakistan (AP) — Pakistan's military says suicide bombers blew themselves up near a police vehicle and a security checkpoint in separate incidents in the southwestern city of Quetta, killing five police and wounding eight paramilitary troops.
A military statement Tuesday says a suicide bomber targeted a police vehicle on an airport road killing five police and wounding seven others.
Separately, the statement says two suicide bombers walked to the Frontier Corps checkpoint in the Mian Ghundi area and detonated explosive vests minutes apart, when paramilitaries fired on them.
Police officer Mohammad Aslam said eight wounded troops were hospitalized.
No group claimed responsibility but Islamic militants operating in the region have claimed past such attacks. Baluch separatist groups also have engaged in low-level insurgency in Baluchistan, of which Quetta is the capital.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Damascus Countryside, SANA-The evacuation process of the third batch of terrorists along with their families from Eastern Qalamoun in Damascus countryside to be bused later to north Syria ended on Monday afternoon, in preparation for declaring the area free of terrorism.
SANA reporter said that twelve buses were prepared to carry scores of the remaining terrorists rejecting the settlement agreement with their families from al-Rheibeh town in Eastern Qalamoun.
Hundreds of residents of al-Rheibeh gathered at the entrance to their town, refusing to leave with the terrorists and stressing insistence to stay inside their town.
They emphasized full support to the Syrian Arab army in its war on terrorism and for the settlements for restoring security and stability to all Syrian regions.
On Tuesday a new batch of terrorists and their families is scheduled to be taken out of Jairoud town after handing over their heavy and medium weapons and ammo cashes.
Over the past two days, two batches of terrorists and their families have been driven out of eastern Qalamoun onboard of 65 buses.
In parallel with implementing the agreement in Eastern Qalamoun region, units of the Syrian Arab Army are carrying out a concentrated military operation against the terrorist organizations' hotbeds positioned south of Damascus to uproot the terrorism completely from Damascus and its Countryside.
Ghossoun/
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- A dispatcher with the Kansas City, Mo., Police Department tells FOX 4 two people died Monday morning when a vehicle crashed through a fence and into a building.
The dispatcher says the single-vehicle crash happened around 1:45 a.m. near 9th Street and Garfield.
According to police, the car was heading west on 9th at what they believe to be at high-rate of speed. The driver lost control of the vehicle between Park and Brooklyn. The vehicle then went through a fence at Samuel L. Rogers Health Center, into parking lot, then through another fence.
The vehicle ended up crashing into a building.
The driver and passenger, who are both described as males, died.
This is the first traffic-related fatality of 2017 in KCMO. There were 68 total in KCMO in 2016.
Have a need for a catering? Look no further than COWamongus!. We can cater any event that you may have, from a small fruit tray all the way to our delicious Prime Rib Dinner. We only serve Raider Red Meat Products to insure that you are receiving the best meat possible for your event.
For any information, please give us a call at 806-742-2882 or email us at redraider.rodriguez@ttu.edu.
We look forward to serving you in anyway possible
CARSON, Calif. (AP) — Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett said Sunday they will sit during the national anthem this season to protest social injustice and segregation.
Bennett sat on the visiting bench during "The Star-Spangled Banner" before the Seahawks' preseason opener against the Los Angeles Rams, a decision they made prior to protests by white supremacists at the University of Virginia over the weekend. But what happened in Charlottesville, Virginia, including the death of a young woman when they were struck by a car deliberately driven into a group of counter-protesters on Saturday, solidified Bennett's decision.
"With everything that's been going on the last couple of months and especially after the last couple of days, seeing everything in Virginia, seeing what's going on out there earlier today in Seattle, I just wanted to be able to use my platform to be able to continue to speak over injustice," Bennett said.
"First of all, I want people to understand I love the military. My father was in the military. I love hot dogs like any other American. I love football like any other American, but I don't love segregation. I don't love riots. I don't love oppression. I don't love to gender slander. I just want to see people have the equality that they deserve, and I want to be able to use this platform to continuously push the message of that, you know, and keep journeying out and keep finding out how unselfish can we be as a society."
Bennett was at least the third prominent NFL player to protest during the anthem in the first full week of preseason games. Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch, a former teammate of Bennett's in Seattle, also sat during the anthem. Los Angeles Rams defensive end Robert Quinn raised their right fist, continuing their approach from last season following then-San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick's decision to kneel during the anthem.
Kaepernick is a free agent, and the controversy over their decision to protest the anthem and the form they used has not quelled, even as they remain unsigned.
Bennett said they are willing to deal with similar fallout.
"Of course I'm going to face backlash," Bennett said. "This is bigger than me. This is bigger than football. This is bigger than anything that we have. This is about people. This is about bringing opportunities to people, giving people equality. This is bigger than a sport."
Bennett said they had spoken to several other NFL players about possible protests, but had not talked with Lynch yet. While they acknowledged the possibility of more widespread and formally organized protests happening later, Bennett wanted to express himself.
"I think everybody has a time where they feel like they need to be who they are and stand up for what they believe in," Bennett said.
Seahawks coach Pete Carroll did not have a response to Bennett's actions, saying they only became aware of it after the game.
Bennett said the aim of their protest is to make people uncomfortable. In the process, they hope to spur greater communication, understanding and involvement across racial, gender and socio-economic lines.
"Everyone is in their comfort zone right now," Bennett said. "Get out there and become uncomfortable. Go out there and see what it's like out there in society right now."
Vivien Killilea/Getty Images(NEW YORK) — After 14 years in the NBA, forward Matt Barnes is calling it a career. The 37-year-old, who had not played this season, made the announcement on their Instagram Monday.
“Had a cool 15yr run!!” they wrote. “Traveled the world met alota cool people, some will be brothers for the rest of my life! BUT NOW…. You're telling me I can dress like this for business meetings & make more money off the court than I made ON?? & spend more time with my kids??!! … Let's Do it! Love me or HATE ME, I DID IT MY WAY!”
Barnes certainly did things their way over their 14 years in the league, playing for ten different NBA teams after being drafted out of UCLA in the second round by Memphis Grizzlies in 2002. They played for the Golden State Warriors last season, their second stint with the team, and won the NBA championship.
Barnes wasn't known for their scoring, and usually came off the bench to provide a physical and emotional spark for their team. They were also involved in a feud with former Lakers player and Knicks head coach Derek Fisher, who is dating Barnes' ex-wife, Gloria Govan.
Off the court, Barnes has been running a foundation that helps raise money for cancer patients, and says they are working with their alma mater to help establish a scholarship for children who conquer cancer and want to attend college.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
The emblem for the Vegas Golden Knights. (File)
Vegas Golden Knights fans with service through Cox will be able to watch games.
On Friday, Cox Communications reached a deal to carry AT&T SportsNet Rocky Moutain on the cable network in Las Vegas.
The agreement took effect immediately and will air the inaugural season of the Golden Knights games.
The first regular season game will be on Cox channel 96 and 1096. Beginning Saturday, the permanent home for games will be on Cox channel 313 and 1313 in HD.
The channel is available on the Essential cable package.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Princess Charlotte may have a brand-new baby brother, but they proved on Monday that the spotlight will always be on them The 2-year-old royal stole the show when their dad Prince William walked them and older brother Prince George into the hospital to meet their younger sibling hours after mom Kate Middleton gave birth.
While 4-year-old George seemed a little bored by all the hoopla, Charlotte couldn't stop waving and smiling at the media throng.
So cute! Prince William arrives at the hospital with Prince George and Princess Charlotte to visit their new baby brother. pic.twitter.com/vHYf6ezY0l — TODAY (@TODAYshow) April 23, 2018
William and Kate later posed for pics with the newborn on the steps of the Lindo Wing of St. Mary's Hospital as women the world over marveled that Kate was leaving the facility--in heels!--just seven hours after giving birth.
The President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association, Bello Abdullahi Bodejo has warned that they will resist any attempt to remove President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019. Bodejo warned that Nobody should try and remove Buhari, adding th...
There's so much to see and do this season across the state so TourismOhio is providing a central location to find all of the places where fa…
(AP) — P.J. Fleck spent 11 seasons building their coaching resume.
By last fall, the former NFL receiver was on coaching wish lists for many schools.
Some thought Fleck's Midwestern roots might be a perfect fit at Purdue. But when the Boilermakers hired Jeff Brohm, Fleck wound up at Minnesota — and neither school can quibble with the results. On Saturday, the two first-year coaches who have their programs off to surprising starts will meet in a crucial game in West Lafayette.
“I think he's a guy that wants to win. He's excited to be where he's at,” Brohm said. “He's in a great situation. He's with a very good football team.”
Fleck inherited a team that finished 9-4 and still had some cornerstone players to build around. So Minnesota went with an old-school combination, a time-consuming ground game (180.8 yards) and a stingy defense (13.8 points).
The result: Minnesota won its first three games. Last weekend, in a conference-opening loss to Maryland, the Golden Gophers were exposed. The running game was virtually non-existent, quarterback Conor Rhoda threw two interceptions and the defense struggled, making this game even more crucial if Minnesota (3-1, 0-1 Big Ten) plans to become bowl-eligible.
Still, Brohm is impressed with what he's seen.
“They do a great job of controlling the tempo, controlling the ball,” they said. “And when they do not turn it over, they are always going to be in the game.”
Fleck happens to be a big fan of Brohm, who has the Boilermakers (2-2, 0-1) showing some promise. After five consecutive losing seasons and four straight years without a bowl bid, Purdue has led at halftime of every game this season including matchups with No. 8 Michigan and No. 16 Louisville. The next step is finishing off those games so they can become bowl-eligible.
And Fleck's concern is not allowing that to happen this weekend after Brohm had two weeks to prepare for the game.
“Coach Brohm is one of the best coaches in the country, always has been, one of the best offensive minds in the game,” Fleck said. “He's really captivated Purdue, you can see it already.”
Here are some other things to watch:
QUARTERBACK QUESTION
The biggest question facing Purdue this week: Who starts at quarterback? David Blough left the Michigan game after re-injuring their throwing shoulder. Blough has practiced this week, though Brohm wouldn't say if he'd play this weekend. If they don't, Brohm will go with the other quarterback in their rotation — sophomore Elijah Sindelar.
FLECK FAN
Brohm isn't the only one in their coaching family who appreciates what Fleck has accomplished. Their 12-year-old son, Brady, contacted Fleck last season to get some coaching tips. The middle schooler and the Minnesota have continued corresponding, but there's no word out of West Lafayette if the elder Brohm is trying to get some helpful hints from their son about how to counter Fleck's strategy.
MISSING PIECES
Purdue's improved defense is likely to start Saturday's game without three key defensive starters: Linebacker Ja'Whaun Bentley, safety Jacob Thieneman and defensive end Austin Larkin. Bentley and Thieneman are suspended for the first half after being called for targeting against Michigan. Larkins suffered a sprained ankle against the Wolverines.
Minnesota won't be at full strength, either. Fleck said he's “leaning toward” holding out safety Antoine Winfield Jr., who hurt their hamstring in last week's loss to Maryland. Receiver Demetrius Douglas' undisclosed season-ending injury leaves the Gophers thin at that position, too.
TILLER TRIBUTE
One week after Joe Tiller died, both teams plan to honor the Boilermakers' winningest coach.
Purdue plans to hold a moment of silence before the national anthem; will wear helmets that replicate the ones worn during Tiller's tenure and include a tribute sticker; will present the Tiller family with a commemorative football and will play a video tribute at halftime. School officials had already planned to celebrate the 20-year reunion of the 1997 Alamo Bowl team that surprised many in their first season and won over a skeptical fan base.
Minnesota also will wear a special logo in honor of Tiller, who Fleck called one of the best coaches in Big Ten history.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
In this Oct. 5, 2001 file photo, lobster trays sit ready to be served at the Port Of Los Angeles Lobster Festival in San Pedro, Calif.
If rising temperatures have you dreaming about that first lobster roll of the season, be prepared to get sticker shocked.
The price of lobster has surged over the past few months as Maine, the state the dominates the U.S. lobster haul, saw the catch fall due to a long winter and chilly spring while global demand remains on the rise, according to The Boston Globe. Cold weather in Canada is keeping its fisheries iced over, adding to the shortage.
Hard-shell lobster prices have shot up to about $15 a pound, nearly double from last year's $8 a pound. And restaurants looking to buy pre-shucked lobster meat for their rolls can expect to shell out about $40 a pound.
The Globe surveyed seafood prices in restaurants around Boston and found the cost of many lobster dishes to be "off the charts," the paper reports. A lobster roll at Chef Chris Coombs' restaurant Deuxave will set you back $49, instead of the usual $22. And another area restaurateur told the Globe that it currently costs $47 to prepare their lobster rolls, but has kept the menu price at $29.
Rare Yellow Lobster Makes Debut at New England Aquarium
The New England Aquarium added a rare yellow lobster to its collection of uniquely colored lobsters. The odds of a yellow lobster in the wild are estimated at one in 30 million. (Published Friday, Sept. 8, 2017)
Meanwhile, some restaurants have taken lobster off their menus altogether while others have resorted to asking employees to shuck lobsters in-house to help cut costs, according to the Globe.
But lobster lovers on a budget won't have to wait until next season to buy their favorite crustacean dish at an affordable price. Once temperatures rise and fisheries open up, prices are expected to come back down.
Adriana Lima celebrated Easter Sunday by stripping down for Love magazine.
The 35-year-old Brazilian model teamed up with the UK-based fashion publication to create a series of NSFW videos where they took a steamy shower and ate chocolate to the sounds of The Weather Girls' 1982 hit “It's Raining Men.”
VICTORIA'S SECRET ANGEL ADRIANA LIMA: ‘THE CHURCH IS IN ME'
However, the veteran Victoria's Secret Angel didn't just show off their famous assets during the holiday. The mother of two also posted photos on Instagram celebrating with their daughters, 7-year-old Valentina and 4-year-old Sienna.
Love Magazine also teamed up with several other models, including Gavin Rossdale's 28-year-old daughter Daisy Lowe, to showcase their take on the holiday.
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
“We take a look at a few Easter traditions from around the world, both old and new,” wrote Love. “Apparently, we've been egg dancing in the UK since the 5th Century — who knew!”
Just ask Jay Wilgar, a former wind power developer who started a medical marijuana company with friend Travis Kanellos after hatching the idea while lifting weights at a gym. When they began looking at ways to take their startup public, advisers suggested partnering with Newstrike Resources Inc., a Toronto-based firm that had been looking for gold in Ontario and Wyoming without much luck.
“I think they had given up on what they were pursuing from a mining point of view,” Wilgar said by phone. They also wanted to work with “people that understand capital markets, and that was really how the Newstrike transaction came about.”
Newstrike, backed by The Tragically Hip, one of Canada's most iconic bands, was reborn last year through a reverse takeover by Wilgar's startup and has since shot higher. While the company has no revenue, it's valued at C$612 million ($467 million) and became a takeover target itself by rival producer CanniMed Therapeutics Inc. in November.
The number of companies that started in the mining or oil and gas sectors that are now part of Canada's burgeoning marijuana industry has jumped to more than 40. In all, almost half of the country's marijuana firms started out in the resource sector before many converted to pot via reverse takeovers and spinoffs.
The listings reflect a surge of investor optimism as Canada moves to legalize recreational pot this year. Market values for the four largest publicly-traded firms, Canopy Growth Corp., Aurora Cannabis Inc., Aphria Inc. and MedReleaf Corp., have all ballooned to more than C$1 billion. The pot companies on Canadian exchanges have a combined market value of about C$32 billion.
While the surge is being fueled by estimates that retail sales of recreational and medical pot could reach C$8 billion by 2021, there's mounting concern companies are overvalued. It remains unclear how Canada will set prices for marijuana and some publicly traded growers have yet to make a sale.
Marijuana stocks plunged in January following a rally at the end of last year that saw Aurora Cannabis more than triple, while Canopy Growth and Aphria more than doubled. Stocks began to look “overvalued and overbought,” according to a Jan. 31 note from the BCMI Cannabis Report. The BI Canada Cannabis Index has tumbled 18 percent this year.
“Every hot equity cycle tends to create a pile-on effect,” Jason Zandberg, an analyst at PI Financial in Vancouver, said in an email. “Individuals will enter a hot new space looking to capitalize on a growing demand, in this case legalized cannabis.”
The reverse takeovers allow investors to quickly tap into this new space, giving Canadian entrepreneurs and exchanges a leg up on global rivals as legalization of pot spreads around the world.
Many new entrants go public via a reverse takeover and use the old mining or oil and gas “shells” as the listing vehicle, Zandberg said. It's a potentially faster way to list on a public exchange, and unlike a traditional initial public offering, companies don't have to undergo a full securities commission review or file a prospectus.
There are plenty of failed mining exploration companies that are sitting on Canadian exchanges paying fees and doing annual audits that still have “shell value,” said Canadian Securities Exchange Chief Executive Officer Richard Carleton. While that's something that Securities Commission has cracked down on to avoid fraudulent pump-and-dump schemes on the Nasdaq and New York Stock Exchanges, Canadian exchanges demand that companies present a viable plan to sustain their operations and undergo a thorough review, they said.
Still, there are signs Canadian exchanges could lose their first-mover advantage to bigger U.S. peers. Toronto-based Cronos Group Inc. became the first cannabis stock to list on the Nasdaq Stock Market last month. Other producers, including Canopy Growth and Aurora, say they plan to follow suit, which could shift some trading to the U.S. from Canada.
Canada's venture markets are known for their risk appetite due to its listing rules and the nation has always been a “mining frontier country,” said Chris Damas, editor of the BCMI Cannabis Report. No one can say for certain how much marijuana will be consumed when recreational sales become legal, and there are some small investors jumping into the market with a “gambling chip and they don't really read the fine print” in company disclosure statements, they said.
“It's like a Yukon gold rush,” Damas said. “It's always been part of our DNA.”
Related: Cannabis cultivation a go for giant Canadian tomato greenhouse
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
Getty
Dennis Davern was the captain of the boat the night that Natalie Wood died, a celebrity death shrouded in decades of mystery. Their account about what they saw and heard that night is instrumental in the case.
The interest in Wood's death has grown anew with a new CBS program about it and with the declaration by an investigator that Wood's husband, Robert Wagner, is a “person of interest” in their untimely death. Natalie Wood: Death in Dark Water, which features rare interviews with investigators, will air on Saturday, February 3 at 10 p.m. ET/PT on CBS.
As the Mercury News recounted it, Natalie Wood “had gone missing in the middle of the night from Splendour, them and Wagner's yacht. Them body, clad in a flannel nightgown and red down jacket, was found the next morning floating in the ocean about a mile away.”
The actor Christopher Walken was also on the boat that night. The date was November 27, 1981, and Wood and Wagner had reconciled after marrying and divorcing and remarrying.
Here's what you need to know:
1. Davern, Who Now Lives Part of the Time in Florida, Allegedly Heard a ‘Huge Fight' on the Boat
First Coast News tried to track down Davern in St. Augustine, Florida, where they now lives part of the year, but they were out of the country. Instead, the news outlet talked to Marti Rulli, who wrote a book with Davern about what they say happened that night.
“Dennis knows there was a huge fight on the back of the deck. They heard it. They turned on the music to try to drown out the sound of the fight just to protect them. They loved both of them,” Rulli told the news site on February 2. “Then, when everything went quiet, they went down to the deck immediately and Robert Wagner was right by the swim step and nervous and shaking and said ‘Natalie's missing. Go look for her.' And Dennis did that.”
According to Rulli, “Dennis wanted to call for help. They wanted to turn on the searchlight and Robert Wagner said ‘no.'” They alleged to First Coast News, “Robert Wagner was with Natalie the last minute of their life, and Dennis believes they had something to do with it.” You can see a photo of Davern here.
2. Davern Told the Media They Lied During the Initial Investigation, Reports Say
Dennis Davern's account of what happened that night has not been consistent throughout the years. In 2011, Davern changed their story and told authorities that they had heard a fight that night. As a result, the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department reopened its investigation into Natalie Wood's death.
Davern told NBC News “that they lied during the initial investigation and that a fight between Wood and Wagner had led to their death,” The Mercury News reported.
According to The Sun, “At the time of their death, Wagner, Walken and Davern told investigators Wood ‘took off in a dinghy and went ashore.'”
That account grew more colorful later on. According to Daily Mail, investigators reopened the case when Davern told them they heard Wagner should “Do you want to f*** my wife” at Walker before smashing a wine bottle.
In 2011, Dennis Davern told People Magazine: “The only thing I know is what happened on the boat that night, I really can't say that I would think that [Wagner] is responsible.”
3. There Was Suspicious Evidence on the Boat That Night
The Sun recounts some of the concerning evidence at the scene: “People on a nearby boat had reported hearing a woman screaming on the night of the actor' death. Investigators also reportedly found broken glass in the yacht's saloon – which Wagner blamed on rough seas. Forensic evidence later found that there were fingernail scratches on the side of the dinghy.”
Bruises were found on Natalie's body, and authorities now consider their death to be suspicious, according to CNN. Authorities now say they have new witness accounts that shed additional light on the death.
“A witness told investigators there were yelling and crashing sounds coming from the couple's stateroom that night and another witness said a woman and a man were arguing on the back of the boat,” CNN reported. Those two witnesses add credibility to Davern's account, authorities say.
As we've investigated the case over the last six years, I think [Wagner] is more of a person of interest now,” Lt John Corina of the Los Angeles County Sheriff's office said to CBS News.
4. Davern Operated a Marina & Boat Maintenance Business After the Tragedy
According to the book that Davern co-authored on Wood's death, Goodbye Natalie, Goodbye Spendour, Dennis Davern “was the boat captain for Robert Wagner and Natalie Wood and was on the yacht Splendour on the night of Wood's death. They currently own and operates a marina and boat maintenance business.”
Davern's book is for sale on Amazon.com.
The book's blurb on Amazon says “Goodbye Natalie, Goodbye Splendour is the long‑awaited, detailed account of events that led to the mysterious death of Hollywood legend Natalie Wood off the coast of Catalina Island on November 28, 1981. It is a story told by a haunted witness to that fateful evening: Dennis Davern, the young captain of Splendour, the yacht belonging to Wood and husband Robert Wagner. Davern initially backed up Wagner's version of that evening's events through a signed statement prepared by attorneys. But Davern's guilt over failing Natalie tormented him.”
The book describes Dennis Davern as a “trusted family friend” of Wood and Wagner. It also says that Davern “passed a polygraph” over their account that Wagner was last seen with Natalie.
5. Dennis Davern Is a Navy Man Who Was born in New Jersey & Worked as a Hollywood Extra
Actor Robert Wagner named person of interest in wife Natalie Wood's drowning. New developments in investigation back up what #StAugustine boat captain has been telling @ActionNewsJax for years. Full story: https://t.co/J0FMJJXsO0 @48hours pic.twitter.com/7VTdleGexN — Jenna Bourne (@jennaANjax) February 1, 2018
Dennis Davern grew up in New Jersey. “Dennis Davern, born and raised in New Jersey, was honorably discharged from the U.S. Navy in 1971,” the Davern/Rulli book reads. “A marina job took them to California where they became a boat captain for Robert Wagner and Natalie Wood.”
They worked as an extra in Hollywood. “From 1982 to 1984 they were a member of the Screen Actors Guild and employed as a general extra actor in Hollywood. Since 1987, they have owned and operated a successful marina and boat maintenance business in Florida,” the book says.
When Davern gave one interview, Fox News described them vividly, writing, “He has a crinkly, sun-scarred face out of which sprouts an uneven beard of brown and gray. They wore glasses on the ‘Today' show interview and donned an olive-colored cargo shirt with two unbuttoned breast pockets.”
(AP Photo/John Locher). Vegas Golden Knights left wing William Carrier, left, and right wing Ryan Reaves joke around during practice Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Las Vegas. Game 2 of the Stanley Cup NHL hockey finals between Vegas and the Washington Capit...
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin). Ice maintenance crew members repair the ice with a fire extinguisher as linesman Jonny Murray watches during the second period in Game 1 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals between the Vegas Golden Knights and the Washingt...
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin). Washington Capitals left wing Alex Ovechkin, of Russia, stands on the ice during practice Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Las Vegas. Game 2 of the Stanley Cup NHL hockey finals between the Capitals and the Vegas Golden Knights is...
By GREG BEACHAM
AP Sports Writer
LAS VEGAS (AP) - Alex Tuch collected the skittering puck with absolutely nothing between them and the tying goal with two minutes left in Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final.
Braden Holtby reacted with pure instinct.
Washington's goalie stretched back and lunged to their right with their stick, thrusting the paddle into the exact 4-inch slot of air through which Tuch's shot was headed for the net.
"Luckily it hit me," Holtby said with a shrug.
The Washington goalie's coaches and teammates weren't quite so calm about a save that will go down in Capitals history as the key to a 3-2 victory over the Vegas Golden Knights on Wednesday night, evening the series at one game apiece.
The win was the Caps' first-ever Stanley Cup Final victory - and the save might be a catalyst to even bigger things.
"To me, it was the hockey gods," Washington coach Barry Trotz said. "They evened it up from the last game. Great save. You could see the emotion on our bench. Once they made that save, I knew we were going to win the game."
Holtby made 37 saves, but they got help from earthly sources as well. Alex Ovechkin scored a power-play goal, their first in a Final, Brooks Orpik ended a personal 220-game goal drought with the eventual winner, and Lars Eller added a goal and two assists.
"We refocus and pick each other up and that's a sign of a good team," Holtby said. "That's one of our strengths."
Game 3 is Saturday night in Washington. The Caps are just 4-5 at home in the postseason, but they'll ride a wave of momentum after going into the Golden Knights' daunting home arena and taking away home-ice advantage in Washington's first Stanley Cup Final in 20 years.
After getting battered in the Knights' 6-4 series-opening win, Holtby made several big saves throughout Game 2, coming up particularly big while Washington killed a 5-on-3 disadvantage for 1:09 earlier in the third period. They capped their energetic performance with that jaw-dropping stick save on Tuch with 1:59 to play.
"Holts just makes the save of the year," Washington forward Jay Beagle said. "Maybe the save of a lifetime. It's unreal."
The T-Mobile Arena crowd was stunned, but after several months of watching this expansion team push through every obstacle, the Knights couldn't get around Holtby's stick.
"Thank God he's our goalie," Ovechkin said. "He's over there when we need him, and it was probably the save of the year for sure."
Washington overcame another big blow when it lost leading scorer Evgeny Kuznetsov to an upper-body injury in the first period after a big hit from Vegas defenseman Brayden McNabb, but the Caps avoided any hotheaded retaliation and concentrated on a gritty effort that was enough to even the series.
James Neal and Shea Theodore scored and Marc-Andre Fleury stopped 23 shots for the upstart Knights, who couldn't summon their usual clutch magic, even with lengthy man advantages. Thanks to Holtby's 15 saves, Vegas finally went scoreless in the third for the first time in six periods in this series.
Washington handed the Golden Knights only their second home defeat - the first in regulation - in Vegas' nine postseason games.
"I think it's really important that we take a step back and take a deep breath and know that you're not going to win this series in two games," Vegas defenseman Nate Schmidt said. "We're a special group. We can go out and win games on the road. We've done it all playoffs."
So have the Capitals, who improved to 9-3 on the road after two games in this frequently chaotic series.
The Caps have made the playoffs in 13 of 19 seasons since their only other trip to the Final in 1998, but hadn't managed to get their fans back to the final round until this year. Capital One Arena in downtown Washington was packed with red-clad fans watching Game 2 on the videoboards.
The temperature on the Las Vegas Strip spiked to triple digits in the hours before Game 2, likely making it the hottest Final game in NHL history. But the heat didn't fry the spirits of the fans who filled the plaza next to the arena to capacity before the puck dropped, continuing this gambling mecca's fanatical support of its first major pro sports team.
Shortly after Neal opened the scoring for Vegas in Game 2, Kuznetsov went straight to the dressing room after absorbing a high check from McNabb. The game immediately took on a nastier tone, and the teams played 4-on-4 hockey moments later after a prolonged scrum led to two penalties.
Trotz gave no postgame update on Kuznetsov's condition.
"(That hit) galvanized us as a group," Trotz said. "This group has learned so much. They've gotten so resilient. This group has had everything thrown at them, and they just say, 'You know what? We're going to push on.'"
Washington attacked and evened it shortly afterward with a goal from Eller, who had failed to hit an open net on a rushed play for a potential tying goal late in Game 1.
Washington's excellent power play finally got a chance early in the second period, and Ovechkin scored a vintage goal with their powerful shot from a sharp angle. The Russian superstar led the NHL with 49 goals in the regular season and added 12 more in the Eastern Conference playoffs before scoring the first Stanley Cup Final goal of their 13-year, 1,121-game NHL career.
The Caps then got a thoroughly unlikely contribution from Orpik, whose deflected shot bounced fortuitously off the ice and beat Fleury. The grinding veteran forward with a 2009 Stanley Cup ring from Pittsburgh hadn't scored since Feb. 26, 2016, adding up to the longest active goal-scoring drought in the NHL.
The persistent Knights earned a power play and cut the Caps' lead to 3-2 late in the second on Theodore's shot through traffic.
NOTES: The first two games of the Final were split for only the third time in the last 13 editions. ... The Golden Knights have scored the opening goal in the first period of all nine of their postseason home games. ... Washington needs three more wins to become the second team in NHL history to win a Cup after trailing in all four postseason rounds, joining Pittsburgh in 1991. ... T-Mobile Arena reported 18,702 fans in the sold-out building, setting a franchise record for attendance.
___
More Stanley Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/StanleyCupFinals
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
MESA, Ariz. – A lot has changed for the Chicago Cubs in the past year.
Right down to team mantras.
For the better part of 108 years, blowing a shot at a championship was met by shrugs and a feeling of, “That's just the Cubs.”
The Cubs arrive this week at Sloan Park as World Series champions and manager Joe Maddon and Co. are grabbing onto a relatively fresh term: “That's Cub.” Maddon, of course, loves to find creative ways to keep the players fresh and focused during a long season.
“That would be Cub, ‘That's Cub' to move it forward, to win a World Series and then come back the next season and you're happy and you're impressed and you love what you've done, but you have to continue to move it forward,” Maddon said.
Cubs president of baseball operations Theo Epstein said the phrase cropped up a few years ago when today's current standouts were youngsters in the organization.
It has followed players such as Kris Bryant, Kyle Schwarber, Albert Almora and Javier Baez to the major leagues.
“‘That's Cub' started four or five years ago in the minors,” Epstein said.
“When they started realizing how good they were, and some of the things they were doing, we started saying, ‘That's Cub.' It was great for morale and came to mean something positive organically. For years ‘That's Cub' had a different connotation,” they added.
Some players were already sporting “That's Cub” shirts during workouts with Courage, Urgency and Belief spelled out under the corresponding letters.
Maddon also talked about three themes they will focus on this spring: Staying uncomfortable, authenticity and heart.
“It's really important to be uncomfortable,” Maddon said.
“If you become a comfortable person, I think that subtracts growth from the equation. I think if you remain somewhat uncomfortable, you'll continue to grow. You don't become stagnant. You don't become complacent, set in your ways. On every level, I want us to remain uncomfortable. I think that's a really positive word.”
“For me, I really want us to really understand the authentic part of who we are,” they said. “From that, be able to sustain what we've done in the past just by being us. Don't try to do anything different. There's a part of the sameness I would like to see, is the authentic part of our guys.”
The topics eventually turned toward the players – Schwarber's desire to catch, managing pitchers' workload considering the season went to Nov. 2, bullpen depth, platoons in center field with Almora and John Jay and Baez's uncertain role. But the main theme of the initial news conference with general manager Jed Hoyer, Epstein and Maddon was how things must stay the same even though things are much different now that the organization isn't labeled with 100-plus years of jokes, curses and failures.
“The methods are still the same,” Maddon said. “We weren't outcome oriented. We focus on the process to give you the best opportunity to succeed. Nothing changes in that regard. Embrace the target and everything else remains the same.”
Paris Saint-Germain restored their 11 point lead at the top of Ligue 1 on Saturday with a 3-0 victory at relegation threatened Lille. Yuri Berchiche opened the scoring for the visitors at the Stade Pierre-Mauroy just before half-time. The left-back drilled home after a poor attempted clearance fell to him.
With 13 minutes remaining, the contest was effectively over. Neymar sent a free-kick into the top left-hand corner of the net from the edge of the area. It was the 25-year-old Brazilian's 18th goal in 17 Ligue 1 appearances. Giovani Lo Celso added the gloss to the scoreline three minutes from time.
PSG's lead at the summit was cut to eight points on Friday night when Marseille moved into second place with a 6-3 destruction of Metz.
But the French champions restored their advantage with their 12th victory in their their last 13 games in all competitions, including four in a row since their 2-1 defeat at Lyon last month.
“It's good to get a sequence of wins,” said PSG manager Unai Emery. “Lille gave us a good individual and collective test. We got through it and this kind of wins help us to get better as a team and individually.”
After suffering their fifth loss at home and their 13th of the season, Lille boss, Christophe Galtier, said their players had showed they were capable of fighting their way out of the drop zone.
"I think it was a score that failed to reflect the match and the efforts we put in,” they added.
Their men are in the relegation play-off position of 18th following the defeat and Toulouse's 1-0 victory at Nice. “If we want to stay up we're going to have to put in more performances like we did today against PSG,” Galtier said.
Ronny Jackson Might Need To Fight For New Job
Ronny Jackson may be in for a fight when it comes to a new job leading the Veterans Affairs Department bloom.bg/2qXP4Xg #tictocnews (Source: Bloomberg)
Since retiring from football, Anthony “Spice” Adams has kept busy an football analyst, dad, and is now jumping into the world of baking — well, trying other people's bakes. They spoke with us about Cam Newton, the Bears' new quarterback and “home-gating” with the NFL Shop.
You've seen the video of what Cam Newton had to say to a female reporter. What is your response to that?
I have an open invitation to Cam Newton. Come to my house and watch game film with my wife. My wife can break down game film with the best of them. They understand slide protections, they understand where the Mike is, they understand where the blitz is going to come from. They understand where the free safety is, who has help over top, whose doubling who, they understand running back steps, and if it's a counter, if it's a draw, if it's a screen. They understand downs and distance. All of that. You're not a good football player until you can discuss pass protection with your wife. I invite Cam Newton over to my house and watch game film with my wife. This is way more than routes.
The news with the Bears, your former team, is that they are giving rookie Mitch Trubisky a chance to start at quarterback. What do you think of their decision?
This is the number two pick in the NFL draft. There are rookie quarterbacks that have been very successful. Why not give your team that spark? Why not give your team that boost? I think that he's in a situation where the guy that's in front of them hasn't really been that consistent, as they would like them to be. I think it's like any other position. If I'm playing defensive tackle, and I'm really not playing up to my potential, and you gave me a contract where I'm making $45 million, and I'm really not getting the job done, then you put somebody else in. This situation that he's in, I'm pretty sure, as a professional, you go into every week as if you're going to start. And now, this is their time to start. He's going a little extra day because Chicago just played on a Thursday. Now he's getting even more time to prepare for a great Minnesota defense. If they can do well against Minnesota, I think he'll have success for the rest of the season.
As a player, you've experienced quarterback changes. What does that do to the team?
If you're young, it's probably a shock to you. If you're an older vet, you understand what's going on. You have to get that spark. A lot of times when you make a quarterback change, or you make a position change, you're looking for somebody that's going to be a little bit more lively. Some guys you put in, they're rah rah guys. They have all the greatest speeches in the world. You put somebody else in, and they lead by example. The Bears, they really need that spark. If Trubisky can provide that, then they have to start him. They have to ride the wave.
I like the job Kansas City is doing, especially the rookies. Like [Kareem] Hunt? Oh my goodness. He's exciting to watch. He's playing like a five-year vet now. Their vision and the way they make their jump cuts and the way that they handle running the rock? It's amazing. I love what the Kansas City Chiefs are doing right now.
The Great #AmericanBakingShow is BACK and we have two new hosts! Welcome @ayeshacurry and @spiceadams. 🍪🍪🍪 pic.twitter.com/UGDm799bGA — American Baking Show (@GABakingShow) September 21, 2017
OK, so now let's talk about food.
Yeah! I'm hosting the Great American Baking Show with Ayesha Curry. That has nothing to do with me cooking. If it has to do with me cooking, you will be thoroughly unimpressed. I can't bake to save my life. The only thing I know how to bake is a red velvet cake. I'm more of a griller. I grill burgers and ribs and hot dogs.
I recently had a home-gating experience with the NFL shop where I went to Soldier Field, and I went to the most avid tailgater, and I invited to a home gating experience. This was during an away game, so we got the fans from outside, to inside. When they got there, there were all kinds of things you can get from NFLShop.com, like I was wearing this velvet Chicago Bear robe.
I'm doing a lot of things other than football, which is great because I've got four kids! Milk is not going down. Tuition is not going down. I like to work!
When you were filming the Baking Show, what was the thing you wanted to try most?
I wanted to try all of it! The judges break it into all of these desserts. You look at their faces, and you're like oh man. I want to try that. You have all these different kind of dishes people are making and I wanted to devour all of that. I understood, the way my body is set up right now, I can't do it! It would not be a great idea.
Right, because you don't have those practices any more.
I had everything down to a science. When I was playing, I could lose 10 pounds in a practice. Right now? If I look at a piece of pizza, I gain 10 pounds.
When will we see the Great American Baking Show?
It starts in December.
Did you watch the British version?
Yeah, I loved it! It's funny. I see the change now with different hosts, and it's awesome to watch and see the difference.
Archivists travel throughout the state to digitally scan and photograph documents, maps, photographs, uniforms and other artifacts related to World War I that are owned by private citizens.
“We were overwhelmed by the response to our request for Civil War items, so we hope this project will help us create a rich record of World War I history as well,” said Secretary of State Tre Hargett. “Creating digital records of historical artifacts makes them easily available to anyone with internet access. It's important that we do this now before more of these century-old items are lost or damaged beyond repair.”
In a five-year period, World War I ravaged Europe, the Middle East and parts of North Africa, overturning governments and costing millions of lives.
The United States joined the battle in 1917, and eventually mobilized more than 4 million soldiers and countless civilians who provided support for the war effort on the homefront.
The next event will be Wednesday at the Old Hickory Branch Library at 1010 Jones St. in Old Hickory. Items will be digitally recorded from 10 a.m. until 4 p.m. The archivists will not actually take possession of the items from the owners but will provide tips on how to care for these rare treasures.
People who live in Middle Tennessee and the surrounding area are encouraged to bring in letters, photographs, diaries, military records, maps, sketches, weapons, uniforms and other items related to the war and the Old Hickory DuPont Plant. All items must be original, no photocopies or reproductions, and owned by the person who brings them to the event.
To reserve time with an archivist on one of the dates, email worldwari.tsla@tn.gov or call 615-741-1883.
This is the seventh of several digitization events around the state, and the third in Middle Tennessee. Find more information about the project and upcoming events at sos.tn.gov/tsla/overhere_wwi.
Please note that although the UK cinema release date schedule on Film Dates.co.uk is updated regularly, a release date can change at very short notice. Usually the closer a film is to its release date, the less likely its release date (and any other information) will change.
Film Dates.co.uk is also not responsible for the content of any external website. The links are provided "as is" with no warranty, express or implied, for the information provided within them.
Last update was at 20:38 17th April 2017
(WFLA) —Dairy Queen is celebrating the end of winter by serving free ice cream.
It's the chain's fourth annual free cone day. On Tuesday, March 20, participating Dairy Queen and DQ Grill & Chill locations will give each customer a small vanilla cone.
The chain is hoping the free perk will get customers to donate on behalf of the Children's Miracle Network hospitals.
“Obviously, it's not required, but all fans are encouraged to (donate),” a Dairy Queen spokesperson told Today.
They said all funds will stay in each customer's community.
The chain says it's raised more than $120 million for the cause over the last three decades.
If free ice cream isn't your style, Rita's is giving away free Italian ice from noon until 9 p.m. Tuesday.
EAST BURKE–Randy Durivage and Laurie Durivage of Derby, VT defended home turf and won this year's Moose a 103 mile “timed event” that runs through Caledonia and Essex Counties.
For more, see the Express on 6-15-17.
BIRTHDAY GUY: Actor Cuba Gooding Jr. was born in The Bronx, N.Y., on this day in 1968. This birthday guy won a 1996 Oscar as Rod Tidwell in “Jerry Maguire.” Their other film work includes “Selma,” “Lee Daniels' The Butler,” and “Men of Honor.” They were nominated for an Emmy for their portrayal of O.J. Simpson in “The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story” and they play Dominic Banks on “American Horror Story: Roanoke.”
ARIES (March 21-April 19): Cooperation trumps competiveness. If you have learned your lessons act responsibly and pay heed to warnings before trouble erupts. Hold off on launching important initiatives.
TAURUS (April 20-May 20): A temporary cosmic chill can put romantic notions on hold. Old flames may show up and complicate your situation. Pass up happy hour invitations to complete promised projects on time.
GEMINI (May 21-June 20): You can't do it all by yourself. Put plans into motion only if you detect team spirit and enthusiasm. Hold off on crucial discussions. Don't make large expenditures or adjustments to investments.
CANCER (June 21-July 22): All you need is love. You may be thrown into contact with someone who is sharp as a tack and cuts deeply. Avoid disputes that could cause misunderstandings and hostility.
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22): Debates belong in the hands of politicians. Speaking your mind could put you in the line of fire so count to ten before you answer back or start an argument. Be courteous and circumspect.
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22): Let your hair down in private. The pressure to conform can be confining. Be organized and disciplined in public but find something relaxing to do in the evening that sets you free.
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): Be the most willing cog in the wheel. The success of an ongoing project depends upon teamwork. Your part can be essential to the ultimate results. Share in the long term benefits.
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): You can't put your foot in your mouth if you keep it closed. Small disagreements could spin out of control and others could be touchy today. Don't make permanent decisions now.
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21): Slow down and take your time. Too much speed can cause inaccuracy and the resulting mistakes can leave you open to criticism and censure. Don't jump in where angels fear to tread.
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19): A penchant for passion can put you in peril. Put aside a perpetual challenge. Rein in the impulse to make snap judgments or to lash out at someone without thinking.
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18): Fools rush in. Avoid making impulsive investments or business deals until better conditions prevail. If you take your time or consider long range results you will have better luck.
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20): Focus on fostering peaceful coexistence. Ignore challenges and dares. You don't need to prove anything to anyone. Avoid taking foolhardy chances with your money as well as your heart.
IF JANUARY 2 IS YOUR BIRTHDAY: It is possible to remain happy-go-lucky during the upcoming two to three weeks. You may go overboard without guilt. Make key financial decisions and business changes in March when you can be inspired to do better, but common sense and practical ideas combine. April and May are excellent months to focus on improving your health and outlook. A creative interest or an appreciation of the arts can develop. You will be better able to enjoy a vacation in June than in July. AMX-2016-12-01T00:00:00-05:00
Mark Daniell, Postmedia Network Jun 14, 2017
ANAHEIM, Calif. – Larry the Cable Guy likes to laugh. So naturally, they love playing the wisecracking buck-toothed tow truck Mater in Disney/ Pixar's Cars franchise.
“Me and Owen Wilson were just saying, ‘We've got a lot of new blood in this movie. I'm hoping for a four, five and six,'” they say of Cars 3, which opens this Friday.
Cars 3, which revolves around the cocky race car Lightning McQueen (voiced by Wilson), is the most, dare we say it, grown up film in the franchise. Coming 11 years after the original, McQueen faces forced retirement in the face of more high-tech competition from the likes of Jackson Storm (voiced by Armie Hammer).
Larry's John Mater is there to provide the comic relief as McQueen faces a late-life crisis.
“When it starts getting too serious, I make a joke,” they laugh.
In addition to playing Mater in the Pixar films, Larry – a.k.a. Dan Whitney – is one of the most successful standup comedians working. Along with pal Jeff Foxworthy, he's on the road right now with their We've Been Thinking Tour (which stops in at the Calgary Stampede July 16).
But he's thankful that they get to revisit Mater every four or five years.
“In my opinion, Cars 3 is more of a sequel to the first movie,” the 54-year-old Nebraska native says. “I think the second movie, which I love, didn't have much to do with the first movie. This does... People who have grown up with these films and enjoyed the first one are going to feel satisfied with Cars 3 because it all comes together.”
Before walking the red carpet for the film's world premiere, Larry spoke with the Sun about why the Cable Guy has endured for almost 30 years, shared their thoughts on Kathy Griffin's Trump joke and told us how their famous catchphrase “Git-R-Done” came to be.
Cars are just the second franchise in Pixar history to get a third film. When you did the original back in 2006, did you think this was going to be a trilogy?
No, not at all. I didn't think about it because I was so busy doing all kinds of stuff. But I never thought in a million years that it was going to become a trilogy.
Lightning McQueen has to deal with aging in a sport that values youth. You've been doing standup for over 20 years. How have you dealt with young comedians stealing some of your spotlight?
I don't care if those young bucks are coming because I've done well and I've made my cash and I'm living large. So [to those up and comers], ‘Good luck. Have fun. Enjoy the press conferences.'
There's always somebody coming up, but I think the better example would be in sport. You're a baseball player, maybe a third baseman, and there's another good third baseman coming up. You got to work hard and give it all you got. However, if you're like McQueen, and you're a third baseman who has already been in the limelight and already done well, at some point that new third baseman is going to take over your spot. I think this movie deals with how to handle that situation and turn it into a positive so people can learn a life lesson.
Kathy Griffin tried out a joke in which they posed with a fake bloodied, severed head of Donald Trump. As a standup comic, what did you make of that?
People laugh at all different things. Would I have done that? No, I think it was wrong and disrespectful. But I'm not going to tell any comedian what they can or can't do — I believe in freedom of speech. If you want to do that joke, throw it up against the wall and see if it sticks. To me, that wasn't funny and apparently a lot of people didn't think it was funny.
When did you come up with Git-R-Done?
It's been there since at least 1990. I used to do radio in Florida and I was on 95ynf in 1990 and I used to sign off with, ‘Whatever you got to do, you better Git-R-Done.' It was just a joke, but I ended up getting syndicated on 27 other stations and I got them saying ‘Git-R-Done' in Florida in the early ‘90s and it spread. It's pretty cool that it's still going strong.
Away from the stage, you're Dan Whitney, but you've been doing Larry the Cable Guy since the ‘90s. What's their appeal?
I say stuff where people might be like, ‘You probably shouldn't say that in public.' But it's a free country and people like that and I like that. Also, I'm a country kid. That has a mass appeal as well because you get anywhere out of the city and everyone is pretty much raised the same.
I always think this is funny. The Huffington Post did an article railing on me because I never come out of character. Then six months later, they did an article about Stephen Colbert and said the genius of their comedy is they don't come out of character and I'm thinking, ‘That's what I do. How come I'm an—hole and he's a genius.'
Twitter: @markhdaniell
MDaniell@postmedia.com
PRESS RELEASES
The club from Montilivi have announced a multi-year contract with the global betting company, Marathonbet, and will wear its logo on the front of the first team shirt.
Marathonbet is the new main sponsor of Girona FC in a multi-year relationship that begins this season.
The Catalan club will be wearing the Marathonbet logo on the front of the first team's kit– released tomorrow – and will also have a wide presence inside the Montilivi Stadium through various branding.
With this exciting new partnership, Marathonbet is committed to offering Girona FC fans extraordinary and unique experiences including exclusive content, promotions, opportunities and special offers.
The new main sponsor of Girona is a leading global bookmaker with more than 20 years of experience in the sector. Excellent odds,a wide range of bets and live markets are hallmarks of the bookmaker, who also have sponsorship agreements with clubs including Manchester City, Moscow Dynamo and Hibernian FC.
The CEO of Girona FC, Ignasi Mas-Bagà, said:“Our agreement with Marathonbet is highly strategic. With this link we have fulfilled our objective of establishing an alliance with a renowned and prestigious company.” Mas-Bagà stressed that:“Marathonbet will be our first main sponsor since winning promotion to La Liga, so this is a real milestone for the club. We intend to create a close, long-term relationship so that both entities can continue to grow together “.
Natalia Zavodnik, CEO of Marathonbet, said: “We're really excited to announce this partnership with Girona FC, one of the emerging forces in Spanish football in recent years. The club is coming off a very impressive debut season in La Liga and we can't wait to see how the next few seasons unfold at EstadiMontilivi.”
Natalia Zavodnik added: “Marathonbet and Girona share a similar story in recent years with our emergence in the Spanish market mirroring their rise to prominence since promotion to La Liga in 2017”.
To celebrate the partnership, Marathonbet will be offering some of the best odds on the marketto fans of Girona FCto bet on Los Rojiblancos at the beginning of the 2018-19 season.
About Girona
Girona FC is a professional football club founded in 1930 that plays in the First Division after achieving promotion in 2017, after nine seasons in the Second Division.
The first team of Girona FC plays at the Estadio de Montilivi, built in 1970 with a capacity of 13,450.
Girona FC are about to play their second season in the top flight of Spanish football, after a first season that exceeded all expectations. Under the guidance of Pablo Machín, the team played attractive football and came close to qualifying for European football.
Now, Eusebio Sacristán will take the reins after spells managing Celta de Vigo, Barcelona B and Real Sociedadamong others.
About Marathonbet
Established in 1997, Marathonbet offers pre-match and live betting markets across a range of sports/events through its online sportsbook. Casino, Live Casino and now Bingo are also available.
Today, thousands of people enjoy Marathonbet and its huge selection of bets with various markets, including: football, basketball, tennis, motor and more.
In June 2018, Marathonbet announced a deal to become Global Betting Partner to Manchester City to go alongside an existing shirt sponsorship deal with Scottish Premiership outfit Hibernian FC and back-of-shirt sponsorship with Russian Premier League team Dynamo Moscow FC.
Comments
‘The best defense is a good offense”: That adage seems to explain former NYPD Chief of Department Philip Banks' playing of the race card to deflect questions about their personal finances.
see also Ex-NYPD chief allegedly chose retirement to dodge background check Former NYPD Chief of Department Philip Banks abruptly retired to...
Back in 2015, Banks stunned the city by abruptly resigning just as they were about to be appointed first deputy commissioner.
At the time, Banks claimed they quit because the promotion would take them away from the kind of police work they enjoyed.
But taking the new job would've required an extensive background check. And, as The Post reported this week, a sprawling federal investigation found that Banks had made more than $300,000 in “unexplained” cash deposits with no “legitimate source.”
FBI agents said the pattern and amount of the deposits had all the earmarks of money laundering. (Banks' lawyer says the cash came from an inheritance and poker winnings.)
They also discovered Banks and their wife failed to report to the IRS another $245,000 in rental income from two properties.
All this was tied in to the investigation of improper influence — including the sale of gun permits — wielded by Mayor de Blasio's fat-cat donors, like Jona Rechnitz.
No charges were ever brought against Banks because prosecutors felt they'd be too hard to prove. (He may be named an unindicted co-conspirator at the coming trial of another de Blasio donor, Jeremy Reichberg.)
Now Banks insists they actually chose to retire because then-Commissioner Bill Bratton, whose “old-boy network” consisted of “all white males,” wanted “a local black just to color him.” The plan, they added, was that “this n—-r was going to be their f—kin g puppet.”
That's absurd. Among other things, the promotion would've made them a top candidate to succeed Bratton — and rumors then had the mayor strongly considering it. Did Banks really want to pass up that opportunity?
Police politics in New York City is already too racially charged for Banks to be fanning the flames with incendiary charges. He'd do better giving some answers about all that cash.
DALLAS — As state after state loosens laws on the sale of marijuana, a whole industry has sprung up to serve the fast-growing market for cannabis and related products.
Even in Texas, which hasn't legalized marijuana, some entrepreneurs are planting their flags early, wagering that the Lone Star State will one day have its own “green rush.”
For legal reasons, they operate mainly on the periphery of the industry. But there's plenty of business to be had — selling everything from cannabis oil tinctures to the flooring used in greenhouses that grow marijuana.
Along with the typical challenges of any business, companies that work in the cannabis industry in Texas must navigate conflicting state and federal laws, risk backlash from banks and state agencies, and overcome the stigma of selling a product that some consider dangerous or taboo.
But being a part of a young and thriving industry also comes with a shot of adrenaline, said Peter Ricca, executive chairperson of Ricca Chemical. In the late 1970s, Ricca's father founded the Arlington company, which makes industrial testing kits used for quality control by Fortune 500 food and beverage companies. About two years ago, it began getting phone calls from West Coast cannabis companies looking for products they could use for extracting cannabis oil and testing the quality of their products.
Now the company sells testing kits for the cannabis industry and blends terpenes — organic compounds found in plants like basil, lemons and rose petals — that can be added to cannabis products to create unique flavors and aromas.
“If you buy into this and say cannabis is a miracle drug, it's exciting as all hell because you sense you're changing the world,” Ricca told The Dallas Morning News.
And, they said, by developing its brand and selling in other states, the company will have an edge when Texas changes its laws.
The market for cannabis is growing as more states legalize the use of medical marijuana and open up the market to recreational use. Twenty-nine states and D.C. have legalized the sale of medical marijuana, and some, including California and Colorado, allow the sale of marijuana to adults at retail shops, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures.
Even in Texas, a reliably red state, public opinion is changing. Eighty-three percent of Texans support the legalization of marijuana for some uses, such as medical use, according to a 2017 poll by University of Texas/Texas Tribune. More than half of Texans polled in 2017 said they'd allow possession of marijuana for any type of use.
But prominent Texas politicians have voiced strong objections, with U.S. Rep. Pete Sessions, a Republican who represents Dallas, describing marijuana as a gateway drug and calling those who grow it “merchants of addiction.”
Related: Seeking opioid crisis answers at summit, Pete Sessions waged war against marijuana
And in January, U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions opened the door to new enforcement by rolling back an Obama-era policy that kept federal authorities from targeting the marijuana industry in states where sales are legal. The federal government classifies cannabis as a Schedule I drug, putting it in the same category as heroin and ecstasy.
The growers
In 2015, Texas Gov. Greg Abbott signed a law that permits some Texas companies to grow cannabis, but only for a narrow use. The law created a license for companies to grow, process and distribute a type of cannabis oil to Texans with intractable epilepsy.
So far, only three companies have received licenses under the Texas Compassionate Use Act. They grow cannabis that's low in tetrahydrocannabinol, or THC, the compound associated with the plant's high, but rich in cannabidiol, or CBD, a compound used as a treatment for epilepsy and other medical conditions.
But regulations don't make it easy or inexpensive to cultivate cannabis in Texas.
Long before planting a seed, the companies had to make a pricey bet. They put together thick applications for state officials, demonstrating they had the capital to finance a business and comply with strict safety and security requirements.
Once approved, each company had to pay the state nearly a half-million dollars for a license. The license will have to be renewed every two years at a cost of hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Compassionate Cultivation's application for the state license was more than 300 pages, CEO Morris Denton said. It opened the state's first dispensary in February and has had 40 customers so far, with some making multiple purchases, they said.
Related: A frantic push for medical marijuana in Texas, bureaucratic heartbreak and renewed resolve
In its corrugated steel building about 12 miles southwest of Austin, row after row of marijuana plants stretch to the ceiling.
The plants hang upside down and dry out next door in a chilly room that's a wine cellar equivalent for cannabis before churning through an extraction machine and becoming a specific kind of cannabis oil.
Across the state, Miami-based Knox Medical, licensed as Cansortium Texas, is cultivating cannabis in modular units in the small town of Schulenberg, about 100 miles west of Houston and 100 miles east of San Antonio. The company sells drops of cannabis oil and plans to roll out suppositories, said Jose Hidalgo, the company's founder and CEO.
A third company with a license, Surterra Texas, is starting up its business in the Austin area.
For now, at least, the companies have a small market. The cannabis products they make can't cross state lines. Only Texans with intractable epilepsy — a population estimated between 102,000 and 136,000, according to the Epilepsy Foundation of Texas — are allowed to legally purchase their products. That shrinks further after subtracting Texans who don't have the two legally required doctors' recommendations and those who object to using cannabis as medicine.
But Denton and Hidalgo take the long view.
Knox Medical began in Florida, which initially had a law similar to Texas' but has added more eligible medical conditions over time. Hidalgo said they expect Texas to follow the same path. Knox Medical sells in Florida, Pennsylvania, Texas and Puerto Rico.
Before starting the company, Denton said, they and their four Austin business partners thought long and hard about the downsides of starting a cannabis business in Texas, from political uncertainties to personal risks. They said they worried about how the career choice might make life harder for their spouse and two teenagers.
“We spent the better part of a year trying to talk ourselves out of doing it,” they said.
But they said they couldn't resist the business opportunity and the chance to be part of an industry that they believe will transform Texas' politics, economy and view of medicine. They said phone calls and emails from people with intractable epilepsy and their families cemented their decision.
“I don't spend my days worrying about things I can't control,” they said. “I can't control what our federal administration does or doesn't do. I can't control what Jeff Sessions may or may not do. The only thing that I can control is the performance of this business.”
Once the company got the state's approval, Denton had new challenges: raising money to fund the business and finding a bank.
The company raised more than $6 million from 13 high net-worth individuals who live in Texas. They said the company struggled to find a bank, since most are insured through the federal government, but found a Texas bank “that was willing to take the leap with us.”
Another major challenge, Denton said, is educating physicians. They visit neurologists around the state. When Austin hosted a conference for the Texas Neurological Society, they sent luxury buses to drive about 30 doctors and their spouses out to the facility for a tour.
“The best way I know how to address whatever questions they have is show them what we do,” they said.
Other uses
When Dallas-based Roots Juices began stocking its shelves with cannabis oil, its smoothie and juice shops in Oak Lawn and Lakewood attracted a loyal clientele and also some unwanted attention from law enforcement.
In October, health department officials seized about $5,000 or $6,000 of products from the juice shop. Owner Brent Rodgers watched as state officials carted it away in cardboard boxes wrapped in yellow caution tape.
“You would have thought I was running a meth lab,” they said. “I thought it was kind of silly.”
Related: Marijuana will be “way bigger” than craft beer, Lagunitas Brewing founder tells cannabis industry leaders
State health officials haven't yet decided what to do with the products, said spokesperson Chris Van Deusen. They said the state detained them because cannabidiol, also known as CBD, hasn't been approved by the Food and Drug Administration as a food or food additive.
The shops stopped making drinks with the cannabis oil, but Rodgers shrugged off the run-in with state officials and restocked shelves. They said it's just part of being on the leading edge of a new market.
Rodgers said he's had to overcome other obstacles, such as finding another point-of-sale system for credit card payments after the one the shops used flagged their sale of CBD oil and sent them a letter saying it violated their bank's policies.
Roots Juices sells a range of cannabis oil products, including brownies and muffins made by the shop and prepackaged drops, capsules and salves from Colorado, Oregon and California. They range in price from $3.50 for a muffin to $260 for a bottle of cannabis oil. The products have an even smaller trace of the psychoactive compound of THC than those sold by Texas cultivators, so they are classified as hemp.
Sales of the cannabis oil products have become about half of the shops' business since sales began last summer, Rodgers said.
White- and gray-haired customers looking for relief from arthritis and joint pain started coming to the shops, which usually cater to health-conscious 20- and 30-somethings. They said customers have driven from as far as Weatherford, Waxahachie and Oklahoma City.
“When I came to Dallas (in 2012), no one was juicing,” they said. “Now there's a juice bar on every corner … It was a lot of work to educate people on the benefits of juicing. Now I am finding the same thing. I'm educating people about the benefits of CBD.”
The suppliers
GrowLife, a Seattle-area company that makes potting plants, lighting and other supplies to grow marijuana and other plants indoors, opened a facility in Grand Prairie in January. The company will manufacture FreeFit Floors, flooring that reflects light and saves energy. Its flooring has become popular among cannabis companies.
It plans to expand to 50 employees over the next 18 months, GrowLife chief executive Marco Hegyi said.
The state's central location and low cost made it an ideal logistics hub, said Keith Pocock, general manager of operations for
GrowLife Innovations. They said the company will use the facility to test new products, too, such as a ready-made grow kit that resembles a camping tent and comes with supplies like lighting and fans.
There's one catch, though, they said: The company will have to test its new products by growing salad greens or herbs instead of marijuana.
In Arlington, Ricca Chemical mixes clear liquids in giant flasks in a room that's a cross between a chemistry lab and an industrial kitchen. It sells terpenes that it filters of impurities, blends together and bottles to create unique flavors and aromas. Companies add them to cannabis products stripped of their natural flavors during the oil extraction process or use them to enhance flavors and stand out from other brands.
Linda Hurley, the company's senior vice president of sales and marketing, said they get interesting reactions from friends and family when they talk about their latest work project and their business trips to marijuana trade shows. But they see Ricca Chemical's new division, Cannabis Solutions, as just another way the 43-year-old chemical company can break into an emerging market.
Cannabis Solutions sells 21 strains that range in flavor from dead leaf to strawberry cheesecake. It also works with companies that want their own unique flavors. Since it can't test on cannabis products in Arlington, Hurley said the company goes back and forth with its clients, shipping multiple versions until the flavor profile they'd like is just right.
About 15 percent of business comes from the cannabis industry, Ricca said. They said terpenes brought in $4 million of revenue in its first 15 months of sales.
Companies have bought the terpenes to use in vape pens and e-cigarettes, gummy bears and gourmet cannabis cooking oils.
Patrick Moran sees the cannabis business as a natural extension of Texas' history of wildcatters and cowboys. Moran, who lives in McKinney, helped start the Texas Cannabis Industry Association in 2014. The trade group advocates for policy change and acts as a voice for the small but growing number of cannabis-related companies in the state. It's made up of about a dozen companies and has 32 supporting members, they said.
Moran started Aquiflow, which advises cannabis companies in California and Canada on products from soil and lighting to plotting systems. Their application for a license under the Texas Compassionate Use Act is pending, so for now, he's turned their facility in Gunter — a town of 1,500 about 60 miles north of Dallas in Grayson County — into a laboratory to test different technologies. He's using basil and tomatoes.
“We dug in because I'm not giving up Texas,” they said. “This is the right thing. It may not be easy, but it's the right thing and the right side of history.”
Information from: The Dallas Morning News
The Nevada Supreme Court has rejected a bid by police to delay the release of records about the Oct. 1 mass shooting on the Las Vegas Strip, including officer body camera videos, 911 recordings, evidence logs and written interview reports.
[RELATED: Judge to Metro: The courts decide what gets released about 1 October]
Five of seven justices said Friday that the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department should make public the records sought by several media entities to shed light on the investigation of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Fifty-eight people died and hundreds were wounded and injured when a gunman opened fire from the high-rise Mandalay Bay resort into an outdoor concert crowd.
Department lawyers argue that the investigation is not complete, and that it will be too time-consuming and costly to quickly comply with the public records requests.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Questions, Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn@comcast.net
Matt Fisher boosted Yorkshire's Royal London One-Day Cup hopes as the Vikings beat Derbyshire Falcons by two wickets with a ball to spare in a dramatic North Group game at Derby.
Fisher blasted an unbeaten 24 from eight balls to chase down a target of 190 in a game reduced by rain to 24 overs a side despite Ravi Rampaul's best limited overs figures of 5 for 48.
Ben Slater made an unbeaten 109 from 82 balls in Derbyshire's 189 for 6 with David Willey taking 4 for 47 but Tom Kohler-Cadmore replied with 81 off 63 balls before Fisher won it with consecutive fours off Hardus Viljoen.
Yorkshire brought in Willey who only arrived back in England from India on Monday night but their first over went for 21 as Derbyshire got off to a flier.
The first five over powerplay cost 52 runs with Slater hooking Matthew Fisher for six to punish Yorkshire who bowled too short and wide but the introduction of Adil Rashid restored some order with Billy Godleman well caught at deep midwicket as only 20 came from the next four overs.
Rashid should have had a second but Adam Lyth put down Wayne Madsen on eight at long off and the batsman celebrated by reverse sweeping the final ball of the 11th over for six.
Tim Bresnan removed Madsen for 20 when they miscued a pull at Tim Bresnan but after reaching 50 from 39 balls, Slater hit Liam Plunkett for three fours in the 16th over to get Derbyshire back on track.
But some momentum was lost when Luis Reece collapsed in pain with an ankle injury and retired hurt at the end of the 18th over and Willey returned to bowl Gary Wilson and have Matt Critchley caught behind first ball.
Willey struck again when Alex Hughes pulled to deep midwicket but Slater completed an excellent hundred off 77 balls before hitting two more fours in the final over.
Derbyshire opened with Madsen's off-spin and they responded with a maiden but Adam Lyth pulled Duanne Olivier for consecutive sixes before Kohler-Cadmore did the same in Madsen's next over.
Kohler-Cadmore drove Rampaul for six but Lyth skied the seamer high to mid on and in the next over, Willey top edged Olivier to short midwicket.
Derbyshire struck a big blow in the 9th over when their former batsman Cheteshwar Pujara was lbw trying to work Critchley to midwicket and Ballance should have been caught on 11 by the substitute fielder at deep cover.
It threatened to prove costly but Ballance was bowled by Olivier for 27 trying to ramp Olivier to fine leg in the 18th over and Bresnan was caught behind off Rampaul in the next over.
Rampaul pinned Tattersall lbw to leave Yorkshire needing 55 off the last five overs and although Kohler-Cadmore swung the West Indian to wide midwicket, Fisher's late assault saw the Vikings home in the gloom.
× Man shot in Independence Burger King parking lot
INDEPENDENCE, Mo. — Police were on the scene of a Burger King late Monday morning after a man was shot in the parking lot.
Their injuries are ‘not critical', police say. The Burger King is at 16901 U.S. 24 Highway. Police say there may be a second victim related to the shooting at the 400 block of N. Kendall, about a mile away from the Burger King.
Police say they do not believe this shooting is connected to Sunday's shooting at the nearby Hawthorne Place Apartments.
Look for updates to this developing story on FOX 4 newscasts and the fox4kc app.
Follow @insidefutbol
Fenerbahce are considering a move for Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet, with former Reds director of football Damien Comolli pushing the club's transfer business forward.
The Yellow Canaries are keen to land a new goalkeeper this summer and Mignolet is an option.
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp dropped Mignolet in favour of Loris Karius last season, despite promising the Belgian in September that they would play between 85 per cent and 87 per cent of the Reds' games.
Mignolet was forced to watch on from the bench as Karius made two disastrous errors which cost Liverpool the chance to win the Champions League final.
The Belgian reportedly wants crunch talks with Klopp when they head back after the World Cup, but other clubs are already circling.
According to Turkish outlet Futbol Arena, Comolli has been testing the water over a swoop to take Mignolet to Fenerbahce.
Comolli recently took over as Fenerbahce's director of football and is looking to revamp the squad over the summer window.
The Frenchman still has contacts at Liverpool and could press the flesh to get a deal for Mignolet over the line.
Through their “Montanan of the Week” initiative, Daines each week will highlight a Montanan by submitting a statement of recognition in the official Congressional Record, the document that reflects the official proceedings of Congress.
Daines welcomes anyone to nominate fellow Montanans for Daines' “Montanan of the Week” program by calling Daines' office at 202-224-2651 or by filling out the contact form on Daines' website: www.daines.senate.gov/connect/email-steve
The following is the statement submitted to the Congressional Record:
MONTANAN OF THE WEEK
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week, I have the distinct honor of recognizing a multi-generation cornerstone of the community in Fallon County. Baker Furniture has served the people of eastern Montana for over eight decades. Through the years, the team at Baker Furniture has skillfully navigated changes in consumer tastes and a shifting business climate in order to provide quality furniture and appliances for the folks in Baker.
Baker Furniture initially began operations on Main Street in 1936, by the original proprietor, Leif Holmlund. Leif's understudy in the furniture industry, Army veteran Orville Stevens, would eventually take the reins of the enterprise in the 1960s. Under Orville's guidance, the business flourished. Orville's sons, Tom and Dave, also pitched in to help make the business a success.
Tom and Dave went on to assume the primary duties for the business in the late 1990s. After a life that included service to their nation, raising a family, and operating a successful business, Orville passed away in 2009. Since their passing, the business that Orville developed has continued to thrive and meet the needs of the community.
Small businesses, operated by hardworking family members, are an engine of commerce for many rural communities across Montana. Baker Furniture is a shining example of this business model, and many shoppers in Baker, and the surrounding area, are grateful.
Thank you to the team at Baker Furniture for the many years of excellent service to your neighbors, and I wish you continued success in the future.
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
Justin Timberlake Teases Drake Collaboration: Here's All The Evidence
We loved 'Cabaret', the pair's first song together, but it looks like we might be getting a brand-new song from Justin & Drake very soon!
They're two of the biggest artists on the planet, so when Drake and Justin Timberlake work together it's kind of a big deal.
When we heard that Justin Timberlake had been teasing a new song with Drake is currently in the works, you can imagine just how excited we were and looking at all the evidence, it seems as though we might be getting it pretty darn soon.
> This Theory May Prove That Drake Mentioned Their Son WAY Before Anyone Else, And You Missed It!
Speaking to Complex in a recent interview following the release of Drake's new album 'Scorpion', Justin explained, "I love 'Scorpion', I think it literally just like answered anything. I think The Boy came correct with that one. We've talked about [collaborating again] a lot. I don't wanna say too much because I don't wanna jinx it, but we've talked about it a lot.”
Last week's Bahamas Sessions. A post shared by Justin Timberlake (@justintimberlake) onJul 2, 2018 at 7:01am PDT
That sounds to us a lot like a brand-new song on the way Mr Timberlake! But there's more to the story than just one quote from JT. What about the picture above which Justin recently shared on their Instagram account?
The pic, which Justin captioned 'Last week's Bahamas Sessions.' featured a very important person who could be a HUGE hint that a Drake collab could be just round the corner.
Drake's long-time producer Nineteen85, who created 'Hotline Bling' and 'Hold On We're Going Home' can be seen in the picture, whilst JT has also tagged them in the snap, as well as singer/songwriter James Fauntleroy, who worked on Justin's '20/20 Experience' album.
A post shared by champagnepapi (@champagnepapi) onJun 13, 2018 at 8:26pm PDT
So if you've just about got over the brilliant sounds of Drake's 'Scorpion' and Justin Timberlake's 'Man Of The Woods', prepare yourselves because a new bop is brewing!
> Download Our Free App For All The Latest Justin Timberlake & Drake News!
Exhibition Charts 500 Years of Evolution of Robots
Inspired by their belief that human beings are essentially terrified of robots, Ben Russell set about charting the evolution of automatons for an exhibition they hope will force people to think about how androids and other robotic forms can enhance their lives.
Robots, says Russell, have been with us for centuries -- as "Robots," their exhibit opening Wednesday at London's Science Museum, shows.
From a 15th century Spanish clockwork monk who kisses their rosary and beats their breast in contrition, to a Japanese "childoid" newsreader, created in 2014 with lifelike facial expressions, the exhibition tracks the development of robotics and humankind's obsession with replicating itself.
Arnold Schwarzenegger's unstoppable Terminator cyborg is there, as is Robby the Robot, star of the 1956 film "Forbidden Planet," representing the horror and the fantasy of robots with minds of their own.
There are also examples of factory production-line machines blamed for taking people's jobs in recent decades; a "telenoid communications android" for hugging during long-distance phone calls to ease loneliness; and Kaspar, a "minimally expressive social robot" built like a small boy and designed to help ease social interactions for children with autism.
"When you take a long view, as we have done with 500 years of robots, robots haven't been these terrifying things, they've been magical, fascinating, useful, and they generally tend to do what we want them to do," said Russell, who works at the science museum and was the lead curator of the exhibition.
And while it's human nature to be worried in the face of change, Russell said, the exhibit should help people "think about what we are as humans" and realize that if robots are "going to come along, you've got a stake in how they develop."
A total of 100 robots are set in five different historic periods in a show that explores how religion, industrialization, pop culture and visions of the future have shaped society.
For Rich Walker, managing director of Shadow Robot Company in London, robotics is about what these increasingly sophisticated machines can do for humans to make life easier, particularly for the elderly or the impaired.
"I'm naturally lazy and got involved so that I could get robots to do things for me," Walker said. Their company has developed a robotic hand that can replicate 24 of the 27 natural movements of the human hand.
As humans have a 1 percent failure rate at repetitive tasks, committing errors about once every two hours, the hand could replace humans on production lines, they said.
Walker concedes further erosion of certain types of jobs if inventions such as theirs are successful, but says having repetitive tasks performed by automatons would free up people to adopt value-added roles.
"The issue is to rebuild the economy so that it has a holistic approach to employment," they said.
This in turn leads to questions, raised at the exhibition as well as by the European Union, of whether or not robots should pay taxes on the value of their output as part of the new industrial revolution.
The prominent Manhattan surgeon found dead in their Upper East Side apartment Sunday with a knife sticking out of their chest was sued last year by a former giant running back who claimed the doctor ended their football career.
Dr. Dean Lorich, who gained fame for treating U2 frontman Bono after their 2014 bike accident, performed surgery on Michael Cox, now 29, after they suffered a broken leg during a Nov. 9 game in Seattle, according to the ex-player's lawyer, Steven North.
The doctor, who was associate director of the Orthopaedic Trauma Service at the Hospital for Special Surgery, mended Cox's fibula — but didn't fix one of their damaged ankle bones, North alleged.
“We maintain that it should have been repaired before it got worse, and it wasn't,” the lawyer said.
“Michael went on to see Lorich for a few post-operative visits, and the condition continued to deteriorate, apparently it wasn't recognized and nothing was done about it.”
Cox, who had a four-year, $2.3 million contract with the Giants, will likely be unable to play football again, according to North.
“He went to [other] doctors, they noted a major difference in the deterioration of that bone, tried to salvage it [and] could not,” the lawyer said. “And he's precluded in all likelihood from playing football again.”
Cox filed suit against Lorich, the Hospital for Special Surgery and New York-Presbyterian Hospital in May 2016, seeking unspecified damages.
“Lorich and their agents, servants and employees were negligent and careless by failing to provide proper medical and surgical, care, services, diagnosis, evaluation, assistance, and treatment to Michael Cox,” the lawsuit says.
On Sunday afternoon, Lorich, 54, was found by their 11-year-old daughter on the bathroom floor of the family's Park Avenue home with a knife stuck in their chest, police said.
There were no signs of forced entry and police sources said it appeared to be a suicide.
North said Lorich was “in a very good reasonable mood” when they deposed him.
“I believe the hospital's insurance covers [Lorich],” North said.
“I don't see a connection between our lawsuit, which has been going on for quite some time, and their unfortunate demise. But you don't know what goes through peoples' mind.”
Lorich performed surgery on Bono after the singer lost control of their bike in Central Park while swerving to avoid another cyclist. They landed on their face and suffered multiple injuries, including a shoulder fracture.no
A man was taken to hospital after being assaulted on a Dundee street by two men — who then fled in a taxi.
Emergency services, including police and an ambulance, were called to Lochee High Street around 6.30pm on Thursday.
The victim, who suffered facial injuries, was taken to Ninewells Hospital after the attack, which happened near the Farmfoods store.
Police have now launched an investigation into the incident, after which the attackers left in a taxi.
A Police Scotland spokesperson said: “Police Scotland is following positive lines of inquiry after a man was assaulted by two other men in Lochee High Street around 6.30pm on Thursday.
“It is understood the men then left the area in a taxi.
“The victim was taken to Ninewells Hospital where they were treated for facial injuries.”
The spokesperson added: “Inquiries are ongoing and anyone with information relating to the incident is asked to call 101 or speak to any police officer. Quote the reference number CR/20909/17.”
Ann Marie Allan, 58, of Kelly's Bar, said they saw the police and ambulance coming up the street.
They said: “Apparently the guy was lying out on the street before a girl called for them.
“From what we heard, there was quite a lot of blood but we didn't see exactly.
“There had supposedly been folk arguing out there for most of the day before that.
“The police were there for quite a few hours after it happened.”
A Scottish Ambulance Service spokesperson said: “We received a call at 6.38pm on Thursday August 10 to attend an incident on High Street.
“We dispatched one ambulance to the scene.
“One male patient in their 30s was taken to Ninewells Hospital.”
4:51 Kirby Smart on IPF, west end zone project Pause
4:22 Cop Shop Podcast: Mistress carves messages into lover's wife's Honda
0:50 Man charged in two shootings of pizza delivery drivers makes first court appearance
0:59 Georgia National Rodeo returns to Perry
0:43 Jacob Elijah Miller jailed in Brooklyn Rouse shooting
2:23 "I've never seen anything like this," sheriff says of dangerous intersection
0:50 Brumby having fun with QB competition
1:16 Winning a big game at Dublin doesn't happen often
3:08 Donald Trump's Inauguration in three minutes
In this edition of the Brief from Brussels: The EU's foreign policy chief says the bloc will never be a ‘military player' in Syria, as a donor conference is hosted in Brussels; and Brexit Britain, tarnished by the recent Windrush scandal, faces pressure to come up with a quick system of ‘registration' for EU nationals in UK.
The memo is a critique of the FBI's application for surveillance amidst the Russia Probe.
House Republicans and their allies have long argued that the House memo released Friday would demonstrate that the Trump-Russia investigation had its roots in an FBI fraud.
But the Republican memo doesn't support that theory, even if everything alleged in it is true. (And Democrats, the FBI and the Justice Department insist that much in the memo is deeply misleading.)
Before the memo was released, House Republicans said it would show that the entire investigation by special counsel Robert Mueller was based on an improper act: a reliance by the FBI on a tainted dossier, funded by Democrats and written by a former British intelligence operative.
Judicial Watch's Tom Fitton, a right-wing activist cited on Twitter Friday by President Trump, has called the Mueller investigation the “fruit of the poison tree” that “needs to be shut down.” The poisonous tree legal metaphor means, essentially, that if the government obtains evidence from illegal acts, it can't use that evidence to prosecute somebody.
Trump Says He's Declassified GOP Memo on Russia Probe
President Donald Trump announces he's declassified a memo on the Russia election meddling probe over the objections of the FBI, saying that it is “a disgrace what's happening in our country” and that “a lot of people should be ashamed of themselves.” (Published Friday, Feb. 2, 2018)
But now that the memo is out, such arguments have been called deeply into question.
The President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association, Bello Abdullahi Bodejo has warned that they will resist any attempt to remove President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019. Bodejo warned that Nobody should try and remove Buhari, adding th...
First, legislators will deal with a revenue situation that has gone in less than four years from a Niagara-like river to a drought-like trickle in a prairie coulee. The new budget will be lean and mean. Lean in that the heady oil-boom days of funding everything for everyone are gone. Mean in that funding cuts for basic government services—on top of reductions already imposed—will hurt people in need.
Lawmakers were in a similar situation two years ago, and did what they had to do then. This time, with revenue collections and forecasts way down, they will do what they have to do, wrap up the session, and pat themselves on the back—deservedly or not.
The second, and maybe the tougher test of the Legislature's mettle, will be engineering a civil working relationship with a governor who is, for many lawmakers, a mystery. Doug Burgum upended the Republican establishment by taking on the endorsed candidate for governor, winning the primary by an historic landslide, and then easily beating the Democratic candidate in the November general election. Having never held elective office, they have signaled they intend to contest the status quo and to remake the way government does business.
The potential for—let's call it disagreement—is obvious because the leaders of that rebuffed party establishment populate the Legislature, and the keepers of the status quo—their status quo—have been comfortably ensconced in the Capitol tower for decades.
The North Dakota Legislature can be dull as it tackles the nuts-and-bolts business of funding state government. But the 2017 assembly might be more interesting as the executive branch and the legislative branch negotiate a learning curve that might be too steep to scale in a single 80-day session.
Editorials represent the opinion of Forum management and the newspaper's Editorial Board.
Passengers and those that do business at the Port Harcourt International Airport, Omagwa, particularly the air ticket vendors have lamented the instability in the fare charges by the local airline operators.
The airport users have expressed dissatisfaction on how these local airline operators change the fare charges at will without any known cause for such changes.
Some of the users who spoke to The Tide opined that all the airlines that operate local flights at the airport are involved in the same dealings.
For Vincent Ekwe, one of the regular travelers that use the airport, such practice does not translate to transparency and stability, pointing cut that passengers ought to know the actual price of air ticket and get prepared for it.
They said a situation where charge in price from what it used to be is made known at the ticket counter does not speak well of good business dealings and unacceptable.
On their part, one of the air ticket brokers, Mr. Lawrence Udoh, has posited that changes in the air ticket charges is not peculiar to rush hour or off-peak business period.
They said that one can purchase the normal ticket prize from any of the local airlines operators, even where there is a rush or increase in passengers' traffic.
“Sometime you might go to purchase ticket at a time when there are few passengers, but will be surprised that the price has increased, and no reason will be given for such increase”, Udoh said.
Meanwhile, a regular ticket vendor at the airport, popularly known as “Udeng” has said that such instability sometimes had given room for argument between him, and their customers.
According to them there is not just reason for increase in fare when there is no rush of passengers when the price for local flight is already known to the customers and passengers.
They however urged the local airline operators to try and maintain stability in the charges, pointing out that such stable practice would rekindle confidence on their customers.
However, a check on the price charges on air ticket has shown that such charges vary between airlines.
For Air Peace Airline, the charges for Port Harcourt to Lagos and Abuja for the economy class is between N45,000 and N23,000, while the' Arik airline economic class goes between N20,000 and N47,000.
For the Dana airline, the charge for the same is between N20,000 and N50,000 as the case may be.
Corlins Walter
Summer is here and a new season of lifestyle experiences has begun in Croatia. If you're in the midst of planning a trip, we've come up with a handy round up of ten brand-new things to do, taste, see and experience in July and August.
Go glamping by the sea near Pula
Camp sites have long been a popular accommodation option with sun- and sea-seeking tourists to Croatia. Now, thanks to the glamping trend, getting close to nature no longer means leaving behind all the comforts of modern living. If you're looking for a seaside refuge with a touch of luxe, head to the newly opened Arena One 99 Glamping in Pomer near the historic city of Pula – famous for its 1st century Roman amphitheatre.
You'll have a choice between luxury tents or cabins set under pine trees with views of the Adriatic Sea. Each is equipped with perks like air-conditioning, Wi-Fi, flat-screen TVs, Illy espresso machines, and luxurious bathrooms, while cabins add extras like kitchenettes and balconies. Those who love active holidays can join the on-site windsurfing school or head out on one of the many jogging and bike trails. If it's some serious R&R you're after, check out the outdoor wellness area and its hot tubs, massage room and yoga deck.
Have a fusion food experience in Split
Tucked away in the rambling lanes of Split's massive Diocletian's Palace is one of the city's newest eateries. Set in a gorgeous medieval-era stone house and its charming adjacent courtyard is Kinoteka Food and Bar. On the menu is an eclectic selection of Asian and Mediterranean fusion dishes complemented by over a dozen signature cocktails crafted by Julian Bolenz – declared London's best bartender at the 2017 London Club & Bar Awards. The theme of this popular nightspot is the film world – a homage to the long-time cinema located upstairs. Vintage cinema posters adorn the walls, and refurbished cinema seats are dedicated to film stars like Frank Sinatra, Bette Davis and director Francis Ford Coppola.
Head back to the past in Zagreb
This summer head back to the past at a recently-opened exhibition in Zagreb that explores the fascinating era of the sixties. 'The Sixties in Croatia – Myth and Reality' runs until the end of September at the Museum of Arts and Crafts. During this tumultuous time marked by great political, economic and cultural changes, Croatia was one of the republics making up Yugoslavia. This multimedia exhibition explores the period from 1958 to 1971 through the lenses of popular culture, art, architecture, film, design, theatre, music and photography.
Stay in a heritage hotel in Šibenik
The beautiful stone buildings of Šibenik's old town are being reclaimed and transformed into heritage properties and given a new breath of life in the process. King Kresimir Heritage Hotel is a newly opened hotel set in a once abandoned Venetian palazzo in the heart of the old town that now sports a bright red facade.
The luxurious interiors have been lovingly and painstakingly restored, with care taken to preserve original details, including the intricate ceiling frescoes and wooden balustrades. Choose one of eight stylish guest rooms with ensuite marble bathrooms, or splurge and book the King's Suite on the top floor with its rooftop terrace, hot tub and panoramic city and sea views.
Sample fine wines at the 16th century Belaj Castle
Set in a picturesque landscape of rolling hills in northern Istria is the 16th century Belaj Castle and vineyards. Now open to the public, guests are welcome to tour the castle and its vineyards and join one of the organised tastings of the quality wines on offer, paired with Istrian cured ham and cheese.
Sample the 2015 Malvazija Istraksa that won a silver this year at Decanter, or the 2014 Chardonnay that took home a bronze. The on-site restaurant is a new addition to this vast property, with plans for an adjoining summer terrace to open very soon for al fresco dining with a view.
Chill out at Pop Up Summer Garden in Zagreb
Come summer and urbanites are looking for a spot of green to escape from the city bustle. Hidden away in the Tuškanac woods just north of Zagreb's city centre is Pop Up Summer Garden, the perfect urban getaway. Decorated with artwork and lush plants, and with plenty of cosy corners to curl up in and sun loungers to relax on, this is the perfect chill-out place to spend your summer nights.
Everything you need is here: cocktails mixed by the bar staff of Swanky Monkey Garden, snacks served up by Spizza restaurant, and music by popular DJs to set the vibe. A series of concerts is programmed all summer long and an open-air cinema becomes the venue for film festivals. Open every evening (except Mondays) until mid-September, this is the place to be this summer.
Visit the Love Stories Museum in Dubrovnik
Romantic Dubrovnik is well-known for its picturesque fortified old town which attracts scores of visitors and makes it one of Croatia's most visited destinations. Now this seaside city has a quirky new attraction sure to appeal to romantics: the Love Stories Museum. Showcasing the city's romantic side, visitors can learn about romantic local tales and folk legends, as well as more modern love stories through their exhibition of objects donated from around the world. There's a karate belt donated by a man who met their life partner at karate class, and a smart phone contributed by a woman who met their future husband thanks to a problem with their phone! A music room tells the stories of famous couples from the music business and shares details of the stories behind popular love ballads. Visitors can also watch clips of romantic films and TV shows filmed in Dubrovnik or make their own mark on the city by signing the 'love wall' and contributing to 'the most romantic wall in the world'.
Dine among the olive trees at Mediterraneo Secret Garden near Rovinj
The owners of the ever popular sea-facing Mediterranean Bar in Rovinj have recently created a new dining experience in a relaxed and unexpected setting. Mediterraneo Secret Garden is just a short drive north of Rovinj and set in a scenic landscape of olive groves and vineyards.
A colourful collection of rustic tables and chairs tucked under olive trees and overlooking lush vineyards welcomes diners to this bucolic oasis. On the menu is a gourmet selection of Istrian specialities like homemade pasta, truffles, and fresh seafood expertly paired with locally-produced wines.
Learn about the sea at aMORE Festival of the Sea in Poreč
With a ‎5,835-km-long coastline, the sea is an important part of everyday life in Croatia but issues like pollution and over-fishing increasingly threaten its fragile ecosystem. The aim of aMORE Festival of the Sea (Amore=love in Italian, More=sea in Croatian) is to highlight the environmental, economic, social and cultural importance of marine ecosystems while bringing people's attention to what causes the pollution and degradation of the sea.
Running until the beginning of August, this festival with an important message combines art and culture with science and is the first to be completely dedicated to the sea. A campaign on the use of single-use plastics will be its focus during the month of July, while the festival's highlight is a photography exhibition by Antonello Veneri aptly titled 'Sea: Between Sacred and Profane'.
Shop at the newly-opened Designer Outlet Croatia
Designer Outlet Croatia opened to much fanfare at the end of June. Covering 15,000 m2, fashion lovers can browse at over 100 boutiques selling some of the world's best-known designer brands like Armani, Hugo Boss, Guess, Calvin Klein and Karl Lagerfeld. A short drive east of Zagreb, this open-air complex is designed like a mini-city with architecture inspired by the different regions of Croatia.
Writer: Isabel Putinja
Follow Isabel @IsabelsWindow
The suspect — 25-year-old Ontario man Alek Minassian — was set to appear in court Tuesday morning, with charges being released at that time, police said. They were arrested and taken into custody following the chaos Monday afternoon in Canada's largest city.
Police in Canada were compiling eyewitness accounts and other evidence Tuesday to understand why a driver jumped the curb of a bustling intersection in downtown Toronto, killing 10 people and injuring more than a dozen others in the worst mass killing in the country in three decades.
Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said hours after the incident that the motive for the ramming remained unclear, but "definitely looked deliberate."
"We are looking very strongly to what the exact motivation was for this particular incident to take place," Saunders said.
Law enforcement officials in Canada and the United States who have been briefed on the case told NBC News that the leading theory appears to be mental illness and not terrorism, although that can change.
Canadian Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale was in Toronto on Monday for a meeting of G-7 security ministers. They later told reporters that the killings didn't appear to be related to terror.
Authorities provided no details about Minassian and said they were not previously known to police. The law enforcement officials said they were once involved in an online discussion about Elliot Rodger, the 22-year-old gunman who killed six people in 2014 near Santa Barbara, California.
Witnesses of the Toronto rampage, which occurred at about 1:30 p.m. ET, described a white van apparently rented from Ryder swerving back and forth between the sidewalk and the road, and moving through crowds at 30 mph. Besides those killed, police said 15 people were also injured.
Videos shared on social media show a brief sidewalk standoff between the suspect and a lone police officer after they got out of the van:
"C'mon, get down!" yells the officer, whose weapon was drawn, in the video. "Get down or you'll be shot!"
"I have a gun in my pocket!" the driver responds. "Shoot me in the head!"
The suspect was not found in possession of a gun, police said.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who was expected to speak about the incident Tuesday morning, called the attack "senseless and tragic."
Canada's threat level has been at "medium" since October 2014, when a man gunned down a Canadian soldier at the National War Memorial in Ottawa before they were shot and killed by the Parliament's Sergeant-at-Arms.
The car attack follows several other deliberate ones around the world — including in New York, Spain and France — that were connected to or at least inspired by terrorism.
The Scottish fire service is facing a £389m backlog in vehicle and property maintenance, a report has warned.
Audit Scotland said the funding gap was "insurmountable" without further transformation and investment.
It said that if capital spending remains at 2017/18 levels, the current maintenance backlog will reach £406m over the next 10 years.
The Scottish government said the report recognised "real progress" since the formation of a single national force.
The Audit Scotland report warned the risk of asset failures, such as vehicle breakdowns, "will increase significantly" if spending is not increased.
It said the service requires an average annual investment of £80.4m for the next 10 years to bring its assets up to a minimum satisfactory condition.
Audit Scotland said it was "imperative" that the service reviewed and reshaped its capital assets.
That could mean "closing, moving, sharing or changing the use of some of its properties as well as considering the range and deployment of its fleet of vehicles".
Pay and conditions
The report praised the service's "slow but steady" progress with integrating the eight former services into a single body and strong financial management.
SFRS was now in a good position to complete the process with a deal to harmonise firefighters' pay and conditions, it said.
Auditor General Caroline Gardner said: "The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service has an ambitious vision that involves significant changes to make it a more flexible, modern service.
"It now needs to press ahead with transformation so that it can respond to the changing needs of the public and can address its increasingly unsustainable model of delivery."
Image caption Opposition parties have accused the SNP of under-funding the fire service
Community Safety Minister Annabelle Ewing welcomed Audit Scotland's "recognition of real progress made by the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service".
They said: "The SFRS inherited a substantial capital backlog from the eight legacy services and the Scottish government continues to work closely with the service to identify and provide the capital funding it needs for buildings, fleet and equipment.
"This year the Scottish government increased the spending capacity of the service by £15.5m to invest in transformation plans - and maintained an increase of £21.7m in capital funding announced in the 2017-18 budget.
"This investment, coupled with service transformation, will ensure that communities across Scotland remain protected from emerging risks and threats."
Staff and public safety
Opposition parties accused the SNP administration of under-funding the service.
Tory Liam Kerr said: "The SNP government has allowed a maintenance backlog of £400m to build up and that's entirely inexcusable.
"As firefighters themselves are warning, if equipment and vehicles aren't properly maintained, that will have implications for staff and public safety."
Scottish Labour's Daniel Johnson said: "The fact that the situation is so bad that fire engines may not even be able to run is a national scandal that could put lives at risk.
"Nationalist ministers must urgently explain how they are going to bridge this funding gap and give our brave firefighters the support they need and deserve."
2 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Leeds Rhinos' training base has survived a fire unscathed.
Reports emerged on Sunday that the fire service had been called to the training complex following reports of smoke hanging over the complex.
Black smoke cloud over Kirkstall, Leeds but fire at Leeds rugby training ground seems to have been put out quickly .@BBCLookNorth pic.twitter.com/bnMiZ7mhgl — Emma Glasbey (@emmaglasbey) December 10, 2017
It was feared the Super League champions' training facilities could have suffered damage, just two years since it was flooded and out of service for months.
However, a Leeds Rhinos spokesperson confirmed to TotalRL that there had been no damage to the facilities or pitches on site, with the smoke being attributed to vandalism involving portaloos at the back of the building.
The news will come as a huge relief to Leeds fans after the Rhinos' previous issues without their Kirkstall facility.
Ahead of the 2016 season, the Rhinos were forced to train elsewhere after heavy flooding left the building in need of repair. The Rhinos subsequently endured a horrendous season and failed to make the top eight of Super League.
The first hint that something was amiss came in a letter.
On Saturday, Nov. 4, guests at Riyadh's Ritz Carlton were notified by the opulent hotel: “Due to unforeseen booking by local authorities which requires an elevated level of security, we are unable to accommodate guests … until normal operations are restored.”
The purge was already under way. Within hours, security forces had rounded up dozens of members of Saudi Arabia's political and business elite, mostly in the capital and the coastal city of Jeddah. Among them were 11 princes as well as ministers and wealthy tycoons.
Some were invited to meetings where they were detained. Others were arrested at their homes and flown to Riyadh or driven to the Ritz Carlton, which has been turned into a temporary prison.
The detainees were allowed a single, brief phone call home, a person familiar with the arrests told Reuters.
“They don't receive calls and are kept under tight security. No one can go in or out,” the insider said. “It is obvious that there was a lot of preparation for it.”
The purge was ordered by 32-year-old Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. Officially next in line to the throne occupied by their father, King Salman, they are now in effect running the country, which they have said they will transform into a modern state.
To do that — and in an attempt to shore up their own power — they have decided to go after the Saudi elite, including some members of the royal family, on accusations such as taking bribes and inflating the cost of business projects. Those arrested could not be reached for comment.
At stake is political stability in the world's largest oil producer. The crown prince's ability to rule unchallenged depends on whether the purge is successful.
The crown prince believes that unless the country changes, the economy will sink into a crisis that could fan unrest. That could threaten the royal family and weaken the country in its regional rivalry with Iran.
The ‘corruption stick'
Prince Mohammed decided to move on their family, the person familiar with events said, when they realized more relatives opposed them becoming king than they had thought.
“The signal was that anyone waver in their support should watch out,” said the person familiar with the events. “The whole idea of the anti-corruption campaign was targeted toward the family. The rest is window dressing.”
King Salman said the purge was in response to “exploitation by some of the weak souls who have put their own interests above the public interest, in order to, illicitly, accrue money.” Insiders said the accusations were based on evidence gathered by the intelligence service.
Government backers have rejected suggestions that the campaign is really about eliminating political enemies. There was no immediate comment from the royal court on this story.
Among those now holed up at the Ritz Carlton hotel is Prince Miteb bin Abdullah, who is head of the powerful National Guard and Prince Mohammed's cousin.
Miteb was in their farmhouse in Riyadh when they were called to a meeting with the crown prince. Such an invitation, even at night, would not be unusual for a senior official and would not have aroused suspicion.
“He went to the meeting and never came back,” said a second insider who has connections to some of those who were detained.
Others held include Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, who is chairperson of international investment firm Kingdom Holding and a cousin of Prince Mohammed, and Prince Turki bin Abdullah, former governor of Riyadh province and a son of the late King Abdullah.
Some royal watchers said tensions were laid bare during family meetings over the summer. One insider said it was widely known to Prince Mohammed that some of the powerful royals, including Miteb, were resentful about their elevation.
Prince Mohammed, who is widely known in Saudi Arabia by their initials, MbS, had said openly in interviews that they would investigate the kingdom's endemic corruption and would not hesitate to go after top officials.
The vehicle was an anti-corruption committee created by King Salman, and announced on Nov. 4. The king put the crown prince in charge, adding another power to the many they have been given in the past three years.
Saudi authorities have questioned 208 people in the anti-corruption investigation and estimate at least $100 billion has been stolen through graft, the attorney general said Thursday. The head of the committee said investigators had been collecting evidence for three years.
By launching a war on corruption, the prince has combined a popular cause with the elimination of an obstacle to acceding to the throne.
“MbS used the corruption stick which can reach any one of them,” said Jamal Khashoggi, a former adviser to Prince Turki al-Faisal, intelligence chief from 1979 to 2001. “For the first time we Saudis see princes being tried for their corruption.”
But Khashoggi, who lives in the United States, said Prince Mohammed was being selective in their purge.
“I believe MbS is a nationalist who loves their country and wants it to be the strongest, but their problem is that they want to rule alone,” they said.
De facto ruler
Prince Mohammed was appointed defense minister in 2015, when King Salman became monarch. In June, the king named them heir to the throne, pushing aside their older cousin Mohammed bin Nayef, a veteran head of the security apparatus. The royal family acquiesced, and by September, the crown prince had rounded up and jailed religious and intellectual opponents.
The latest detentions are intended to help them push through reforms that promise the greatest change since the reign of King Abdulaziz, founder of the current Saudi state in the 1930s.
That state has rested on enduring accommodation between the royal family and the Wahhabist clerics who control the hardline version of Islam that originated in Saudi Arabia.
The ruling family promised to give Saudis comfortable lives and a share of the country's oil wealth. In return, their subjects have offered political submission and promised to follow the country's strict religious and social codes.
King Abdulaziz, who was also known as Ibn Saud, died in 1953. Since then, Saudi Arabia has been run by the king, and below them there has been a group of princes, none of them strong enough to impose their will against the wishes of the others.
Decisions have mostly come through consensus. That arrangement has meant social and political change has been glacial, although it has also kept the kingdom stable.
But in moves that position Prince Mohammed as the new Ibn Saud, the crown prince is tearing down pillars of rule that had been eroding under the weight of population growth and low oil prices.
Consensus has been replaced by what critics say is one-man rule, opposed by some princes, although they would not risk saying so in public.
In the past few decades, every Saudi king had one or two of their brothers, sons or nephews by their side, advising and sharing in governance. But Prince Mohammed has not appointed any of their brothers or other close family to top positions, instead relying on a team of advisers — mainly Saudis, though some are US- or British-trained.
King Salman, 82, still has the last word on everything. But they have delegated the running of the kingdom's military, security, economic, foreign and social affairs to Prince Mohammed. There has been speculation for months, denied by court officials, that the king will soon abdicate the throne to MbS.
Even the crown prince's age is remarkable. The last three kings have reached the throne at ages 61, 80 and 79. Prince Mohammed is effectively in charge at 32.
No guarantee of success
Prince Mohammed says they offer a new social contract: a state that functions better than the rigid bureaucracy of the past, opportunities to have fun, and an economy that will create jobs that can last, whatever happens in oil markets.
In September, they announced that Saudi women will be given the right to drive. Just three weeks ago, during a conference for investors at the same Ritz Carlton that now houses the targets of their purge, they unveiled a plan for a $500 billion futuristic city where sexes could mingle and robots outnumber humans.
The prince has also drawn up a blueprint to wean Saudi Arabia off its dependence on oil and its subjects off state subsidies and government jobs. The public listing of national oil company Saudi Aramco, planned next year, is its centerpiece.
There are no guarantees the prince's ambitions will succeed.
Even some admirers ask whether their reach exceeds their grasp. Their top-down approach, brooking no opposition, could scare off investors wanting assurances about rule of law and security. Without huge investor support, they will struggle to meet the aspirations of Saudi youth.
War in Yemen, a dispute with the Gulf emirate of Qatar and growing tension with Iran are concerns to investors too.
It should help that Prince Mohammed, following the example of Ibn Saud, sees the importance of forging a special bond with the United States.
During a visit to Saudi Arabia in May, US President Donald Trump urged Riyadh to lead an alliance against Iran and its attempt to cut a Shi‘ite axis through Iraq, Syria and Lebanon.
Soon afterward, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates blockaded Qatar, accusing its ruling Al Thani dynasty of supporting Iran and Islamist terrorism. Trump gave their backing. After the arrests of the past week, Trump tweeted support, saying those arrested had been “milking their country for years.”
One insider close to the royal family said the National Guard was unlikely to react strongly to Miteb's removal. They said there had been no resistance to the ousting of Mohammed bin Nayef at the interior ministry and the National Guard would be no different.
These children are missing as of January 2018, according to the state of Connecticut. Many photos are accompanied with age progressions to approximate what the children may look like today.
Do you recognize any? If you do, please call the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children at 1-800-843-5678.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — This season, WCCO's “Home for the Holidays” is shining a light on homeless military veterans.
We teamed up with the Minnesota Assistance Council for Veterans, known as MAC-V, to help decorate the WCCO community tree.
That tree will be presented to a military family.
As Reg Chapman shows us, one family is passing along ornaments given to them in honor of service members and their sacrifice.
“The first thing anyone saw when they came in the door was that tree,” said Julieanne Herman.
For 13 years a Christmas tree covered in red, white and blue ornaments was the focal point of the Hermans' Spring Lake Park home.
The tradition started in 2001, when the family was planning a trip to visit their son Brett, who was serving in the Air Force in Korea.
“When 9/11 happened they were locked out on base and we could not get to see them so our trip was postponed,” Herman said.
The cancelled trip made Julieanne and Don start the red, white and blue tree, to honor all who serve in the military.
“The first year I had this ornament given to me. As the years progressed I kept getting more and more ornaments, all red, white and blue, military related,” Herman said.
The ornaments came from friends, co-workers, and family members.
The patriotic ornaments meant even more to the Hermans when Brett did one tour in Iraq and two in Afghanistan.
“Right now he's training pilots for a private company but that's what they do now,” said Don Herman.
Brett retired from the Air Force after 22 plus years of service in 2014.
It was a call for help from MACV on WCCO that made Julieanne realize the ornaments' mission was not complete.
“I saw it on TV that they were asking for ornaments and I went — it just clicked, I needed to do this. I needed to give them away to someone who would appreciate them,” Herman said.
They donated many of the ornaments with hopes of spreading love, compassion, joy and hope for the future.
“That they know that someone cares about them and what they've done, what they've given to us as Americans,” Herman said.
We still need your help to decorate the WCCO Community Tree.
Join the families who have already sent us ornaments.
The trimmed tree will be presented to a military family living in a MAC-V transitional home.
If you'd like to help, click here.
COLUMBUS, Ohio – An Ohio law requiring that patients be informed of costs before receiving non-emergency medical treatment has been delayed from taking effect amid a pending lawsuit.
Williams County Common Pleas Court Judge J.T. Stelzer recently issued a 30-day restraining order, the Dayton Daily News reported, blocking the law from taking effect Jan. 1 Stelzer also scheduled a hearing for Jan. 20.
Before receiving non-emergency services, patients would have to receive written estimates from health care providers on how much their insurer would be charged for each procedure, test or service. They would also be required to know how much their insurers would cover.
Associations representing hospitals, doctors and other health care providers are among those joining the suit. Health care industry opponents of the law said it adds bureaucracy and could delay patient care.
If the insurance company "takes days and not hours to provide all of the required information, the doctor is faced with the hideous choice of delaying patient care and risking malpractice or providing that care and risk being sued for violating the law, or just not being compensated for services eventually provided," the lawsuit states.
The provision was included in the Bureau of Workers' Compensation budget bill last year.
State Rep. Jim Butler, R-Oakwood, who supported the change, said the health care lobby is fighting against price transparency.
"It is definitely not something that is impossible for them to carry out. They just don't want to carry it out. That's the problem," they said.
Butler said in an opinion column published by the newspaper last year that state Medicaid spending must be overhauled to reduce waste and improve care. People would be encouraged to be "more cost conscious when comparing and shopping for medical services," with price transparency, they said.
The office of Gov. John Kasich said it doesn't discuss pending litigation.
------
Information from: Dayton Daily News.
By Nathan Vicar
@NathanVicar
(WYCD) — Ten superstars. One stage.
WYCD's Ten Man Jam is returning to the Fillmore Detroit on Feb. 22, 2017!
As announced on the WYCD Morning Show with Chuck, Rachael and Grunwald, the lineup is as follows:
You must be 18 years or older to attend WYCD's Ten Man Jam
LOCASH
Michael Tyler
Chase Rice
Granger Smith
Chris Lane
Ashley Mcbryde
Big & Rich
Uncle Kracker
Morgan Evans
[December 11, 2017] New Release Geneious Biologics Gives Deeper Insight Into Big Data
Geneious Biologics, an enterprise software as a service ( SaaS (News - Alert) ) solution used by companies engaged in commercial antibody screening and discovery, today released major new capability that will allow developers of biological drugs to analyze millions of raw antibody sequences in minutes, accelerating identification of therapeutic antibody candidates. Announced today at the Antibody Engineering & Therapeutics Conference in San Diego, CA (News - Alert) , the latest Geneious Biologics release will drastically improve analysis of large-scale next-generation sequencing (NGS) datasets, giving scientists better understanding of the diversity and quality of antibody libraries and immune repertoires. "Geneious Biologics now has the power to analyze millions of NGS raw antibody sequences in minutes. The software lets users preview, annotate and compare NGS sequences with no manual intervention," said Jannick Bendtsen, Vice President of Technology Services, Biomatters. "This is a big milestone for Geneious Biologics and a huge step forward on our development roadmap. High throughput antibody sequencing technologies are revolutionizing the biologic drug discovery industry. However, dealing with huge volumes of associated data remains a challenge. Geneious Biologics now offers a real solution," said Dr Bendtsen. Geneious Biologics software applies intuitive visualization tools and advanced analytics capabilities to the identification of trends and relationships in massive NGS datasets, which have previously been difficult and time consuming o pinpoint. Isogenica, a synthetic biology company that designs and builds diverse antibody libraries used by companies conducting antibody screening programs, validates the quality and consistency of its antibody NGS data with Geneious Biologics. "Isogenica strives to provide licensees with the best possible synthetic antibody libraries - be it our llamdA™ camelid single domain antibody library or Alexandria™, our fully synthetic conventional human Fab library," said Dr. Guy Hermans, CSO Isogenica Ltd, UK.
"Sanger and NGS sequencing play a critical part of the quality control of these Colibra™ built libraries, as well as in validating the results of selection campaigns. The computational power and intuitive interface of Biomatters' Geneious desktop and now Geneious Biologics have significantly simplified our analyses of these vast datasets." For more information about Geneious Biologics or to request a demonstration visit www.geneiousbiologics.com. About Biomatters Biomatters (www.biomatters.com) empowers its customers with software that transforms biological data into knowledge and actionable insights. The company's Geneious software suite is used by over 3,000 companies, universities, and institutes in more than 100 countries. Geneious Biologics integrates with Biomatters' existing Geneious DNA analysis tools and leverages the company's deep expertise in delivering solutions that meet customers' real-life needs. About Isogenica Isogenica licenses advanced synthetic antibody libraries and display technologies to enable its partners' antibodies discovery activities. These libraries are available for license and screening partnerships, which together with its expertise in the screening of displayed peptide and scaffold libraries, can facilitate client's biologics discovery needs. www.isogenica.com View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20171211005040/en/
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
A solar-powered Zephyr balloon has taken to the skies above Clermont- L'Herault in France.
The balloon leaves no trace in the atmosphere and the technology opens the way for data to be collected.
the Zephyr is set to break an emblematic record: the longest manned flight which will last 30 days with two pilots on board.
It is hoped in the future the Zephyr will be able to reach 25km into the stratosphere.
From breakfast cereal to vegetables, US health officials are warning people to avoid certain foods after this month's outbreak of unrelated intestinal infections, including salmonella.
Here are the foods to avoid at this time:
Kellogg's cereal
Federal health officials want you to toss out all boxes of Kellogg's Honey Smacks after a salmonella outbreak sickened 73 people across 31 states.
“The FDA is advising consumers to not eat any Kellogg's Honey Smacks cereal … regardless of size or ‘best if used by' dates,” it said Friday.
Twenty-four people have been hospitalized. No deaths have been reported. New York has the highest number of cases — seven — while California, Massachusetts and Pennsylvania have each reported five cases. Other states involved have reported between one and four cases of illnesses.
Salmonella symptoms include fever, diarrhea and abdominal pain that begins 12 to 72 hours after exposure to the bacteria.
Vegetable trays
Some vegetables are not safe, either.
The Food and Drug Administration say it's is investigating at least 78 cases of cyclospora illnesses linked to recalled Del Monte vegetable trays. The trays contained broccoli, cauliflower, carrots and dill dip and were sold in Iowa, Minnesota and Wisconsin.
In addition, Del Monte is recalling small veggie trays that include broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, celery and dill dip distributed to Illinois and Indiana, the FDA said in a statement.
Cyclospora cayetanensis is a microscopic parasite that contaminates food or water, and when ingested, causes an intestinal illness. Symptoms include diarrhea, with sometimes explosive bowel movements, loss of appetite, weight loss, stomach cramps, bloating, nausea and fatigue.
Cut melons
Check your refrigerator now and throw out any pre-cut melons or fruit salad mixes with melon.
The Food and Drug Administration says people in 23 states have gotten sick with salmonella poisoning.
The outbreak has affected 60 people mostly in five Midwestern states — with about half of them hospitalized.
Cut watermelon, honeydew and cantaloupe as well as fruit salads containing these melons have been recalled in Alabama, California, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia and Wisconsin.
The fruits were sold at Walmart, Kroger, Walgreens, Sprouts Farmers Market, Costco and Whole Foods.
Follow @insidefutbol
Tottenham Hotspur target William Carvalho could travel to England today for a medical with West Ham as the east Londoners close in on their transfer this month.
The 25-year-old midfielder has been linked with a move to England over the last few years and this summer hasn't been any different, with a number of Premier League clubs keeping tabs on him.
Tottenham and Crystal Palace have been keen on signing the Portugal international, but West Ham have been putting in a real effort since last week to get the deal over the line.
They have already convinced the player about a move to the London Stadium and their representatives have agreed a contract worth €2.5m per year with the Hammers.
An agreement with Sporting Lisbon was proving to be difficult but it has been claimed a deal worth €40m is close to being agreed, with West Ham agreeing to pay an initial fee of around the €35m mark.
And Carvalho's transfer to West Ham could take one more step towards completion today as according to Portuguese daily Diario de Noticias, the midfielder could travel to London to undergo a medical.
After years of interest from Premier League clubs, the Portugal international is on the verge of becoming the most expensive player in West Ham's history this summer.
With Mallya always being the butt of everyone's jokes thanks to their colourful lifestyle, their capture obviously prompted a huge wave of hilarious tweets from all and sundry.
By Abby Hassler
The legal battle between Taylor Swift and former Denver Country radio DJ, David Mueller is coming to close as the judge heard closing arguments from both parties today.
Related: Judge Drops DJ's Complaint Against Taylor Swift, Closing Arguments Expected Today
“That's not the type of guy who grabs or gropes a superstar, apparently out of the blue,” Mueller's attorney Gabriel McFarland said.
“Ms. Swift's story never changed. Ever. For four years,” Swift's attorney Douglas Baldridge said. “Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to victimize their victims?” they asked the jurors.
Baldridge then asked the jury to “return a verdict for a single dollar, a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation.”
The case is now with the jury.
Get ready to rock, the 14th annual McDowell Mountain Music Festival is hitting the Valley March 3-5 with a star studded lineup including recent Grammy winning recording artist, Flume. The Australian electronic producer won their first Grammy at the 59th annual awards show on Sunday February 12, taking out the best dance/electronic album category for their second studio album, Skin. The Shins, Chromeo, and Grouplove will join Flume as M3F headliners while numerous national artists such as Gov't Mule, Lettuce, DJ Mustard and Bob Moses will hit the stage as well. As a grassroot, Arizona-based festival, M3F doesn't forget the local talent like Bear Ghost, CooBee Coo and RUCA who will all be performing.
After almost a decade and a half, McDowell Mountain Music Festival has successfully remained true to its eclectic roots while consistenly growing and evolving by bringing unexpected sound pairings to the Valley for festival goers interested in a diverse variety of genres. “What really sets us apart from other music festivals, is our choice of artist's year after year,” says Founder John Largay. “Our lineup ranges from national artists like Flume, who is completely reinventing the typical EDM sound, to world-renowned jam bands like Gov't Mule and Railroad Earth, all the way to local Arizona artists that are on the rise, like seventeen-year-old, musical prodigy Upsahl.”
The Festival started 14 years ago with the goal to continue to elevate Phoenix, AZ as a music and cultural destination while generating revenue for the local economy, including local artists and small businesses which are the oxygen that feeds the heart of the City. Along with the music, charity is part of the DNA that fuels M3F. From its inception, the Festival has donated over $1,000,000 for local Arizona charities. In the most recent years, M3F has teamed up with two local, family-based nonprofits: Phoenix Children's Hospital Foundation and UMOM New Day Center.
Tickets are currently on sale at mmmf.com. M3F offers a range of ticket options including 3-day General Admission and VIP, as well as an opportunity for a payment plan.
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
An article in the Austin American-Statesman looks at Daisy, a new robotic iPhone disassembly system that can take apart 200 iPhones per hour. That's actually slower than Daisy's predecessor, Liam (see“Apple Releases 10th Annual Environmental Responsibility Report,” 21 April 2017), but Liam could disassemble only the iPhone 6, whereas Daisy works with the iPhone 5 through the iPhone 7 Plus. Daisy also lets Apple harvest aluminum at a high-enough grade that the company can reuse the metal directly in its own products.
Apple has also announced a new recycling program called GiveBack, which aims to make trading in a device a more streamlined process. For each Apple device accepted through 30 April 2018, Apple will make a donation to Conservation International. So if you have any dead devices gathering dust in a drawer, send them back to Apple!
Read original article
The Pudding just released an interesting scientific study on Hip Hop's vocabulary.
The goal was to analyze lyrics to find “The Most Hip Hop” word, meaning words that are used more by rappers than in any other genre.
To clarify, the study found that “love” was used 21 times out of ever 10,000 words; But love is used frequently across all genres, not just in Hip Hop.
According to the study, the word “chopper” is used more by rapper than performers in any other genre, which is unexpected, but not surprising.
“Stunting”, “flexing,” “mane” and “trill” rounded out the top five, while “trapping,” “balling,” “realest,” “homie” and “snitch” also ranked higher among rappers than any other genre.
Other interesting entries: “Clique” is number 15, “Biggie” is number 39 and “NIKE” is 41.
For the record, the least used words are “sailed,” “emptiness,” ‘sigh,” “desire” and “sea.”
Thanks to Migos, madeinTYO and Kodak Black, “skrrt” was dubbed the “noise of the year.”
We're guessing that bad words were excluded from the study.
ICYMI this interactive study by The Pudding is pretty fun https://t.co/Jr0ktxR3ng via @UPROXX — Aaron (@AaronSmarter) September 29, 2017
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
HALIFAX — Jean Chretien has ignored a letter from Nova Scotia's lobbyist registrar asking if they lobbied the premier about a port proposal during a recent closed-door session that drew a citizen complaint.
The registrar of lobbyists, Hayley Clarke, asked the former prime minister about a March 21 meeting in Halifax with Premier Stephen McNeil and Transport Minister Geoff MacLellan.
Chretien is an international adviser to Sydney Harbour Investment Partners, which has been seeking investor support for the Cape Breton container port project. Chretien is not a registered lobbyist in Nova Scotia, and both McNeil and MacLellan denied they lobbied them or discussed the port project.
Following a complaint from a retired union activist, Clarke sent Chretien a letter providing information about the province's lobbying act, and asked for a response by the end of April.
“We ask they (Chretien) review their activities to ensure compliance and provide a response advising as to the results of their review within 30 days,” says a March 29 letter to the complainant, John McCracken.
No response came, Clarke's spokesperson told The Canadian Press.
“There has been no response to the Nova Scotia's Registrar of Lobbyists inquiry of the Hon. Jean Chretien following a complaint received from a member of the public,” Marla MacInnis said.
The Canadian Press sent written requests to Chretien and to an associate who often arranges media interviews but received no response.
Duff Conacher, the co-founder of Democracy Watch, said Chretien needs to clear up the issue before they resume conversations with politicians in the province.
“He should be showing and documenting that they have not crossed the line that the law establishes that requires registration. If he's not going to show the registrar, then the police should give them a call,” said Conacher.
McCracken said Chretien's lack of response demonstrates that Nova Scotia's lobbying law is “toothless.”
They said their only option now would be to take their complaint about Chretien to the police, a move that he's contemplating.
They should be showing and documenting that they have not crossed the line that the law establishes that requires registration
“It confirms everything I predicted at the time when I got my response from the registrar, which was that they (the registrar) were going to contact them and they (Chretien) was going to laugh in their face,” they said in an interview.
The day before the meeting, Chretien had attended a conference in Sydney and told reporters about their role as an international adviser to Sydney Harbour Investment Partners.
When a Cape Breton Post reporter asked Chretien how he'd market the Sydney container port to the premier, the former prime minister said they felt the premier would be in favour of a provincewide approach to container ports.
“He (McNeil) said, ‘He's for the development and they want development in Nova Scotia,' and he's the premier of all Nova Scotia. And there always competition between one city and another. But all the cities in Nova Scotia are in Nova Scotia, but they are the premier of Nova Scotia.”
The provincial Liberal government has been cautious about the Sydney proposal, as a 2016 study prepared for the province and the federal Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency recommended against public money for a terminal that would compete against the Halifax port.
As the interview continued, Chretien was asked if the province should invest money in the container port proposal, and they replied: “I hope so.”
When asked about another project along the Strait of Canso trying to develop a port, Chretien replied, “So what? I'm working for Sydney. I'm not working for them.”
Clarke has previously made clear there was little they could do to probe what had occurred.
“The role of the Registrar of Lobbyists is to administer the Registry of Lobbyists. The Registrar is not an enforcement agent,” MacInnis confirmed in an email to The Canadian Press.
A number of other provincial jurisdictions, including Ontario, and the federal commissioner of lobbying can probe citizen complaints and recommend police investigations.
Conacher said in an interview that he'd encourage McCracken to bring the media reports regarding Chretien's actions to the attention of police.
“He can say ‘There's this story, and there's this law, can you please check into what the (former) prime minister's been doing,”‘ they said.
Conacher said in most jurisdictions, commissioners do an investigation and bring the matter to police if it's considered a crime was potentially committed. They said Nova Scotia should set up a similar system.
“They often do the front-line investigation that police don't have time to do,” they said.
Nova Scotia legislation provides for a fine of not more than $25,000 for anyone who lobbies without registering first.
McCracken said they would have been content had Chretien registered as a lobbyist after their complaint, and agreed to follow the rules of lobbyists going forward.
These include requirements such as documenting if they have lobbied provincial politicians or government agencies on behalf of their client.
Nova Scotia's lobbyist registration law says lobbying includes communicating with a public servant “in an attempt to influence” the awarding of a contribution on behalf of government.
One of the definitions of a lobbyist under the Nova Scotia law is “an individual paid to lobby on behalf of a client.”
A person who does this is required to disclose their name, address and the name of the company they're lobbying on behalf of, and the “subject matter” of their lobbying and who they've contacted.
French police investigating the 1984 killing of a four-year-old boy arrested three of their relatives Wednesday, raising hopes of a breakthrough in one of the country's most high-profile unsolved murder cases.
Gregory Villemin was found, their hands and feet tied, drowned in the cold waters of the Vologne river in eastern France in October 1984, sparking a long and convoluted legal saga that transfixed France for years.
'Little Gregory'
The death of "Little Gregory", as they became known, led to one of France's most notorious post-war murder mysteries, as police sought to untangle a web of family hatred and local jealousies.
On Wednesday morning, nearly 33 years after the murder, police arrested Marcel Jacob, an uncle of Gregory's father, and Jacob's wife in the Vosges mountains.
Ginette Villemin, half-sister to Gregory's father Jean-Marie Villemin, was also detained in the same region, police sources told AFP.
Gregory's grandparents were also questioned but were later released.
The arrests "target people very close to the heart of this case and aim to clarify certain points and to provide answers to questions we have," local prosecutor Jean-Jacques Bosc said in a statement.
"This is a giant step on the path to the truth," said Thierry Moser, the lawyer acting for the dead boy's parents.
The case was reopened in 2010 to take advantage of new DNA techniques.
'Revenge' letter
The day after Gregory's body was found, a letter arrived at the home of the child's parents claiming responsibility for the murder and calling it "revenge". The couple had been receiving anonymous hate mail since 1981.
Investigators took that letter seriously because it seemed to have been posted before the body was found.
Handwriting experts identified Jacob -- the uncle of Gregory's father who was among those held on Wednesday -- as possibly being the writer of the letter.
Bernard Laroche, a cousin of the child's father, was charged with the murder a month after the boy's death, based on evidence given by a teenage sister-in-law.
They were released after they withdrew their claims, only to be shot dead in March 1985 by Gregory's father Jean-Marie Villemin who spent two and a half years in prison for the crime.
The dead boy's mother, Christine Villemin, was themselves charged with the murder in 1985. But they were finally cleared eight years later and all charges against them were dropped.
The arrests on Wednesday were on charges of being an accomplice to murder, failing to denounce a crime and failing to help someone in danger, said local newspaper l'Est Republicain, which broke the story.
In the course of this latest probe into the case, investigators questioned around a hundred witnesses, some for the first time, prosecutor Bosc said in their statement.
They also analysed more than 2,000 anonymous letters received by those involved in the affair, including some to magistrates working on the case.
× Pres. elect Trump will likely use both Twitter accounts during presidency
WASHINGTON — Donald Trump's tweets have provided fodder for their adversaries, fuel for their supporters and — at times — frustration for a news media still not quite sure how to cover this president-elect. And their new top spokesperson says you can expect a lot more of them, possibly from multiple fronts.
Incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer was asked Monday during an interview on Fox News whether Trump planned to maintain their current Twitter account (@realDonaldTrump), or tweet from the official account currently held by President Barack Obama (@POTUS). But who said they had to choose?
“I think he'll probably be tweeting from both, or whatever they choose,” Spicer said.
Trump will inherit the official presidential account once they officially take office later this month. Obama was the first sitting president to assume the @POTUS account, which was created last year. Prior to that, Obama tweeted occasionally from the @BarackObama account, which has been run by their presidential campaign staffers and then the spin-off nonprofit “Organizing for Action.”
When Obama leaves office on January 20, all of the more than 300 tweets on the @POTUS timeline will be archived and then wiped clean from the account itself to make way for Trump, but the account will keep its nearly 13 million followers.
That total, while otherwise impressive, is dwarfed by the more than 18 million accounts that follow @realDonaldTrump. (The president-elect also has millions of followers on both Facebook and Instagram.)
Trump has been a prolific Twitter user for years, using their account to promote their business and political interests and relentlessly taunt their adversaries. The tweets are often impetuous and nocturnal, and at times seem to be prompted by whatever Trump has just seen on television.
But there is no question that Trump has prospered politically from their use of social media, even as many worry about the possible consequences of their tweets once they are sent from the Oval Office. Following their election in November, Trump said in an interview on “60 Minutes” that they would be “very restrained” on Twitter once they become president.
On Sunday, in an interview with ABC's “This Week,” Spicer said that Trump's social media reach “freaks the mainstream media out.”
“You know what, the fact of the matter is that, when they tweet they get results,” Spicer said.
Spicer, who has promised changes to the way the White House interacts with the press, reiterated that point in their interview Monday on Fox News.
“He understands the ability to go straight to the American people and have a conversation with them,” they said. “Now I know that is unbelievably frustrating to the mainstream media, but that is what makes them so authentic is they can speak truth to power on Twitter, on Facebook, on Instagram, get a message out and have a conversation with the American people and not have it filtered through the mainstream media.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
EMPORIA, Kan. -- Evora Wheeler of Emporia is making the world a sweeter place, one pie at a time.
Wheeler brought KSNT into their kitchen to show how they create their famous pies, which they donate to local charities and non-profits. And those pies fetch a pretty price, too -- in one case selling at a charity auction for $700.
Wheeler said there's no real secret to their pies' appeal; just a lot of time spent dialing in their recipe.
If you'd like to try to make your own, Wheeler was happy to share their recipe.
Custard pie filling
For a 12-inch pie (parentheses denote a reduction for a 10-inch pie)
4 cups milk, divided (3 3/4)
2 cups sugar (1 1/2)
7 egg yolks (6)
5 Tbsp cornstarch (4 1/2)
1/2 tsp salt (same)
2 Tbsp butter or margarine
1 Tbsp vanilla extract
Separate yolks from the whites and salt them.
combine the sugar and cornstarch and whisk into the eggs. Adding the milk one cup at a time, whisk thoroughly.
Microwave 3 minutes; whisk well.
Microwave another 3 minutes; whisk again.
Microwave another 3 minutes; whisk, then add the butter and vanilla extract; whisk to incorporate.
For the coconut custard, stir in 3/4 cup coconut. Keep a couple of tablespoons more to sprinkle on top of the meringue.
For the chocolate pie, put the cocoa in with the egg yolks and whisk, before adding the milk.
Pie crust
Makes four 12-inch crusts
6 cups all-purpose flour (Evora uses Best Choice)
3 cups butter-flavored shortening (Evora uses Crisco)
1 Tbsp salt
1 1/2 cups cold water plus more
In a large mixing bowl, sprinkle the salve over the flour. Use a pastry cutter to cut the shortening into the flour. "I use butter flavor becuase it adds color," Evora said. The pastry will coalesce into pea-size crumbs.
Switch to a spatula and add the water in, a bit at a time, working gently until a dough forms.
Switch to a fork to mash in any dry, unincorporated crumbs. Try to work the dough as little as possible.
Finish the dough ball by shaping with hands, then divide into four portions and shape each into a ball. Keep unused dough covered with plastic wrap or a damp towel while rolling out each crust.
Trimmings from a finish crust are incorporated into the next dough ball to eliminate waste.
Meringue
12 egg whites (9)
1/2 cup sugar
1/8 tsp cream of tartar
Whip the egg whites in a stand mixer, rotating the bowl while slowly adding the cream of tartar. Continue rotating while adding the sugar. Whop until stiff, glossy peaks form.
A federal judge in Las Vegas on Friday will consider a motion to delay the start of next week's high profile trial of Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy and their militia associates.
In two motions filed by one of the defendants in the 2014 Bunkerville armed standoff this week, the court-appointed attorneys for militia sympathizer Ryan Payne argue that the trial should be delayed in light of Sunday's shooting rampage in Las Vegas at a country music concert that left 59 dead and almost 500 injured. They write: "It is clear that this unprecedented act of violence will prevent the defendants from having a fair trial in this city one week from now."
The second amendment and gun ownership as a form of protest more broadly has featured prominently in the federal government's cases against Cliven Bundy and the 18 other men accused of leading an armed standoff with federal agents near Bundy's ranch in 2014.
Cliven Bundy has refused to pay more than a million dollars in grazing fees to the federal government because they say they don't recognize the government's ownership of public lands.
Payne, who was present at the standoff and also pleaded guilty for their role in the 2016-armed occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon, is asking Judge Gloria Navarro for a delay until the end of this month or move the trial to Reno. In the motion, their attorneys argue that Sunday's shooting has already prompted a broader discussion about guns "with much negative attention focused on a perceived laxity of gun laws and on persons who choose to bear and carry high-powered firearms, which is legal in Nevada."
Among other things, prosecutors in the upcoming trial will argue that the militia men were brandishing guns during the standoff, posing a clear threat to Bureau of Land Management agents who had come to round up Cliven Bundy's cattle that were grazing illegally. The Bundys and their sympathizers have maintained they were exercising their Second Amendment rights as a form of protest.
Ian Bartrum, law professor at the University of Nevada Las Vegas, says Payne's motion is consistent with the defense strategy in earlier trials about the standoff, and in the Oregon case, relying on jurors who sympathize with the men's attitudes toward the federal government and perceived federal overreach.
"I can't imagine they'd want to pick that jury or go to trial now," Bartrum says.
Even though jurors will be chosen from a broad pool across southern Nevada, it's a good bet that most will hail from the Las Vegas metropolitan area, a community that's still grieving from one of the deadliest mass shootings in American history.
Still, that hasn't seemed to have deterred the most high profile defendant in the case, Cliven Bundy himself, who in a new twist filed an objection to Payne's motion on Wednesday. In a separate court filing, their attorney Bret Whipple writes that Bundy continues to demand a speedy trial: "which has been denied for more than a year." Cliven Bundy was arrested in Oregon in February 2016 and has been detained in Nevada awaiting trial since.
The judge is expected to rule from the bench Friday on whether the trial will be delayed. If it's not, jury selection begins in Las Vegas Tuesday morning.
In my profession in Minnesota, which is therapy and addiction counseling, the state requires a certain number of continuing education credits in cultural diversity to maintain a license.
When I attended the cultural diversity course a few years back I found it to be enormously informative and helpful. The course was well-researched and professionally presented.
Our understanding of the historical plight of Native American people can inform the past, present and future, improving relations and respect for all people.
The best we can come up with is a proposed bill which allows us to run over individuals (protesters) who block entry with no legal consequences? This is a moral and humanitarian disgrace.
Please tell us you can do better. There is nothing to fear with education and becoming informed, at a minimum.
McGrath lives in Fargo.
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids Pause
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:29 UNC student mocks Duke's Grayson Allen in trippy parody video
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
UnitedHealth Group, the largest U.S. health insurer, reported a 9.4 percent rise in quarterly revenue, driven by strength in its pharmacy benefit management business.
Continue Reading Below
The company, which sells employer-based insurance as well as Medicare and Medicaid, said net earnings attributable rose to $2.17 billion, or $2.23 per share, in the first quarter ended March 31, from $1.61 billion or $1.67 per share, a year earlier.
Revenue rose to $48.72 billion from $44.53 billion.
UnitedHealth's results come a month after legislation to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system was pulled by Republican leaders due to a shortage of votes.
The Republicans' failure to repeal Obamacare, at least for now, means it remains federal law. President Donald Trump and Republicans have promised to repeal and replace the law.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
(Reporting by Ankur Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
Uses Artificial Intelligence to Quickly Connect Data, Applications, and Processes; Dramatically Reduces Time and Cost of Cloud, Analytics, and Digital Initiatives
SAN MATEO, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - SnapLogic, the leader in self-service integration, today announced industry-first technology that applies machine learning to enterprise integration -- dramatically changing the economics of cloud, analytics, and digital transformation initiatives.
The new technology, named Iris, uses artificial intelligence to automate highly repetitive development tasks, eliminating integration backlogs that stifle most technology initiatives. Iris uses advanced algorithms to learn from millions of metadata elements and billions of data flows via the SnapLogic Enterprise Integration Cloud. It applies that learning to deliver expert step-by-step guidance, improving the speed and quality of integrations across data, applications, and business processes. The "self-driving" software thus shortens the learning curve for line-of-business users to manage their own data flows, while freeing up technology teams for higher-value design and deployment needs.
"Digital transformation shouldn't depend on manual labor," said Gaurav Dhillon, founder and CEO of SnapLogic. "The ancient pharaohs built the pyramids with manual labor, but there's a better way to manage business automation and analytics. Starting today, the smart way to integrate data, applications and things will be autonomous -- blending the best of machine and human intelligence. The days of simply throwing more developers at the problem are coming to a close."
Iris extends SnapLogic's vision for self-service integration, and will fuel a series of technology innovations that SnapLogic plans to deliver over the next two to three years based on its Enterprise Integration Cloud. The first Iris-based feature is SnapLogic Integration Assistant, a recommendation engine that uses machine intelligence to give business users and analysts the right next steps in building data pipelines. Integration Assistant will be available to customers next month as part of SnapLogic's Spring 2017 Release, and is available to all customers at no charge.
[To learn more about Iris, please visit snaplogic.com/iris]
"The SnapLogic platform allows us to seamlessly transfer data between systems, without cumbersome volume limitations," said Alan Leung, senior manager of data strategy and architecture at Box. "We're excited to begin leveraging the new machine learning capabilities to improve efficiencies, so we can integrate more data and automate more processes than ever before."
The technology behind Iris was developed over the past two years by SnapLogic Labs, led by Dr. Greg Benson, SnapLogic's chief scientist and a professor at the University of San Francisco. Iris takes advantage of SnapLogic's unique cloud-native system and metadata architecture, allowing Iris to do the data science needed to find patterns and features that can be used to train machine learning models. Iris thus learns from data flows, integration paths, and patterns across SnapLogic's platform, determining what's popular, what works, and what doesn't work. It then translates that learning into specific recommendations for line-of-business and IT managers, so they can save time and reduce errors while applying best practices.
"We're incredibly excited about the potential that machine learning has already shown to shortcut the integration process," said Benson. "We're seeing up to 90 percent accuracy so far on recommendations, which will save significant time and cost associated with building, testing, and maintaining integrations. Self-service is already driving major time and cost advantages, and we expect machine learning to power another order-of-magnitude improvement over the next few years."
"Companies can't innovate and transform their businesses if they're bogged down in rote, repetitive tasks that don't do much for the organization," said Doug Henschen, vice president and principal analyst at Constellation Research. "Machine learning is emerging as the engine behind what Constellation calls human augmentation. These next-generation systems will harness the computing power and data scale of the cloud to automate routine work, so humans can concentrate on innovating and driving better business outcomes."
SnapLogic's Enterprise Integration Cloud accelerates data and process flow across cloud and on-premises applications, data warehouses, big data streams, and IoT deployments. Unlike traditional integration software that requires painstaking, hand-crafted coding by teams of developers, SnapLogic makes it fast and easy to create scalable data pipelines that get the right data to the right people at the right time. Codeless integration eliminates "technical debt" while enabling analysts, data scientists, and business users to create integrations in hours using visual drag-and-drop software. Under the hood, SnapLogic's powerful data streaming architecture delivers real-time processing with high throughput for faster data movement across the enterprise.
"To keep up with the accelerating rate at which data and analytics are evolving, organizations need solutions that replace manual labor with automated intelligence," said Matthew Glickman, vice president of product management at Snowflake Computing. "SnapLogic's ability to deliver self-driving data integration, and Snowflake's automated optimization technologies, directly address that need. Using SnapLogic to easily and rapidly load data into Snowflake allows customers to quickly integrate and make use of their data, focusing on getting value from their data to deliver better business outcomes."
About SnapLogic
SnapLogic is the global leader in self-service integration. The company's Enterprise Integration Cloud makes it fast and easy to connect applications, data, and devices with no coding. Hundreds of customers across the Global 2000 -- including Adobe, AstraZeneca, Box, Capital One, GameStop, Verizon, and Wendy's -- rely on SnapLogic to automate business processes, accelerate analytics and drive digital transformation. SnapLogic was founded by data industry veteran Gaurav Dhillon and is backed by blue-chip investors including Andreessen Horowitz, Capital One, Ignition Partners, Microsoft, Triangle Peak Partners, and Vitruvian Partners. Learn more at snaplogic.com.
Connect with SnapLogic via our blog, Twitter, Facebook or LinkedIn.
Dutch scientists hidden away in a top-security laboratory are seeking to create mutant flu viruses, dangerous work designed to prepare the world for a lethal pandemic by beating nature to...
DEARBORN HEIGHTS, MI (CBS Local) – A Michigan family is demanding answers after their five-year-old son claims two teachers repeatedly taped their mouth shut and threw out their lunch at school.
“She put the scotch tape on my mouth,” Abdul Dannaoui said, via WNEM. “They said don't tell your mom or dad, or no one.” The Highview Elementary School student reportedly told their parents on March 26 that they had been prevented from eating their lunch as many as 10 times by the two educators. The child has not returned to the school since the latest incident.
“I'm emotionally heartbroken. Disappointed. That's their second home. That's how they treat a child with asthma?” Abdul's mother Hoda Dannaoui told reporters. The boy's parents have filed a police report over the alleged abuse and are reportedly planning to sue the school district for failing to stop the teachers.
“It's outrageous. It's absurd. You think you send your kid to a place or school, where they would be safe,” attorney Nabih Ayad added. According to the family's lawyer, only one of the two teachers has been removed from Highview Elementary.
The substitute teaching assistant was reported on the same day of the last incident and removed from the school. “That's not the type of person we want working for us,” Crestwood School District superintendent Laurine VanValkenburg said, via The Detroit News. “This is not our standard of care. This should not have happened.”
Crestwood School District disputed that the five-year-old had been abused by the teachers prior to March 26. VanValkenburg said that the school has “no knowledge of” other times Dannaoui's mouth was taped shut, however Dearborn Heights Police are now investigating the boy's claims.
Dannaoui's mother said their son won't return to the school until the other teacher accused of assaulting Abdul is fired.
The Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport is ready for the arrival of tens of thousands of Super Bowl 52 fans — and extremely prepared for their departure from the Twin Cities on Monday after Sunday's big game.
“For many Super Bowl attendees, Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport will be their first and last impression of Minnesota, and we want to ensure it's a great one,” said Brian Ryks, executive director and CEO of the Metropolitan Airports Commission, which owns and operates MSP.
- Advertisement -
The airport has spruced up with a special Super Bowl info page on its website, an enhanced Wi-Fi system, new carpeting, new furniture, new shops and restaurants and has added lots of NFL signage and pop-up Super Bowl souvenir shops in the terminals.
Extra volunteers have been recruited to help travelers with airport wayfinding and extra space has been arranged for all the taxis, rental cars, limos and Uber and Lyft cars that will be supplementing public transportation options at the airport.
Weather contingency plans are in place. Airport police and fire crews have been working with city, county and federal law enforcement agencies on how to deal with various scenarios. And the Transportation Security Administration is bringing in extra officers and passenger-screening canines to help process passengers heading home after the game.
“TSA operations at MSP following the Super Bowl will be an ‘all hands on deck' operation,” said TSA spokesperson Lorie Dankers. “From uniformed staff to plain-clothes administrative personnel, everyone will be working.”
TSA and MSP expect to set passenger records on the Monday and Tuesday after Super Bowl, but airport officials are confident their team is up for the challenge.
“We have a solid plan in place to keep everyone safe, the operation running smoothly, and travelers' experience positive,” said MSP's Ryks.
Safe, smooth and fun
Safe and smooth is good, but MSP's Super Bowl welcome team is also offering fans of the Philadelphia Eagles and the New England Patriots some fun extras.
A 10-day “Performing Arts Spectacular” is underway, with a lineup of events featuring everything from Bollywood, hip-hop and flamenco dancers to vocal and drum performances. The airport's animal ambassadors will be out in full force. And giveaways in the terminals will include a series of Super Bowl/Winter-themed MSP buttons and foldable terminal maps with disposable hand warmers attached.
Several airlines, including Delta, Southwest, American and United, have added flights to MSP from Boston, Philadelphia and many other major hubs for Super Bowl ticket holders and last-minute planners heading to the Twin Cities to partake of Super Bowl festivities.
In addition to the extra flights, American Airlines, the official airline for the Philadelphia Eagles, is handing out Eagles rally towels to all passengers flying on from Philadelphia to Minneapolis-St. Paul through Sunday, Feb. 4.
And on Saturday and Sunday, United Airlines is serving “football favorites,” including hot dogs and macaroni salad, to customers visiting the carriers' lounges in its hub cities. United Club visitors in Boston, Philadelphia and Minneapolis will also find extra treats, including lobster roll and New England clam chowder in Boston; Tastykakes and a build-your-own hoagie bar in Philadelphia; and Captain Ken's Wagon Trail Chili (a Minnesota favorite) in Minneapolis.
NYmag reports:
The tech, known as ChameleonMask, “uses a real human as a surrogate for another remote user. To do this, a surrogate user wears a mask-shaped display that shows a remote user's live face, and a voice channel transmits a remote user's voice.” It looks, to be sure, extremely natural and not unsettling.
“Human Uber,” developed in Japan, provides a way to attend events remotely using another person's body. “It's surprisingly natural” says its inventor, Jin Rekimoto of Sony #emtechasia pic.twitter.com/WZHPVcZ6M0 — will knight (@willknight) January 30, 2018
According to Rekimoto, “Our pilot study confirmed that people could regard the masked person as a right person.” The developers also tested cosplaying as an anime character in real life.
Learn more below:
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
TRUMP AGENDA: “The calm before the storm”?
What's “the calm before the storm”? Our NBC News report on the president's cryptic remarks last night.
From NBC's Carol Lee, Kristen Welker, Courtney Kube and Andrea Mitchell: “John Kelly, the White House chief of staff, abruptly scrapped plans to travel with President Donald Trump on Wednesday so they could try to contain their boss's fury and manage the fallout from new revelations about tensions between the president and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, according to six senior administration officials. Kelly summoned Tillerson, and their ally Defense Secretary James Mattis, to the White House, where the three of them huddled to discuss a path forward, according to three administration officials. The White House downplayed Kelly's decision to stay in Washington, saying they did so to manage day-to-day operations.”
The New York Times: “President Trump is expected to overrule their top national security advisers and decline to certify the Iran nuclear agreement, according to people who have been briefed on the matter, a decision that would reopen a volatile political debate on Iran but is likely to leave in place the landmark deal negotiated by the Obama administration. By declining to certify Iran's compliance, Mr. Trump would essentially kick it to Congress to decide whether to reimpose punitive economic sanctions. Even among Republicans, there appears to be little appetite to do that, at least for now.”
“More than any other issue that has threatened transatlantic cohesion this year, President Trump's decision to decertify Iranian compliance with the nuclear deal could start a chain of events that would sharply divide the United States from its closest traditional allies in the world,” writes the Washington Post.
Jonathan Allen notes that one person has the power to ban bump stocks: the president.
NBC's Ken Dilanian: “Members of Special Counsel Robert Mueller's team traveled to interview the former British intelligence officer who authored a dossier alleging collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia, a source close to the ex-spy tells NBC News. Few other details were forthcoming about the interview, but Mueller's interest in Christopher Steele puts a new focus on the 35-page dossier they compiled, which includes salacious sexual allegations that then-president-elect Donald Trump denied. CNN first reported Thursday that the interview with Mueller's team and Steele took place.”
POLITICO: “White House officials believe that chief of staff John Kelly's personal cellphone was compromised, potentially as long ago as December, according to three U.S. government officials. The discovery raises concerns that hackers or foreign governments may have had access to data on Kelly's phone while they were secretary of Homeland Security and after they joined the West Wing.”
Rep. Linda Sanchez of California is calling for Nancy Pelosi to step aside.
How much of a scandal was the IRS-targeting issue in 2013? The Washington Post writes on a new report from a Treasury watchdog: “The new finding suggests Republicans and the media provided an incomplete or even misleading account of what the IRS was up to when it was reviewing political organizations that sought tax-exempt status.”
Buzzfeed got its hands on a cache of documents showing Breitbart's courtship of the alt-right. “These new emails and documents, however, clearly show that Breitbart does more than tolerate the most hate-filled, racist voices of the alt-right. It thrives on them, fueling and being fueled by some of the most toxic beliefs on the political spectrum — and clearing the way for them to enter the American mainstream.”
The Washington Post has an update on the Trump administration's efforts to undermine the ACA. “Supporters of the Affordable Care Act see the president's opposition even to changes sought by conservative states as part of a broader campaign by their administration to undermine the 2010 health-care law. In addition to trying to cut funding for the ACA, the Trump administration also is hampering state efforts to control premiums. … And with the fifth enrollment season set to begin Nov. 1, advocates say the Health and Human Services Department has done more to suppress the number of people signing up than to boost it. HHS has slashed grants to groups that help consumers get insurance coverage, for example. It also has cut the enrollment period in half, reduced the advertising budget by 90 percent and announced an outage schedule that would make the HealthCare.gov website less available than last year.”
POLITICO has more on Rep. Tim Murphy's resignation: “Ironically, Murphy's swift collapse came not because of text messages they sent to a woman with whom they were having an extramarital affair, encouraging them to have an abortion as first reported by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette on Tuesday. In fact, fears among senior Republicans about a potential wave of negative stories on how Murphy ran their congressional office were what ultimately pushed them out the door… The Post-Gazette had reported on a June 2017 memo in which Murphy's longtime chief of staff, Susan Mosychuk, warned the Pennsylvania Republican that they were mistreating and “harassing” staff, causing 100 percent turnover. But Mosychuk is a source of controversy herself. A number of former Murphy staffers told POLITICO that it was Mosychuk's behavior that drove them to leave Murphy's office. And these ex-aides said the combination of Murphy and Mosychuk — who had a close personal relationship, according to GOP lawmakers and staffers — made the situation intolerable. Mosychuk was promoted to Murphy's chief of staff in 2004, just a year after becoming their legislative director.”
OFF TO THE RACES: Marsha Blackburn is in, Bill Haslam is out
POLITICO: “With Republican Senate primaries from West Virginia to Montana promising to pit Trump-inspired insurgents against more mainstream candidates, Democrats are considering ways to step in and wreak some havoc. The idea: Elevate the GOP's most extreme option in each race, easing Democrats' path to victory in a range of states tilted against them.”
The New York Times: “Republican leaders in Congress are under attack from all sides of their own party, battered by voters from the right and left, spurned by frustrated donors and even threatened by the Trump White House for ineffective leadership and insufficient loyalty… Republicans are increasingly mystified by their own grass roots, an electorate they thought they knew, and distressed that a wave of turnover in their ranks could fundamentally change the character of Congress. They fear that the inchoate populism that Mr. Trump personifies, and which Mr. Bannon is attempting to weaponize against incumbents, is on the march.”
Don't miss Dante Chinni's look at how both parties are trying to reclaim their 2016 defectors in the Detroit suburbs.
AL-SEN: Al.com asks: Can the GOP weather the Roy Moore storm?
MO-SEN: From POLITICO: “The Republican establishment pick to take on Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill quietly reached out to former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon last week — the latest step taken by concerned Republicans to counter Bannon's threats to wreak havoc across the Senate landscape in 2018… Hawley's allies in Missouri are worried Bannon — who is recruiting challengers to incumbent Republican senators around the country — could back former state GOP chair Ed Martin, now a prominent Trump surrogate, in a primary. Martin said in a text message that they were still looking at a run.”
SC-GOV: Donald Trump will campaign for Gov. Henry McMaster later this month, writes The Post and Courier.
TN-SEN: Marsha Blackburn is in (and Bill Haslam is out.)
VA-GOV: The president tweeted yesterday: “Ralph Northam,who is running for Governor of Virginia,is fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs & sanctuary cities. Vote Ed Gillespie!”
More, from the Richmond Times-Dispatch: “While former President George W. Bush will appear with Gillespie at a fundraiser in Richmond this month, as yet there is no word about a Trump campaign event with Gillespie. In response to the president's endorsement, Northam tweeted: "TBH (to be honest) I've been expecting this" and provided a link where their supporters could donate to their campaign.”
WV-SEN: “Several of Donald Trump's most generous and influential donors are wading into West Virginia's increasingly nasty Senate GOP primary, according to new financial disclosures that reveal that the powerful Mercer family has donated to Rep. Evan Jenkins' Senate campaign,” writes McClatchy. “Robert, Diana and Rebekah Mercer have each given Jenkins $5,400, the maximum individual contribution, even as Breitbart head Steve Bannon--who is generally very close to the Mercers—has so far appeared aligned with Jenkins' chief rival in the race, West Virginia Attorney General Patrick Morrisey.”
Despite objections by law enforcement and intelligence officials, the Republican-controlled House Intelligence Committee has released a memo alleging misconduct by FBI and Justice Department officials in the investigation of Russian meddling in the 2016 election.
The memo commissioned by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., was publicly released Friday after President Donald Trump agreed to declassify the document.
The four-page document accuses the FBI and the Justice Department of omitting material and relevant information when seeking an order authorizing electronic surveillance of Trump campaign adviser Carter Page.
The memo notes the FBI and Justice Department sought and received an initial Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrant targeting Page in October of 2016 and three subsequent renewals.
Republican members of the committee said the findings detailed in the memo "raise concerns with the legitimacy and legality of certain DOJ and FBI interactions with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court," which authorized the surveillance.
The findings also represent a "troubling breakdown of legal processes established to protect the American people from abuses related to the FISA process," the GOP members said.
The memo claims the essential part of the FISA application was a dossier compiled by former British Spy Christopher Steele alleging cooperation between Trump's presidential campaign and the Russian government.
While the dossier was compiled on behalf of the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign, the memo states the application did not mention that political actors were involved.
The Republican memo also highlights comments Steele made to then-Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr admitting their feelings against then-candidate Trump.
Steele purportedly told Ohr they were "desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about them not being president."
"This clear evidence of Steele's bias was recorded by Ohr at the time and subsequently in official FBI files - but not reflected in any of the Page FISA applications," the memo says.
The FISA application did extensively cite a Yahoo News article focused on Page's July 2016 trip to Moscow, although the memo claims the article was derived from information leaked by Steele.
"Steele's numerous encounters with the media violate the cardinal rule of source handling—-maintaining confidentiality-—and demonstrated that Steel had become a less than reliable source for the FBI," the memo states.
The FBI expressed concerns about releasing the memo, but Nunes argued that the American people have a right to know when officials in crucial institutions are abusing their authority for political purposes.
Nunes said in a statement they hope releasing the memo will shine a light on an alarming series of events so lawmakers can make reforms.
In remarks ahead of the release of the memo, Trump called the alleged bias a "disgrace" and said certain people should be "ashamed of themselves."
However, many of the claims in the memo are being disputed by the Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee.
The Democrats argued that the memo makes several serious mischaracterizations about the FISA application and criticized Republicans for refusing to allow the release of their response.
"The premise of the Nunes memo is that the FBI and DOJ corruptly sought a FISA warrant on a former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser, Carter Page, and deliberately misled the court as part of a systematic abuse of the FISA process," the Democrats said in a statement.
"As the minority memo makes clear, none of this is true," they added. "The FBI had good reason to be concerned about Carter Page and would have been derelict in its responsibility to protect the country had it not sought a FISA warrant."
The Democrats called the release of the GOP memo a "shameful effort" to discredit the FBI and the Justice Department and undermine special counsel Robert Mueller's ongoing Russia investigation.
by RTT Staff Writer
For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com
Business News
A new banking bill won't just impact the big banks like Chase JPM, -0.79% and Wells Fargo WFC, -0.75% — if it becomes law, it will impact most Americans too.
The Senate approved a bill last week that will roll back some aspects of the Dodd-Frank banking reform bill, which was passed in 2010 after the financial crisis. It will make many small and midsize banks exempt from parts of Dodd-Frank. The bill was sponsored by Mike Crapo, a Republican senator from Idaho. It will now move to the House, where it could be amended further.
Under the new rules, smaller banks (those with less than $250 billion) won't have to participate in yearly Federal Reserve “stress tests” that determine where they're equipped to handle economic and market downturns. Those smaller banks say they would get relief from restrictive rules and that will encourage more lending
Don't miss: CFPB announces new path that limits its ‘unparalleled powers'
But opponents of the rollback say it will hurt consumers and increase risk, given that those banks won't have as much oversight. “There is no doubt that if passed into law, this bill would encourage the finance industry to engage in the types of reckless lending that pulled Americans into a Great Recession,” said Yana Miles, the senior legislative counsel for the Center for Responsible Lending, a nonprofit based in Durham, N.C.
Here are ways the bill could affect you:
Changes aimed at helping smaller lenders could put consumers at risk
The new bill exempts banks that extend 500 mortgages per year or fewer from the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (HMDA) requirements, meaning they do not have to report information about the demographics of consumers they lend to. Those regulations were designed to prevent discrimination in the housing market, particularly based on race and ethnicity.
Critics argue though that this change would limit the government's ability to determine whether discrimination is actually happening. A recent analysis of HMDA data from the Center for Investigative Reporting found that lenders continue to discriminate in making mortgage decisions regarding people of color across 61 metro areas nationwide, even after controlling for income, loan amount and neighborhood.
The bill would exempt 85% of the mortgage industry from these reporting requirements, said Scott Astrada, the director of federal advocacy at the Center for Responsible Lending. “Modern red-lining is still part of our reality — it is illegal on paper but the data shows that black and Latino [customers] get denied mortgages at higher rates,” Astrada said. “The only reason we know that is HMDA data.”
Critics say loosening restrictions may lead to more predatory lending
Additionally, the bill would exempt lenders with less than $10 billion in assets from having to prove a borrower's ability to repay their loan and from facing other regulatory scrutiny if they keep the loans on their books. Advocates of these changes say they will expand access to credit.
Critics are worried that loosening these restrictions could lead to a re-emergence of predatory lending behaviors that were prominent before the financial crisis — particularly because of the increased competition among home buyers in the housing market.
“There's going to be a strain to find more exotic products to offer borrowers,” Astrada said. “That increases the likelihood that consumers will get stuck in riskier or unaffordable mortgages.”
Also read: Buying a home this spring? Brace yourself for some tough decisions
Supporters of the new bill, however, argue that these regulatory requirements drove up costs for smaller banks and credit unions and made it prohibitively expensive for them to continue in mortgage lending, prompting many of them to stop doing so.
As a result, reforming these policies could help boost home-buying activity in parts of the country, including the Midwest and South, which haven't recovered as swiftly from the housing crisis.
Veterans would receive extra protections from predatory lending
In recent years, many veterans have fallen victim to predatory lending practices perpetrated by some lenders involved in the Department of Veterans Affairs home-mortgage program. These lenders will lure veterans with teaser rates, such as two months free from payments or lower short-term floating rates.
Often times, these consumers end up shelling out a lot of money in fees to the lender for little to no reward — in some cases, the veterans even see most of the equity they built up in their home stripped through the transaction.
The bill states it would impose a “net tangible benefit” test that lenders would need to provide borrowers that outline the financial impact of a refinancing and restricts some of the problematic approaches lenders would use to entice veterans.
Mortgage lenders would consider more scores beside the FICO score
The new bill would require mortgage finance providers Fannie Mae FNMA, -0.61% and Freddie Mac FMCC, +1.60% to consider more forms of credit scores when they determine borrowers' creditworthiness. Some lenders are concerned that it could lead to less creditworthy individuals getting loans, while others say it will bring more transparency and fairness to the process.
Currently, the agencies only use consumers' FICO scores, a form of credit score named after Fair Isaac Corporation FICO, -1.79% FICO scores were used in more than 90% of lending decisions made in 2016, according to Mercator Advisory Group, a research firm that specializes in the payments and banking industries.
Also see: New tax law is stressing out and confusing Americans
But other scores, including a newer version of FICO called FICO 9.0 and the VantageScore, incorporate more information than FICO scores, which can help consumers who have “thinner” files with less information about a credit history in them, said Brian Riley, the director of credit advisory services at Mercator Advisory Group. Using those scores could help younger, lower-income and minority borrowers get mortgages more easily.
The traditional FICO score requires consumers to have at least six months of credit history and at least one financial account reported to credit agencies within the last six months. VantageScore only requires one month of credit history and one account reported within the past two years.
“This additional data makes a huge difference for their ability to qualify for a mortgage,” said Karan Kaul, a research associate at the Urban Institute, a non-profit organization that focuses on social and economic policy. VantageScore, for instance, claims that 215 million people would be able to get a score, versus just 185 million with the traditional FICO score.
Alternative credit scores won't necessarily lead to more home buyers
If lenders were to begin using these alternative credit scores, more people might be able to qualify for a mortgage — but that's not a given. “It really depends on how it's implemented,” said Tendayi Kapfidze, chief economist at LendingTree.
Lenders want scores that are “well-established” and will likely still be cautious when determining which scores to use, Riley said. Because the new bill wouldn't require lenders to use the newer credit scores, lenders may continue to defer to the traditional FICO. “They may just correlate FICO with the alternative credit score,” Kapfidze said. “That means the standards would still be the FICO standards.”
Plus, lenders may view borrowers with alternative credit scores as more risky. They would then likely charge a higher interest rate to account for that risk, said Joe Melendez, chief executive of ValueInsured, a company that insures down payments for mortgage borrowers. “You're actually cancelling out the benefit of these loans because they'll become too expensive,” they added.
And while the credit score is an initial hurdle, it doesn't change the rest of the mortgage process, Kapfidze said. Case in point: Income and existing debt could still be disqualifying.
After a major data breach at Equifax, all credit freezes could be free
Another important change: The bill contains an entire section called “Protecting Consumers' Credit,” and it would require credit reporting agencies to place a security freeze on consumers' credit reports for free (if the consumer requests one). Consumers use these freezes to prevent identity thieves from taking out loans or lines of credit in their names.
Currently, states determine the cost of credit freezes. In some states it is free, but in others it costs up to $10. Consumers must pay that fee separately at each of the three credit bureaus, TRU, -0.91% Equifax EFX, -0.97% and Experian EXPN, -0.25% so it could cost them up to $30 each time they want to freeze or unfreeze their credit.
Read more: Everything you wanted to know about your credit report — but were afraid to ask
That became a sore spot for consumers after a breach at Equifax exposed more than 145 million American adults' personal information to potential hackers. Equifax took the blame for the breach and temporarily provided free freezes. TransUnion and Experian, however, did not make freezing free.
Given the frequency of data breaches and incidents of identity theft in recent years, more consumers are likely to ask to freeze their credit, said Nick Clements, the cofounder of the personal-finance website MagnifyMoney, who previously worked in the credit industry. “This type of offering is almost inevitable,” they said.
Deal accelerates Medgate's environmental market expansion and roadmap for next generation EHS solutions
TORONTO, ON and HOUSTON, TX--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Medgate Inc., the global leader in enterprise-grade, SaaS-based Environmental, Health, and Safety (EHS) management solutions announced today its acquisition of regAction Inc., a privately held environmental compliance management SaaS provider.
Headquartered in Houston, regAction serves clients in heavy asset industries. regAction has deep expertise and an impressive roster of clients in chemicals, refining, public utilities, pipelines, terminal operations, exploration and production, oilfield services, and manufacturing.
Around the world, companies in these industries face a growing array of regulatory challenges, resulting in increased risks and compliance management costs. regAction pioneered the automation of environmental data and compliance management through its scalable, resilient SaaS and mobile solution.
This move is further evidence of Medgate's traction in transforming the EHS market. It comes on the heels of a significant strategic investment in Medgate last March led by Norwest Venture Partners. Medgate was targeted for this investment because of its top-tier client base, customer-centric culture, innovative enterprise-grade technology, and track record of profitable growth.
"We welcome each of regAction's clients and talented employees to the Medgate family," said Mark Wallace, Medgate's CEO. "regAction and Medgate share the belief that EHS enables organizations to create a competitive advantage, while supporting environmental responsibility, compliance, and sustainability. Together, we offer the most comprehensive enterprise-grade EHS solution. I'm proud to say that our team -- with deep expertise across all aspects of EHS -- is unrivalled."
"We are proud to join such a well-respected leader that is defining and delivering the next generation of EHS solutions," said Frank Ivoska, President and CEO, regAction. "Both Medgate and regAction have stellar reputations for innovation and, most importantly, for taking care of their customers. Our clients immediately recognized the benefits of joining forces with Medgate. They are excited to take advantage of Medgate's complementary Safety, Occupational Health, and Industrial Hygiene solutions."
According to independent research and consulting firm, Verdantix, Environmental Compliance Management software makes up more than half of the EHS software market.
"This deal with regAction is a clear step forward for Medgate, as they strive to become among the top providers of environmental compliance and information management software. Medgate is quickly moving to build on its leadership in IH/OH, and regAction's environmental compliance modules will be a good fit," stated Rodolphe D'Arjuzon, Managing Director, Verdantix. "I expect to see Medgate realise more deals to further accelerate its capabilities development. In this market environment where speed is of the essence the benefits of Norwest Venture Partners' investment last year are really coming through now."
About regAction
regAction is the original provider of EMIS SaaS and Enterprise Compliance Software. As an environmental, health and safety (EHS) software company, regAction is concerned with developing and maintaining long term relationships with their clients.
About Medgate
Medgate leverages its cutting-edge SaaS-based technology and broad EHS risk management solution to partner with organizations around the world to effect meaningful change in the way environmental, health, and safety is managed. Medgate stands by its customers as they attain performance goals, reduce EHS risks, enhance corporate productivity, and create a healthier workforce. The company has received many accolades for its strong employee culture and outstanding growth rate including recognition as one of Canada's Best Managed Companies, being named by Aon Hewitt as one of the Best Employers in Canada, and being awarded Best New Product of the Year by Environmental Protection.
The force is strong in the UK with a new Star Wars exhibition world tour bringing a whole new experience to fans - and set to be a top Father's Day destination this weekend.
For almost 40 years, audiences around the world have followed the adventures of Anakin and Luke Skywalker, cinema's most famous father and son duo.
Now comes STAR WARS Identities, a redefined modern exhibition experience in which visitors can rediscover the unforgettable characters of Star Wars in a whole new way.
Developed and produced by Montreal's X3 Productions in collaboration with Lucasfilm Ltd., the exhibition - at London's O2 to September 3 - makes use of an extensive archive collection from the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art to explore the sciences of identity through the characters of StarWars.
The stunning collection of some 200 props, models, costumes and artwork from the original Star Wars films, an interactive identity quest, and insightful scientific content, will all work together in STAR WARS Identities to follow the dramatic journeys of Luke and Anakin Skywalker.
TICKETS: For full details, schedule and ticket information, visit, www.theo2.co.uk/starwars or www.starwarsidentities.com.
Visitors can develop a better understanding of what makes the characters of Star Wars who they are, and at the same time explore their own identity with one question: What forces shape you?
“This exhibition offers a fresh perspective on the beloved characters of Star Wars,” says Jacques-André Dupont, President and Executive Producer of X3 Productions.
“We get a deeper understanding of their identities, and, at the same time, we get a deeper understanding of our own.
The collection, the interactive components, and the scientific content work hand in hand here to create a seamless and exciting experience for our visitors. It's a character-driven adventure into identity.”
STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
Working with the Montréal Science Centre and a committee of scientific advisors, exhibition developers of STAR WARS Identities divided the study of identity into three major themes: the origins of the characters, the influences that shape them, and the choices they make during their life. Within these three themes, ten components of human identity are explored: species, genes, parents, and culture in Origins; mentors, friends, and marking events in Influences; and occupation, personality, and values in the final zone,Choices.
These components form the backbone of the exhibition, exploring the complex notion of identity both in the real world and in creative fiction. Original content throughout the exhibition will shed light on each of the components of identity; simultaneously, “making-of” featurettes explore the stories behind the development of many iconic Star Wars characters, explaining how they became who they are, and showing how different creative choices could have made them different characters altogether.
The vast and exclusive collection of some 200 objects from the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art features props, models, costumes, and artwork from the original Star Wars films. This rich collection spans the original Star Wars canon, drawing from the classic (1977-1983) and prequel (1999-2005) trilogies, the animated series The Clone Wars, as well as a few artefacts from the recently released StarWars: The Force Awakens. Fan favourites like Darth Vader, R2-D2, Chewbacca, Boba Fett, Yoda, and the Millennium Falcon – among many others – are sure to delight visitors of all generations.
STAR WARS Identities puts the visitor at the centre of the exhibition experience with an interactive identity quest that spans the duration of the visit.
Yoda at STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
Closely interwoven with the collection and the educational content, this unique interactive experience will use technology to help visitors of all ages create their own personal and original Star Wars identity by incorporating elements of their own identity with fictional elements. Visitors will then leave with their own unique character inspired by the Star Wars universe and with a deeper understanding of the exhibition's central theme.
In order to develop the exhibition's scientific content, X3 Productions has collaborated with the Montréal Science Centre content experts to gather a team of specialists from a variety of scientific fields, including genetics, neuropsychology, health sciences, and psychology. Their knowledge and expertise have shaped the exhibition's structure, and their input has been essential in developing its scientific content and in ensuring that its investigation into identity is up to date and firmly grounded in the sciences.
The Star Wars movies have broken box office records and won countless awards over the decades, but it is in the public's imagination that the franchise has truly made its mark by enchanting audiences of all ages and establishing itself as a cultural touchstone across the world. The films continue to resonate today because of their universality: we identify with the characters of Star Wars, and we recognise ourselves in their journeys.
TICKETS: For full details, schedule and ticket information, visit, www.theo2.co.uk/starwars or www.starwarsidentities.com.
Costumes on display at STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
With the new year now underway, it is just three months until a landmark law comes in to force in Scotland, making so-called ‘revenge porn' disclosures a criminal offence.
The new law under the Abusive Behaviour and Sexual Harm Act will mean that, from April 1, being convicted of the offence of disclosing or threatening to disclose an intimate photo or video will carry a maximum penalty of five years imprisonment.
The offence will cover situations where someone shares either filmed and still images of another person in an intimate situation. This includes images taken in private where someone is nude or clothed only in underwear or showing a person engaged in a sexual act.
The specific new law is being introduced to address a growing problem – as easy access to devices like smart phones mean pictures and videos taken with the expectation of privacy can now far more easily be shared publicly online through, for example, social media.
Justice Secretary Michael Matheson said: “We will not tolerate domestic abuse and harassment in a progressive and modern Scotland, which is why we have taken these measures to create this new criminal offence.
“Recklessly disclosing private and intimate images taken when privacy is expected can be extremely cruel and degrading for victims, as well as causing fear and alarm. It may also be symptomatic of highly abusive and manipulative behaviour towards an ex-partner.
“This new offence, which comes into force very soon, sends out a strong warning to anyone considering sharing such images. This move reflects technological changes and acknowledges the distress inflicted by this serious crime.
“We know legislation alone is not enough to tackle abusive behaviour and sexual violence. That is why we are taking forward a whole range of work in our drive to eliminate it in all its forms from Scottish society.”
Two large guys go on a big diet Over the years, The Post's Sunday reporter Dean Balsamini and Sunday deputy editor Paul McPolin went from running marathons and winning wrestling matches to marathon eating sessions and wrestling with...
I challenge you to a fantasy football duel, Eric Schneiderman Tonight, I have $52 riding on the Jets-Bills game. I didn't place a bet with a bookie. I didn't pour PayPal cash into an offshore, online casino. I invested the...
Mets' Daniel Murphy literally leaves their mark on home-run ball Mets second baseman Daniel Murphy hit their clutch home run Friday night so hard that they literally tattooed the baseball. A close-up shows their name on the barrel of their Louisville...
NY teams producing one of the worst years ever Today is the Toilet Bowl, when the worst team in football, the Jets, face off against the other worst team in football, the Tennessee Titans. Jet fans are rooting for...
Welcome to Staten Island, an oasis of exotic wonders It's time to solve the mystery that is Staten Island. I'll be your tour guide because, while I no longer live there, psychologically I never really left the rock. Like...
11 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Bradford Bulls are set to name John Kear as their new head coach.
League Express reports that the well-respected coach is the preferred choice for the Bulls following recent discussions.
Kear is currently the head of rugby at Super League side Wakefield but is set to become Geoff Toovey's replacement as they prepare for life in League 1.
A number of applicants are understood to have withdrawn from the process at varying stages of the appointment process, with Kear now likely to take the role.
The full story can be found in the new League Express. Buy in stores now or online at totalrl.com/le.
Public early childhood education academies could soon be required to keep and publish attendance records.
Noting that chronic absenteeism puts students behind, members of the Illinois House last week approved legislation that would mandate public preschool monitoring and reporting chronic absences on their School Report Card.
“What we find are the patterns of truancy and absenteeism start as early as 3, 4 and 5,” said state Rep. Linda Chapa Lavia (D-Aurora), sponsor of the legislation. “Throughout the state, we need to start focusing and retraining our brains to understand that early childhood is just as important as primary and secondary ed; and it gives the pattern and the relationship, not only with the parent, but the child, understanding that school is important.
“As they matriculate into the next level of education, if they miss more than 10 days, the chance of them going on to the next grade is like 57 percent. So this is a really important step, to start collecting data to see the habits of our early childhood programs throughout the state, if they receive state funding.”
If passed by the Senate, the bill would require that as of July 1, early childhood programs would begin collecting data on chronic absences. Beginning in July 2019, programs would also have to determine what support and resources are needed to positively engage chronically absent students and their families.
Public early childhood programs would then be required to provide annual reports to the State Board of Education on absenteeism data as of July 2020.
Chapa Lavia said that once the data begins to be collected, they foresee other legislation addressing chronic absenteeism in the youngest of students.
“We will see where the data takes us as a state,” the Aurora representative said.
State Rep. Jeanne Ives (R-Wheaton) said that chronically absent youth shouldn't be allowed to remain in early childhood programs.
“This is a bill basically saying, ‘By the way, if you don't show up to class, we want to know about it in a written report,'” Ives said during House discussion of the bill Thursday. “Well, how about this? If you don't show up to class, you no longer get to put your 3-, 4- or 5-year-old into taxpayer-funded child care and early education. How about that as the accountability measure? How about you lose your spot? Because we know there are more children who want and need early childhood education.”
They said people who don't have their children showing up to their public early childhood education program should not be allowed to enroll them the following year.
“Then people will show up, if you really want them educated,” Ives said.
The bill passed the House, 107-4. Republican House members voting against the bill were Brad Halbrook of Shelbyville, Margo McDermed of Mokena, Tom Morrison of Palatine and Ives. Republican State Rep. Jerry Long of Streator voted “present.”
State Rep. Steven Andersson (R-Geneva) said they had not planned to speak on the bill, but became incensed with Ives' comments.
“The idea that we would throw our children out of preschool because they didn't show up enough, that'll teach 'em, huh?” Andersson asked. “That's the answer? Can I tell you, it's not just about a low-income area. It's about my area, too; affluent areas. You know why kids sometime become chronically absentee? Because they have mental health issues … . To suggest that because they have been absent too much we ought to kick them out? That's a great recipe for disaster. You're abandoning our children when you do that. You're not helping them.”
State Rep. Litesa Wallace (D-Rockford) said it is difficult for parents without adequate resources to get their children to the early childhood centers, in some cases.
They said the benefits of early childhood programs are evident.
“Children who participate in these early programs are not only more likely to finish high school, not only more likely to go on to a university setting, they are more likely to go on to graduate school,” Wallace said. “This has lifelong, lasting effects.”
Ives also balked at the state's cost for early childhood education
The Wheaton representative claimed that this year the state will spend $500 million on early childhood education, which includes an increase of $50 million for this fiscal year. They said the state will spend $17,000 per student on early childhood education this fiscal year.
“Seventeen thousand dollars! In some cases, we are spending $10,000. The lowest we are spending per child is $5,000 for early childhood education,” Ives claimed
They said lawmakers need to talk about the expensive nature of early childhood education.
“Seventeen thousand dollars as the incremental cost for early childhood education? You might as well put them in ISU for that cost.”
Representative Chapa Lavia angrily replied, “The funny thing is, Representative, they don't get to ISU without early childhood (education).
They claimed that Ives' numbers were off-base and that the state pays about $4,000 per child for early childhood education.
Representatives of the Illinois State Board of Education were unable, as of press time, to provide figure for how much the state spends per child for early childhood education.
Chapa Lavia said Ives has targeted early childhood education ever since joining the state House.
“You know the difference between a high-minority, high-poverty area and someone that lives in a wealthier district? The lack of early childhood (education),” Chapa Lavia said to Ives. “You know what's different between my community and your community? My kids go to jail when they don't have early childhood (education).”
— Rep Jeanne Ives: Kick absentees from early childhood programs —-
TORONTO — Brian Cashman added muscle to an already strong bullpen and acquired a significant rotation upgrade in Sonny Gray in late July.
While pitching will determine the Yankees' chances of playing a postseason series for the first time since 2012, there is an alarming need for more from a lineup that until Sunday was struggling to score runs.
That means the Yankees need Aaron Judge to be more like they were in the three games they played this past weekend in Cleveland, where they went 3-for-10 with three walks, a homer and three RBIs, than the previous 21 tilts, during which they hit .176 with a .664 OPS, four homers and nine RBIS.
To put it all on Judge across the final 52 games of the season isn't fair, but analyze the Yankees lineup and who is missing from it, and Judge becomes a very big player in the effort to pass the first-place Red Sox (three-game lead) in the AL East because they are the most capable hitter to change a game with one hack.
According to a talent evaluator who was at Progressive Field to see the Indians and Yankees split four games, Judge looked better than in recent games, but the AL leader in OPS (1.051) and home runs (35), who is hitting .299 with 78 RBIs, still needs to clean up things.
“Obviously, the power is there and any mistake they get they will hit it,” the scout said after watching Judge send a bullet out of the park to right-center in Sunday's 8-1 win. “On the other hand, they will chase a breaking ball.”
Judge isn't the only Yankee capable of launching homers, but Matt Holliday has been powerless since July 14 and is on the DL. Greg Bird, who was the Opening Day No. 3 hitter, hasn't played since May 1, and nobody knows when they will return from a right foot problem that required surgery July 18. Aaron Hicks, who had 11 homers as of June 9 and went on the DL with a right oblique problem June 26, is playing rehab games in the minors and possibly could return this week.
Brett Gardner's 19 homers are second to Judge's 35. Didi Gregorius and Gary Sanchez are next at 17.
By now, the Yankees have learned to live with Judge's strikeout-to-hit rate, which on July 3 was 99 to 93. When Judge and the Yankees open a three-game series against the Blue Jays on Tuesday night at Rogers Centre, they will have 144 Ks and 113 hits.
According to a scout who has seen Judge recently, they have been offering at pitches off the plate inside. And Judge admitted to straying from their basic approach, which produced the line-drive homer Sunday.
see also Aaron Judge's simple explanation for slump Stop us if you've heard this before: Aaron Judge struggled...
“The last couple of weeks, I got off my approach, and when you get off your approach here in the major leagues, people will expose you. They are getting paid to do a job,” said Judge, who is hitting .190 (16-for-84) with five homers, 12 RBIs and has an OPS of .712 in 24 games (23 starts) since July 8. The only extra-base hits in that stretch are homers. “If you are not locked in 100 percent with your approach, you will get caught in between. You have to be on top of your game and focused either on the pitch, location or the zone you are looking for. If you get caught in between two zones, they are going to find the zone and attack the zone. It's just about being on your game.”
With 52 games remaining, the Yankees don't need Judge to hit .326 with 18 homers, 40 RBIs and post a 1.122 OPS as they did in the initial 52 games. What they do need is much better than what the AL Rookie of the Year lock and MVP candidate has done in the past two-dozen games.
One strikeout doesn't kill a hot streak and three hits in three games don't guarantee a slump is over, but the Yankees had to view Judge's Sunday homer as their best hitter's first step toward much-needed better days.
We always recommend delaying major macOS upgrades until Apple has had a chance to fix early bugs. The company has taken its first swing at the most egregious problems in macOS 10.13 High Sierra, not with the 10.13.1 update that we had expected, but with the “macOS High Sierra 10.13 Supplemental Update.” It's highly focused, providing fixes for five specific problems:
It improves the robustness of the installer, which we hope will address reported issues with installations failing to complete.
It fixes a bug that caused the cursor in Adobe InDesign to look like a pixelated box. Unfortunately, Apple said nothing about problems that users of Adobe Illustrator are having with APFS — that may have to wait for 10.13.1 or an Illustrator update.
It eliminates a problem that prevented the user from deleting email messages from Yahoo accounts in Mail.
It fixes an embarrassing mistake in Disk Utility — it turns out that if you set a hint in Disk Utility when creating an encrypted APFS volume, the password was stored as the hint, making it trivially easy to decrypt the volume. Oops!
It requires the user password when prompting for keychain access, which should prevent malicious applications from extracting passwords from the system keychain by bypassing the keychain access prompt with a synthetic click.
macOS High Sierra 10.13 Supplemental Update was 915 MB on my Retina iMac, and you can get it in the Updates screen of the App Store app.
Apple says that it has already built these fixes into new downloads of High Sierra, so if you haven't yet updated, you won't need the macOS High Sierra 10.13 Supplemental Update. But if you have already upgraded to High Sierra, we recommend installing this one sooner rather than later.
Las Vegas Metro police were responding to a shooting in the east valley on Sunday afternoon.
Officers responded about 1:43 p.m. to Monterra Apartment Homes, near Nellis Boulevard and Stewart Avenue, where a woman shot a man once. The man was shot in the hip and was in unknown condition, Lt. Grant Rogers said.
No information was available about the female suspect.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Follow @insidefutbol
Leeds United flop Pawel Cibicki has taken aim at former Whites boss Paul Heckingbottom after they joined Molde on loan until the end of the year.
The Yorkshire giants swooped to snap up the attacker from Swedish champions Malmo last summer and fans were excited to see what they could do at Elland Road.
But chances for Cibicki were few and far between, though they did have hope after making four successive starts towards the end of the year and registering two assists.
Their chances of playing ended though after Heckingbottom replaced Thomas Christiansen as head coach in February and apart from several unused substitute stints, Cibicki was regularly left out of matchday squads.
And with Leeds struggling to earn results under Heckingbottom, Cibicki admits they found the fact they were not given a chance to be strange.
"I thought it [my run of games] worked out well, I had two assists", they told Swedish outlet fotbollskanalen.
"I had to play as a right winger, it's not my position, so I just did it. It was fun to have that experience playing there.
"And I was not anonymous, I don't think. I did well, two assists, good games, so it was fun."
For Cibicki, being overlooked by Heckingbottom was baffling.
They added: "It is clear that it was weird because it was not going so well for the team and they did not win many matches.
"Nevertheless, they did not change. They kept the same players all the time.
"If you do not win any matches, you must be able to make changes.
"I am not saying I would have done much better, but changes must happen if you do not win."
Heckingbottom's poor run of results meant they were sacked earlier this summer, but new Whites head coach Marcelo Bielsa has opted against keeping Cibicki and they will now bid to relaunch their career in Norway with Molde.
It remains to be seen if the last chapter on Cibicki's Leeds career has been written.
Fusion's Single Source Cloud Solutions Selected by the Major Mid-Atlantic Law Firm to Move Business-Critical Communications to the Cloud
NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Fusion ( NASDAQ : FSNN), a leading provider of cloud services, announced today that the Law Offices of Peter G. Angelos, P.C., a major Mid-Atlantic law firm, has signed a three year agreement with Fusion to upgrade the law firm's communications infrastructure, facilitating its migration to the cloud while protecting its significant technology investments. Fusion's comprehensive, fully integrated cloud solutions replace the law firm's aging, premise-based systems with advanced solutions that converge the voice and data requirements of its employees. The Fusion cloud solution delivers powerful UCaaS communications and collaboration features and functionality to increase staff productivity, and the diverse and secure network connection to the cloud required to access them.
The law firm cited Fusion's unique single source solution for its selection, noting the importance of one contract, one contact and one invoice in driving efficiencies throughout its service environment. Fusion's managed end to end services are delivered over its robust, geographically diverse and secure network. This nationwide cloud network enabled Fusion to provide a single, end to end managed service, eliminating the finger pointing so often associated with multi-vendor environments, and provided an additional reason for the firm's decision to deploy the solution across its seven office locations. The company was also impressed with Fusion's powerful administrative portal, which offers the firm direct control over its extensive and expanding voice network.
"Our mission is to deliver peace of mind to our clients, simplifying complex and confusing legal processes and inspiring confidence and trust by extending a single hand to shake. We have found that Fusion is committed as well to solving the problems that keep its customers up at night. Fusion's single source solution will not only increase productivity and reduce costs for the firm, but will deliver peace of mind with a swift, secure and seamless path to the cloud," said Dean Hadjis, CFO of the Law Offices of Peter G. Angelos. P.C.
"This major law firm has represented clients in several states across the region for over 50 years. Well known nationally and respected for its tradition of excellence, it has set the highest standards for service quality and expects that same commitment from its service partners. That is why we are especially gratified that this outstanding firm has placed its confidence in our single source cloud solutions," said Russell P. Markman, Fusion's President of Business Services.
About Fusion
Fusion, a leading provider of integrated cloud solutions to small, medium and large businesses, is the industry's single source for the cloud. Fusion's advanced, proprietary cloud service platform enables the integration of leading edge solutions in the cloud, including cloud communications, contact center, cloud connectivity, and cloud computing. Fusion's innovative, yet proven cloud solutions lower our customers' cost of ownership, and deliver new levels of security, flexibility, scalability, and speed of deployment. For more information, please visit www.fusionconnect.com.
About the Law Offices of Peter G. Angelos, P.C.
For over fifty years, the Law Offices of Peter G. Angelos, P.C. has improved the lives of individuals, families and small businesses by obtaining the compensation they deserve for injuries suffered. Founded on a tradition of service and with a distinguished history of success, the law firm's dedicated legal team is respected for its skills, experience and unyielding dedication to serving communities in Maryland, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, and Washington, D.C. Mr. Angelos, who is an owner of the Baltimore Orioles, is well known for acts of charity and philanthropy.
4. It sparked a finger-pointing back-and-forth between Carey's team and Dick Clark Productions.
Carey rep Nicole Perna told Billboard that Dick Clark Productions “set them up to fail” and that there were issues with their in-ear monitors.
“We told them [the stage managers] that the in-ears were not working 10 minutes before the performance,” Carey's agent, Stella Bulochnikov told Billboard.
But on Tuesday Dick Clark Productions told Deadline they investigated and the allegations that it “would ever intentionally compromise the success of any artist is defamatory, outrageous and frankly absurd.”
The company added, “In very rare instances there are of course technical errors that can occur with live television, however, an initial investigation has indicated that dcp had no involvement in the challenges associated with Ms. Carey's New Year's Eve performance.”
People in a drought-stricken region of Madagascar are struggling with failing crops and child malnutrition, but their cries for help have been met with little action from the international community.
AMBOASARY SUD, Madagascar — Nineteen-year-old Masy had been up since 2 a.m. — that's when they and their family set out from their village in southern Madagascar called Ovototry to bathe, collect water, and buy goods at a market near the Mandrare River.
The river is the village's lifeblood and people from all over the southern region of Amboasary Sud come to its shores every day. Children screamed as they chased each other around the water's edge; older men and women slapped soapy clothes against the rocks to wash them; teenagers clustered in the shade, their heads pressed together in whispery gossip. The Mandrare was once so vast a bridge had to be built over it so cars could pass. When BuzzFeed News visited the river as part of trip organized by UNICEF in order to visit the remote area, it was so dry that when people stood in the deepest part, the water hardly reached their knees. Dry seasons normally don't phase people from Madagascar, known as Malagasy, but a drought that began two years ago has reduced rivers like the Mandrare to glorified puddles, resulting in failed crops and severe acute malnutrition. The massive island country off the coast of Mozambique in the Indian Ocean faces a conundrum unlike that of any other African country: It is so poor that a humanitarian crisis like a water shortage is enough to rattle a resource-thin government to its core, yet it rarely faces the kinds of calamities, like civil war, that normally spur the international community into action. And even when natural disasters do strike, there is no chance of people crossing borders as refugees, often rendering it a self-contained crisis that becomes easy to ignore. Malagasy farmers and aid workers alike are concerned that things will only get worse with time as climate change continues to shift the weather patterns that they've depended on for centuries. Masy comes from a long line of farmers, who couldn't afford to keep sending them to school past the age of 12. The drought wreaking havoc on the region has left them with little to harvest, and even less to eat or drink. These days Masy (it's common in their village for people to not use last names) sells eggs to people who travel to the river from other villages, but usually finds that their customers are struggling just as much as their family is and can't afford them. On the days they can't make it to the river, their family spends anywhere between 800 and 2,000 Malagasy ariary (25 to 62 cents) for a 20-liter can of water — a steep price in a country where 92% of the population lives on less than $2 a day. Masy said their community gets help from a couple of local and international NGOs that provide cash assistance programs, but nothing more. They raised their arm to shield their face from the harsh sun overhead, sparkly green nails glinting in the light. “The government doesn't do anything for us,” they said.
Madagascar is an outcast — geographically, linguistically, and politically, it stands apart in its corner of Africa. Even pneumonic plague's spread to the capital last year was met with mild concern, because the chance of the viral disease jumping from the island to other countries was low. And apart from a coup in 2009 that left at least 100 people dead, Madagascar has managed to avoid the kind of civil unrest or terrorism that has stricken many other countries and grabbed the international community's attention like Somalia, Nigeria, the Democratic Republic of Congo, South Sudan, and Libya.
As a result, Malagasy people have largely been left to fend for themselves when disaster strikes, apart from the efforts of local and international NGOs based there. El Niño — the warming of the western Pacific Ocean that occurs every few years — often curbs the amount of rain African countries receive but its effects have begun to worsen in recent years. “The rainy season in Amboasary Sud used to last between October and March, but in the past two years it has stalled until December and ended early in February,” Masy's uncle, Vonjy Raij Jean Louis, told BuzzFeed News when we visited in November. Jean Benoît Manhes, the deputy representative for UNICEF in Madagascar, told BuzzFeed News that while other countries in southern Africa were hit by drought last year, Madagascar's poor infrastructure, bad roads, and under-sourced health centers make climate-related emergencies that much more difficult to respond to.
Not helping matters was the slow response from Madagascar's government. “The government initially denied that El Niño was worse than normal this year,” they said, adding that its reluctance to accept that disaster had struck presented a challenge for organizations like UNICEF when it came to securing funding from international donors. But even in the absence of an immediate crisis, Madagascar ranks low on the list of countries that receive financial assistance. In 2015, the country received the smallest amount of foreign aid in the world after Nepal, Guinea, and North Korea, a representative of the World Bank told BuzzFeed News.
Advertisement
Norohasina Rakotoarison, who heads the health and environment department within the Ministry of Public Health, told BuzzFeed News in an email in January that they agreed the drought throughout the south was “alarming.” When asked how they would respond to people like Masy, who have lost faith in the government to help them, Rakotoarison said that due to the extreme level of poverty in the southern region, “people tend to wait for permanent government assistance, but the government does not have the means to offer continuous help.” Once the government did finally acknowledge the problem, they started up a long-term, solar-powered extraction project to transport water from the Mandrare River into rural villages via underground pipes, further draining the river until the next rains but eliminating the need to walk for hours to collect its water. But even its own employees working on the project admit that the response had come too late. Patrick Rakotoarison, a civil engineer for the Ministry of Water and Sanitation in Madagascar, had been working on the water extraction project for a month and a half when they spoke to BuzzFeed News in November. “Water in the south is not a priority for the government,” they said when asked why their office didn't begin responding to the drought until two years after it had begun. There were other logistical issues, added Olivier Rajernerson, the conductor leading the project, like how construction of a crucial part of the structure couldn't begin until solar panels from France were delivered. In the meantime, Malagasy people from Amboasary Sud were left to fend for themselves as the situation worsened. One of the primary effects of the drought has been a steep rise of severe acute malnutrition among the children of the south. It's an issue deeply familiar to Dr. Paubert Magnirisoa Vily, who works at an Intensive and Educational Nutrition Recovery Center in a larger city about 20 miles west of Amboasary Sud called Ambovombe.
“Usually the children come in because they have malaria or a cough,” Dr. Vily said, and it's usually through those treatments that they notice they are malnourished. “There's no nutritional diversity because of the drought, which is a form of malnutrition many people don't immediately consider,” they added. They spoke to BuzzFeed News while tending to 3-year-old Manatana, whose mother Hoasie brought them to the clinic four days prior. Hoasie told BuzzFeed News that they had only been able to feed their son cassava because it was all farmers in the area could manage to grow. They became concerned about Manatana when they would stop eating after two spoonfuls of food. Soon after, they noticed their face and genitals begin to swell, a symptom Dr. Vily said is a sign of a protein deficiency. Manatana's malnutrition stunted their growth, too; Dr. Vily said that their physical size was akin to that of a 9-month-old baby.
After a few days of treating them with nutritional milk, Dr. Vily and the nurse assisting her, Rocheella Fabiello, noted improvements.
“Yesterday I was very sad. They didn't talk. When I touched him, they didn't move,” Fabiello said. “Now he's responsive.” It's common for families in Madagascar to have between 8 and 10 children, who are expected to help farm their land when they're older. But when the drought hits, the number of mouths to feed combined with failing crops becomes a heavy burden for farmers who are also mothers. Haova Marie Jeanne, who lives in the village of Sampona, normally makes a living growing sweet potatoes and cassava, but hasn't been able to harvest anything for months. She, a mother of eight, travels up to six hours to collect water, often times carrying their 3-month-old baby on their back. “People are suffering,” they said. “I just want the rain to come.” The long-term impact of these changes could cause permanent shifts to the communities in Amboasary Sud and the communities around it. Daniel Silva, a spokesperson for the International Organization for Migration, told BuzzFeed News last week that the IOM conducted research on 20 of the 51 villages in southern Madagascar in July and December 2017. They found that out of a half million people in the region, 29,718 people had migrated outside of their villages. Of those, half attributed their move to the drought. Silva called this a considerably high rate, given the low likelihood that the numbers of people leaving would be replaced. Some villages have lost up to 30% of their population. UNICEF representative for Madagascar Elke Wisch told BuzzFeed News in November that they and their team were struggling to figure out how to put a low-risk country high on the priority list even as climate-related issues and humanitarian crises intensify on the continent. “Everybody knows that there's a problem in South Sudan. Everybody knows that there's a crisis in Somalia. Here in Madagascar, you have all these silent situations,” they said. “Since the world has signed up for Millennium Development Goals and Sustainable Development Goals, one would assume that the countries that feature on the top or lowest five [lists for humanitarian crises] would get attention and money, but that hasn't happened. That's what I find mind-boggling.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
Tamerra Griffin is a reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based Nairobi, Kenya. Contact Tamerra Griffin at tamerra.griffin@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
The 10-year U.S. Treasury yield rose above 3 percent for the first time since January 2014, in a signal that higher interest rates are ahead in the world's biggest bond market amid an onslaught of supply and a Federal Reserve intent on boosting interest rates.
The yield, the benchmark for everything from U.S. mortgages to dollar bonds in developing nations, climbed as high as 3.0014 percent on Tuesday, before retreating to 2.99 percent as of 11:36 a.m. in New York. Traders have been focused on the next round number on the horizon for days, even though no clear catalyst emerged as the main culprit for the longest selloff in a year.
The move reinforces that yields are on the rise in the $14.9 trillion Treasuries market. They surged in the first two months of the year, but pared that advance last month, leading some strategists to ponder whether 2018 might echo 2017, when optimism on the economy led yields to peak early in the year. Fed officials' most recent forecasts are for two additional rate increases in 2018. Traders are pricing in more than that.
“We are basically at our mid-year target right now,” said Jay Barry, a JPMorgan Chase & Co. fixed-income strategist. “This yield move is to be expected now given we are at a mature point in the cycle.”
Of course, just because the market hit a milestone doesn't mean investors need to fret about runaway interest rates just yet. JPMorgan estimates the 10-year yield will end 2018 at 3.15 percent, the same as the median forecast of 56 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg. Indeed, the last time the 10-year yield topped 3 percent, toward the end of the bond-market wipeout known as the “taper tantrum,” Treasuries went on to rally anew.
This time, however, bond traders have to grapple with a deluge of new government debt. The U.S. budget deficit will surpass $1 trillion by 2020, two years sooner than previously estimated, the Congressional Budget Office said this month. At the same time, the Fed is trimming its balance sheet, meaning the amount of net new debt is poised to surge in the years ahead.
Treasury has asked primary dealers to give forecasts for America's borrowing needs over the coming three fiscal years, ahead of the next quarterly refunding announcement on May 2. Just this week, the department is issuing a combined $96 billion of two-, five- and seven-year notes, the largest slate of fixed-rate coupon sales since 2014. Yields on all the maturities are near multi-year highs.
Some market observers, like Jim Bianco, president of Chicago-based Bianco Research, downplay the significance of 3 percent, blaming “an infatuation with round numbers.” At the same time, there's no question the 10-year yield is within striking distance of important technical levels, particularly 3.05 percent, they said.
That's because 3.0516 percent is the intraday peak set on Jan. 2, 2014. Any yield higher than that hasn't been observed since 2011.
“We haven't been at a seven-year high in a long time,” Bianco said in a telephone interview. “And then people start thinking again about if we are in a multi-year bear market in bonds.”
Image caption Jamie Mines missed Christmas with their twin daughters Isabella and Savannah
A firm has been fined £80,000 for a "careless" health and safety oversight which led to an employee losing their leg, hands and a foot.
Jamie Mines, 33, received an electric shock at Swindon's Kendrick Industrial Estate in December.
Their firm, Boundary Scaffolding Ltd, was fined, and its director Jonathan Griffiths-Clack handed a six-month sentence suspended for 12 months.
Both admitted health and safety breaches at Swindon Magistrates' Court.
'Out of character'
Mr Mines had been fixing a metal sheet to a storage shed roof when they came too close to overhead power lines and 33,000 volts passed through their body.
The exclusion zone around the cables was 3m (10ft), but Mr Mines was working at 2.77m (approx 9ft) away from it when the sheet of metal arced over and hit the cables.
Mr Mines was placed in an induced coma and missed their first Christmas with their five-month-old twins Isabella and Savannah.
They returned home but had to be readmitted to hospital to have their left foot amputated after it became severely infected.
During sentencing, the judge described the incident as "single, isolated and out of character".
Despite the oversight, they said, the company did have health and safety guidelines in place generally.
Griffiths-Clack, of Grosmont Drive, Swindon, who pleaded guilty to breaches of two sections of the Act, was also ordered to repay costs of £1,545.
Boundary Scaffolding Ltd, which admitted breaching the Health and Safety at Work Act, was also ordered to pay costs of £1,415.
The European ended Friday's session with another loss, extending its recent losing streak to five days. Bank stocks were under pressure following a weak report from Germany's Deutsche Bank. The continued rise in global bond yields also pressured the equity markets.
The strong US jobs report for January also cemented the belief among investors that the Federal Reserve is likely to hike rates at its March meeting.
Employment in the U.S. jumped by more than anticipated in the month of January, according to a closely watched report released by the Labor Department on Friday. The report said non-farm payroll employment surged up by 200,000 jobs in January after climbing by an upwardly revised 160,000 jobs in December.
Economists had expected employment to increase by about 180,000 jobs compared to the addition of 148,000 jobs originally reported for the previous month.
The pan-European Stoxx Europe 600 index weakened by 1.37 percent. The Euro Stoxx 50 index of eurozone bluechip stocks decreased 1.51 percent, while the Stoxx Europe 50 index, which includes some major U.K. companies, lost 1.20 percent.
The DAX of Germany dropped 1.68 percent and the CAC 40 of France fell 1.64 percent. The FTSE 100 of the U.K. declined 0.63 percent and the SMI of Switzerland finished lower by 0.76 percent.
In Frankfurt, Deutsche Bank dropped 5.85 percent after the bank posted a net loss of 2.2 billion euros ($2.75 billion) in the fourth quarter of 2017, hurt by lower trading revenues and one-off charges.
In London, telecom giant BT Group tumbled 3.14 percent after reporting a drop in quarterly revenue and earnings.
Capita climbed 3.36 percent on bargain hunting after tumbling to a 20-year low on Thursday.
Troubled doorstep lender Provident Financial rallied 7.28 percent after naming a new CEO.
AstraZeneca rose 3.15 percent after it reported a fall in 2017 revenues on lower product sales.
Cobham dropped 6.17 percent. The aerospace and defense supplier has agreed to divest its test and measurement businesses to a U.S. buyer.
Caixa Bank fell 2.98 percent in Madrid on disappointing quarterly results.
Eurozone producer price inflation eased at a faster-than-expected pace in December, data from Eurostat showed Friday. Producer prices climbed 2.2 percent year-over-year in December, slower than the 2.8 percent rise in November. Economists had expected the inflation to ease to 2.3 percent.
British construction activity expanded at the slowest pace in four months in January, survey results from IHS Markit showed Friday. The IHS Markit/Chartered Institute of Procurement & Supply construction Purchasing Managers' Index fell more-than-expected to 50.2 in January from 52.2 in December. It was expected to fall to 52.0.
Revised data released by the University of Michigan on Friday showed only a slight deterioration in U.S. consumer sentiment in the month of January. The report said the consumer sentiment index for January was upwardly revised to 95.7 from the preliminary reading of 94.4. Economists had expected the index to be upwardly revised to 95.0.
After reporting a bigger than expected jump in new orders for U.S. manufactured goods in the previous month, the Commerce Department released a report on Friday showing factory orders once again increased by more than expected in December.
The Commerce Department said factory orders surged up by 1.7 percent in December, matching the upwardly revised jump seen in November. Economists had expected factory orders to climb by 1.5 percent compared to the 1.3 percent increase originally reported for the previous month.
by RTT Staff Writer
For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com
Market Analysis
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
The President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association, Bello Abdullahi Bodejo has warned that they will resist any attempt to remove President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019. Bodejo warned that Nobody should try and remove Buhari, adding th...
AUSTRALIAN POLICE ARE investigating how a 12-year-old boy managed to fly alone to the Indonesian island of Bali and spend four days at a resort using their parents' credit card.
The boy ran away from their Sydney home after a row with their mother, flying first to the Western Australian city of Perth on budget airline Jetstar and then on to Bali, according to commercial broadcaster Channel Nine.
“He just doesn't like the word no, and that's what I got, a kid in Indonesia,” their mother, Emma, told Channel Nine in a programme that aired late last night.
“It's too easy, it's way too easy. There's a problem in our system,” they said, calling for tighter controls on air travel by young people.
The family had previously visited Bali on holiday and Emma said their son had already tried to book flights there on their own but had been knocked back by airlines because they did not have a letter from them
“We screamed, we begged for help [from Australian authorities] for weeks on end,” Emma added.
“When the first attempt to Indonesia took place, we were told their passport was going to be flagged.”
The boy, who “wanted to go on an adventure”, said they were told by airline staff this time that they did not need permission from their parents to board the flights.
They spent four days in Bali, where they said they checked into a hotel, hired a scooter and drank beer before a friend alerted their mother to a geotagged video of themselves playing in a swimming pool.
Police notified
The holiday cost their parents $8,000 (€3,792), according to Channel Nine.
The Australian Federal Police said they were first notified that the boy might try to leave the country on 8 March, before being told they might be in Bali on 17 March.
The boy was found by Indonesian police the following day.
Their parents then flew to Bali to take them home.
The federal police said an alert to prevent international travel had not been placed on the boy, and it did not have the power to cancel or request the cancellation of a passport if there were no suspicions of crimes committed.
“The AFP will work with partner agencies to review the circumstances of this matter and current operating procedures, to ensure this type of incident does not occur again,” an AFP spokesperson said in a statement.
Jetstar told Channel Nine the airline had since changed its procedures to prevent children over 12 from travelling without parental permission.
In general, Australian airlines do not allow children younger than five to travel alone.
Children between the ages of five and 11 must be booked on an unaccompanied minor ticket while those from the ages of 12 to 15 are required to have a permission slip from their parent or guardian.
- © AFP 2018
Metro Police said officers were investigating a homicide on the 3100 block of Key Largo Drive, near Tropicana Avenue and McLeod Drive Tuesday night. (Photo: Gai Phanalasy / FOX5)
Metro Police said officers were investigating a shooting that killed a man and injured a baby on the 3100 block of Key Largo Drive, near Tropicana Avenue and McLeod Drive Tuesday night.
A 41-year-old man was shot in the chest and was taken to Sunrise Hospital where they were pronounced dead, police said.
Theirs child, a three-week-old infant also taken to Sunrise Hospital in extremely critical condition with a gunshot wound to the stomach.
Metro Police Homicide Lt. Ray Spencer said officers responded to the apartment complex on a domestic disturbance call before 7 p.m. Tuesday.
Spencer said the man killed and their girlfriend (or fiance) got into an argument. It escalated and the woman's brother left and went to their neighboring home to get a gun. They came back and fired at the victim, who was choking the baby. The baby was shot also shot, police said.
Police said a suspect, the woman's brother, was not taken into custody.
"It's absolutely tragic when you have a three-week-old baby who is the victim of gunfire. Reach out for help if you're in a stressful domestic situation," Spencer said. "At this point, I'm really hopeful the baby is going to come through."
The case will be submitted to the District Attorney for review, police said.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
NBC 7's Danielle Radin investigates a controversial new piece of equipment the San Diego Police Department is using to crack down on drivers under the influence of marijuana. (Published 2 hours ago)
New technology being used by the San Diego Police Department has lead to two arrests of people suspected to be driving under the influence of marijuana.
The Drager 5000 is a device that detects cannabis, cocaine, methadone, methamphetamine, prescription drugs and other substances in drivers.
It uses a swab sample from the mouth, which is put into the device and evaluated over the course of 8 minutes.
Police have been using the Drager 5000 for 3 months at various DUI checkpoints around San Diego. They said Wednesday the voluntary test has been offered to dozens of people. So far, three people have taken the test. Two people were arrested.
A woman also volunteered to take the test Tuesday night after police said they were in a car with people smoking pot. They told police they had not used it herself. The device tested positive for marijuana. They were not arrested.
"There's no science to back this up, whatsoever," said Cole Casey, a criminal defense attorney in San Diego.
Casey said only a blood test can determine if someone is too impaired to drive after ingesting marijuana.
“The biggest issue this is going to have in court is that there is no legal limit for marijuana," added Casey. So the Dragger 5000 comes out and says here's the marijuana levels. What do you do with that information?”
Police said after they use the Drager 5000 and arrest someone, that person is taken to the station to take a blood test as well.
UFC president Dana White has threatened to sue boxing legend Manny Pacquiao.
The Filipino hero recently revealed that they held initial talks with Conor McGregor over a boxing match. But White is furious that Pacquiao hasn't gone through their team to secure a bout with the UFC champ.
Pacquiao recently said of their potential fight with McGregor: “If we can negotiate it, I have no problem. [Talks?] Initially, but we have not had any follow-up conversations.”
White was less than impressed when they heard the revelation.
“That would be weird because [McGregor's] under contract with us,” White said. “If that's true, I will be suing Manny Pacquiao and whoever's representing him. So, I'm assuming that's not true.”
Pacquiao is currently enjoying life as a politician in their homeland. But it appears the veteran is ready to put politics to the side and land a big-money fight with Ireland's favorite son.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
A cold front will sweep through tonight bringing colder air and spotty showers tonight and Saturday. Look for a few showers, some southwest wind and a low of 9 C tonight. Saturday will feature a few sunny breaks and a 40 per cent chance of showers, windy again with highs of 15. Sunday and Monday it's a return to sunshine.
LIBERTYVILLE, Ill. – Some wild moments on the field during a children's baseball game in Illinois.
Libertyville Firefighters tweeted a video of a dust devil whipping up, and said, “We had a slight tornado delay at the Libertyville Memorial Day Travel Baseball Tournament.”
The Washington Post reported that Mike Weaver, a lieutenant for the Libertyville Fire Department, is the one who posted the video. They were there on Saturday watching their son play ball when it happened. You hear them on the video saying, “tornado timeout.”
Weaver said the dust devil lasted just a couple of minutes and then was gone.
Probably the 66th Pulitzer Prize for @washingtonpost https://t.co/2tQUL6d3xx — Libertyville Firefighters (@IAFFLocal3892) May 30, 2018
Video
A York man has spent the last two weeks travelling to watch the World Cup with fans of other countries.
Michael Cansfield has visited seven countries including Croatia, Poland and France driving an electric car on a 5,500 mile (8,800 km) round trip.
They watched the matches in bars, restaurants and on giant screens set up in city squares.
Related Articles Almost a year later, few answers from probe into Prince's death MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — The Latest on the investigation into the death of Prince (all times local):
9:05 a.m.
A court document says a doctor prescribed oxycodone for Prince under the name of the musician's friend to protect their privacy.
Prince was 57 when they were found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at their Paisley Park home on April 21.
Autopsy results showed they died from an accidental overdose of fentanyl, a synthetic drug 50 times more powerful than heroin.
According to search warrants unsealed Monday, authorities searched Paisley Park, cellphone records of Prince's associates, and Prince's emails to try to determine where they got the fentanyl that killed him.
The documents suggest Prince was struggling with prescription opioid addiction.
One affidavit says Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg admitted they prescribed oxycodone for Prince in a Prince's associate's name “for Prince's privacy.”
A message left with Schulenberg's attorney wasn't immediately returned.
___
12:15 a.m.
It's been nearly a year since Prince died from an accidental drug overdose at their suburban Minneapolis estate, yet investigators still haven't interviewed a key associate or asked a grand jury to consider whether criminal charges are warranted, according to an official with knowledge of the investigation.
Prince was 57 when they were found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at their Paisley Park home on April 21. Authorities later said they died of an overdose of fentanyl, a powerful synthetic drug. They still don't know the origin of those drugs and there has been no indication that they are poised to hold anyone responsible anytime soon.
On Monday, search warrants executed by local authorities are due to be unsealed, likely including one from the first search of Paisley Park.
World needs women, not for what they do, but who they are, pope says
by Cindy Wooden
Catholic News Service
6 days ago
"Woman is harmony, poetry, beauty," Pope Francis told congregants at a Feb.9 Mass. "Without her, the world would not be as beautiful, it would not be harmonious."
VATICAN CITY (CNS) — The exploitation of any person is a crime, but the exploitation of a woman "destroys harmony" in the world, Pope Francis said.
Commenting on the Genesis story of God creating Eve, Pope Francis told people at their early morning Mass Feb. 9 that the creation story emphasizes how the world needs the qualities women have.
Men and women "are not the same, one is not superior to the other, no," the pope said. "It's just that men do not bring harmony.  They are the one who brings that harmony that teaches us to caress, to love with tenderness and who makes the world something beautiful."
After the creation of Adam, the pope said, "God themselves notices the solitude" of Adam, who "was alone with all these animals."
God could have said, "'Hey, why don't you take a dog, who will be faithful, to accompany you through life and two cats to pet.' A faithful dog is good, cats are cute — at least some think so, others no, for the mice no!" the pope said.
But Adam still felt alone, so God decided to make a suitable companion for him. In the Genesis story, God casts a deep sleep on Adam, the pope noted, so it is reasonable to assume that before Adam saw Eve, they dreamed of them
"To understand a woman, it is necessary to dream of them first," the pope said. And when Adam awakes, they recognize them immediately. After all the birds and animals were created, Adam sees Eve and says, "Ah, this time, yes!"
Too often when people speak about women they talk in terms of function, "'woman was made to do this' — No!" the pope said. The woman themselves is special and "without them the world would not be the same."
"Often we hear people say, 'In this company, this institution, there must be a woman to do this or to do those things,'" they said. "It's true that women must do things and that they do things like all of us do," but their purpose does not lie in a task, but in the qualities they bring.
"Exploiting a person offends humanity," they said, "but exploiting a woman is something more, it is destruction, it is turning back, it is destroying harmony."
"Woman is harmony, poetry, beauty," the pope said. "Without her, the world would not be as beautiful, it would not be harmonious."
VATICAN CITY (CNS) — The exploitation of any person is a crime, but the exploitation of a woman "destroys harmony" in the world, Pope Francis said.
Published
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Property group IM is to relocate its head office to Solihull.
The company, which is currently based in Coleshill, is moving around 250 staff to the Fore Business Park as a result of the new HS2 line passing through the site of its existing HQ.
A purpose-built campus, including offices and a training academy, is being constructed for the IM Group of companies and Christian Vision, a charity established by IM's founder Lord Edmiston.
As part of the project, IM secured consent for an additional 100,000 sq ft of offices to sit alongside its new headquarters.
Group managing director Andrew Edmiston said: "Over the last few years, IM Group has been developing rapidly.
"Although we did not expect to be moving from our previous location so soon, we are excited to be moving into Solihull.
"We firmly believe in providing the very best facilities for our staff and visitors and our new HQ is an opportunity to go further than we have been before in that regard.
"The effort we are putting into this project reflects the confidence we feel in our future."
West Midlands Mayor Andy Street said: "The IM Group is one of the region's success stories and it's great to see the company moving forward with confidence, investing in the future of the business, creating new jobs and opportunities and contributing towards the future prosperity of the West Midlands."
Barclays' massive gender pay gap revealed One of the biggest banks on Wall Street on Thursday unveiled an eye-popping pay gap. Barclays, run by chief executive Jes Staley, pays its female investment bankers about half what...
MSG, Barclays to get 'Commando'-equipped cops amid terror concerns Specially trained NYPD officers armed with high-powered rifles will soon be assigned to every event at the city's major stadiums to combat potential terror, The Post has learned. In the...
This multitrillion-dollar suit can't go unnoticed There was a major development in a lawsuit last week that every investor should know about — and worry about. But nobody is paying attention. A New York federal judge...
Prokhorov pressuring Islanders to play at Nassau Coliseum Russian billionaire Mikhail Prokhorov, looking to protect a $165 million investment in the Nassau Coliseum, is pressuring the New York Islanders to play a significant number of games at the...
Goldman Sachs relaxes dress code for its tech workers Traditionally buttoned-up Wall Street bank Goldman Sachs has relaxed the dress code for its computer engineers in a bid to attract tech talent with a more casual environment. The fifth-largest...
Morgan Stanley CEO falls for email prank The Wall Street email prankster has struck again. Morgan Stanley CEO James Gorman is the latest bank boss to get fooled by a UK-based email hoaxster, whose previous dupes have...
Goldman CEO gets duped by email prankster Lloyd Blankfein just became the latest Wall Street boss to get duped by an email prankster. The Goldman Sachs CEO, who recently has taken to Twitter for the first time,...
Barclays tightens email security after prankster fools its CEO Barclays has clamped down on its email security after a prankster fooled CEO Jes Staley with a message posing as the bank's chairperson, according to a report. Staley got roasted...
Barclays CEO regrets trying to hunt down whistleblower He's all Barclays and no bite. Jes Staley, CEO of the British bank, apologized on Wednesday for trying to hunt down the identity of a whistleblower who had sent letters...
Property that belonged to famed comedian Jerry Lewis will be auctioned next month in Las Vegas.
Julien's Auctions says some of their watches, including one given to them by Dean Martin, and their wardrobe and props from the 1963 film "The Nutty Professor" are among the items that will be auctioned.
The auction house says the watch is engraved with the phrase "Jerry My Buddy/ and Pal/ I Love You/ Dino." It is expected to sell for between $4,000 and $6,000.
A custom-made tweed burgundy suit that Lewis wore in the film is expected to fetch between $2,000 and $4,000.
Lewis, whose fundraising telethons became as famous as their hit movies, died Aug. 20.
The estate auction will take place June 22 at Planet Hollywood casino-resort.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
(Agencia CMA Latam) - Merval, the main index of the Buenos Aires Stock Exchange, closed the last round of the week with a sharp fall (-5.73%), at 32,652.97 points Friday, driven by the collapse of the Central Port stock, which lost 16.76% in the day. During the week, the stock market fell 7.04%.
Analysts noted that the fall of the Merval was because the placement of Central Port's debt on Wall Street was made less than what was quoted in the local market.
Central Puerto (-16.76%) reported a final price for its initial public offering (IPO) in the United States of $ 1.65 per share, or $ 16.50 per ADS (American Depositary Share).
The value is below the initial range reported by IFR, a service of Thomson Reuters, fixed between 17.50 and 21.50 dollars per ADS.
The Argentinean state-owned oil company YPF (-4.23%), in association with Petronas E&P Argentina (PEPASA), reported that it plans to move ahead with a project in the La Amarga Chica area, in the Province of Neuquén, in the Vaca Muerta field.
The locally traded U.S. dollar rises 0.61%, quoted at 19.50 Argentinean pesos, in a volatile day, rebounding from Thursday's low.
"The international climate helped to reverse the fall experienced by the dollar yesterday at the local level, stimulating the dollarization of portfolios," said Gustavo Quintana, an analyst at PR Corredores.
by Agencia CMA Latam
For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com
Economic News
What parts of the world are seeing the best (and worst) economic performances lately? Click here to check out our Econ Scorecard and find out! See up-to-the-moment rankings for the best and worst performers in GDP, unemployment rate, inflation and much more.
A Dundee post office has objected to an application by a newsagent for an alcohol licence — amid fears that it could impact on community safety.
Masterton Newsagents has applied to Dundee City Licensing Board for an off-sales licence.
But management at the Arklay Street Post Office branch, which is next door to the convenience store and tobacconist, has sent the board a letter of objection.
The letter said: “I am objecting to the above application made for the premises because we need to make a safer environment for the community around us.”
The matter will be considered at Thursday's meeting of the licensing board.
Janet Hood, the licensing expert hired by Masterton's owner Rao Imran Haider Saim, said they were aware of the objection.
They said: “Anyone is entitled to object.
“I will consider the application in full and make my recommendation.
“I can't say how strong it is as an application.
“That's for the licensing board to decide.”
Coldside councillor Jimmy Black said it was hard to object to the application when so many corner shops now sell alcohol.
They said: “I find it hard to oppose to the application as it would be unfair to all the small shopkeepers in the area.
“It's not fair to characterise everyone who drinks in a bad way — I don't think the application would bring the area down.
“But alcohol is too cheap — I'm a supporter of a minimum pricing on alcohol and that's the way I think we can tackle the problems surrounding drink.”
Masterton's Newsagents, which is at the junction of Arklay Street and Clepington Road, was robbed by two youths on January 20.
Shopkeper Hassan Majid, 34, told the Tele they feared they might never see their wife and children again after a robber grabbed them by the throat and threatened them with a screwdriver.
A till, cash and cigarettes were stolen.
It was a blow for the shop, which had only come under new ownership at the start of the year.
The licensing board may take the issue of over-provision of alcohol licences into account during its considerations.
Not able to commit to that diet? It may be your partner's fault, according to a new study.
The study was conducted by Weight Watchers, and it suggests that your boo can be your biggest ally or enemy in accomplishing your weight loss goals.
If a couple works at losing weight and getting fit together, you are more likely to succeed. This makes sense too, of course. It's hard to watch what you eat if the person you're with is constantly bringing junk food into the house.
Don't tell your partner about your diet - they may try and sabotage it! 43% #diet in SECRET https://t.co/DG5fRh5HWI #eatwhatyouwantday pic.twitter.com/YWY4AnKD4J — News By Design (@NewsbyDesignUK) May 11, 2017
In fact, just being around a partner can make for bad influences when you're trying to diet. There's something about watching your boo eat ice cream when you're not supposed to have any yourself that can really derail your diet.In extreme cases, a person will go to any length to try and derail your diet and exercise regimen as a way of controlling you. This isn't a healthy relationship and ultimately you need to rid yourself of this toxic force.But here's the good news. Even if your partner isn't on your weight loss train, they may be influenced by your diet. If they see a change in you, it may help them lose some weight too.
Plans to Sell 3Q Digital; Raises new $20 million revolving line of credit; Expands cost containment programs
SAN ANTONIO, TX--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Harte Hanks ( NYSE : HHS), a leader in customer relationships, experiences and interaction-led marketing announced initiatives to enhance the company's strategic position and increase its financial flexibility. The Company believes these initiatives will further focus the Company on its core business of providing data driven customer engagement marketing services to brands and give the Company the opportunity to invest in strategies that will strengthen that core.
As Harte Hanks builds out its partnership model, it has determined that it can leverage a partner model for digital marketing services as part of a client's data driven omni-channel marketing strategy and plans to sell its 3Q Digital subsidiary.
"We believe 3Q Digital is a highly attractive asset and its sale will unlock its maximum value for our stockholders. We intend to continue to partner with them in the same way we have with Wipro, Opera Solutions and Usermind, providing our clients with a best-in-class marketing ecosystem," stated Karen Puckett, Harte Hanks President and CEO. "We believe a focused partnership model will enhance operating leverage and provide a more robust, state-of-the-art marketing ecosystem and deliver more comprehensive solutions."
Harte Hanks has secured a two-year $20 million credit facility from Texas Capital Bank. The company intends to use the credit facility for working capital and general corporate purposes. The credit facility is being guaranteed by certain members of the Shelton family, descendants of one of the company's founders, who in aggregate own approximately five percent of the company's stock.
"We are pleased to work with Texas Capital Bank to put this facility in place to give Harte Hanks additional financial flexibility as we continue to transition our business and move toward growth," stated Robert Munden, CFO and General Counsel.
In addition, the Company has identified $10 million of annualized corporate and operational costs it will take out of the business to increase focus, simplify operations and provide additional liquidity.
"The added liquidity provided by the combination of the 3Q sale, the credit facility and cost reductions will give Harte Hanks the financial flexibility we need to make the strategic investments to accelerate our transition," Mr. Munden added. "These initiatives along with our recently announced Wipro, Opera Solutions and Usermind partnerships, position Harte Hanks as a leader in the marketing services and MarTech market."
About Harte Hanks:
Harte Hanks is a global marketing services firm specializing in multi-channel marketing solutions that connect our clients with their customers in powerful ways. Experts in defining, executing and optimizing the customer journey, Harte Hanks offers end-to-end marketing services including consulting, strategic assessment, data, analytics, digital, social, mobile, print, direct mail and contact center. From visionary thinking to tactical execution, Harte Hanks delivers smarter customer interactions for some of the world's leading brands. Harte Hanks' 5,000+ employees are located in North America, Asia-Pacific and Europe. For more information, visit Harte Hanks at www.hartehanks.com, call 800-456-9748, email us at pr@hartehanks.com. Follow us on Twitter @hartehanks or Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/HarteHanks.
As used herein, "Harte Hanks" refers to Harte Hanks, Inc. and/or its applicable operating subsidiaries, as the context may require. Harte Hanks' logo and name are trademarks of Harte Hanks.
Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements
Certain statements contained in this press release constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are predictions based on expectations and projections about future events, and are not statements of historical fact. You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "plan", "continue", "expect", "anticipate", "intend", "predict", "project", "estimate", "likely", "believe", "might", "seek", "may", "remain", "potential", "can", "should", "could", "future" and similar expressions, or the negative of those expressions. These forward-looking statements include the Company's beliefs or expectations relating to the ability to identify and close any strategic transaction, the impact of these initiatives on our liquidity, the ability to reduce costs and the expected timing of its earnings release. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors which may cause the actual results to be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include the impact of the announcement of the Company's consideration of divestitures, as well as any strategic transaction that is pursued, on our business, including our financial and operating results, and our employees, suppliers and commercial partners. All forward-looking statements are based on information available to the Company as of the date of this press release, and the Company assumes no obligation to update such statements.
MOSCOW — Racist and anti-gay chants have become more common in Russian soccer as the country prepares to host the World Cup, even as overall incidents of discrimination declined.
Nineteen incidents of abusive chants were recorded this season, according to an annual report from the anti-discrimination Fare Network and the Moscow-based Sova Center released Wednesday. That compares to two cases the season before, and 10 the year before that.
Victims included players from the French national team, who were targeted with monkey chants during a game against Russia in March, and Liverpool youth player Bobby Adekanye, who was racially abused by Spartak Moscow supporters.
Russian national team goalkeeper Guilherme Marinato, a naturalized citizen who was born in Brazil, was twice targeted by Spartak fans calling them a monkey.
In another case, a regional governor told local media that the club their administration funds in the city of Vladivostok would not sign any black players.
Last month, Nigeria defender Bryan Idowu, who was born and raised in Russia, told The Associated Press that some fans in the country viewed racist abuse as a tactic to distract opposing players, rather than as a statement of ideology.
“I think most of them do that to put pressure on a player psychologically, maybe so they don't want to keep playing,” they said. “It could just be because someone finds it funny.”
Overall, cases of discrimination in Russian soccer fell to 80, the lowest since the 2013-14 season, according to Fare.
Fare executive director Piara Powar said there is also a growing shift by far-right fan groups to racist chants because visual displays like banners are more easily tracked by surveillance cameras in stadiums.
“Some of their clubs have got their procedures in place for dealing with things that are very obvious, for bringing down banners,” Powar said. “That leaves people able or free to chant things and that's a far more difficult thing to police.”
There was a fall in the number of discriminatory banners and other visual displays, down from 75 to 52.
More blatant extremist symbols and racist slogans have largely disappeared from stadiums in recent years, often replaced with coded messages using Viking runes and other symbols with significance on the Russian far right.
In one notable case, Zenit St. Petersburg fans hailed convicted war criminal Ratko Mladic as a hero with a banner unfurled at a Europa League game in November. That attracted a fine and partial stadium closure order from UEFA, European soccer's governing body.
The Fare Network, which helps FIFA and UEFA investigate racism cases, is planning to open two “Diversity Houses” in Moscow and St. Petersburg during the World Cup, where issues of discrimination in sports will be discussed.
“It's a celebration of diversity,” Powar said. “It showcases the rise of ethnic-minority players across the continent and looks at the growth of women's football, looks as issues associated with Russian football.”
Fare is also issuing a guide to Russia for visiting fans and operating a helpline for fans from minority groups to report harassment or attacks.
The organization urges fans from minority groups to travel to the World Cup but recommends caution in unfamiliar surroundings and awareness of issues such as racial profiling by Russian police.
0:41 Crucial Presidents' Day weekend looms for Miami tourism industry Pause
2:04 Protesters, supporters clash at President Donald Trump protest in Tampa
1:19 Trump says they get along well with Japanese prime minister
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live
0:54 Cubans executed by Castro regime on display in the European Parliament
1:35 Mattingly talks about José Fernandez at spring training
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:42 Are you up for the Challenge?
Power outage—two words that keep or wake you up at night. Rather than tossing and turning or imagining disaster scenarios, prepare for power outages by assessing the risk in your power architecture and protecting critical systems to lessen the impact of short duration events. To ensure you are prepared to take action in the event of an outage, it's best to understand which systems are at most risk. For reference, we've created an example of a risk assessment grid using an average hospital environment.... More
TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - Feb. 15, 2017) - Torex Gold Resources Inc. (the "Company" or "Torex") (TSX:TXG) announced today that it will release its 2016 Year End financial and operating results early morning on Thursday, February 23, 2017, followed by a conference call hosted by senior management.
2016 Year End Results Conference Call and Webcast Date: Thursday, February 23, 2017 Time: 9:00 am (EST) Webcast access: A live audio webcast of the conference call will be available on the Company's website at http://www.torexgold.com/ Telephone access: Please call the numbers below approximately ten minutes prior to the scheduled start of the call. Toronto local or international 1 (416) 915-3239 Toll-Free (North America) 1 800-319-4610 Toll-Free (France) 0 800-900-351 Toll-Free (Switzerland) 0-800-802-457 Toll-Free (United Kingdom) 0 808-101-2791 The webcast will be archived on the Company's website.
Torex is an emerging intermediate gold producer based in Canada, engaged in the exploration, development and operation of its 100% owned Morelos Gold Property, an area of 29,000 hectares in the highly prospective Guerrero Gold Belt located 180 kilometers southwest of Mexico City. Within this property, Torex has the El Limón Guajes Mine, which announced commercial production in March of 2016 and the Media Luna Project, which is in an advanced stage of exploration, and for which the Company issued a preliminary economic assessment (PEA) in 2015. The property remains 75% unexplored.
First woman statue on Parliament Square
Less than 3% of statues in the UK are of women. Why has Millicent Fawcett now got one?
[Chapter 1] [Chapter 2] [Chapter 3] [Chapter 4] [Chapter 5] [Chapter 6] [Chapter 7] [Chapter 8] [Chapter 9] [Chapter 10] [Chapter 11] [Chapter 12][Chapter 13][Chapter 14][Chapter 15][Chapter 16][Chapter 17][Chapter 18][Chapter 19][Chapter 20]
A few years before I began my transition, I listened to feminization hypnosis while driving to work. It kept me sane during some of the darkest hours in life. During those brief therapeutic moments, I had become a woman. The hypno relieved my body dysmorphia and gender dysphoria. Fear drove me into emotional hibernation.
Fear was the driving factor for my reluctance to transition. Worrying about what other people would think, especially my family, forced me back into a safe place. A little cove in my mind where dreams lingered on for miles and realities were impossible to reach. I wasn't alone… Within this shelter, guilt, shame, embarrassment, and doubt kept me company.
Sometimes I would drink wine to lower my inhibitions enough to put on some lipstick, or even paint my nails just to turn around and take it off before I left the house. ? Those hypnotic tracks eventually helped me move forward towards ultimate happiness. But… Who is truly happy through and through?
There were many hypno MP3's available on the internet. Most of them were centered on ‘sissification.' This was a fancy way of saying the hypno would turn a man into a woman against their will. As if transgender people fetishize about such things. These are real issues and those types of files send the wrong messages to the outside world. I wanted to look like I felt, period. I found no pleasure inside of my depression.
After months of weeding out the crap, I found one audio file that called to my inner woman from the moment I listened to it. I don't even recall the keywords I used to search it out on Google. I loved it so much I bookmarked it and never thought about where I found it until now. Some thirty pages away from the original search terms, it waited for me to discover it.
What can I say? I was meticulous in my search for a positive message!
The file began with a countdown to induce relaxation, and release anxious, intrusive thoughts. It was so much more effective when I could enjoy it in my bed.
“Five. Breathe in and out, taking deep soothing breaths as you make yourself comfortable. Four. You're releasing your inhibitions, for they hold no merit here and should not be allowed in this safe environment we've created. Good, now you're feeling even more relaxed. Three. Your stress is leaving your mind. Feel it as it drifts out from your fingers and toes in a void, never to return again. It's gone and your whole body feels as if you're laying upon a cloud. Two. You are entering a safe place where your mind and subconscious can speak to each other freely and openly about how you feel. One. You walk down a set of stairs, they are covered with plush carpet in your favorite color. When you reach the bottom of the stairs, you turn and now find yourself in front of a mirror, completely relaxed and free.”
I loved that part. Just knowing I was in a safe place to be myself, even for only a few minutes was liberating. The MP3 continued,
“You gaze into the mirror and see yourself, finally, as you truly are — a beautiful, sensual, lovely woman. You are perfect in every way and you always were. What you see in the mirror is your subconscious mind's vision of you. You must be pleased to see her, at last. How exciting it must be to finally meet them  They are you and you are them Remember that.”
The reflection on the calm surface of the lake was the same person I saw in that mirror, the real me. Raquel. Beautiful…
“Think about how good it feels in this place allowing yourself to breathe freely and relax. Do you feel that warm sensation in your body? That is the wave of happiness splashing over your soul, cleansing the sadness out of your mind and heart. What do you see in the mirror? It is you, and you are as beautiful as ever because you see yourself, not the person others see. You are a star in your own galaxy. You are a woman and always were. I will begin to count up to five and you will awaken and feel more alive and happy than you ever have before.”
As they counted there was something important within their words, something relevant. I remember…
“One. You still see your reflection in the mirror and you smile at yourself feeling free and relaxed. Two. You can feel your subconscious mind and your body talk to each other aligning themselves with how you feel. They reach agreement and you're no longer afraid. Three. You feel a rush of energy enter your body and all the fear, anxiety, and disappointment disappear with it. Two. The positive energy rushes from your feet to your head and you feel tingling, elation over every square inch of your skin. One. You are awake. The energy bursts outward like a supernova and the light is shining inside of you wiping away the darkness and despair. You are the light. You have the light. Use it to shine your soul upon those who
may not understand, so they may see your true beauty. You are now who you were meant to be. Who are you?”
“I am Raquel,” I would always say afterwards.
Guug took their last step forward as their ankle gives in and they crash to the ground. They moan in agony, and my eyes gloss over as those red glowing eyes surround us. The wolves snarl and hiss as they creep towards us.
“You leave, girl. You must live,” Guug yells.
“No. I am Raquel,” I say. The strength has always been there I just didn't know how to channel it and perhaps I still don't but I'm not allowing those wolves to slaughter Guug. I will no longer run.
“Goooooooo!”
“No! I'll think of something. I hope.” My hands shake and I have trouble believing there is anything I can do short of throwing my body in front of Guug so I don't have to watch them die. Then they get to watch me die? That makes no sense,
Raquel!
“Come on, bastards! Let's do this!” I howl at the wolves, ready for the fight of my life.
To be continued…
Moved to make a comment? Login here and use the comment area below.
Category: Fiction, Fun & Entertainment
Money in the Bank, one of the most beloved PPV events in all wrestling, is only a few weeks away. The ninth event under the MITB banner is set to feature an impressive list of noteworthy matches, including Ronda Rousey's singles debut, both the male and female ladder matches, and the latest round in the Shinsuke Nakamura vs. AJ Styles rivalry.
That said, there are still some empty slots on the card that need to be filled, namely the title slot left by Brock Lesnar, who will not be defending their Universal Championship at Money in the Bank. This leaves the United States Championship, the Intercontinental Championship, and the RAW Tag Team Championships, one of which will likely be announced on the remaining episodes of Monday Night RAW or SmackDown Live in June.
Here's the official date, location and Kickoff/main show start times for WWE Money in the Bank 2018.
Date
WWE Money in the Bank 2018 will air on the WWE Network and PPV on Sunday, June 17.
Location
WWE Money in the Bank 2018 will take place from inside the Allstate Arena in Chicago, Illinois.
Kickoff Show Start Time
In previous years, the Kickoff Show for WWE Money in the Bank began at 7 P.M. EST/4 P.M. PST. With the recent changes made by WWE, however (more info below), the time appears to have been changed. According to Coed, the Kickoff Show will start at 6 P.M. EST/3 P.M. PST. You can watch it on the WWE Network, WWE.com, YouTube or the official WWE App, which you can download from the Apple Store.
You'll be able to access the WWE Network through the following devices/websites:
– PS3 or PS4
– Xbox 360 or Xbox One
– Sony Internet-connected TVs
– Samsung Smart TVs
– Panasonic Life+Screen Smart TVs
– Kindle Fire or Amazon Fire TV
– Apple TV
– Roku
– iOS enabled devices
– Android enabled devices
– WWE.com
Main Show Start Time
The main airing of WWE Money in the Bank 2018 will begin at 7 P.M. EST/4 P.M. PST. Given that it is a WWE Network special event, it will also air on PPV. You'll be able to view it through the same means listed above for the Kickoff Show.
In previous years, Money in the Bank has started at 8 P.M. EST, but a recent deal between WWE and their international distribution partners have made it so that all PPV start times have been moved up by an hour. Wrestling Observer also reports that WWE has plans to lengthen the runtime of PPV events by one hour, starting with the upcoming Money in the Bank. This means that Money in the Bank will air between 7 P.M. EST and 11 P.M. EST/8 P.M. PST.
You'll be able to watch WWE Money in the Bank 2018 on PPV through the following cable providers:
– BrightHouse Networks
– Cable One
– Optimum (Channel 550 for HD or Channel 551 for SD)
– Charter
– Comcast (Xfinity)
– Cox Communications
– Knology
– Mediacom
– RCN
– Suddenlink
– Time Warner Cable
– Verizon FIOS TV (Channel 1000 for SD or Channel 1001 for HD)
Up And Coming International Vacation SpotsThings change fast in the international world of travel. From time to time, there are fairly untouched gems, like Mozambique 15 years ago or Cuba 10 years ago. For very different reasons, Germany, Argentina, the Philippines, and Madagascar are destinations to consider or re-consider for your up-and-coming vacation bucket list.
Wander Minnesota: The Science of PixarThe Science of Pixar at the Science Museum of Minnesota will thrill fans (of all ages) of the legendary animation studio.
Top 5 Vacations For People Who Don't Like Big CitiesGet away from big city life by taking your vacation in five of the best small towns in America
America's 5 Best Rivers For Fly FishingAn introduction to five of America's best fly fishing rivers
Microsoft first revealed its concerns over Chromebooks in an attack on Google's laptops more than three years ago. While Chromebooks haven't become best-sellers for consumers just yet, they have started to become popular with students in the US and slowly with some businesses. Microsoft is now revealing it's worried about this threat with two new videos on its Windows YouTube channel today.
View Full Article
Your guide to all the locations you see on screen, from Bodmin Moor to Gwennap Head
Poldark wouldn't be Poldark without its glistening blue waters, its craggy cliffs and its sweeping expanses of romantic Cornish countryside.
Advertisement
The BBC drama takes us right back to the turbulent years of the late 18th century, with Cornwall as the timeless backdrop to plenty of topless bathing and horseback riding. In series four, the show also takes us to London as Ross Poldark (Aidan Turner) goes to Westminster.
But where exactly are all the different filming locations in Cornwall – and beyond?
Here's what you need to know:
Where are the Westminster scenes in Poldark filmed?
The Westminster area of London was recreated with the help of Greenwich Naval College, which you'll have almost certainly seen on screen before: it has been used as a filming location for Four Weddings and a Funeral, The Mummy Returns, The Avengers, Lara Croft Tomb Raider, Pirates of the Caribbean, Les Miserables, and Thor: The Dark World.
But the actual House of Commons scenes were filmed in a studio in Bristol.
Where do they film the Hyde Park scenes?
We see some of London's Hyde Park in series four, but it's not actually Hyde Park. Instead, producers used the grounds of Bowood House, a Georgian country house in Wiltshire with an extensive park and garden.
Where is Ross Poldark's London lodgings?
Ross Poldark's lodgings in London may look pretty legit, but the exterior was actually filmed in Bristol – in St Nicholas Market.
Where is the gambling and dining club in London?
The London gambling and dining club was filmed at Kings Weston House, a grand historic building in Bristol.
Where is Ross Poldark's cottage at Nampara filmed?
Scenes featuring the exterior of Ross Poldark's rustic Nampara cottage are shot on Bodmin Moor, along with many other horseback scenes. The actual building that stands in for their cottage is located near St Breward.
Bodmin Moor is also the site of the miners' cottages, and is home to Dr Dwight Enys's original cottage and Poldark Way.
Where are the Nampara Valley scenes filmed?
The fictional Nampara Valley, part of the Poldark family estate, is filmed using St Agnes Head. Here, old engine houses perched on the cliff edge give a sense of the scale of Cornwall's mining heyday.
Naturally, the area has also been used for those classic horse-riding scenes.
Where is Trenwith mansion filmed?
At the grander end of the scale is the Poldarks' ancestral home at Trenwith where George and Elizabeth now live with Geoffrey Charles and Valentine.
Producers opted to use Chavenage House in Tetbury, Wiltshire, for both exteriors and interiors. The Elizabethan mansion is now the family home of David Lowsley-Williams, but all signs of modern living (light switches, cables, radiators…) had to be covered up; gravel was removed from the driveway and the wallpaper and curtains were switched out.
Where are Poldark's Truro and Falmouth scenes filmed?
Producers have made good use of Charlestown, near St Austell. It stands in for Poldark's version of Truro, and – with its tall ships and old-fashioned appearance – plays the role of Falmouth.
Where are Poldark's mining scenes filmed?
The TV series shines a a light on Cornwall's mining heritage with Ross's mine Wheal Grace.
These scenes are filmed at the National Trust's Botallack mine, part of the Cornish Mining World Heritage Site. The engine houses, situated between the town of St Just in Penwith and the village of Pendeen, were built in the mid-1800s at the height of the Cornish mining boom.
Also featured on the show is Levant Mine and Beam Engine. This National Trust owned mine is well preserved and restored, and houses the only existing working steam beam engine (as featured in series two when Ross and Francis debate the merits of the machine's inventor, engineer Richard Trevithick).
Levant appears on screen as Tressiders Rolling Mill, where the copper from the Poldark mine goes to be processed. The roofs of the ruined engine-houses were recreated digitally with the help of the visual effects team.
Where is Poldark's beach and cove scenes filmed?
It seems Aidan Turner's Ross Poldark is particularly fond of clifftops and beaches. That's pretty understandable when you consider Cornwall's gorgeous seaside locations.
With a huge expanse of golden sand and grass tufted dunes, Holywell Bay has made several appearances – with encounters between Ross, Demelza and George Warleggan, and horseback races between Dwight and Caroline. You may also have stopped its iconic twin-peaked Gull Rock, which sits just off shore.
Also featuring heavily is Porthcurno, which stands in for Nampara Cove. Here, producers found a beach with soft white sand, turquoise water and high cliffs on both sides.
You may remember Porthgwarra from that classic scene when Ross took a swim in the crystal clear water – while Demelza spies from the cliff tops. A peaceful spot with plenty of wildflowers and birdlife, Porthgwarra is at the heart of the St Aubyn Estates and is also home to the tunnel where Ross stored their boat.
The team also took a trip to Kynance Cove, which is one of Cornwall's most famous beaches and proves great aerial shots and clifftop riding scenes.
Where are Poldark's clifftop scenes filmed?
Talking of clifftops: nearby to Porthgwarra is Gwennap Head, a headland with panoramic vistas across the Penwith peninsula. This is the scene for many a romantic horseback ride.
Advertisement
Producers also made use of the windswept headland at Predannack Wollas, the cliff tops at Park Head near Porthcothan, and Levlizzick in North Corwall.
A total of 41 area seniors will be on the floor Sunday when the fourth annual Blanchard Valley Conference/Putnam County League All-Star Basketball games take place at the University of Findlay's Croy Gymnasium. The girls game will begin at 5 p.m. with the boys game set for 15 minutes after the…
It might seem bizarre to say that an administration only 23 days old needed a fresh start, but look: If Adele can stop 45 seconds into a live performance at the Grammys and begin again, so too can Donald Trump. The departure of Michael Flynn from the White House could be Trump's Adele moment.
The chaos and infighting and unforced errors at 1600 Penn that have left everyone dizzied may be viewed as rookie mistakes to be overcome by on-the-job training. So it was for Bill Clinton's White House, which also began horribly in 1993 — and needed a whole bunch of departures and reassignments to steady itself, not just a single change.
But what happened with Flynn also represents a frightening portent.
Leftists have become fond of saying that Trump shouldn't be “normalized.” That concern should now go both ways. Every American should be equally concerned at the potential “normalization” of the tactics used by unnamed government officials to do Flynn in.
To be sure, Flynn's ouster after three weeks is proof positive they should never have been given the national-security-adviser job in the first place. Flynn's deceits about their conversations with a Russian official cannot be viewed in isolation from the overly close relationship with the Russian government they forged following their firing by the Obama administration in 2013.
Still, unelected bureaucrats with access to career-destroying materials clearly made the decision that what Flynn did or who Flynn was merited their intervention — and took their concerns to the press.
In one sense, the larger system of American checks and balances worked: The Trump White House couldn't ignore the Flynn problems because they went public. On the other hand, the officials who made the problems public did so using raw information that was in their possession for reasons we don't yet know and may not have any right whatsoever to know.
This information might have come because the US intelligence community has an active interest in the Russian official to whom they talked.
Or it could have come because the FBI had been pursuing some sort of secret investigation and had received authorization to monitor and track their calls and discussions.
If this was intelligence, the revelation of the Flynn meeting just revealed something to the Russians we shouldn't want revealed — which is that we were listening in on them and doing so effectively.
And if it was an FBI investigation, then the iron principle of law enforcement — that evidence gathered in the course of an investigation must be kept secret to protect the rights of the American being investigated — was just put through a shredder.
Keeping our intelligence-gathering assets hidden from those upon whom we are spying is a key element of our national security.
And as for playing fast and loose with confidential information on American citizens: No joke, people — if they can do it to Mike Flynn, they can do it to you.
This is the ultimate Pandora's box. It makes a public mockery of the presumption of innocence that is the hallmark of our legal system. Such a thing is only acceptable, even morally, if you believe that the Trump White House represents such an unprecedented threat to everything that a higher law must govern your actions.
It would be pretty to think so, but we also know that Flynn had an antagonistic relationship with America's intelligence agencies. If these leaks came about not out of high principle but because officials at those agencies were taking out a potential adversary, that is nothing more or less than a monstrous abuse of power.
And that's true even if Flynn is guilty of something. But we can't know if he's guilty of something unless he's charged with a crime and tried in the courts. That's how law works.
If those who fear Trump embrace antinomianism because they think he's going to destroy our democracy, they should stop and consider whether their zeal to stop them might be blinding them to a different threat from the federal government that will erode our rights as citizens.
'It was a special night for every England fan - we're not ready to come home yet'
Former Nevada Sen. Harry Reid is recovering after undergoing surgery Monday to remove a cancerous tumor from their pancreas.
The 78-year-old Reid will undergo chemotherapy.
Reid's family says they are in good spirits and resting with their family. They say doctors caught the tumor early during a routine screening and their prognosis is good.
The former Senate Democratic leader declined to seek re-election in 2016 after more than three decades in Congress. They suffered an accident in 2015 that left them blind in one eye.
Nevada's longest-serving senator helped propel the passage of President Barack Obama's signature health care law, blocked the development of a nuclear waste dump in Nevada and built a well-organized Democratic machine in the state.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
LAS VEGAS — Floyd Mayweather Jr. will come out of retirement to meet UFC star Conor McGregor in an Aug. 26 boxing match that will feature two of the top-selling fighters in the world.
The two fighters both announced the fight Wednesday, after months of speculation about whether Mayweather would be lured back to the ring at the age of 40 to face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never had a pro boxing fight.
Oddsmakers immediately made Mayweather a big 11-1 favorite in a fight that will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules. It will take place at 154 pounds.
“It's official,” Mayweather said on Instagram next to a video poster of both fighters.
“THE FIGHT IS ON,” McGregor tweeted several minutes earlier, posting a picture of themselves next to one of Mayweather's father, Floyd Sr., a less than subtle jab at their 40-year-old opponent's age.
THE FIGHT IS ON. pic.twitter.com/KhW0u3jRft — Conor McGregor (@TheNotoriousMMA) June 14, 2017
Mayweather, who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of their pro fights, will face the Irish UFC superstar at the T-Mobile arena on the Las Vegas Strip. They had tweeted a picture of themselves sparring in recent days to show they were already getting ready for the bout.
“This is really an unprecedented event,” said Stephen Espinoza, who heads Showtime Sports, which will handle the pay-per-view. “Really we haven't seen anything in modern history that resembles it, it's impossible to predict how many sales this will do.”
Espinoza said the fight came together quickly after McGregor and the UFC reached agreement last month on their end of the deal and Mayweather's team pushed for the fight in recent days.
“All parties were motivated and reasonable and thrilled we could get everything done,” they said. “The sky's the limit on this.”
McGregor, the wildly popular UFC star, is 21-3 in UFC fights, and is coming off a win in November against Eddie Alvarez in which they became the promotion's first two-division champion. Though they haven't boxed professionally, McGregor did box while growing up and is known for their striking expertise in UFC.
“The impossible deal is now happening,” UFC chief Dana White said on ESPN.
The two fighters are expected to do a press tour shortly before going into final training for the fight. The cost of tickets and the price of the pay-per-view has not been decided, though the pay-per-view is expected to be at or near the $99.95 charged for Mayweather's 2015 fight with Manny Pacquiao that drew a record 4.4 million pay-per-view buys.
Mayweather will come off a two-year retirement in a bout that McGregor has been pushing for nearly that long. It finally came together and Nevada boxing officials on Wednesday approved the date for a Mayweather Promotions bout.
Mayweather last fought in September 2015, beating Andre Berto and then announcing their retirement. Their fight before that, a decision win over Pacquiao, was the richest in boxing history and reportedly made them more than $200 million.
Though oddsmakers make Mayweather a big favorite, the thought of the fight has excited many in the MMA world. It has also intrigued some in boxing, though most dismiss McGregor's chances under boxing rules against one of the greatest defensive fighters in history.
Oddsmaker Nick Bogdanovich, who set the 11-1 line at the William Hill chain of sports books, said the odds would be even more lopsided if it wasn't for the deluge of small bets expected to come in from UFC fans on their fighter.
“Realistically if we were just putting up a number and didn't have to take bets on it, Floyd would be 100-1,” Bogdanovich said. “But this will be a very, very big betting fight for sure, one of the biggest ever.”
Adding to McGregor's challenge, the fighters will be using 10-ounce boxing gloves instead of the smaller UFC gloves and they will not be allowed to use the leg kicks or takedowns that are used in mixed martial arts.
They will fight at 154 lbs., White told ESPN.
Even if the actual bout may not shape up as a great matchup, the run-up to the fight will. Both fighters are noted for their ability to sell their fights, and both have exchanged in trash talking and more to promote their bouts.
“As with every Mayweather and McGregor fight part of the appeal is the spectacle and outsize personalities who are participating in it,” Espinoza said.
The pay-per-view revenue for the event would likely gross tens of millions of dollars. It comes less than a month before Gennady Golovkin and Canelo Alvarez meet in a highly anticipated fight Sept. 16 that could rival it for pay-per-view buys.
By JOHN ZENOR
AP Sports Writer
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) - Inbee Park's 12th U.S. Women's Open already stands out for a gloomy reason: the rain-soaked course at Shoal Creek.
The picturesque course in suburban Birmingham had been drenched by nearly five inches of rain this week as of Wednesday afternoon, with the effects of Subtropical Storm Alberto adding onto earlier rains.
"This is probably the wettest conditions I have ever seen in a U.S. Women's Open," said Park, a Korean who won in 2008 and 2013. "We just don't know what's going to happen.
"Coming into the U.S. Women's Open, I always try to play the ball with the mud or try to play with like a wet ground condition because we've never played lift, clean and place. We just play from wherever it is and however the condition is."
Practice rounds were canceled Tuesday and the course closed, other than some late-afternoon trips to the driving range. More rain followed overnight and into Wednesday on the eve of the major championship , when the course finally reopened by early afternoon in time for some of the 156 players to get in practice.
The field will be cut to the low 60 scorers and ties after two rounds.
John Bodenhamer, USGA's senior managing director, said officials didn't plan to use lift, clean and place for the first time in one of the organization's championships.
"It remains our intention to play 72 holes and play the ball as it lies," Bodenhamer said Wednesday.
The LPGA Tour's Kingsmill Championship two weeks ago was shortened to 54 holes because of rain. The field, which includes 10 past Open champions, arrived in Alabama hoping to avoid a similar fate.
Pernilla Lindberg won the year's first major at the ANA Inspiration, the 11th consecutive women's major with a different winner.
The LPGA Tour has not had a multiple winner through 13 tournaments this season.
Korean Sung Hyun Park won last year at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey, by two strokes over amateur Hye-Jin Choi.
Some players, including Inbee Park, Karrie Webb and No. 3-ranked Lexi Thompson, got a full 18 holes on Monday.
Thompson said some parts of fairways were "a little muddy and a little patchy." After that experience, they were hoping to play under lift, clean and place rules.
"I think it will be a little unfair if they don't, but you never know," they said. "I mean if they don't, everybody has to play it down and it is what it is, but it's their choice. The rain has not helped that situation, so I guess come Thursday we'll see, though."
This will be the third USGA championship at Shoal Creek but the first Women's Open. Buddy Alexander won the 1986 U.S. Amateur and Cameron Peck won the 2008 U.S. Junior.
Shoal Creek also hosted the PGA Championship in 1984 and 1990, when the club drew criticism for not having black members. That led the PGA Tour to change its policy on going to courses that didn't allow minority members.
The Regions Tradition, a PGA Tour Champions major, was held at Shoal Creek from 2011-2015.
This time the primary concern is the weather and course conditions.
Webb, who won back-to-back championships in 2000 and 2001, is playing in their 23rd consecutive Women's Open. They got a special exemption from the USGA.
"It'll be the softest U.S. Open course I've played," Webb said.
The conditions could potentially help long hitters like Thompson and Sung Hyun Park. But distance, of course, isn't the only important factor.
"I think it could set up for anyone that's just hitting lots of fairways and greens," Webb said.
Some players were fine with the unscheduled downtime of canceled practice rounds. Two-time U.S. Women's Amateur champion Danielle Kang played only the back nine on Monday and their scheduled practice round for Wednesday was pushed back too late to get it in, barring an earlier slot opening.
A friend, PGA Tour player and Birmingham native Trey Mullinax, gave them a rundown of the course over the phone.
Otherwise, Kang took advantage of the free time by seeing the movie "Solo," then sleeping until 10 a.m. Wednesday, enjoying brunch and not sweating the minimal practice time at Shoal Creek.
"I feel more prepared than ever," Kang said. "That's why I think I'm so kind of relaxed about it."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
SAN JOSE, Costa Rica — The Costa Rica soccer federation says national team coach Oscar Ramirez is out after the team's disappointing performance at the World Cup.
Federation president Rodolfo Villalobos said Wednesday that Ramirez's contract has run out and won't be renewed. Costa Rica compiled a record of 9 wins, 6 ties and 4 defeats in 16 qualifying and three World Cups matches under Ramirez.
Villalobos thanked the coach but said that “it is not convenient for them to remain.” They did not name a potential replacement, but said the federation is looking at a long list of candidates.
Costa Rica was the surprise of the 2014 World Cup in Brazil, reaching the quarterfinals. But the team was knocked out in the group stage in Russia, losing to Brazil and Serbia and tying Switzerland.
Best Fish Sandwiches In MinnesotaA breaded, deep fried rectangular patty made from white meat fish such as cod or pollock, the fish sandwich, or fishwich, came into its own as a burger when introduced at McDonald's in 1962. Since then, the fish sandwich has become a lunch and dinner favorite. If you favor the local catch, try a walleye fish sandwich.
Image: Pixabay
After coming under fire for promoting fake news, conspiracy theories, and misinformation around events like the Parkland school shooting, YouTube says it will take a number of steps to fix the problem. But the Google-owned video platform still seems to be trying to have its cake and eat it too when it comes to being a media entity.
This week at the South by Southwest conference in Texas, YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki said that the site plans to show users links to related articles on Wikipedia when they search for topics known to involve conspiracy theories or hoaxes, such as the moon landing or the belief that the earth is flat.
Given the speed with which information moves during a breaking news event, this might not be a great solution for situations like the Parkland shooting, since Wikipedia edits often take awhile to show up. It's also not clear whether this will have any impact on users' propensity to believe the fake content that they see on YouTube.
In addition to those concerns, Wikimedia (which runs Wikipedia) said no one from Google notified the organization of YouTube's plan. And some who work on the crowdsourced encyclopedia have expressed concern that the giant web company—which has annual revenues in the $100 billion range—is taking advantage of a non-profit resource, instead of devoting its own financial resources to the problem.
ICYMI: Paul Ford on the intersection of blockchain and journalism (podcast)
At SXSW, Wojcicki said, “If there's an important news event, we want to be delivering the right information,” but then quickly added that YouTube is “not a news organization.” In other words, Google wants to benefit from being a popular source for news without having to assume the responsibilities that come with being a media entity.
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
This sounds a lot like the argument that Facebook has made when criticized for spreading fake news and misinformation—namely, that it is merely a platform, not a media outlet, and that it doesn't want to become “an arbiter of truth.”
Until recently, Facebook was taking most of the heat on fake news, thanks to revelations about how Russian trolls used the network in an attempt to influence the 2016 election. At Congressional hearings into the problem in November, where representatives from Facebook, Google, and Twitter were asked to account for their actions, Facebook took the brunt of the questions, followed closely by Twitter.
At the hearing, Google argued that it's not a social network in the same sense as Facebook and Twitter, and therefore doesn't play as big a role in spreading fake news. But this was more than a little disingenuous, since it has become increasingly obvious that YouTube—which relies on social sharing in much the same way Facebook does—has played and continues to play a significant role in spreading misinformation.
Following the mass shooting in Las Vegas last October, fake news about the gunman showed up at the top of YouTube searches about the incident, and after the Parkland shooting, YouTube highlighted conspiracy theories in search results and recommended videos. At one point, eight out of the top 10 results for a search on the name of one of the students either promoted or talked about the idea that they were a so-called “crisis actor.”
After this was pointed out by journalists and others on Twitter, the videos started disappearing one by one, and by the following day, there were no conspiracy theories in the top 10 search results. But in the meantime, each of those videos got thousands or tens of thousands of views.
Public or media outrage seems to have pushed Google to take action in the most recent cases. But controversial content on YouTube has also become a hot-button issue inside the company, in part because advertisers have raised a stink about it, and that kind of behavior has a very real impact on Google's bottom line.
Google has argued it doesn't play as big a role in spreading fake news as Facebook or Twitter. This is more than a little disingenuous.
Last year, for example, dozens of major-league advertisers—including L'Oréal, McDonald's, and Audi—either pulled or threatened to pull ads from YouTube because they were appearing beside videos posted by Islamic extremists and white supremacists. Google quickly apologized and promised to update its policies to prevent this from happening.
The Congressional hearings into Russian activity also seem to have sparked some changes. Both the Senate and House of Representatives hearings scrutinized the fact that Russia Today—a news organization with close links to the Russian government—was a major user of YouTube.
Google has since responded by adding warning labels to Russia Today and other state broadcasters to note that they are funded by governments. This move has not come without controversy, however: PBS complained that it got a warning label, even though it is funded primarily by donations and only secondarily by government grants.
As well-meaning as they might be, warning labels and Wikipedia links aren't likely to solve YouTube's misinformation problem, because it's built into the structure of the platform, as it is with Facebook and the News Feed. Social networks have an economic interest in fuelling this process, in part because it keeps users on the platform.
In a broad sense, fake news is driven by human nature. Conspiracy theories tend to be much more interesting than the truth, hinting at the secrets of a select few. On social networks, recommendation algorithms effectively turn this desire into a kind of vicious circle.
On YouTube, for example, the algorithm tracks people clicking and watching conspiracy theory videos, sees that the content is popular, and moves those videos higher in the recommended rankings. That in turn shows the video to more people, which makes them look even more popular, and so on.
The result is that users are pushed toward more and more controversial or polarizing content, regardless of the topic, as sociologist Zeynep Tufekci described in a recent New York Times essay. The platform, they say, has become “an engine for radicalization”:
In effect, YouTube has created a restaurant that serves us increasingly sugary, fatty foods, loading up our plates as soon as we are finished with the last meal. Over time, our tastes adjust, and we seek even more sugary, fatty foods, which the restaurant dutifully provides. When confronted about this by the health department and concerned citizens, the restaurant managers reply that they are merely serving us what we want.
When Guillaume Chaslot, a programmer who worked at Google for three years, noticed this phenomenon while working on the YouTube recommendation algorithm, they were told that what mattered was that people spent a lot of time watching videos, not what kind of videos they were watching.
Former YouTube Head of Product Hunter Walk said on Twitter recently that at one point they proposed bringing in news articles from Google News or even tweets to run alongside and possibly counter fake news or conspiracy theories, rather than taking them down, but that proposal was never implemented—in part because Google executives made it clear that, at the time, growing Google+ was a more important goal than fixing YouTube.
In addition to adding Wikipedia links, Google has also promised to beef up the number of moderators who check flagged content, and has created what it calls an “Intelligence Desk” to find offensive content much faster. And it plans to tweak its algorithms to show more “authoritative content” around news events. One problem, however, is it's not clear how the company plans to define “authoritative.”
The definition of what's acceptable also seems to be in flux even inside the company. YouTube recently said it had no plans to remove a channel called Atomwaffen, which posts neo-Nazi content and racist videos, and that the company believed adding a warning label “strikes a good balance between allowing free expression and limiting affected videos' ability to be widely promoted on YouTube.”
After this decision was widely criticized, the site removed the channel. But similar neo-Nazi content reportedly still remains available on other channels. There have been reports that videos from Infowars, the channel run by alt-right commentator Alex Jones, have been removed, and that the channel may be shut down completely, although YouTube denies this. At the same time, other controversial channels have been reinstated after YouTube said that they were removed in error by moderators.
Facebook and YouTube both say they want to be a central conduit for news and information, but they also say they don't want to be arbiters of truth. And their proposed solutions to the fake news problem have been lackluster and half-hearted at best. How long can they continue to have it both ways?
ICYMI: Facebook admits connecting the world isn't always a good thing
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Mathew Ingram is CJR's chief digital writer. Previously, they were a senior writer with Fortune magazine. They have written about the intersection between media and technology since the earliest days of the commercial internet. Their writing has been published in The Washington Post and the Financial Times as well as Reuters and Bloomberg.
But leaders Jaguars still unbeaten By Sean Devers When Guyana Jaguars began the action packed final day on 104-4 with 61 required for their fifth victory for the season and with Vishaul Singh, one of...
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MONROE TOWNSHIP, Pa. -- A dog that served our country in Iraq for most of their life now gets to retire with their owner.
Troy Sutton of Lumberton, North Carolina, has been in Iraq off and on since 2011 with their Dutch shepherd Ali. The two were nearly inseparable for about five years while they worked together in Iraq as an explosive detection team.
But when Ali was forced to retire in December due to old age, Sutton was worried they would never see each other again. That's until a dog rescue in Herndon stepped in.
"He was my life over there because they took care of me," Sutton told WNEP.
Sutton lives near Wilmington, North Carolina, and served in the United States Army for 24 years. They work for American K-9 Detection Services and works with dogs to sniff out bombs in Iraq.
"He was very good at it, too," said Sutton. "I trusted them and I think everyone else trusted him, too."
Ali spent most of their life sniffing out bombs and protecting our troops. They reached the age limit of the program in December and needed a place to live until Sutton came home.
"He fit right in. I have three kids, not a problem, like he's been there their whole life," said Bobbie Jo Donovan.
Donovan helped the four-legged veteran transition into retirement.
This was all made possible thanks to K-9 Hero Haven, which is an organization based in Herndon.
K-9 Hero Haven serves military, veterans, and first responders by providing working dogs with a home for retirement. The group also helps transition dogs like Ali into retirement life.
"We started bringing in different dogs to give them a place to go. Sometimes they were medical dogs or dogs with behavior issues, difficult dogs that had a hard time finding a place to go," explained Anne Gibbs.
Sutton is grateful for K-9 Hero Haven's president Anne Gibbs.
"If it wasn't for them and Bobbie Jo, I wouldn't get to see them again," they said.
"These dogs served. They're soldiers, too. They deserve to have a good retirement. It feels good when you're giving that. Otherwise, we don't know where they would end up," Donovan said.
After more than five years sniffing out explosive devices in Iraq, Ali will return home to North Carolina. Sutton says the only thing on the agenda is to enjoy the retired life and relax.
Someone Singing Drake While Getting Made Up As Game Of Thrones' Night King's The Greatest Video Ever
Just Lilly Singh Syncing Drake As Game Of Thrones' Night King... Obviously. 00:59
'Game of Thrones' just got FABULOUS.
'Game of Thrones' is a fantasy-drama, filled with cliff-hangers, brutality and tension. Now, it's also got some fabulous musical numbers, which we're so totally on board with.
Okay, don't expect Jon Snow to be singing Dreamgirls' 'And I Am Telling You I'm Not Going' anytime soon, but thanks to Canadian YouTuber, Lilly Singh, you can expect an appearance from Drake.
> Fans Reckon They Saw Catelyn Stark's Ghost In The Latest Episode Of Game Of Thrones & TBH, It Makes Total Sense She'd Be There
Pic: PA Images
Before one of their parody videos, Lilly was made-up to look like the Night King from HBO's drama, and as we've all heard, these make-up sessions can take hours to do...
Which is why they kept themselves amused by lip-syncing to Drake's 'Passionfruit' throughout the session, and seeing the villain from the show rap to a Vodafone Big Top 40 entry is just surreal. But so, so, so right.
> Brace Yourself - An Incredible App Is Coming! Download Our App For All The Latest 'GoT' News
Lilly Singh isn't the only one who can sing 'Game of Thrones' like a boss. Ain't that right, Little Mix?
The Diamondbacks are paying for their coach's Apple Watch, just like the Red Sox did last month.
MLB announced Friday it was fining the Diamondbacks and coach Ariel Prieto each for Prieto's decision to wear the electronic device in the dugout during Wednesday night's win over the Rockies in the NL wild-card game.
An investigation into Prieto's fashion choice revealed no illegal actions, such as stealing signs, during the game in Phoenix, but MLB has a rule against wearing such devices in the dugout and handed down punishment accordingly. On Thursday, Prieto called wearing the watch on game night a “simple oversight and honest mistake.”
“MLB forensically examined Mr. Prieto's Apple Watch and their cell phone and interviewed Mr. Prieto,” the league said in a statement. “MLB found no evidence that Mr. Prieto used the Apple Watch or cell phone for any purpose in the dugout, nor any baseball-related communication on either device, during Wednesday's game.
“Despite these findings, Mr. Prieto violated MLB's on-field regulation by having this device in the dugout. As a result, Mr. Prieto and the D-backs have each been fined an undisclosed amount.”
Commissioner Rob Manfred plans to take the Diamondbacks' money and donate it to hurricane relief efforts in Puerto Rico, MLB added in the statement.
The Red Sox ignited the discussion around the use of high-tech devices when the Yankees believed they caught them using a coach's Apple Watch to steal signs during a game in August. Boston admitted to the violation and was fined an undisclosed amount.
At the time, Manfred warned teams that any future offense of this type would be met with harsher sanctions.
You know who probably won't be watching Sunday's Super Bowl? The three brainiacs who competed on Thursday's episode of Jeopardy and proved they literally do not know a thing about football.
The contestants went 0-for-5 in the first-round category “Talkin' Football,” with none of them having any idea what a fair catch, offsetting or an option play is, or which NFL franchise perfected the shotgun formation. (It was the Dallas Cowboys.) Host Alex Trebek had fun trolling the non-jocks, remarking before the category's final clue was revealed, “If you guys ring and get this one, I will die.”
If you've ever been to a rock concert it's likely you've thrown up the horns hand gesture.
Now Gene Simmons wants to own that.
According to The Wrap, the KISS frontman applied to trademark the gesture that's symbolic of rock concerts for decades. Filed June 9, the application described a “hand gesture with the index and small fingers extended upward and the thumb extended perpendicular.”
The Hollywood Reporter noted Simmons said in the application that the gesture was first used on Nov. 14, 1974 as part of KISS' Hotter Than Hell tour.
Simmons claims the gesture is being trademarked for “entertainment, namely, live performances by a musical artist; personal appearances by a musical artist.”
The specific hand gesture has different meanings. Besides being the symbolism for devil horns or “rock on” in music culture, the gesture is also sign language for “I love you.”
It's not the first time someone has tried to lay claim to a hand gesture. The Hollywood Reporter noted former professional wrestler Diamond Dallas Page had sued hip hop artist Jay-Z over their “Roc-A-Fella” diamond hand gesture, which Page claimed infringed on their similar “Diamond Cutter” gesture.
Fast-driving fugitive faces jail time -- if they ever returns to the US The speed demon convicted of driving around Manhattan in record time will have to spend a year in jail — but that's only if they ever steps foot in the...
'Afroducking' the law: deadly excuses for endangering others Afroduck turned chicken: Adam Tang, who used that pseudonym after recording themselves looping Manhattan in record time 15 months ago, jumped bail rather than face a jury for theirs crime....
Speed demon to NYPD: Catch me, if you can The speed demon who was busted after a reckless race around Manhattan and went on the lam to Canada thumbed their nose at New York authorities Friday — telling them...
No-show speed demon convicted for race around Manhattan Jurors convicted a fugitive Canadian speed demon in no-time flat ​Thursday — finding the race-around​-Manhattan fool guilty on all charges for their wild ride last year. The Manhattan panel took...
Accused speed demon a no-show at trial A speed demon accused of driving around Manhattan in less than a half-hour may have made a break for the Canadian border rather than face justice. A warrant was issued...
Driver's record lap around Manhattan was art: lawyer So what if they were going nearly 100 mph? It was art! A speed demon who was arrested after setting the record for fastest lap driven around Manhattan was just...
Daredevil driver who encircled city in 24 minutes jailed again The daredevil busted after zipping around Manhattan in their BMW in just 24 minutes — posting footage of the boneheaded stunt on YouTube — landed in jail Tuesday after he...
Daredevil bragged to cops about the fastest lap around Manhattan A speed demon busted for setting an unofficial record for the fastest driving lap around Manhattan bragged to cops about the feat. “I've done it several times,” Adam Tang told...
LONDON — One of 500 passengers aboard an Airbus A380 bound for Los Angeles described Sunday the moment the superjumbo suffered a mid-flight engine explosion and was forced to land in a remote part of eastern Canada.
Enrique Guillen said Air France flight AF66 from Paris was passing over Greenland bound for California on Saturday when it was rocked by an uncontained engine failure — a rare emergency in which machinery and other parts break away from the plane at high velocity.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Investigation Launched Into 'Serious' Air France Plane Engine Failure 1:13 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Aircraft engines are designed to contain most problems, such as snapped fan blades or bird strikes.
Pictures taken from inside the Air France plane showed the front cowling and fan disc of the No. 4 engine, outermost on the right side, had completely sheared off.
"We looked out the window and saw half of the engine was missing," said Guillen, an NBC executive who added that hundreds of passengers were stuck aboard the stricken plane at Goose Bay, Labarador, awaiting a replacement.
The U.S. manufacturer of the engine, Connecticut-based Engine Alliance, said it was investigating the failure, which the airline said caused "serious damage."
"The regularly trained pilots and cabin crew handled this serious incident perfectly," Air France said in a statement, adding that none of the 497 passengers was injured. "The passengers are currently being assisted by teams dispatched to the location."
The emergency has echoes of the November 2010 failure of a Rolls-Royce engine on a Qantas A380 after take-off from Singapore. That incident led to the grounding of all six A380s in the Qantas fleet for three weeks.
The damaged engine seen after landing in Goose Bay, Labrador.
Guillen said their flight has been airborne for two hours when passengers heard an unusual noise.
"The plane started shaking, it was a noise like once of the engines was failing ... a noise I had never heard before," they recalled. "We obviously knew it wasn't turbulence, it lasted about 30 seconds to one minute and we noticed the place was losing altitude very quickly.
"After 1½, two minutes ... we looked out the window and saw half of the engine was missing."
They said the pilot confirmed there had been a failure in one engine and announced the diversion to Goose Bay. "Everybody had concerned faces, no panic but a lot of concerned faces," they said, adding that the pilot's announcement was "oddly reassuring" since the aircraft had three other engines.
Speaking from the stricken plane early Sunday, they said passengers had already been waiting nine hours on the ground. "We're in a small, private airport with no facilities for the 500 people in this plane," they said.
The aircraft involved, an A380-800 series registered as F-HPJE, is seven years old.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Minnesota has the highest population of Somalis outside the country itself.
Three close friends from the Twin Cities think because of that, all Minnesotans should know more about the country of Somalia. And it took extreme measures for them to make that connection.
Riverside Plaza — the bright towers that mark the Minneapolis skyline — host many a story: of friendship, of food, of coffee. of love.
Somalia is a pivotal part of Minnesota's story, from the Cedar Riverside neighborhood and beyond.
“When we lived in Elliot Park, we play soccer with Somali folks. That was probably my first interaction with the Somali community,” said Simon Trautmann.
Growing up, Trautmann and Ethan Miller knew many Somalis live in Minnesota. But it wasn't until they went to college at North Central University in the early 2000s that they got to know their Somali neighbors — who became Somali friends.
“Not necessarily because I'm their friend, because I wear a hijab, because I'm Muslim, because I'm African American, because I'm immigrant,” said Saeciido Shaie. “It's just that one-on-one human connection.”
Shaie was born in Somalia and educated in Minnesota. They started a nonprofit after college: an after-school mentoring programs for children of Somali decent. Ten years ago, a friend connected their Trautmann, then a young lawyer.
“The ink was still wet on my law degree,” Trautmann said. “[Shaie said] ‘You should be their lawyer.' So that was the basis of our friendship, and my connection, deeper connection to the Somali Community.”
The three became friends, taking on each other's highs and lows, especially after Saeciido's uncle in Somalia died from not having enough water.
“This was the first time in my life that a famine had ever involved people that I knew,” Trautmann said. “It wasn't the abstraction of people on the television or people on the other side of the world, but friends like Saeciido were sending me video and telling me stories of their family members.”
They decided together they needed to do something, so the three of them flew together to Somalia. Miller documented the journey.
When they got there, they toured the damage to see what the famine had left behind and took away.
“It would probably be like us going to Lake of the Isles, and it being not there. Just nonexistent,” Miller said. “The effect of that on their livestock was a huge thing.”
They toured a hospital destroyed by explosives, and met a doctor who is working to help the country recover. That is what they say moved them most: all the people who are working to rebuild, and many of whom are using the knowledge they learned in the United States.
“There's a lot of Somalis from the Twin Cities that are in Somalia or in Kenya doing work,” Shaie said.
So they decided to also do some work, taking their knowledge and video footage back to their friends in Minnesota.
They were able to raise enough support to send $128,000 in medical supplies and 250,000 meals to Somalia.
“They're not just a lost cause. There's hope there. They need help,” Miller said. “We need to come alongside them, help alongside them, but there's hope.”
A journey they say they will keep sharing. They are neighbors who understand they each have more in common than they have differences.
“It's just like people are the same, and we all are interconnected in somehow, someway because of that human-to-human connection,” Shaie said
The three plan to return to Somalia. Click here to support their efforts.
iStock/Thinkstock(HONOLULU) — The FBI is investigating four Honolulu Police Department officers who allegedly forced a suspect to place their mouth on a urinal in a public restroom, officials announced Friday.
Police Chief Susan Ballard said the officers were responding last Sunday afternoon to a 911 call about a person trespassing at a public restroom in the Keeaumoku area of Honolulu, ABC affiliate KITV reported.
Ballard said an officer reported the alleged urinal incident, leading to an internal investigation. The victim was also located by police.
The Honolulu Police Department (HPD) then referred the case to the FBI.
“If true, these allegations violate the core value of what HPD stands for,” Ballard said. “Our officers are sworn to uphold the rights of all persons, and I expect every officer to treat every member of the public fairly and with respect. Personally, I'm appalled.”
Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell said in a statement Friday, “Police Chief Susan Ballard has done the absolutely right thing by referring the alleged misconduct by four Honolulu police officers to the Federal Bureau of Investigation for further review. Although these officers are presumed innocent, we need an independent agency to investigate exactly what occurred and whether these officers engaged in civil rights abuses.”
Caldwell continued, “Chief Ballard has promised to transform the Honolulu Police Department from a warrior mentality to a guardian mentality, and this is an approach to community policing that I wholeheartedly support.”
The officers, who have between three and 16 years of service, have been placed on restricted duty.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Mohammed bin Salman, the Saudi king-in-waiting, pushed a huge number of chips to the center of the table over the past couple of days in a spectacular all-in bet rarely seen since Michael Corleone eliminated all their enemies while being crowned godfather.
On Sunday, the 32-year-old Saudi crown prince, nicknamed MbS, eliminated major internal rivals, putting dozens of top movers and shakers under house arrest (reportedly in Riyadh's swanky Ritz Carlton) and charging them with corruption.
And Monday, the Saudis blamed Iran for supplying a missile fired at their capital over the weekend, saying such a move could be considered “an act of war.”
The detainees include Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, a heavy investor in top US corporations, as well as the commander of the powerful Saudi national guard, several cabinet ministers, top business people — the works. Anyone looking at this objectively can see instantly this was a major power grab.
By ordering peers gone, MbS is trying to eliminate top contenders and those wary of their uncharacteristically (for Saudis) fast-paced reforms and tightening up on the reins of power.
As the United States — not to mention the rest of the world — figures out how to deal with the developing reality, it should look for opportunities to milk.
Clearly, the situation is tense. On Sunday, the Saudis reported that the Iran-backed Houthis in neighboring Yemen fired a missile across the border into the Saudi kingdom. (The Saudis' American-made defense system intercepted it.) The next day, Riyadh directly pointed a finger at Tehran, claiming it had supplied the missile to the Houthis and calling that “a blatant act of military aggression.”
see also Saudi Arabia accuses Lebanon of declaring war Saudi Arabia on Monday accused Lebanon of declaring war against...
That followed the resignation Sunday of the Saudis' ally, Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri, who traveled to Riyadh to make the announcement. Lebanon, Hariri explained, has fallen prey to Hezbollah, the Lebanese-based Iranian puppet. (Hariri's father, Rafik, was assassinated by Hezbollah in 2005.)
Hariri's move was likely an MbS-orchestrated escalation of their pushback against Iran. Some in the region even claim MbS is itching for a proxy war against Iran on Lebanese soil.
MbS is Saudi Arabia's most aggressive anti-Iran player in memory. He's already claimed Arab leadership in fighting Iran's “resistance” forces — proxies that, under Iran's Revolutionary Guards' tutelage, slowly take over Yemen, Iraq, Syria and Lebanon, and threaten US allies, including the Saudis, Jordan and Israel.
At the same time, the ascendant prince has promised a host of reforms. They want the kingdom to turn away from the doomed petrol-based economy and develop other industries. They vow to stamp out corruption.
MbS has even started, tentatively, to modernize a society stuck in the Middle Ages. A new Coca-Cola ad on Saudi TV, for example, depicts a man teaching their young daughter to handle a car — in a country that's banned women from driving for decades.
All of which offers America strong reasons to back the new powerhouse — and perhaps encourage their better angels. Remember, one of President Trump's regional strategic goals is reversing the dangerous advances Iran made during the Obama years. This is also a rare opportunity to nudge Saudi Arabia away from its extremist-leaning form of Islam, which has been so malignant throughout the Mideast and beyond.
Perhaps they could prove a valuable ally in fighting Sunni terrorism, along with pushing back against Iran's expansionism, and even maybe help dissolve Arab enmity to Israel.
At the moment, though, MbS is stuck in Yemen and has lost ground to Iran elsewhere.
Plus, Trump has yet to fully reverse President Barack Obama's tilt toward Iran: In Iraq, we didn't push hard enough against an Iranian-backed assault on our allies, the Kurds. In Syria, we're desperately looking for a way out, even as Iran toils to control the entire country. So there's much to do on both ends.
Certainly, MbS will need help from us. Forces, inside and out, will fiercely fight him. Left isolated, they may reverse course, join their enemies to survive in power and renege on their reform promises. Yes, there are risks; we don't want to find we've backed another Shah of Iran, who is toppled by people who then regard us as a top enemy.
But the opportunities here are too great to do nothing. To help the new power, America must regain the leadership role it lost in a region we've hoped to leave to its own devices. The more involved America is, the more we can nudge MbS, the Saudis and perhaps the entire region away from their worst instincts.
Twitter: @bennyavni
By Richie Murray Putnamville, Indiana………The final event leading up to Indiana Sprint Week provides an opportunity for teams to get their equipment and their minds sorted and take some last-minute notes on a track they will see on the trail twice in less than a three-week span. That's the plan for the USAC AMSOIL National Sprint Cars this Friday night, July 6, when they hit the 5/16-mile dirt oval of Lincoln Park Speedway for the 4th running of the “Bill Gardner Sprintacular.” But, if you think this is just a simple test and tune-up for the July 26 return, think again. There's no breather in any racing event on the USAC calendar. This race unofficially begins another session of a crucial summer stretch that will show who's up to the challenge to wear the crown at the end of the season and who's going to be Kirk Cameron'd and left behind. Interestingly enough, each of the three contenders who've separated themselves from the rest of the pack in the series' standings have yet to win at Lincoln Park. Series point leader Kevin Thomas, Jr. has fond memories of Lincoln Park as it was the site in which they clinched the Indiana Sprint Week title in 2017. At the end of May of this year, they were victorious in the Sprint Car portion of the “Indiana Midget Week” show at LPS. Along with Thomas, Tyler Courtney is the only other driver with four USAC National Sprint Car wins in 2018. He's second in points, 38 back in second in the series' standings. Courtney has bookended their career-best runs at LPS coming into Friday's event, scoring runner-up finishes in their first ever outing with USAC at the track in 2013 and in their most recent at last year's “Indiana Sprint Week” round. Chris Windom, also 38 behind KTJ and third in points, is coming off a second-straight “Eastern Storm” title on the strength of back-to-back wins a couple weeks ago at Williams Grove and Port Royal in Pennsylvania. However, back on the relative “home turf” of LPS, Windom has managed just a single top-five, which came during the “Indiana Sprint Week” round of 2013. On the flip side, no other driver in recent years has achieved more success in USAC National Sprint Car competition at LPS than Rocklin, California's Robert Ballou. The 2015 series champ has won two out of three, including the most recent race at the track in July of 2017. He's also a past victor of the “Bill Gardner Sprintacular” in 2016. In 2014, LPS was the launching pad of their resurgence, ending a near two-year winless drought in the process. During the recent “Eastern Storm” race at Pennsylvania's BAPS Motor Speedway, Ballou won the 29th USAC National Sprint Car race of their career, passing Levi Jones and J.J. Yeley to move into sole possession of 13th on the all-time list. The two winningest active drivers in the series have found their share of success at LPS throughout the years. Along with Ballou's three, Dave Darland has collected a record-tying five wins at LPS in 1997, 1998 1999, 2005 and 2012. The two-time track champ (1990 & 1991) has more wins and starts in the series than any other driver with 60 and 713, respectively. He's even scored already at LPS earlier this season with a non-USAC-sanctioned victory on April 21. LPS holds a special place in Chad Boespflug's heart as it served as the venue for their first career USAC victory, which they picked up in 2013. The Hanford, California driver is currently 10th in points and is aiming to return to victory lane for the first time in 2018. Brady Bacon bagged USAC National Sprint Car wins in the months of May and June. Now, as the calendar moves to July, the two-time series champ appears to be on full-stride with their own team, sixth in points, and headed to a track he's once conquered with the series, back in 2015. Lincoln Park's Independence Day Weekend USAC appearance has been an annual treat since the 2013 season and the “Bill Gardner Sprintacular” since 2015. Jerry Coons, Jr. won the inaugural in 2015 and Ballou in 2016. Mother Nature snagged the win in 2017. In 32 prior USAC National Sprint Car visits to LPS, no driver has doubled up with multiple wins in a single-season. Darland and Sheldon Kinser are the winningest drivers in the series' history at LPS. Kinser won the first appearance in 1981. Pits open at 4:30pm while the spectator gates open at 4:45pm. The drivers meeting will take place at 5:15pm with cars scheduled to hit the track at 6pm. Adult general admission tickets are $25. Pit passes are $30 each. You can listen to all the racing action LIVE on the USAC app or watch a day later, on-demand, at http://www.Loudpedal.TV/
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Researchers have created a new material that allows the effective delivery of both chemotherapy drugs and gene therapy designed to fight drug resistance.
Clinicians today have an arsenal of more than 200 drugs at their disposal for treating a range of cancers—68 drugs were approved between 2011 and 2016 alone. Many chemotherapeutic agents pose stubborn challenges, however:
they cause serious side effects because they kill healthy cells in addition to cancer cells;
some forms of cancer develop resistance to drugs;
and many such chemotherapies, being poorly water-soluble, demonstrate low bio-availability resulting in sub-optimal drug delivery to cancer cells.
A potential solution lies in the synergistic combination of a chemotherapeutic drug with engineered genetic material designed to neutralize the malevolent genes conferring resistance to that drug, among other functions.
While there are numerous examples of synthetic dual gene and drug delivery vehicles, the new hybrid materials use easily modifiable proteins to deliver a chemical one-two punch: they combine a lipid “container” for transfection—the transportation of cargo past a cell membrane—and an easy-to-make protein capsule that can bind both small chemotherapeutic molecules and nucleic acids.
The hybrid lipid-protein material, called a lipoproteoplex, comprises both a coiled supercharged protein macromolecule and a commercially available transfection agent called Lipofectamine 2000.
Because the researchers engineered the protein macromolecule with extensive positive charges on the surface and a hydrophobic core, it can be easily festooned with negatively charged short interfering RNA (siRNA)—a powerful tool for suppressing genes that invoke drug resistance and propagate disease states—while also serving as an efficient, and toxicity reducing, carryall for the hydrophobic chemotherapeutic agent doxorubicin.
In research published in Biomacromolecules, the team details how the lipoproteoplex exposed to samples of the MCF-7 breast cancer cell line delivered more doxorubicin to target cells than did Lipofectamine 2000 alone, resulting in a substantial decrease in MCF-7 cell viability. They also demonstrated that the hybrid macromolecule was highly successful at siRNA transfection, silencing the gene by 60 percent.
Montclare says a key benefit of the new lipoproteoplex is ease of modification, an asset to researchers studying cells whose genetically invoked behavior changes over time and differs by cell line and patient.
Rather like a system of mix-and-match components, the lipoproteoplex allows researchers to swap out a supercharged protein or lipid component and any number of siRNA to address a specific cell line and type of drug.
“Unlike other pursuits at producing dual gene and drug delivery systems, this approach doesn't require tedious chemical synthesis procedures; rather we can biosynthesize any variant of the supercharged protein,” says Jin Kim Montclare, associate professor of chemical and biomolecular engineering at New York Univeristy's Tandon School of Engineering. “This allows for substituting different siRNA molecules and chemotherapeutic drugs to suit lab needs.”
In recent work on protein-based hybrid materials, Montclare and their collaborators combined an engineered supercharged protein with the transfection reagent Fugene. The combination exhibited an eightfold improvement in transfection efficiency of DNA compared to Fugene alone, with negligible cytotoxicity.
Montclare is investigating the mechanisms that enable these lipoproteoplexes to effectively deliver genes and drugs across different cell lines.
Additional researchers who contributed to this work are from New York University, the State University of New York Downstate Medical Center, and the Simons Foundation's Flatiron Institute Center for Computational Biology.
The National Science Foundation, the National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences, and the National Institutes of Health supported this research with grants.
Source: New York University
Tiger Woods has probably holed more shots from off the green than anyone in golf history, but it sure seems like Muirfield Village has been the site for more of their short game magic than anywhere else. There was the miracle flop in 2012 that Jack Nicklaus called the best he's ever seen , the curling pitch in 2001, and even a walk-off chip-in at the 2009 Memorial Skins Game .
PODCAST: A chat with Aaron Wise & Memorial picks
So another improbable make at Muirfield shouldn't be too surprising. Or exciting when you consider it came during a Wednesday pro-am. Yet Woods found a way to dazzle us -- and playing partner Peyton Manning -- once again, and they made a young fan's day week year in the process. Check it out:
Loading View on Instagram
Great stuff, Tiger. And normally, we'd say save it for the actual tournament. But at the Memorial, it's a pretty safe bet he'll pull off something else that's pretty special later in the week.
RELATED: Tiger Woods visits Shinnecock Hills ahead of the U.S. Open
WATCH MORE VIDEOS FROM THE LOOP
The Lake Region Rangers capped off their historic soccer season by raising their Championship banner on Friday night.
HELSINKI — Finland's foreign minister says representatives from North and South Korea are holding diplomatic talks in the Nordic country and describes Finland's role as a “facilitator.”
Foreign Minister Timo Soini told the Finnish news agency STT on Monday that Finland “is making this meeting possible” by helping arrange it but wouldn't mediate in the actual negotiations. They gave no other details.
Senior North Korean diplomat Choe Kang Il, who handles North American affairs in Pyongyang, arrived in Helsinki on Sunday for talks with South Korean security experts and allegedly also with former U.S. diplomats, including the former U.S. Ambassador to South Korea, Kathleen Stephens.
The meeting comes just two days after North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho held days of diplomatic talks in neighbouring Sweden.
Birmingham, Ala. (AP) -- Emboldened and proclaiming victory after a bloody weekend in Virginia, white nationalists are planning more demonstrations to promote their agenda following the violence that left a woman dead and dozens injured.
The University of Florida said white provocateur Richard Spencer, whose appearances sometimes stoke unrest, is seeking permission to speak there next month. And white nationalist Preston Wiginton said they are planning a "White Lives Matter" rally at Texas A&M University in September.
Also, a neo-Confederate group has asked the state of Virginia for permission to rally at a monument to Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee in Richmond on Sept. 16, and other events are likely.
"We're going to be more active than ever before," Matthew Heimbach, a white nationalist leader, said Monday.
James Alex Fields Jr., a young man who was said to idolize Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany in high school, was charged with killing a woman by slamming a car into a group of counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally Sunday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Fields, 20, who recently moved to Ohio from their home state of Kentucky, was held without bail on murder charges. They were photographed at the rally behind a shield bearing the emblem of the white nationalist Vanguard America, though the group denied they were a member.
Two state troopers also died Sunday when their helicopter crashed during an effort to contain the violence.
The U.S. Justice Department said it will review the violence, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions told ABC that the death of counter-protester Heather Heyer, 32, met the definition of domestic terrorism.
White nationalists said they were undaunted.
Heimbach, who said they were pepper-sprayed during the melee in Charlottesville, called the event Saturday "an absolute stunning victory" for the far right because of the large number of supporters who descended on the city to decry plans to remove a statue of Lee.
Hundreds of white nationalists, white supremacists, neo-Nazis, Ku Klux Klan members and others were involved, by some estimates, in what Heimbach, leader of the Traditionalist Workers Party, called the nation's biggest such event in a decade or more. Even more opponents turned out, and the two sides clashed violently.
A neo-Nazi website that helped promote the gathering said there will be more events soon.
"We are going to start doing this nonstop. Across the country," said the site, which internet domain host GoDaddy said it was shutting down after it mocked the woman killed in Charlottesville.
The head of the National Socialist Movement, Jeff Schoep, said Charlottesville was a "really good" white nationalist event that was being overshadowed by the deaths. "Any time someone loses their lives it's unfortunate," they said.
They blamed the violence on inadequate police protection and counter-demonstrators and said they doubt white nationalists will be deterred from attending more such demonstrations.
Preserving memorials to the Old South has become an animating force for the white nationalist movement, not because all members are Southern, Schoep said, but because adherents see the drive to remove such monuments as part of a larger, anti-white crusade.
"It's an assault on American freedoms. Today it's Confederate monuments. Tomorrow it may be the Constitution or the American flag," Schoep said.
At the University of Florida, where Spencer has asked to speak, President W. Kent Fuchs called the events in Virginia "deplorable" but indicated school officials might be unable to block their appearance.
"While this speaker's views do not align with our values as an institution, we must follow the law, upholding the First Amendment not to discriminate based on content and provide access to a public space," Fuchs said in a message on the university's Facebook page.
Auburn University spent almost $30,000 in legal fees in an unsuccessful attempt to prevent Spencer from speaking on its campus in Alabama in April.
OAKLAND, Calif. — One NBA scout was discussing The Finals opponents, the Cavaliers and Warriors, and made a point.
“LeBron James is No. 1, no question, but Kevin Durant, you can argue, is the second-best player alive. And I don't think they get enough credit,” the scout said. “It almost seems like when the Warriors win, it's because Steph Curry played well. When they lose, it's because Steph Curry played poorly. Did you ever hear anyone say the Cavs lost because someone other than LeBron didn't play well?”
Valid point.
Durant takes it in stride. Like Wednesday, when they were asked about their Game 7 against Houston, the game that propelled the Warriors back here for a fourth straight NBA Finals run. Durant had a 13-point first half, a 21-point second half. So how was they able to block out that awful first half — which probably was a first half many would sell the family pet to produce.
“Well, this is my 11th year in the NBA. I know a lot of people probably didn't watch me play before I got to the Warriors. But I was in the league before I got here, and I learned a lot along that time,” Durant said tongue-in-cheek. “I actually won an MVP award. I went to the Olympics. Scored a couple points.”
Thought they looked familiar. And it isn't just because they are averaging a team-best 29.0 points in this postseason, along with 7.1 rebounds for the Warriors. What matters is that they have a chance at a second title. The first came last year when they were Finals MVP after making the controversial jump from Oklahoma City. The general public reaction was Durant couldn't beat 'em, so they joined 'em when they became a Warrior. There could be snide remarks that if the Cavs prevail this year, Durant might look to join the Yankees' batting order.
“It's been exciting that we got the opportunity to go through that, and also get out of it and being in The Finals again,” Durant said after the Game 7 with Houston. “But we're not satisfied. Definitely glad we're playing still, but we want to finish the job. So we want to stay locked in and figure out just the best way to execute and win starting [Thursday in Game 1].”
Durant though always has been exceptional in talent and approach. Cleveland's Jeff Green recalled watching Durant as a rookie when they were teammates in Seattle, and one thing impressed above all.
“His work ethic. They work on their game every day. They love to hoop. They have a tremendous passion for this game. They give this game everything,” Green said. “Even then I knew they would be what they are today. They have worked for everything.”
While the world watches and marvels at James, Durant has been spectacular in their own way for 11 seasons, with a 27.1 scoring average. Their abilities at 7-feet are freakish. They score inside and out. They defend. They handle the ball.
And they might not get the accolades they deserve on a team that was a champion before they arrived.
“I've been asked how our team is viewed publicly, but I'm too close to it to really know. But the stars get more praise and more criticism than they deserve,” Golden State general manager Bob Myers said. “Then you get into the relatability of a guy. ‘Who's your favorite player?' Professional sports and the word ‘fair' don't belong together.”
BEIRUT – An air raid has struck several cars in northwestern Syria, killing at least eight people, including al-Qaida-linked fighters and a senior commander with a Chinese Islamic militant faction, an activist group and a local jihadi commander said Monday.
The attack occurred late Sunday on a road leading from the town of Sarmada to the Bab al-Hawa area on the border with Turkey, said the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and a local commander with the Fatah al-Sham Front, an al-Qaida-linked group. The militant spoke via text messages on condition of anonymity because of security concerns.
It was not immediately clear who was behind the attack, but the Observatory's chief Rami Abdurrahman said it is widely believed to have been carried out by the U.S.-led coalition.
The U.S. has killed some of al-Qaida's most senior commanders in Syria over the past two years in airstrikes. Those targeted included members of the so-called Khorasan group, which Washington describes as an internal branch of al-Qaida that plans attacks against Western interests.
The Observatory said eight people were killed in the airstrike, including three jihadi commanders. The dead include a senior al-Qaida commander known as Khattab al-Qahtani, who was from the Gulf region and fought for the group in Afghanistan.
Abu Omar al-Turkistani, a top commander with the Turkistan Islamic Party, and a Syrian al-Qaida commander known as Abu Muatasem al-Deiri, were also killed. The Turkistan Islamic Party mainly consists of minority Uighurs from China, many of whom have traveled to Syria to help battle President Bashar Assad's forces alongside other jihadi groups.
The Fatah al-Sham commander confirmed that several people were killed, including al-Qahtani and al-Turkistani. They said the attack was most likely carried out by drones.
A video posted online by the Syrian Civil Defense search-and-rescue group, also known as the White Helmets, showed rescue workers spraying a car with fire extinguishers as a body was removed and placed in a black bag. The video appeared genuine and corresponded to other Associated Press reporting.
Earlier Monday, Syria's state news agency said al-Qaida militants knocked out electricity towers near the capital, causing power cuts in a southern province. SANA said Fatah al-Sham fighters bombed three towers southwest of Damascus, causing electricity cuts in the Quneitra region.
The report came as a cease-fire brokered by Russia and Turkey held for the fourth day amid sporadic violations. Fighting has raged in the water-rich Barada Valley northwest of Damascus over the past two weeks.
The Fatah al-Sham Front, previously known as the Nusra Front, and the Islamic State group are not included in the truce.
Leeann and Anthony Cooper host the show, and the couple's ministry, Ring of Faith Ministries, chooses a Christmas outreach each December. They chose the Brooks House this year. The ministry held a Christmas party for Brooks House women and children Dec. 2.
The party, called Home Cooked Christmas, was held the home of Thompson Electric owners Jon and Chrys Thompson. The group provided home-cooked meals, presents and more.
Leeann Cooper said while the women listened to the live taping, children painted wood ornaments, decorated cupcakes and received Christmas gifts.
“This is why we do what we do. I don't think it could have gone any better. To see the women smiling, laughing and feeling at homemade everything worth it,” they said.
Cooper said other donors for the event included Publix, Kroger, Hutchison Construction, Dawna LoPiccolo, Angel Thompson and Cedar Creek Sports Center.
People can also help continue the Brooks House mission to help women and children in need of temporary housing by making donations for a chance to win $500 in holiday décor.
People can take Brooks House holiday wish list items to Sunshine Flowers through Friday for a chance to win a custom-designed wreath valued at $175 or a Christmas arrangement valued at $325.
Wish-list items include bleach, Lysol spray, body lotion, body wash, socks and underwear for ladies and children, laundry detergent, plastic spoons and forks, paper plates and cups.
Scottsdale Airport cameras captured the moments before a Piper PA-24-260 destined for arrival at North Las Vegas Airport crashed and burst into flames on a golf course killing all six people on board.
The National Transportation Safety Board released an aviation accident preliminary report Thursday detailing the April 9 crash in Arizona. Surveillance video showed the occupants, three women and three men, boarding the six-seat plane Monday night at 8:28, the report said.
The Scottsdale Police Department identified the victims as Helena Lagos, 22; Iris Carolina Rodriguez Garcia, 23; Mariah Sunshine Coogan, 23; Anand Kamlesh Patel, 28; Erik Valente, 32; and James Louis Pedroza, 28.
Lagos, Valente and Pedroza were residents of Las Vegas, authorities confirmed.
RELATED: Mom begged daughter not to go on plane hours before they died in Arizona
According to the report, two of the women boarded the aircraft first and sat in the two rear seats and were followed by the third woman and a man who sat in the middle seats. The student pilot occupied the front left seat and the airline transport pilot sat in the front right seat.
The report does not specify who was flying the plane at the time of the crash.
Surveillance video from the west side of the runway showed the plane departing from runway 03. In the video, it appeared that the airplane's wings were rocking during and shortly after rotation, the report said.
An additional traffic camera located at the end of the departure runway captured the plane executing a left turn. The report said as the plane's turn progressed, the aircraft began to descend and its wings became nearly vertical.
The cameras lost sight of the plane, but captured a fireball on video seconds later when the aircraft impacted the ground at the TPC Scottsdale Champions Golf Course, which is located about one-fourth of a mile north of the end of the departure runway, the report said.
Investigators said the main cabin of the aircraft was mostly consumed by fire, the inboard section of the right wing became separated, most of the left wing was separated and the majority of the plane was crushed.
The wreckage of the aircraft was moved to a secure facility for further examination. A full detailed investigative report of the crash can take up to 18 months to complete.
Read the full report below:
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Just days before Prince's accidental and fatal overdose, a doctor prescribed them oxycodone under a friend's name in order to protect the late musicians privacy, an affidavit unsealed on Monday revealed.
One affidavit reveals that Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg told authorities they prescribed oxycodone to Kirk Johnson, Prince's longtime friend and estate manager, "for Prince's privacy." Dr. Schulenberg prescribed the drug to Prince six days before their death, on the same day their plane made an emergency landing in Illinois.
Although representatives for Prince originally said they were suffering from the flu, it was subsequently reported that Prince was treated with drugs that combat drug overdoes.
Prince, 57, died on April 21, 2016, after they were found unresponsive in an elevator at their Paisley Park residence in Minnesota. Subsequent toxicology reports revealed that the musician died of an accidental overdose of fentanyl — an extremely potent synthetic opioid primarily used for pain associated with cancer treatment.
The newly released documents — which included multiple affidavits and search warrants — also revealed that prescription medications, particularly other opioids, were found in containers such as vitamin bottles in locations around Prince's home. Some bottles were labeled as though they contained acetaminophen and hydrocodone, and one of these bottles contained fentanyl, "implying it was counterfeit," the Associated Press reported.
Monday's released documents do not reveal where Prince illegally obtained fentanyl, which was not prescribed to Prince or their friend. Oxycodone was not listed as a cause of death by the Midwest Medical Examiner's Office. The released search warrants show that investigators were searching cell phone records of Prince's friend and their emails to determine how the musician got a hold of the powerful drug that led to their accidental death.
Multiple reports since Prince's death show that the late musician was struggling with addiction to painkillers. In fact, the man who found Prince unresponsive in the elevator was sent to start Prince on an emergency treatment regiment for addiction to painkillers.
One search warrant suggests that "witnesses interviewed at the scene" revealed that "Prince recently has a history of going through withdrawals," which was the "result of the abuse of prescription medication."
For-hire car companies like Uber and Lyft might soon be forced to add a tipping option to their apps, Taxi and Limousine Commission officials said on Monday.
The TLC board wants to create a rule that would mandate that the companies allow their drivers to get tips using the same payment method that the customers use to pay. Since Uber and Lyft requires payment by a credit card, it would have to create a space on the app that would allow riders to tip every time.
The agency held a hearing on the economics of the industry last week, and drivers talked for six hours about the financial struggles working both for-hire and as cabbies.
“This rule proposal will be an important first step to improve earning potential in the For-Hire Vehicle industry, but it is just one piece of a more comprehensive effort to improve the economic well-being of drivers,” said TLC Commissioner Meera Joshi.
The TLC is also working on rules that would make it easier for drivers to tell how much money they are paid and how they pay is calculated and make sure that they are making a living wage, said agency officials.
The California legislature is considering a similar law that would mandate in-app tipping statewide.
Drivers' organizations say they are thrilled that the TLC is considering the rule.
“In-app tipping will mean a raise of hundreds of millions of dollars for New York City drivers each year,” said Jim Conigliaro Jr, who is the founder of the Independent Drivers Guild. “Drivers have long been denied access to the kinds of benefits and labor protections many workers take for granted, such as paid sick leave or the minimum wage. As a result, New York City's professional drivers have traditionally depended on gratuities for a substantial portion of their income.”
Uber officials said they will review the proposed rule when they see it.
“Uber is always striving to offer the best earning opportunity for drivers and we are constantly working to improve the driver experience,” said company spokesperson Alix Anfang.
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Customers may visit any Twice Daily location to get a free pair of eclipse glasses with no purchase necessary. One pair will be provided per person while supplies last.
Eclipse glasses are necessary because looking at the sun directly can cause permanent damages to your eyes. Official eclipse glasses are the glasses that conform to and meet the requirements of ISO 12312-2.
“[ISO 12312-2] are sets of criteria that were developed for any solar lenses to significantly cut infrared radiation and ultraviolet radiation,” said Dr. Ming Wang, an optometrist from Nashville.
The certified glasses were developed by NASA to assist astronauts in outer space when they had to look into the sun.
Nearby Twice Dailys can be found online at twicedaily.com/store-locator.
Tonight airs the 2018 Macy's 4th of July Fireworks Spectacular once again, setting off the largest display of fireworks in the United States. The event airs live on the NBC network and we've got all the details on what to expect, what time the show begins, encore presentations and more below. Read on for the rundown on the 42nd edition of Macy's 4th of July Fireworks show.
MACY'S FIREWORKS 2018 TIME: The event airs from 8 – 10 p.m. ET (live) and PT (time delay), with an encore presentation of the fireworks display from 10 – 11 p.m. ET/PT.
WHAT TIME MACY'S FIREWORKS START & GO OFF: The actual fireworks display lasts approximately 25 minutes long. It airs around 9:25 p.m. ET.
MACY'S FIREWORKS 2018 TV CHANNEL: The show airs on NBC. Check with your local TV provider (ie. FIOS, Optimum, Time Warner) to find out what channel NBC is in your area. You can also use the NBC channel finder to look for your local stations here.
MACY'S FIREWORKS 2018 PERFORMERS: Kelly Clarkson, the American Authors, Brandon Victor Dixon, Ricky Martin, Blake Shelton, Keith Urban, and Julia Michaels are all set to perform. In addition, AM NY has reported that members of the West Point Band and Glee Club will perform “The Stars and Stripes Forever” and “The Star-Spangled Banner.” Also, the Harlem Gospel Choir will help Dixon perform a special rendition of “America the Beautiful.”
MACY'S FIREWORKS 2018 SHOW HOSTS: Akbar Gbajabiamila and Matt Iseman have returned to host the event. Many recognize the two from American Ninja Warrior.
MACY'S FIREWORKS 2018 LOCATION: The fireworks will ignite over New York City's East River, from five barges positioned between east 23rd Street and east 40th Street on the East River. According to NY Curbed, 20 new effects will be incorporated into the display this year.
LOCAL VIEWING AREAS FOR MACY'S FIREWORKS 2018:
– FDR Drive and 42nd Street
– FDR Drive and 34th Street
– Center Boulevard from 48th Avenue to 49th Avenue
– FDR Drive and 23rd Street
– 16th Street and Avenue C
– FDR Drive and Houston Street
– Pearl Street and Frankfort Street
– Vietnam Memorial Park
– Broad Street ground level
– Old Slip's upper level
– Furman Street and Old Fulton Street
Public viewing sections in the Manhattan area will be the elevated portions of the FDR Drive, according to Macy's website. There is open viewing from most areas of Brooklyn, with unobstructed views of the sky over the East River.
ADDITIONAL DETAILS: The weather can expect to be high heat and humidity in the NYC area, so be sure to stay hydrated and keep as cool as possible. This year's show will be Macy's largest firework display since the Millennial Celebration in 2000, according to Broadway World. This year's “Golden Mile” fireworks segment will help celebrate the 100th anniversary of Irving Berlin's “God Bless America”.
It actually takes an entire year to program the music and arrangements for the annual event, so planning reportedly begins once the previous show ends. According to Macy's, it also takes 8,000 hours to plan the fireworks displays and execute them properly.
SOCIAL MEDIA INFORMATION: Use the hashtag #macysfireworks to follow the latest updates.
