Boston Bruins goaltender Tuukka Rask 40) keeps an eye on the puck as Toronto Maple Leafs center Tyler Bozak
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Drivers in Bracknell are warned a brief Christmas roadworks respite will be over as work continues to lay a new water pipe.
The work in Opladen Way, Crown Wood, will resume on Tuesday, January 3 after the work stopped and the road was reopened over Christmas.
The road will be closed for the project, which is due to finish on Monday, May 29, to continue.
As a result, the 156 bus will resume a diverted route while the work is carried out.
The work by South East Water will see a 1.4km pipe laid along the road as part of a £450,000 project to upgrade the local water network.
Chris Love, delivery manager at South East Water, said: “We have been working closely with the local bus companies to keep disruption to a minimum as we lay our new pipe along Opladen Way.
“On Tuesday we will need to put the road closure along Opladen Way in force to continue laying the new pipe which means bus route 156 will return to follow the diversion route.
“We would like to thank local residents, motorists and bus passengers for their ongoing patience and cooperation while this important project takes place.”
Drivers in Bracknell are also reminded four months of roadworks in Downshire Way are due to start on Tuesday, January 3.
For weekly updates on the project visit southeastwater.co.uk/opladenway.
Kendall Baptist Hospital hosts a community session on the Zika virus
Pregnant woman recovers from brain surgery at UHealth
1:01
The trial of a Sutton woman charged with failing to look after 33 dogs, two cats and two parrots has been adjourned.
Margaret Greaves, aged 64, of Rookery Lane, was due to appear at Mansfield County Court this morning in relation to ten cases of contravening the Animal Welfare Act 2006.
However, the trial has now been adjourned until June 20.
It is alleged that on or before April 6, 2016, Greaves failed to ensure that 33 dogs, two cats and two American parrots for which they were responsible had enough fresh drinking water, or a suitable environment or meet their needs so they were able to survive.
Greave denies all charges.
By Abby Hassler
Officials unsealed court documents Monday (April 17) to reveal details surrounding the first searches of Prince's Paisley Park estate following their untimely death.
Related: Prince's Ex-Wife Mayte Garcia Says Memoir is not a Tell-All
The unsealed search warrants don't confirm the source of the drug, fentanyl, that led to the 57-year-old singer's accidental, self-administered overdose last April, according to The Star Tribune.
Investigators found no prescriptions in Prince's name, however, Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg told detectives they had written a prescription for oxycodone, which is also an opioid, under the name of long-time Prince associate and drummer Kirk Johnson.
Between April 21 and Sept. 19, 2016, Carver County authorities conducted investigations into Prince's death with a total of 11 search warrants.
Game 1 of the Warriors-Trail Blazers series was a surprisingly competitive and intense affair thanks, in large part, to the performances of Portland's backcourt duo of Damian Lillard and C.J. McCoullum.
The two combined for 75 points and about 70 minutes of trash-talking with Golden State's most willing talker, Draymond Green. At one point, Green missed a dunk, which prompted McCollum to give them some free fitness advice.
CJ McCollum told Draymond Green they needed to do more calf raises after missing a dunk. …and then said it again in their postgame presser pic.twitter.com/3SPfsO2FIm — Sam Hustis (@SamHustis) April 17, 2017
Unfortunately for McCollum and company, Green's calves were plenty strong on the defensive end, where they took over the game down the stretch and came up with a huge block on Lillard in crunch time.
Golden State took Game 1 by a score of 121-109. Game 2 is scheduled for April 19 at Oracle Arena.
The movie “Tommy's Honour,” based on the relationship between Old and Young Tom Morris that premiered last week, has been mostly well received. Splitting the difference between a dismissive take in the New York Times (in which the opening words are “redolent of damp wool and dour personalities”) with a couple of glowing ones, the emerging consensus is of an earnest and beautiful cinematic effort that might be a tad slow.
My own reaction included admiration for the respect the filmmakers had for their subject (as portrayed in Kevin Cook's 2007 award-winning book) and their commitment to the undertaking. To best recreate the playing conditions of the late 1800s, the production built two holes on a seaside Scottish cow pasture, constructed a replica of the Royal & Ancient clubhouse and featured costume detail evocative of “Downton Abbey.” From the opening shot of an aerial camera panning the craggy St. Andrews coastline, the film is lovingly made.
Movies are both enormously important in shaping our culture and enormously hard to make. Movie reviewing, in defending that high bar, can be unforgiving. There are very few points given for a good try.
Golf movies have it especially tough. They raise a red flag commercially, which is why there have been so few of them and why getting them made can be such an ordeal. The conventional wisdom is that even the best backstory will be hampered by the weight of a game that to the general audience is arcane and lacks much action. As the director of “Tommy's Honour,” Jason Connery (son of Sean), told Golf Digest's Max Adler in February, “The big mistake is to make a film about the game, when it's so much more interesting to make it about the people who play the game.”
Golf has had a hard time bringing out its best qualities. Even though other sports have more physical action to fall back on, I would argue that golf on screen doesn't have to be dull.
Maybe that's right. But while there are plenty of tried and true human themes in “Tommy's Honour”—a strained but loving father-son relationship, the suffocating inequities of class and a tragic love story—the setting is the gray, dour, thick-brogue'd town of St. Andrews many decades before it acquired the patina as a golf mecca. It's not a dynamic environment, and by deemphasizing the playing of the game in their story telling, Connery is compromising a main point of differentiation and entering the highly competitive turf of more internally driven dramas. “Tommy's Honour” is good, but it isn't “Moonlight.”
RELATED: See an exclusive clip from "Tommy's Honour"
I happen to like sports movies, especially when the playing scenes get the details right and convey a thrilling sense of physical genius. As a kid, I loved Burt Lancaster showing off their real athletic skills in “Jim Thorpe—All American.” “Hoosiers” worked so well in part because of how it authentically portrayed the coach/player dynamic in practice and game scenes. Recently, “Creed” captured the fearsome aloneness of boxing with restrained but intense realism.
Golf has had a hard time bringing out its best qualities. Even though other sports have more physical action to fall back on, I would argue that golf on screen doesn't have to be dull. The buildup of a player conceiving and playing a shot can be cinematic. The constant inner turmoil competitive golfers must manage can be conveyed. Where golf movies have fallen short is because many of the filmmakers, whatever their technical abilities, have lacked a close feel for the game.
Pinterest Director Jason Connery (center), works with Scottish actors Jack Lowden and Peter Mullan (right) during the filming of "Tommy's Honour." NEIL DAVIDSON LOUISE BEATTIE
Because a good golf swing is such a sublime thing—and a bad one is painful to watch on the big screen—golf movies walk a tight rope when it comes to authenticity. A flowing, battle-tested action is impossible to fake. Matt Damon couldn't do it in “The Legend of Bagger Vance,” and Jim Caviezel failed in “Bobby Jones: Stroke of Genius.” Kevin Costner worked very hard with instructors in preparation for “Tin Cup,” but ultimately all the skills they brought to giving Roy McAvoy the external swag of the gifted was undone by a swing that was studied and stiff.
Not that a good swing alone is enough to make a golf movie work. Jeremy Sumpter, the lead in “The Squeeze,” has the repetitive, well-timed move of the plus handicap they are, but that authenticity couldn't overcome a story that was too thin. In “Seven Days In Utopia,” Lucas Black truly looked like a player, but the movie, even with Robert Duvall in a key role, got too weighed down in homilies.
Humor can be the great eraser of flaws in sports movies, as well as an illuminator of inside truths, but “Tommy's Honour,” though droll in spots, is overall lacking in this area. “Slapshot,” “North Dallas Forty,” and “Major League,” are examples of sports classics that remain watchable for the laughs alone.
RELATED: Director Jason Connery discusses the making of "Tommy's Honour"
Humor is the reason “Caddyshack” is regarded as the best golf movie. But the humor has deep roots in the totems of the game. The zen “na-na-na-na” putting scene with Ty Webb, the fantasy “Cinderella story” vignette with Carl Spackler, the yips from Judge Smails, the suffocating pressure Danny Noonan has to handle. Golfers take that reality seriously, and they laugh when it's spoofed.
But so far, capturing the correct blend of authentic action and soul in a golf movie has proved elusive. The closest all-around try at a great golf movie is “The Greatest Game of Ever Played.” Shia LaBeouf as Francis Ouimet did a good job with the swing, and the family dynamic was even more compelling than in “Tommy's Honour.” The director, the late Bill Paxton, didn't play, but they grew up in a family of golfers and hung around Shady Oaks when Ben Hogan practiced there and understood Hogan's legend.
Paxton got the best depiction ever of a professional golfer on film from actor Stephen Dillane, who played a Harry Vardon, bringing out the supreme outer control and inner desperation that the English icon displayed in late career. “You're going to be Alan Ladd in ‘Shane,' ” Paxton said they told Dillane in recruiting them for the role, evoking one of the screen's most multi-layered heroes.
Scottish actor Jack Lowden played Young Tom Morris as a prodigy for whom good golf were an easy given. But Lowden's swing, learned in a few short weeks before the film, is too ragged despite some impressive speed to look convincing. Young Tom would have been more interesting if given more of a chance to convey the mental and physical difficulty of championship golf, especially after they perennially carried the crown of Champion Golfer of the Year. In the end, the audience isn't allowed to sufficiently admire Young Tom as a golfer.
Still, even as the search for the first great movie about our sport continues, “Tommy's Honour” advances the cause. Golf can be proud.
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
By DEVON ST. CLAIRE
As more truth is being released to the American people the mainstream media is loosing it's strength and integrity. The New York Times, the Washington Post and now ABC News organizations tried their best to downplay a very suspicious meeting between Bill Clinton and then-Attorney General Loretta Lynch on an airport tarmac at Phoenix in June 2016. This was discovered in another slew of emails the other day. It just so happened that this information surfaced right in the middle of the FBI's investigation into the disappearance of Hillary Clinton's emails. Lynch and Bill Clinton claim it was a chance meeting, where they discussed family matters.
FBI Director James Comey recommended that Hillary not be charged with any crimes even though they blasted their handling of their computers. It's ridiculous that when questioned, Hillary offered the same nonsensical explanation that Bill used when discussing the tarmac meeting. They said the missing emails were only about daughter Chelsea's wedding. And yoga. Are American's not able to see that the same response has been given by politician husband and wife regarding different circumstances? Apparently the Clinton's think the American people are stupid.
Why is it that mainstream media is focusing so much on what Trump and their associates might have done with Russia during the campaign meanwhile Hillary and what they already did to put the country in jeopardy is being ignored or forgotten altogether? This article doesn't take any side in politics it merely posses the question what are The Times and The Washington Post and almost every other network ignoring or trying to get us to forget?
The House Judiciary Committee asked Attorney General Jeff Sessions to look into the Hillary email situation, about a week ago. Much to Trump's dismay, Sessions recused themselves from the Russian investigation to give another look into Hillary's emails. This move could be very embarrassing for the Democrats so no wonder why we haven't heard anything about it in the press. The Democrats and media's “resistance” to Trump could end up backfiring on them. Perhaps our current President has something to hide, but what's more important is that the Democrats definitely have something big to hide and it must be addressed before we move on to other issues. It is never wise to block out one issue and deal with the possibility of another that might not even exist.
The issue of Hillary's emails have caused several problems already. The fact that they are not “missing,” even though everyone thinks they are, could be the biggest problem. They could very well be in the possession of American intelligence agencies. Spies spy on each other. So the Russians stole Hillary's BlackBerry password a long time ago and were reading and copying them mail. What some don't realize is Hillary's emails are bound to show up if Congress would just persist with an investigation.
Another problem rises when we look at Comey. They didn't tell the whole truth about their investigation of Hillary. They said the decision not to charge them with a crime was unanimous inside the FBI, even though it wasn't their place or job to decide that. Dozens of agents worked on the case and you cannot get unanimity from a group that size. None-the-less, Comey wasn't really talking about all the agents agreeing. Reliable sources say that on July 5, 2016 it was actually only four people who decided to let Hillary off the hook. This was also days after the tarmac meeting. Three out of those four people's motives have now been called into question.
Where is this in the news?
COMMENTS DISABLED BY SITE.
YOU MAY, HOWEVER, COMMENT THROUGH FACEBOOK.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Don't let your busy schedule keep you from reaching your fitness goals this holiday season. Fitness instructor and wellness coach, Jenn Marasco taught Nick Vasos a few exercises that they say are great for sneaking in some intense cardio in before you get ready for a holiday party or during a cookie baking break. They blast calories and the short rest time and high intensity gives you aerobic and anaerobic benefits.
Half Time Tabatas
2 mins for Each Set of moves. 1 move is 20 seconds of High Rate Moves paired with a 10 second Active Recovery
After 2 mins of one set, rest for 30 seconds and then continue to next step of moves
SET 1 (Abs & glutes) repeat x 2 then short rest
20 seconds- Cross Climbers with High Knees
10 seconds- Squat with leg up & over
SET 2 (Inner Thighs & Shoulders) repeat x 2 then short rest
20 seconds- Sumo Hops
10 seconds- Donkey Kicks
SET 3 (Quads & Glutes & Obliques) repeat x 2 then short rest
20 seconds- Forward Squat Jump Then quick feet back
10 seconds- Side leg lift
The CMG Boss, Yo Gotti is back on the scene preparing the world for their new mixtape which makes the 10th installment to their Cocaine Muzik Mixtape Series.Yo Gotti's CM10 is ready to take on the spring and summer months coming off the “I Still Am” Album, and pushing their protege Black Youngsta to new levels. Yo Gotti is all about ‘Customs” this time around with the assistance of producer Zaytoven. Watch Yo Gotti has flosses their Custom cars, exclusive jewelry, the lavish CMG lifestyle cruising through London and Dubai in the video below.
Follow The Crown:
http://www.Twitter.com/TheKingSharif
http://www.Facebook.com/TheKingSharif
http://www.Instagram.com/TheKingSharif
Snapchat – KingSharifSnaps
1:27 Why is Kemba struggling? Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
WASHINGTON — President Barack Obama will deliver their farewell address to the country on Jan. 10 in their hometown of Chicago, according to a White House official.
Obama's address will come near the end of what has become a rocky transition period between their White House and President-elect Donald Trump. The two men have deep differences on a host of foreign and domestic issues, and Trump has signaled their intent to try to undo much of Obama's legacy from eight years in the White House.
How much Mr. Obama uses the moment 10 days before Trump's inauguration to draw a contrast with their successor will be closely watched. Their team has considered going beyond the traditional scope of a usual farewell address.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com
Now read: Two presidential New Year's tweets, two vastly different messages
Popular on WSJ.com:
Re-Energized Dollar Looms Over the Rest of the World
The Fable of Edward Snowden
Getty
Courtney Wagner is the only child of the iconic Hollywood actor Natalie Wood and their husband, TV star Robert Wagner.
Wood mysteriously died while on a yacht with Wagner and Hollywood actor Christopher Walken in 1981. Natalie's death is getting renewed scrutiny due to a February 3 CBS program. Natalie Wood: Death in Dark Water, which features rare interviews with investigators, and which will air on Saturday, February 3 at 10 p.m. ET/PT on CBS.
The show has also led to the revelation that a sheriff's investigator considers Robert Wagner a person of interest in Natalie's death. That has some people wondering what happened to the daughter that Wood shared with Wagner: Courtney.
Here's what you need to know:
1. Courtney Is the Only Offspring of the Tumultuous Wagner/Wood Partnership
Natalie Wood and Robert Wagner had a famously tempestuous relationship, although whether it ended in murder has never been proven. They married, divorced, and remarried before Natalie drowned during a night on the couple's yacht.
Courtney was only 7 when their mother died. Wagner once wrote of Natalie's death that the theories about it were “all conjecture. Nobody knows. There are only two possibilities: either they were trying to get away from the argument, or they were trying to tie the dinghy. But the bottom line is that nobody knows exactly what happened.”
However, the boat's captain, Dennis Davern, a friend of the family, has changed their story over the years (and written a book). They now say that they heard a big fight on the deck and found Robert Wagner standing there with Natalie missing. You can read more about Davern here:
2. Courtney Has Faced a Drug Accusation Over the Years & Courtney Remembers Them Mom's Hands
Courtney's life has not been untroubled. In 2012, the then 38-year-old was accused in Los Angeles of “suspicion of heroin and cocaine possession,” according to EOnline.
However, Courtney was never charged. The case was rejected by prosecutors “due to illegal search and seizure, a violation of Wagner's Fourth Amendment rights,” reported the entertainment site, adding that the drugs were allegedly found in their home in the Malibu area of California. A handgun was also allegedly found during the search.
In one poignant interview, Courtney said of their mom, “Her hands. I remember their hands – they were so soft. And they had such a distinctive voice and laugh.”
3. Courtney Has Worked as a Jewelry Designer & Isn't on Social Media
According to Radar Online, Courtney Wagner has found work as a jewelry designer over the years. “The jewelry designer also revealed their business is booming ever since Ozzy Osbourne wore some of their pieces on their reality show. Cameron Diaz is also a fan of their work,” the site reported.
The site reported in 2015 that Courtney is so publicity averse that they aren't on Facebook or Twitter. For a time, they ran a jewelry collection called Wagner & Ko, and they said they hoped their fine jewelry work would have made Natalie Wood proud.
4. Courtney Wagner Hasn't Said Much Over the Years About Them Mother's Death
It's human nature to wonder what Courtney thinks about all of the questions swirling around their mother and father. However, they have said very little about it over the years. They did make a few cryptic comments on a radio show in 2015.
They referred to their mother's drowning, according to Radar Online, saying of social media, “I'm so glad that wasn't around when we went through that as a family. After it happened, we moved out of the country for a while.” Despite declaring that they were in a good place, Courtney said, according to Radar Online, “I feel like I'm 41 going on 14.”
In another interview, they recalled the moment they learned that Natalie was dead. “I remember waking up to my sister screaming, and luckily I had a nanny that I was very close to that was by my side. There were all these people in the living room, and my dad told me I wasn't going to see my mom again,” Courtney Wagner told FOX411's Pop Tarts column in 2012. “I was just trying to make sense of it, and dad was asking if we wanted to go and see them one last time.”
“We were all so shattered by the loss, and we were hanging on to each other,” Wagner told PEOPLE in 2016. “You just take it moment by moment and hope that it gets better.”
5. Natalie Wood Had a Second Daughter With Another Man
Courtney Wagner has an older sister named Natasha Gregson Wagner. Natasha is not the biological child of Robert Wagner, however; they are the daughter of Natalie Wood and Richard Gregson, defined by The New York Times as an “English agent and producer.”
Robert Wagner has a third daughter named Katie with Marion Donen, whom they married in between their marriages to Natalie Wood, according to The Times. Of their mother's death, Natasha told The Times, “I know it was an accident.”
Has the world gone mad? Two teenage babysitters posted video as they placed a seven month old baby in a fridge while the mother was taking a shower. ...
Haoxiang Luo, who specializes in computational modeling of fluid-structure interaction for biological systems, brought some of those cicadas back to their computational flow physics and engineering laboratory and created a model of their wing movements. Luo, an associate professor of mechanical engineering and otolaryngology, has made similar models of the aerodynamics of a hummingbird's wing and the hemodynamics of blood as it interacts with heart valves, among other fluid flow systems.
Their VUMC collaborator, Bernard Rousseau, associate vice chair for research in otolaryngology and associate professor of otolaryngology, hearing and speech sciences and mechanical engineering, found similarities in the way the cicada wings moved and the movement of human vocal folds, leading them to wonder how the model might be used to improve surgical techniques for paralyzed vocal folds.
The culminated in the National Institutes of Health awarding a five-year, $2.4 million research grant to a multidisciplinary Vanderbilt team to design a software tool to help surgeons develop more precise surgery plans for the most common surgical intervention for unilateral vocal fold paralysis, type 1 laryngoplasty. Rousseau is the principal investigator of the multidisciplinary team, which includes Luo and Dr. Gaelyn Garrett, professor and vice chair of otolaryngology.
Vocal folds are located on both sides of the larynx and must come together and vibrate to produce sound. The study is focusing on unilateral vocal fold paralysis, which is when one of the vocal folds fails to close completely against the other.
People with the condition have a hoarse voice and require more effort to produce sound. They often experience vocal fatigue and become winded during everyday activities. Such issues can seriously impact quality of life, leading to loss of productivity at work and long-term disability.
Type 1 laryngoplasty involves stabilizing the paralyzed vocal fold with a small implant that helps a person produce voice and also breathe more easily. Patients, who are alert and under local anesthesia during surgery, may be asked to sing “Happy Birthday” during the procedure to determine whether the implant was placed correctly.
The challenge for surgeons is that every patient's anatomy is unique – one patient may have smaller cartilage, while another's soft tissue may be less elastic. This makes it challenging for even a very skilled surgeon to determine the optimal size, shape and placement of the implant for a specific patient. As a result, some type 1 laryngoplasty patients need to have their implants adjusted.
“Currently, this surgery depends on recreating a three-dimensional structure with only two-dimensional data,” said Garrett, who is also senior executive medical director of the Vanderbilt Voice Center. “The symmetry of vibration provided by the new 3D planned, patient-specific implant should give more consistent and optimal voice outcomes.”
The surgical planning tool that Luo and Rousseau plan to develop could help surgeons develop customized implants for each patient.
“By simulating the dynamics of glottal airflow, the mechanics of the vocal fold tissue, and their interaction after incorporating a surgically placed implant, the computer software will predict how the implant will affect the vibration prior to the surgery,” said Luo. “It will also help figure out the optimal parameters of the implant such as its shape, size and placement in the voice box.”
“We hope this pre-operative planning tool will improve not just the outcomes of this particular procedure for the surgeon, but also reduce the overall costs associated with the procedure and operative time needed to complete the procedure, leading to improved surgical precision and efficiency in the operating room,” Rousseau said.
FSI modeling for biological systems, such as cicada wings or vocal folds, is challenging and has not been extensively explored. “Vocal folds are extremely delicate tissue, and the glottal airflow when we speak produces considerable vortices, or swirls, that are hard to describe mathematically or to capture in a computer simulation,” said Luo. “We had to design high-fidelity and yet efficient computational tools to simulate the vocal folds and airflow.”
Rousseau, Luo and colleagues are building on findings they published in 2014 in the Journal of Computational Physics that show Luo's numerical method is versatile and is well-suited for modeling a range of biological FSI systems, including structures that have both stiff and pliable layers, such as the vocal fold.
The researchers say they eventually hope to use computer modeling and 3D printing to help surgeons customize implants for each patient.
“Our goal by the end of the five-year project is to have a model that is ready to be used for the translational milestones of this research,” Rousseau said.
Ron Eavey, Guy M. Maness professor, chair of otolaryngology and director of the Vanderbilt Bill Wilkerson Center, praised the research.
“Talented and creative individuals, when incubated together in a rich environment such as VISE, can devise some really wicked cool ideas to assist patients,” they said.
“Incels” have a new poster boy.
see also Police investigating Facebook posts allegedly made by suspected Toronto driver Police are investigating Facebook posts apparently made by the man...
Members of the misogynistic Internet community to which Alek Minassian swore their allegiance shortly before Monday's massacre in Toronto are praising their gruesome attack.
“It is a good time to be an incel,” wrote one user on a forum dedicated to the group, according to Canada's National Post. “Our brothers are launching their counter-attack, getting their revenge.”
The term incel is short for “involuntarily celibate,” and people who consider themselves part of the group routinely post online rants with misogynistic, violent overtones. Their rhetoric has been so vitriolic that they have been banned from having their own forum on Reddit.
These men often rage against people they dismiss as “Chads and Stacys” — or men and women who take part in mainstream society and who lead active sex lives.
“[Chads and Stacys] should be scared,” one forum member said Tuesday, referring to the Toronto attack. “This is what happens when you deny so many men love and affection for their entire lives.”
The group gained online popularity with infamous mass killer Elliot Rodger. Enraged by a lifetime of rejection by women, Rodger killed six and wounded 13 in a 2014 California shooting and stabbing rampage.
Before Monday's attack, Minassian identified themselves on Facebook as part of “the Incel Rebellion” and praised Rodger as “Supreme Gentleman.”
Posts on the same internet forum expressed gratitude to “St. Rodger” and “St. Minassian,” The National Post reported.
NiceHash Hack Raises Questions About Bitcoin Mining
A company in Slovenia that mines bitcoin says it has been hacked, for a potential loss of tens of millions of dollars. The company, NiceHash, gives customers the ability to mine for bitcoins. As the price of the world's most popular virtual currency keeps surging -- to a record $15,000 on Thursday -- here's a look at what it is and how it is "mined."
What Is a Bitcoin?
Bitcoin is a digital currency that's not tied to any bank or government. Like cash, it lets users spend or receive money anonymously, or mostly so; like other online payment services, it also lets them do so over the internet. There are several other virtual currencies, such as ethereum, but bitcoin is the most popular.
Bitcoins are basically lines of computer code that are digitally signed each time they travel from one owner to the next. Transactions can be made anonymously, making the currency popular with libertarians as well as tech enthusiasts, speculators -- and criminals.
How Is a Bitcoin Mined?
Tech-savvy users called "miners" use their computers to make complex calculations that verify transactions in bitcoins. This so-called blockchain is a global running tally of every bitcoin transaction. The miners receive bitcoins in exchange according to a set of established rules. In this way, the bitcoin network harnesses individuals' greed for the collective good.
NiceHash, the company that got hacked, made a business from matching people with spare computing power to those wanting to mine bitcoin.
How Are Bitcoins Kept Secure?
Because the tally of bitcoin transactions, or blockchain, is verified constantly by a network of miners, rogues cannot spend the same bitcoin twice. As long as miners keep the blockchain secure, counterfeiting shouldn't be an issue.
How Did Bitcoin Come To Be?
It's a mystery. Bitcoin was launched in 2009 by a person or group of people operating under the name Satoshi Nakamoto. Bitcoin was then adopted by a small clutch of enthusiasts. Nakamoto dropped off the map as bitcoin began to attract widespread attention. But proponents say that doesn't matter: The currency obeys its own internal logic.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
CBS Entertainment/Jeffrey Neira(NORTH CAROLINA) — Jeff Varner, who outed their fellow contestant Zeke Smith during an emotional tribal council on Survivor: Game Changers last week, was fired from their job at the Allen Tate real estate company in North Carolina.
Varner, a former news anchor, told Entertainment Tonight online that they were let go last Thursday in an, “ugly, knee-jerk reaction kind of way.”
“As I'm spending hours doing press [on Thursday], I discover I can't access my email. Then the MLS [multiple listing service] association emails to say, ‘You've been terminated.' I didn't even find out from my company,” they said. “Suddenly my real estate license was inactive and my current clients [were] left in the dark…. It was an ugly day. My former boss told me that I was in a news story they wanted nothing to with.”
In a statement to ABC News, Pat Riley, Allen Tate's president and CEO, wrote, “The Allen Tate companies were built on core values of honesty, integrity and respect. Those fundamental beliefs led us to end our relationship with Mr. Varner, a real estate agent who had become affiliated with our firm just 17 days earlier.”
On the episode — which was taped 10 months earlier — Varner, who is gay, asked Smith, “Why haven't you told anyone you're transgender?”
Varner claimed hiding this was proof Zeke was being deceptive.
In the end, Varner apologized but was voted off anyway. They apologized again on Twitter after the episode aired.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
On the 17th of January, Prime Minister Theresa May announced that the British government would appoint a Minister for Loneliness. Them name? Tracey Crouch. While it may sound silly, more than 9 million people in the UK suffer from loneliness on a daily basis. With Brexit on the table, it's just proof that no man is an island.
‘Poison the Parish' album review
By Caroline Ho, Arts Editor
4/5
After almost two steady decades of making music, Seether's newest album Poison the Parish (2017) proves that grunge is still infectiously alive.
Poison the Parish, released this May, is the seventh studio album from the South African band and the follow-up to 2014's Isolate and Medicate. Seether's sound has matured while retaining their compelling intensity. They even manage to sound heavier and darker than some of the material off their last few albums. Poison the Parish is full of awesomely-dark driving riffs, and vocalist Shaun Morgan's voice still sounds phenomenal, though some of the songs do feel a little less fresh.
The album opens forcefully with the angsty single “Stoke the Fire,” bringing a depth of mood that sets the tone for the album. Lyrics like “Taking and taking from the rich and the restless” are full of passion, and Morgan's scream of “Who's gonna stoke the fire?” is a definite highlight.
Track four, “I'll Survive,” is probably my favourite off the album. It's one of Seether's more positive tunes, reminiscent of their previous album's “Save Today” (which happens to be my favourite from that album as well). “I'll Survive” rings strongly with a message of resilience in the face of adversity, a message Seether has always been able to convey with conviction, especially given their advocacy for suicide prevention.
“Let You Down,” the lead single off Poison the Parish, is another heavy hitter, bolstered by its pre-chorus that shows off Morgan's impressive vocal range. The driving guitar riffs throughout also lend the song a certain radio-ready quality—the single's managed to top the Billboard Mainstream Rock Chart for several weeks—without sounding at all bland.
Even with radio success, Seether's never been afraid to express their darker emotions, and Poison the Parish is full of satisfyingly unadulterated venom. It comes out clearly in tracks like “Saviours,” with lines as cathartically spiteful as “And I hope you wither out / Fuck you, you're a poor imitation” and “You worship yourselves / You're all just bigots and liars.” The third single, “Nothing Left,” has a similarly dark and driving pulse, as well as a chorus containing another demonstration of Morgan's spine-chilling screams.
The slightly slower-paced track “Emotionless” manages to convey its titular sentiment effectively and is one of the album's most compelling songs. The verses have a haunting and forcefully-hollow quality, although the chorus sounds somewhat less powerful in their lyrics and harmonies.
The regular edition of Poison the Parish has 12 tracks and the deluxe has 3 additional, though the only one of the bonus tracks that really stands out to me is the final song “Take A Minute.” The chorus is fairly unexceptional, but the song makes up for it with the melodic and lyrical strength of the bridge and outro, ending with the lines “Take a minute to destroy this all,” which I find to be a more evocative finale than the official last track of the non-deluxe edition.
Some of the songs off Poison the Parish did feel almost interchangeable, with somewhat repetitive riffs and harmonies, but as a whole the album consistently shines. It certainly succeeds in maintaining its dark, hefty tone throughout, proving that Seether's still capable of returning to a harder, rawer sound. It might have been nice to hear at least one softer melody, since some of Seether's earlier songs—most notably 2004's “Broken”—prove Morgan's capability at bringing just as much emotional depth to a ballad as to a growl. Nonetheless, Poison the Parish is as heavy and intense as anything you might want from Seether.
The Senator representing Bauchi Central Senatorial District, Hamman Misau, has opened a can worms against the Inspector General of Police, Idris Kpotun Ibrahim. The President and cabinet members were shocked by the issues raised by the minister. Of s...
If you are a leader in your chosen field – say philosophy, theater or medical research – and you happen to be a woman, you may have had a good chance of landing an EMET Prize this year.
The EMET Prize for Art, Science and Culture, to give its full title, is awarded annually in recognition of “excellence in academic and professional achievements that have far-reaching influence” in society. All recipients must be Israeli or be resident here. All told, this year's roll call takes in nine envelope pushers in their disciplines, and – possibly most surprising and refreshing – five are women.
Ilana Ashkenazi, director of the EMET Prize organization, which operates under the auspices of the A.M.N. Foundation for the Advancement of Science, Art and Culture, founded in 1999 by Alberto Moscona Nisim, says it is high time the gender imbalance was redressed.“Last year there were no female winners, so I called on women, through the media, to apply for the prize,” Ashkenazi says, happily noting the success of the initiative. “This year there are five female winners.”The proof of that pudding is now out there for all to see, with the likes of Prof. Eva Illouz and Prof. Hannah Herzog on this year's laureate roster.Moroccan-born Illouz was brought up in France, and completed a BA in sociology and an MA in literature in their first adopted country, before taking a second master's degree, in communication studies, at the Hebrew University, followed by a PhD at the University of Pennsylvania. Them work in the field of the sociology of culture and emotions, and the connection between emotions and capitalism, has brought their global recognition.Meanwhile, Herzog, a sociology and anthropology professor has, for many years, focused on political media and gender sociology.“All that was needed was to open up new opportunities, and as soon as the EMET Prize launched a media campaign calling on women to present their candidacy, we're seeing more and more winners. The achievements of women speak for themselves,” said attorney Shlomit Barnea, a member of the Prize award committee.There is also a female prize recipient in this year's arts category, in the form of Michal Rovner. Rovner is a celebrated global multidisciplinary artist with a heavyweight bio that takes in solo exhibitions in video, sculpture, drawing, sound and installations, at major venues such as the Whitney Museum of Art in New York, the Jeu de Paume and Louvre in Paris, and London's Tate Gallery.In 2006, they began a series of monumental structures titled “Makom” (Place), using stones from dismantled or destroyed Israeli and Palestinian houses from Jerusalem, Bethlehem, Haifa, the Galilee, and the Israeli-Syrian border. Seven years later Rovner created the Traces of Life installation at the Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum, devoted to the 1.5 million Jewish children murdered in the Holocaust.Rovner's male counterpart in this year's EMET Prize arts section is photographer Sharon Yaari. The 51-year-old Bezalel Academy of Arts and Design senior lecturer's work has been exhibited in London, New York, Vienna, Madrid and Berlin, in addition to shows at the Israel Museum and the Tel Aviv Museum of Art.Besides having their work showcased at the world's prestigious arts facilities, EMET Prize-winning artists and their fellow laureates from the other award categories gain a significant feather in their professional cap.“This is a very important award,” notes Arie Dubson, who sits on the EMET Award Committee and also serves as chairperson of the A.M.N. Foundation. “We relate to EMET as the Israeli Nobel Prize. The standards achieved by all our winners over the years certainly justify that reputation.”The Nobel comparison may, to some, sound a little overambitious, but Dubson says the facts on the ground are indisputable. “We have EMET prizewinners who later went on to Oslo to receive the Nobel Prize.”Indeed, 2011 Nobel Prize recipient Dan Shechtman , a material sciences specialist, was presented with an EMET award nine years earlier. 2002 EMET Prize-winner biologist Aaron Ciechanover received the Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 2004, and crystallographer Ada Yonath followed their 2006 EMET award with the 2009 Nobel Prize in Chemistry.Like Ashkenazi, Dubson says they are also delighted with the number of women on the EMET Prize roster this year. “We can only give prizes to people whose names have been put forward, and we worked very hard this year to make sure women were also represented. Now you can see the fruits of our effort. There is no gender difference in terms of standard of achievement. That is clear.”This story was written with the cooperation of the EMET Prize.
Etsy is going after a wider base of sellers with the launch of an online craft-supplies marketplace.
The company announced the Etsy Studio, a new vertical to be launched in April, at an event Tuesday, and separately announced a dashboard for Etsy sellers to keep track of sales and customer questions. With the new marketplace, Chief Executive Chad Dickerson said Etsy ETSY, +0.78% hopes to bring on more sellers and buyers and tap into the estimated $44 billion craft-supply marketplace in the U.S.
“It's a very ambitious craft marketplace that addresses this really big market opportunity,” Dickerson said in an interview with MarketWatch.
The marketplace plans to launch with nearly 8 million items.
This is an expansion of a craft-supplies tab Etsy already has on its platform. Dickerson said the company felt that traditional brick-and-mortar craft retailers were underserving the craft community, making shopping a “joyless” experience.
“We saw a significant hole in the market,” Dickerson said.
The craft-supplies marketplace will have a listing fee, similar to the fees in place for sellers on the Etsy platform.
Shares of Etsy have gained 11% in the past three months, compared to the S&P 500's SPX, +0.40% gain of 8%.
Dem birds got nuff things in common
Birds of a feather always flock together. Exxon, Jagdeo, Harmon and Greenidge is one set of birds.
Dem got de same thing in common. When Jagdeo was president and anybody dare criticize him, dem would get knock off, transfer or stifle in de job.
In cases of people who dem can't knock off or transfer when they got a state function, they don't invite dem. And they would mek sure dem don't get invitation.
They accuse Khemraj of carrying info to de US embassy and when Khemraj tell them they lie Jagdeo knock them out from de PPP.
Then they use Moses fuh campaign then knock they out too.
They do that to Ralph Ramkarran and many others. Ralph decides to challenge fuh de presidency and Jagdeo put a ban on all their invitations to state functions.
That is de nature of de man. Harmon and Greenidge got de same attitude. Dem stop talking to people who challenge dem, who expose dem, and who criticise dem.
In one case a man get knock off because somebody tells Harmon how de man talk they name.
Greenidge stop talking to some of they staff who tell dem boys they do talk dem reporters name.
They mek two reporters go to de Waterfalls boss man home one Sunday morning and wake them up because Greenidge tell dem how de Waterfalls paper blackmailing ExxonMobil.
They tell dem de newspaper boss man got a company wha Exxon refuse to give jobs. They tell dem reporters how de govt gun expose de situation very soon.
Couple weeks pass and Greenidge nor they kavakamites can't expose de story, yet. Dem boys waiting.
Exxon is no different from dem. When dem vex wid you dem don't invite you. Saturday dem invite reporters who never seh a bad word much less criticize dem fuh anything, to go pun dem rig.
Dem didn't invite de Waterfalls paper. See de things in common? Is that same attitude dem carry in all dem countries wheh dem find oil and rob de people blind.
Dem boys seh invitation or no invitation, love or no love, dem will continue to be de watch daag fuh de people of this country.
Talk half and wait fuh hear wha Soulja Bai gun seh.
An 82-year-old woman is suing a Red Lobster in Texas for getting them so drunk that they fell in the parking lot, breaking both their hip and arm.
According to the suit filed in Harris County on Monday, Marlene Spencer had a 0.31 blood alcohol level when they left the seafood restaurant back in March – when they allege the incident happened.
Spencer, who lives in a Brookdale Senior Living center nearby, was taken to the hospital after they fell in the Red Lobster parking lot. The 113-pound woman broke their right hip, right arm, and hit their head on the ground, WGAL reports.
Once Spencer was admitted to the hospital, they stayed six days and had to undergo a complete hip replacement, the suit says.
This isn't the first time Red Lobster has been accused of over-serving their patrons. The suit claims Spencer's daughter had spoken with the management at Red Lobster several times about over serving their mother.
“This was an ongoing problem that Ms. Spencer's daughter tried to quell, but to no avail,” the suit says. “This has been a recurring problem with multiple Brookdale residents.”
WGAL reports the Texas Red Lobster being accused refused to comment and redirected inquiries to a national spokeperson for Red Lobster, who did not immediately respond.
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
Nigerians keying into shopping in malls
Nigeria is presently experiencing consumer revolution with large shopping malls opening up in various parts of the country with positive implications on job creations and taxes, especially in Lagos where the state government emphasises tax payment.
In Lagos alone, there are several shopping malls located in strategic corners with more expected. Analysts say some of the factors driving opening of shopping centres include one-stop shop experience, shopping convenience, Nigerian consumers are becoming brand conscious and the need for ever busy Nigerians who want to shop after close of work.
On the increase in the number of shopping malls in the country in recent times, Manager of the Lagos City Mall, Ibukun Efuntayo & Co has said the increase was good for the Nigerian economy.
They said more than five upscale shopping malls have opened shops in the country while some existing ones are expanding their outlets across the length and breadth of the country.
For instance, Shoprite, a leading South Africa mass retail supermarket, has been opening more outlets in the country, following its successful debut in Lekki, Lagos in 2005 while Spar, another hypermarket, which also begun operations in the country in the 2000s has expanded to enhance shopping experience of Nigerians among others.
Mr. Emmanuel Efuntayo, Chief Executive Officer, Ibukun Efuntayo & Co said the coming of the new malls signposts positive investor confidence in Nigeria's economy. They stated that as much as the malls provided convenient shopping experience to shoppers, it will also provide job opportunities for Nigerians and boost government tax revenues.
They attributed the rise in number of shopping malls in the country to changing lifestyle as more people find it more convenient to purchase all their needs in one shop than go from shop to shop.
“The coming of these malls is good for our economy. It goes on to show that our economy is developing and that we have the population that can support these malls. Shopping malls provide that convenience where shoppers can buy all that they want under the same roof while being entertained at the same time, so it's good especially for those upwardly mobile people.
Beside all these benefits, the malls provide direct employment to thousands of Nigerians and that is a good development,” Mr. Efuntayo said.
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
New security measures have been added to three parks in Reading after an “exceptionally high” number of illegal Traveller camps were set up in 2016.
Reading Borough Council has been forced to spend £25,000 on new protection at Prospect Park in Tilehurst and two parks in Coley after repeated visits from a number of different families.
Prospect Park now has wooden posts and rail fencing along sections of the boundary of Tilehurst Road. Weak spots in the fencing have also been repaired.
Reading parks to ramp up security measures to stop illegal Traveller camps
In January, height barriers were installed at the park's main car park on the drive from Liebenrood Road, as well as more new fencing around the barriers.
Work is also continuing on creating new earth mound defences along the north side of the drive from Liebenrood Road.
The council revealed the plans in November and work has been carried out at the parks over the course of the winter.
Once these are completed, grass will be sewed into the mounds to make them blend in with the rest of the park.
Reading West MP Alok Sharma was so frustrated with the repeated incursions they began working on changing the laws around Traveller eviction.
Plans are also in place to carry out maintenance to all the existing wooden posts and fences along the other side of the drive towards the Mansion House.
Councillor Liz Terry, Reading's lead member for neighbourhoods, said: "Prospect Park experienced an exceptionally high number of incursions during the summer of 2016 and this is something we are committed to preventing this year.
"The work completed so far shows our commitment to solving this problem.
"There is still work to be done, but hopefully the work that has been completed so far will make a difference this year. We listened to the concerns of local residents and have acted to protect the open spaces we all value from future incursions."
New knee rail fencing will be built along the St Saviours Road boundary of Coley Recreation Ground too.
Other work includes adding lockable bollards to protect a small opening along the Holybrook Road boundary, opposite Shaw Road.
At Courage Park, soil mounds will soon be formed along the boundary in Edenham Crescent, as well as a height barrier at the car park entrance.
Trenching work also started last week to install cable for two new street lights to improve visibility.
Cllr Paul Gittings, lead member for with responsibility for parks, added: "We are making every effort to secure council-owned land where possible to prevent incursions.
"Along with the disturbance to residents, the cost to tax payers of incursions is considerable, factoring in council officer and police time, the necessary legal action and the amount of mess often left behind that has to be cleared.
Reading West MP Alok Sharma working with police over Traveller law changes
"We've made excellent progress so far installing new measures to prevent groups gaining access to our public spaces in the future.
"I'd like to thank all those involved in completing these new measures at Prospect Park and I look forward to seeing similar measures in other vulnerable open areas in Reading."
Travellers also set up camp in Palmer Park in Wokingham Road, but no security improvements have been made there.
The Real Estate Board of New York has inked a deal to display its newly syndicated Residential Listing Service on Realtor.com, it said Monday.
The deal comes as listing site StreetEasy, has begun charging brokers $3 a day per rental listing. The listings were previously free.
If brokers don't pay, their listings still show up, with the words “unavailable,” even though the listings are available — just not on the StreetEasy pay-for-play site. Sales listings are still free.
REBNY's new deal will provide all of its RLS sales and rental listings in a new, updated format, to Realtor.com.
Realtor.com, a rival to StreetEasy, is owned by News Corp., the parent of The Post.
“This is about giving the best and cleanest data to the biggest group for the greatest competitive opportunity for the consumer to make a deal,” John Banks, president of REBNY, told the Post.
President Donald Trump is adding another lawyer to their outside legal team: Joseph diGenova, a former US attorney who has promoted the theory that the FBI and Justice Department conspired to frame Trump.
DiGenova will be joining Trump's legal team later in the week, according to Jay Sekulow, one of Trump's current lawyers.
"I have worked with Joe for many years and have full confidence that they will be a great asset in our representation of the President," Sekulow said in a statement to BuzzFeed News.
The New York Times first reported that the president planned to hire diGenova. DiGenova did not return a request for comment, and a spokesperson for Sekulow did not respond to questions about what diGenova's role would be and why they were being brought on now.
DiGenova will join Sekulow and John Dowd, who is the president's lead attorney in connection with special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation.
DiGenova has joined in the president's criticism of Mueller's investigation. In a January interview on Fox News, diGenova said that the revelation of anti-Trump text messages between FBI agent Peter Strzok — who was removed by Mueller from working on the Russia probe — and attorney Lisa Page were proof of "a brazen plot to illegally exonerate Hillary Clinton and, if they didn't win the election, to then frame Donald Trump with a falsely created crime."
DiGenova has also shared the president's disdain for former FBI director James Comey — Comey was "out of control," diGenova said in a May 2017 interview on Fox News — and Comey's former deputy, Andrew McCabe. On March 15, diGenova was on Fox News calling for McCab'e firing. Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced the following day that they had fired McCabe, citing findings by the Justice Department's inspector general's office that McCabe made an "unauthorized disclosure to the news media" and "lacked candor."
McCabe released a statement saying they were "being singled out and treated this way because of the role I played, the actions I took, and the events I witnessed in the aftermath of the firing of James Comey." They were fired two days before they were set to retire; it isn't clear yet how the firing could affect their pension.
News of diGenova's hiring comes on the heels of a weekend that saw Dowd call for an end to Mueller's probe, in light of McCabe's firing. That was followed by a statement on Sunday from Ty Cobb, the White House lawyer handling matters related to Mueller's probe, saying that Trump "is not considering or discussing the firing of the Special Counsel, Robert Mueller.”
DiGenova brings firsthand experience running a special investigation. From 1992 to 1995, they served as a court-appointed independent counsel, leading an investigation into how officials in former president George H.W. Bush's administration searched then-presidential candidate Bill Clinton's passport files in response to unsubstantiated rumors that Clinton at one time tried to renounce their US citizenship. DiGenova in 1995 cleared the Bush administration officials of any criminal wrongdoing.
In a 2013 interview with Washington Lawyer, diGenova said of the independent counsel setup: "Nothing good is going to come from giving a lawyer a case, an unlimited budget, and a single target."
Mueller's position as special counsel is in some ways similar to the independent counsels of the past — Mueller's office was created for a particular investigation and is supposed to operate independently of Justice Department oversight on a day-to-day basis — but it differs in that Mueller ultimately must answer to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, the highest DOJ official who isn't, as Sessions is, recused from the Russia investigation. The independent counsel statute expired in 1999.
DiGenova runs a law firm with their wife, Victoria Toensing. Toensing had been representing former Trump legal team spokesperson Mark Corallo as recently as last month, when Corallo spoke with Mueller's office. Toensing and Corallo did not immediately return requests for comment. The New York Times also noted that Toensing represented former Trump campaign cochair Sam Clovis and Erik Prince, who founded the private security firm formerly known as Blackwater USA and served as an adviser to Trump.
My mom came out onto stage with me for the first few shows of the Rainbow tour to help me sing the song “Godzilla,” which they wrote with me. We wrote a big portion of my new record together and they are the one who taught me how to write songs when I was a kid. They always believed in me, which I'm so grateful for.
FLORIDA (CBS Local) – A woman in Florida has gone viral for all the wrong reasons after getting caught shaving their legs in a hotel pool.
In a video posted to Reddit, the swimmer was outed by fellow pool-goers who can be heard commenting on the public shaving. The May 27 post was quickly up-voted by over 55,000 Reddit users.
Several people commenting on Reddit claimed this personal hygiene foul is just the tip of the iceberg at public pools across the country. “Yeah I used to work at a public pool and for whatever reason they attract the worst of humanity. I would never swim in a public pool after that experience,” one person alleged.
“My leg hurts from running too much and I was considering becoming a swimmer at my local YMCA,” another reader added. “After reading this comment. Nope. I'd rather run on my sprained knee.”
Although the Internet's “court of public opinion” is largely in agreement that the unidentified swimmer committed a serious pool no-no, Florida doesn't actually have rules against shaving in a public swimming area.
As of now, the 2017 Winter Classic is scheduled to start on time, at 1pm EST, but due to inclement weather in St. Louis, the game between the Blues and Chicago Blackhawks could be delayed in myriad and confusing ways.
The NHL has laid out several contingency plans for weather stoppage, including postponing the game until Tuesday, January 3rd if needed.
If the game is started, and stopped permanently due to unplayable weather conditions, and fewer than two periods of regular time has been played, the game will be officially “postponed” and, if possible, will be played in its entirety at Busch Stadium on Tuesday, January 3. If the game cannot be replayed at Busch Stadium on January 3, it will be rescheduled at Scottrade Center for a date to be determined later in the season.
But, if two full periods have been played, things start to get weird and complicated.
If the game is started, then stopped permanently due to unplayable weather conditions, it will be deemed “official” once two periods have been played. The team leading at the time play is stopped will be declared the winner and will be awarded two points in the standings.
Even more frustrating, if the score is tied after two full periods have been played and the ice isn't deemed safe for a shootout, the Blues and Blackhawks will hold the shootout the next time they're regularly scheduled to meet, which is on February 26.
If weather conditions permit, the shootout will be conducted at Busch Stadium immediately after regulation play has been stopped. If weather conditions make it impossible to conduct a shootout safely at Busch Stadium, the shootout will take place at United Center on Sunday, February 26 prior to the regularly scheduled St. Louis-Chicago game, with St. Louis deemed the home club for shootout purposes only.
That means we're looking at a scenario where the game could finish on the 2nd, the 3rd, or almost two months from now, on February 26th. Fingers crossed the rain holds out a bit and we can wrap this one up quickly.
By Tommy Osborne, February 2 2018 —
On Feb. 1, the University of Calgary Dinos hosted the Mount Royal Cougars for the annual Pack the Jack basketball game. The Dinos proved they're a force to be reckoned with, firing on all cylinders en route to destroying the Cougars 107–54. The Dinos increased their current winning streak to six games and now look to ride a wave of momentum into the playoffs, which begin Feb. 10.
The Dinos set the tone for the game early in the first quarter, as fifth-year guard/forward Brianna Ghali drilled a three-pointer only seven seconds in. The Dinos followed up with a stellar defensive shift, forcing a shot-clock violation on the Cougars. The Dinos then made two consecutive three-pointers, jumping ahead to a quick 9–0 lead. The Cougars cut that to 9–2 but that was the closest the game would be, as the Dinos raced ahead and ended the first quarter with a decisive 28–7 lead.
Head coach Damian Jennings said that the Dinos' aggressive defence set their forceful approach early in the game.
“When you're hitting threes it's a real challenge because we set ourselves up often to protect a certain part of the court,” they said. “As soon as you're able to pull out the defense of another team because you make those threes suddenly the interior gaps start to open up. You start to get the nice complement of inside-outside game.”
The Dinos' second quarter was just as impressive as their first, as their offensive onslaught of points and swarming defence continued. Halfway through the second, the Dinos built up a 40–16 lead. The rest of the first half belonged to the Dinos, bringing them into the second half with a 54–17 lead. Three dinos guards/forwards — second-year Bobbi Jo Colburn, third-year Erin Mcintosh and Ghali — finished the first half with double digits points.
The Dinos' well-balanced approach was a result of the team's great chemistry both on and off the court, according to Jennings.
“You're seeing an expression of a group that love and care for and trust each other,” they said.
The Dinos started the third quarter sluggishly, allowing a 10-point run by the Cougars, bringing the game to 54–27. However, they quickly retaliated with a 13-point run of their own. Fifth-year guard/forward Shannon Hatch secured an eight-point run towards the end of the third which included back-to-back three-pointers and an impressive lay-up where they blew by the defender. By the end of the third, the Dinos built up a cozy 79–37 lead.
Despite the game's predictable outcome, the fourth quarter remained exciting. With the Dinos nearing 100 points towards the end of the game, fans went crazy anytime a shot went up — especially by Colburn, who was approaching 30 points on the night. In the final minutes of the game, they landed a three-pointer, putting the Dinos into triple-digit score.
Jennings was impressed with Colburn's drive and ambition.
“[Colburn] is very ambitiously trying to be that complete player. They got the ball turned over well for us and then she's on the end of the fastbreak. To score 30 the way they did was an excellent performance,” they said.
The Dinos ended the night with a 107–54 victory, improving their record to 14–5 and dropping the Cougars to 1–18 on the season.
Jennings said that while the Pack the Jack fans boosted the Dinos' motivation, they want to play every game just as hard.
“With this team there could be no one in the gym or there could be 2000 but they have enough ambition to play well for themselves,” they said. “[The student population have] always been great supporters of us and we should be proud of it. This is the University of Calgary. I know Mount Royal is a university as well but I just think that we are the city's [dominant] university.”
The Dinos will face the Cougars again tomorrow at Mount Royal University at 6 p.m. in their final game of the regular season. The Dinos' playoffs start on Feb. 10.
Comments
For an optimal navigation, the RFI website requires JavaScript to be enabled in your browser.
To take full advantage of multimedia content, you must have the Flash plugin installed in your browser.
To connect, you need to enable cookies in your browser settings.
For an optimal navigation, the RFI site is compatible with the following browsers: Internet Explorer 8 and above, Firefox 10 and +, Safari 3+, Chrome 17 and + etc.
McCray recognized for 2nd place art win at Striped Bass Festival
Last Updated: May 28, 2018 at 9:52 am
Clarendon School District 2 Board Chairman Arthur Moyd, left, and Superintendent John Tindal, right, recognized student Llani McCray, center, during the board's regular meeting held May 22 for receiving winning second place with their artwork at the recent Striped Bass Festival.
Hallmark whiffs on bland 'Witch' project This new Hallmark Channel show is pretty weak stuff, much like the herbal tea brewed up by its titular hero. Don't be fooled by the title of “Good Witch” —...
Girl power spans the dial thanks to 'Wives,' 'Glee,' 'Liars' Girls rule this week on TV: “American Dad” (Sunday, 7:30 p.m., Fox): For the episode titled “Introducing the Naughty Stewardesses,” the flight attendants in question are played by Olivia Wilde...
'Army Wives' gets a rare series sendoff Life as a military family means there's not always time to say goodbye. So perhaps it's fitting that “Army Wives,” Lifetime's longest-running series, was cancelled last September after its seventh...
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. — For several years after the Mets signed them as a 16-year-old out of the Dominican Republic, Amed Rosario was viewed as the next big thing for the organization. Here was a can't-miss guy.
“It's a blessing to be that person, somebody the organization has faith in, your teammates look at and say, ‘This guy is going to be real good,' ” said teammate Michael Conforto, who heard and lived through much of the same. “But it comes with a lot surrounding it, a lot of expectation.”
So when Rosario jumped to the majors last season, people expected much. Maybe too much. The shortstop did not blow everyone away, but showed enough to encourage: a .248 average with four homers in 46 games. And that was while showing the patience of a caffeinated first-grader: three walks in 165 at-bats. With more work, the noise might not seem so farfetched.
“He just shows you they want to be better and wants to work within the team. When you have a kid like that, young, talented, comes to play hard every day and do what's best for the team, you feel proud about it,” veteran Asdrubal Cabrera said. “He knows how to play. They come to learn. He's not afraid to ask people what they have to do to get better.”
The area of needed improvement Rosario hears about most is “patience.” In 30 at-bats through 12 spring training games, Rosario, 22, is hitting .265 with one homer, three doubles.
And one walk.
“My strike zone,” Rosario said, pinpointing their work area. “Last year my strike zone was way too big. So I tried to put in a small one. Last year I was swinging at too many pitches out through the zone. This year I want to stay with my plan, only swing at good pitches.”
Patience is also a watchword for manager Mickey Callaway. They know Rosario won't change overnight.
“He's going to chase at times, but he's done a good job trying not to. He's getting better at that. We can't expect them to all of a sudden be a different player. He's maturing. He'll get a lot better. He's doing the little things right,” Callaway said, noting Rosario's spring “has been impressive.”
So prepare the checklist: Show patience, drown out the noise, stay healthy.
“I'm not trying to put any pressure on myself. This spring has been pretty good. I'm working hard, feeling great, feeling healthy,” Rosario said, emphasizing the health after they lost eight games to injury and illness following their Aug. 1 call-up. “I hope I stay healthy during the season, then I think I can show the people that I can play.”
They already have.
“He's working on patience. He's such a natural hitter, such a talented hand-eye guy they were good enough to get away with it at the lower levels. It's a blessing and a curse to be that good,” Conforto said.
“I see the work they put in every day,” mentor Jose Reyes said. “When you're a young player, you've got to work on everything. When you're young, you can be a little too aggressive at home plate. When I came up, I was the same, too aggressive. Patience is key. He's going to get it.”
Pete Marovich/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) — In the days after the firing of FBI Director James Comey, Acting Director Andrew McCabe wrote a confidential memo documenting a discussion they had with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, according to a source familiar with the matter.
Details of the memo were first reported by The New York Times.
ABC News has not seen the memo, but according to the source, it describes what Rosenstein told McCabe: that President Donald Trump wanted Rosenstein to include a reference to Russia in their memo criticizing Comey. In the end, Rosentein's May 9, 2017, memo, which was used by Trump as a basis for firing Comey, did not mention Russia. Instead, Rosenstein's memo focused on Comey's handling of the Clinton email investigation.
The suggestion that the president requested the memo mention the Russia investigation could provide ammunition to any allegation that Trump fired Comey in part to impede the investigation. However, the Times report also suggests alternative explanations, such as Trump's desire to make clear they were not the target of the Russia probe.
McCabe wrote multiple memos, including some related to the president, and all of them are now in the hands of special counsel Robert Mueller, according to the source.
McCabe was fired just days before their retirement after a finding by the Justice Department's Inspector General that they “lacked candor” when talking to internal investigators about their role in a disclosure to the media.
Mueller's team is investigating Comey's firing and whether anyone may have sought to obstruct justice, sources have told ABC News.
The McCabe memo describing their meeting with Rosenstein underscores the unusual position the deputy attorney general is in — they are overseeing the Mueller probe while also being a potential witness in the investigation.
Rosenstein was interviewed by Mueller's team last summer.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Former President, Goodluck Jonathan has spoken of their party, PDP's preparedness for the 2019 presidential elections. They said Buhari and their APC party cannot beat PDP. The media aides of president Buhari went to visit them in London. General Overseer o...
A funeral effigy of Catherine Sheffield, Duchess of Buckingham from 1735, left, and a funeral effigy of Robert Sheffield, Marquess of Normandy.
An image of "The Coronation Theatre: Portrait of Them Majesty Queen Elizabeth II 2012" by Ralph Heimans.
A funeral effigy of Queen Anne (1740) appears to look towards "The Coronation Theatre: Portrait of Them Majesty Queen Elizabeth II" (2012) by Ralph Heimans in the Queen's Diamond Jubilee gallery.
LONDON — Westminster Abbey, one of London's most famous tourist sites, is opening up an area previously closed to the public to show off 300 items, including Prince William's marriage license, to chronicle its 1,000-year history.
The Queen's Diamond Jubilee Galleries are in the 13th-century triforium, some 52 feet above the floor of the church used for royal coronations and weddings as well as a resting place for famous Britons.
From the Westminster Retable altarpiece to Prince William and Kate Middleton's marriage license, the items are exhibited along four themes: “Building Westminster Abbey,” “Worship and Daily Life,” “Westminster Abbey and the Monarchy” and “The Abbey and National Memory.”
“It's the first time that we've ever, in the history of the abbey, had the public up here,” Vanessa Simeoni, head conservator at Westminster Abbey, told Reuters. “Quite a few of the objects … have never been displayed before.”
The galleries, from which visitors can look down into the abbey as well as outside at the nearby Houses of Parliament, open on June 11.
As a racecourse, Doncaster has had its nose put out of joint more often than it might care for in recent years.
Traditionally, the Town Moor track has opened the Flat season via its Lincoln Handicap meeting, and also closed the campaign, via its November Handicap meeting.
But the kudos of both events has been compromised by the decisions, albeit understandable ones, to delay the start of the Flat jockeys' championship until the Guineas meeting at Newmarket in May and to create a grand, new finale to the season, Champions' Day at Ascot. What's more, the prestige of Donny's main event of the year, the St Leger Festival has also been affected by clashes with Irish racing's new Champions Weekend.
However, anyone who is led to believe the south Yorkshire course is losing its influence had better think again. Because its two big Group One contests, the St Leger and the Racing Post Trophy, are standing tall as arguably the two most important races of last season.
The quality and form of the Leger looked good at the time, but subsequent events have lent it an even greater glow, thanks to major Pattern victories for the likes of CRYSTAL OCEAN, STRADIVARIUS, REKINDLING, CORONET and DEFOE, who were all beaten by the winner, CAPRI.
Now the quality and form of the RP Trophy are shining like a beacon in the run-up to the Investec Derby at Epsom Downs on Saturday as we try to unravel the puzzle that will lead us to the 239th winner of the historic race. For the first two home, SAXON WARRIOR and ROARING LION, lock horns again and appear to be the standout colts in a fascinating, competitive field.
Only a neck separated them that day last October, yet the differential between them in the Derby market is comparatively vast, with Aidan O'Brien's colt as short as 4/6 in some places and John Gosden's grey as big as 13/2.
The reason for that, of course, is Saxon Warrior's fine performance in the meantime to land the Qipco 2,000 Guineas, when Roaring Lion was two-and-a-half lengths behind in fifth. Since then, it has been all systems go at Ballydoyle for the winner to double up in the Derby and it must be said that they fit the profile of an Epsom hero perfectly. In terms of class, they are yet to be beaten in four starts, In terms of pedigree, they seem sure to stay as the son of Japanese middle-distance superstar Deep Impact out of a Galileo dam who is related to 2011 Oaks winner Dancing Rain. And in terms of physique, O'Brien has laughed off claims that, because he's such a big-framed colt, they might not be suited to the twists and turns, ups and downs of Epsom.
Advocates of the devil might like to point out that the Guineas form has already taken knocks with disappointing runs by the fourth, Elarqam, and the sixth, Gustav Klimt, in last Saturday's Irish equivalent. They might also like to point out that the speed and turn of foot Saxon Warrior showed when winning the Guineas suggested they were a more of a natural miler than a stamina-laden stayer, which they might need to be if the ground rides Soft this weekend. They might also might like to point out that their dam, Maybe, did not handle Epsom too well when a well beaten favourite in the 2012 Oaks.
Advocates of reason might be taken more seriously than the devil's disciples if they asked if it was not worth, at the prices, taking the favourite on with Roaring Lion? The evidence so far points to there being little between the pair when they are at their peak, which Gosden's charge certainly was not in the Guineas after what the trainer described as “a hard winter” for him. They most certainly was at their best, however, 12 days later when unveiling a textbook performance to land the Dante Stakes at York. Enjoying the move up to 10f, they travelled all over a useful field, cruised into contention and quickened clear from the furlong pole.
The Dante is generally regarded as the strongest of all the Derby trials, and this was unquestionably the classiest performance of all the Derby trials this spring. Their turn of foot had also come to the fore at Doncaster where I am convinced they would have beaten Saxon Warrior but for drifting badly left, caused partly by jockey Oisin Murphy getting over-excited and applying unnecessary force from the saddle, unbalancing their mount. Roaring Lion did tend to drift left again in the Guineas, but the calm and composed way Murphy, who I rate highly, guided them home at York suggests all lessons have been learned.
A measure of how far Gosden's colt has progressed this season can be gauged by their seasonal bow in the Craven Stakes at Newmarket, where they were hammered nine lengths by MASAR and White Mocha. By the Guineas, they had reduced the deficit with the former to three-quarters of a length and by the Dante, they had completely reversed the deficit with the latter, thumping them more than 11 lengths.
My only reservation about Roaring Lion deepens with every drop of rain that falls in Surrey. As a son of Kitten's Joy out of a Street Sense mare, they have a US-based pedigree that screams top of the ground. Although they have run well on a surface with give in it, I fear genuinely Soft would put too much of a strain on their ability to stay this 12f trip.
Such stamina question-marks hover over the Derby every year, although it is a mystery why so many pundits are dismissing the claims on this score of the asupervisorstioned Masar, flagbearer for Godolphin. He's the son of one Derby winner, New Approach, out of a dam who is closely related to two others, Sea The Stars and Galileo. They might have lost more races than they have won, but he's undeniably smart and a horse who, remember, started favourite, ahead of Saxon Warrior, for the Guineas.
Even if Masar doesn't get home, the 2018 Derby is curious in that so many of the runners appear sure to stay. Both YOUNG RASCAL and KNIGHT TO BEHOLD have already proven their distance credentials by winning trials at Chester and Lingfield respectively, while DEE EX BEE, runner-up in the former race, looked a much better animal than previously, as was always expected, for a step-up in trip. Indeed, as a horse who was unlucky at Chester when bumped by Young Rascal and pushed very wide, and one who has already proven themselves at Epsom, Mark Johnston's raider appeals as an/way proposition.
Similar comments apply to Knight To Behold, the best horse ever trained by Harry Dunlop and one who has Epsom writ deep into their pedigree. He's a son of a Derby winner, Sea The Stars, while the dam is a sister to a Derby third. Even the trainer is a son of the mighty John Dunlop, who saddled two Derby victors in their pomp. Interestingly, Knight To Behold beat KEW GARDENS at Lingfield by a similar distance to that with which the O'Brien colt dished out a beating to Dee Ex Bee last October. Kew Gardens did pull off a shoe that day, though, and I would expect them to step up markedly at Epsom.
In-form handler William Haggas, who trained Shaamit to Epsom glory way back in 1996, has made it clear that Young Rascal is considered best on decent ground, although they are improving fast and is owned by Bernard Kantor, boss of race sponsors, Investec.
I suspect the same ground preferences apply to Dermot Weld's HAZAPOUR, another colt with powerful Epsom credentials on their page, given that the dam is a half-sister to Harzand, who won the great race for the same connections two years ago. The Aga Khan-owned colt improved massively on what they had achieved before when quickening smartly to land one of Ireland's most important Derby trials, the Derrinstown at Leopardstown three weeks ago.
This is a race that has been farmed by the O'Brien battalions for many years and yet their three representatives, who may all re-oppose at Epsom, DELANO ROOSEVELT, THE PENTAGON and NELSON, were firmly put in their place. Weld has booked Frankie Dettori for the ride on Saturday and Hazapour has attracted shrewd money all week, which is not surprising considering The Pentagon was the third horse home in that race we began this analysis with, the Racing Post Trophy. Furthermore, Nelson, a tough cookie who is one of the few guaranteed to relish any mud on the Downs, was only a neck behind Roaring Lion in the Royal Lodge Stakes at HQ last autumn. Piece all that form together, and there is a very persuasive case to be made for Hazapour if, and it's a big if, Soft ground does not blunt their speed.
There's no doubt the rain has put the cat among the pigeons of the chances of many of the challengers to Saxon Warrior's apparent invincibility. At the same time, it has merely strengthened the view of those who consider O'Brien's colt to be a certainty, en route to a crack at that elusive Triple Crown, via the Leger, which would bring us, ever so neatly, back to Doncaster.
INVESTEC DERBY (Saturday 4.30)
1 ROARING LION
2 HAZAPOUR
3 SAXON WARRIOR
4 Knights TO BEHOLD
INVESTEC OAKS (Friday 4.30)
1 WILD ILLUSION
2 GIVE AND Takes
3 PERFECT CLARITY
LEBANON, Ohio (WDTN) – The man convicted of shooting their father and a Warren County deputy in 2016 was sentenced to prison Wednesday.
The Warren County Prosecutor's Office said Wednesday Mohammed Abdou Laghaoui, 20, of Deerfield Township, was sentenced to 36 years in prison
Laghaoui was found guilty of attempted aggravated murder, attempted murder and other charges in April.
On June 9, 2016, Deputy Katie Barnes and Sergeant William Langdon of the Warren County Sheriff's Office were dispatched, for the second time that evening on a domestic complaint, to the 8500 block of Jonathan Lane in Deerfield Township.
READ MORE: UPDATE: Suspected Warren Co. shooter in custody
When they arrived, Deputy Barnes approached the residence and was immediately confronted by Laghaoui who fired at least seven shots from an AK-47 style assault rifle at Deputy Barnes, striking them in the abdominal region, and ran from the area.
Laghaoui also fired two shots at a neighbor who attempted to follow them from the scene. The neighbor was not injured.
Sergeant Langdon went to the entrance of The Orchards of Landen Apartments and met Deputy Barnes. They were moved to Kroger on U.S. Route 22 where they were taken to The University of Cincinnati Hospital.
Deputy Edward Pangallo found Laghaoui's father, Abdessadek Laghaoui, who suffered a major gunshot wound to their hand when Laghaoui shot through the door of their father's apartment when they could not get inside.
Numerous police agencies responded to the area to assist with the search for Laghaoui. All area businesses and locations were placed on lock down due to the active shooter situation.
James “Jes” Staley's hiring as chief executive officer of Barclays Plc in 2015 came with a sense of déjà vu. Three years earlier, the U.K. establishment drummed out Bob Diamond, the American architect of Barclays's investment bank who'd risen to CEO. Now another New Englander steeped in Wall Street risk-taking had come to London with a similar playbook focused on growing the bank's securities unit.
More than two years later, Staley is racing to avoid the same fate as Diamond. First, the U.K.'s Financial Conduct Authority is considering whether they can keep their job after they tried to find out the identity of a whistleblower who raised concerns about one of their hires. Should Staley survive that threat, they face a countdown to convince skeptics their bet on building a trans-Atlantic investment banking powerhouse will succeed, according to executives, board members, and shareholders interviewed for this article.
Staley has faced down calls to spin off or radically shrink the investment bank, arguing it serves as a valuable counterweight to the consumer and credit card businesses that may be vulnerable to any slowdown in the U.K. economy after Brexit. Barclays is the country's second-biggest bank by assets, and investment banking was about half of its revenues in 2017.
“Expansion in investment banking won't pay off because there's too much excess capacity,” says Davide Serra, CEO of Algebris Investments, which owns about $500 million of Barclays debt and doesn't hold equity in any U.K. banks. “Staley's doing what they can, given the challenges, but the potential hit from Brexit and the difficulties faced by all European investment banks are beyond their control.” Strategy and the disruption of leaving the European Union aside, a list of distractions has prompted one of the bank's largest investors to dub Barclays “the English patient”: legal issues on both sides of the Atlantic, dissenters on the board, and mixed messages from Chairman John McFarlane.
Staley's newest challenge comes in the form of activist Edward Bramson, whose Sherborne Investors emerged this week as one of Barclays's biggest shareholders. Bramson is keen to push for change at the bank, says a person familiar with their views who asked not to be identified.
The board will review progress at the investment banking unit during a meeting in New York in November, according to people familiar with its plans. If evidence of a path to sustainable profitability isn't established by then, Staley's strategy to boost risk and give more of the bank's capital to traders will be questioned, the people say, asking not to be identified because they aren't authorized to speak publicly.
It's not only Staley who's on the line. Before hiring him, McFarlane said they favored shrinking the investment bank, maintaining or increasing the dividend paid to investors, and buying more of Barclays's profitable Africa business. Staley reversed all those positions. The moves left at least one large investor fuming at what they described as a betrayal of the expectations the chairperson had set. McFarlane's boldest goal was to double the share price in three years, but with just a few months until the July 10 deadline for that target, the stock is down about 16 percent. Staley and McFarlane declined to comment for this article.
Barclays and its long-suffering shareholders have been through big shifts in direction before. Diamond left after Barclays was fined for manipulating the London interbank offered rate, the benchmark used to set interest rates on loans. (Diamond wasn't implicated in wrongdoing.) Antony Jenkins, their successor, was nicknamed “Saint Antony” for their focus on cleaning up the bank's culture and reducing risk at the securities unit. Staley, by contrast, once seen as a potential heir to Jamie Dimon at JPMorgan Chase & Co., set about rebuilding an investment bank to compete with the best on Wall Street and to poach market share from European rivals in disarray. They and investment bank chief Tim Throsby pledged to reignite “commercial zeal,” telling employees to take more risk and “step up” for clients they'd been turning away during five years of retrenchment.
Leading the rebuilding effort are Staley and their inner circle—a quartet nicknamed “the Beatles” by some internally. Along with Staley, there's Paul Compton, chief operating officer; C.S. “Venkat” Venkatakrishnan, chief risk officer; and Tushar Morzaria, finance director. All formerly worked at JPMorgan. So far, their results haven't matched their rhetoric. In the fixed-income trading business, market share dropped to 6.2 percent last year in dollar terms, from 6.9 percent in 2016, data from Bloomberg Intelligence show. Under Bob Diamond in 2007, the business had more than 14 percent of the market, according to analysts at Citigroup Inc.
Barclays also lost ground in equities, an area Staley and Throsby have earmarked for investment, finishing in last place for the third straight year among the world's largest trading houses. The declines came even after the company pumped an additional £40 billion ($56 billion) of assets into its trading portfolio last year.
Of the greatest concern to investors is the investment bank division's anemic profitability. It returned 1.1 percent on equity last year, a tenth the level at the U.K. retail unit and far below the 16.7 percent return generated by the bank's international credit card business. Analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. wrote in February that the securities unit may have trouble meeting targets, even if revenue rises 50 percent this year. “We continue to be skeptics of Barclays's strategy, ” says Richard Smith, an analyst at KBW in London. “The pressure on management must be intense.”
The future of the investment bank has been high on the board's agenda for years. Late last summer at Cliveden House, a sprawling Palladian mansion on the banks of the River Thames 30 miles from London, they discussed the feasibility and costs of spinning off the division after separating it financially from the retail bank's operations, two people with knowledge of the meeting say. Heads of various bank functions have been asked to model what it would cost to split their support operations in two, a necessary precursor to such a transaction. So far, the discussions have been only theoretical, the people say, but absent material improvement by November, this could change.
On the board, divisions have widened over Staley's plan to allot more capital to the trading businesses. At least two directors argue there's been a structural decline in investment banking earnings because of new capital rules and tougher regulations, rather than just a cyclical slump, according to two people familiar with the board's discussions.
Investors and board members also question if Barclays has the scale to compete after years of underinvestment. Two of those interviewed say it's unlikely the company will be able to generate acceptable returns while mired in eighth position in terms of revenue in Bloomberg Intelligence's global investment bank rankings. “It could take a prolonged period of time to turn around the struggling investment bank, rather than the quick two- to three-year plan outlined by management,” Citigroup analysts led by Andrew Coombs said in a March 13 report.
Jes Staley poses for a photograph in Davos, Jan. 25. Photographer: Simon Dawson/Bloomberg
After a dismal 2017, this year looks somewhat better. Staley has spoken bullishly about the prospects for the markets desks during meetings, according to two of the bank's largest investors. In an interview in Davos in January, they said a pickup in volatility this year “will be very positive for our trading business.” The bank's shares got a boost after it said it would return the dividend to where it was, at 6.5 pence a share, before Staley cut it two years ago, and even held out the prospect of a share buyback in the future.
For some shareholders, including Sherborne, which invested £580 million for 5.2 percent of Barclays's voting rights, the bank's low valuation presented an opportunity. Sherborne's Bramson has a record of targeting smaller British financial firms and seeking to influence strategy from within, often by seeking board representation. Sherborne sees an opportunity to double the stock price through a turnaround, says the person familiar with Bramson's views.
Tiger Global, which bought $1 billion of Barclays stock in November, also sees the bank as a bargain—whether Staley and their team can fix the investment bank or not, according to people familiar with the firm's reasoning. With the stock trading at about two-thirds of the book value of the company's assets, they're betting its valuation can improve. Others agree. “They will recover to book value,” says Alan Beaney, a director at RC Brown Investment Management, who's held Barclays shares since 2012. “They generate a lot of cash, and at some stage their legacy legal issues will be sorted out. If Staley can grow market share in the investment bank, that's a bonus on top, but we're not counting on it.”
There are bright spots. Barclays is set to save about $1 billion in interest expense in the next year as it refinances expensive crisis-era debt—issued in 2008 when the bank was close to collapse—at today's much lower rates. Also, President Donald Trump's cut to corporate tax rates promises to increase earnings at the lender, which, after acquiring Lehman Brothers out of bankruptcy in 2008, makes about a third of its income in the U.S.
Still, pending legal issues could erode those benefits. Barclays is engaged in a legal battle with the U.S. Department of Justice, which is seeking a fine over the sale of toxic mortgage bonds. (In negotiations with the Justice Department, the bank sought to cap the penalty at $2 billion, Bloomberg News reported in 2016.) In the U.K., the Serious Fraud Office has charged the company over its fundraising from the Middle East at the height of the financial crisis; the company has said it intends to defend itself on the charges. Then there's the probe into Staley's whistleblower actions. “The problem with Barclays, as always, is that it's mired in controversy,” Beaney says. “They seem to wander from one disaster into another.”
— With assistance by Hayley Warren
The blanket of snow yesterday created picturesque scenes and hours of fun for children across West Suffolk.
Following an appeal on social media, the Bury Free Press received a flurry of photos of the winter wonderland scenes.
See a selection of the pictures in this video.
Image copyright Police Scotland/MJ Richardson Image caption Jamie Roy went missing from Glasgow Royal Infirmary
A remand prisoner who was reported missing from Glasgow Royal Infirmary has been traced.
Jamie Roy, 24, went missing from Glasgow Royal Infirmary at about 23:00 on Wednesday. They were being held on remand at the city's Barlinnie Prison.
Police Scotland had said they were not believed to be a threat to the public but that they should not be approached.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
FACEBOOK TAKING MONEY FOR HOAX ADVERTS DESPITE FAKE NEWS CRACKDOWN PLEDGE
Facebook is promoting paid-for hoaxes about Lord Sugar, Professor Stephen Hawking and the Queen to its users despite recent promises to crack down on fake news, a Press Association investigation has found.
The world's biggest social network was found to be taking money from hoaxers who place the misleading adverts in the right column of newsfeed, where it is less clear to users how to block or report them.
When made aware of the hoax adverts, a Facebook spokesperson said the company works "constantly to reduce any type of misinformation".
WILLIAM: WE WANT OUR CHILDREN TO EXPRESS THEIR FEELINGS
The Duke of Cambridge has called for an end to the "stiff upper lip" culture, saying they want Prince George and Princess Charlotte to be able to talk about their emotions.
It comes after Prime Minister Theresa May praised their brother, Prince Harry, for their bravery in revealing that they sought counselling to come to terms with the death of their mother Diana, Princess of Wales.
William also highlighted the importance of role models opening up about their mental health and welcomed grime artist Stormzy speaking out about suffering from depression.
GOVERNMENT SPEEDING UP APPEALS PROCESS FOR THOSE TRYING TO STAY IN UK
Thousands of appeals lodged by foreign criminals and asylum seekers battling to stay in Britain will be fast-tracked under government proposals.
On Tuesday ministers will unveil plans for a new process to speed up cases lodged by overseas nationals held in detention, and accelerate the removal of those with no right to remain.
The rules would apply to detainees who appeal against a Home Office decision to remove them from the country, including foreign offenders and failed asylum seekers.
LABOUR BENEFITS BOOST PLEDGE TO 'UNSUNG HEROES' WHO CARE FOR RELATIVES
Around one million "unsung heroes" who care for vulnerable relatives will be given a £10-a-week benefits boost under the first year of a Labour government, Jeremy Corbyn will announce.
Conservative cuts to inheritance tax would be scrapped to pay for the 17% hike in Carer's Allowance, the Labour leader will say during a visit to Birmingham.
Weekly payments would rise from £62.70 a week to £73.10, which would bring the rate into line with Jobseeker's Allowance.
NORTH KOREA: US IS CREATING A SITUATION FOR NUCLEAR WAR
North Korea's deputy United Nations ambassador has accused the United States of turning the Korean Peninsula into "the world's biggest hotspot" and creating "a dangerous situation in which a thermonuclear war may break out at any moment".
Kim In Ryong told a news conference that "if the US dares opt for a military action", North Korea "is ready to react to any mode of war desired by the US".
They said the Trump administration's deployment of the Carl Vinson nuclear carrier task group to waters off the Korean Peninsula again "proves the US reckless moves for invading the DPRK have reached a serious phase of its scenario".
WOULD-BE PRESIDENTS RALLY SUPPORTERS IN PARIS
Far-right candidate Marine Le Pen has pumped up supporters with themes like immigration and national identity at their Paris rally as France's unpredictable presidential campaign nears its finish with a grab-bag of potential outcomes.
Questions rather than clarity defined the presidential race a week before the first-round vote to narrow the field of 11 to a May 7 run-off between the top two candidates.
Ms Le Pen has been jostling with independent centrist Emmanuel Macron for the lead in polls, while hard-left rival Jean-Luc Melenchon and conservative Francois Fillon begin to close the gap.
ONE IN FIVE UK COMPANIES HACKED BY CYBER CRIMINALS, RESEARCH SHOWS
One in five British businesses has been hacked by cyber criminals in the past year, research has suggested.
Larger companies, defined as those with at least 100 staff, are more susceptible to cyberattacks, according to the survey of 1,200 businesses by the British Chambers of Commerce (BCC).
Its report found 42% of big businesses had fallen victim to cyber crime, compared with 18% of small companies.
SEVEN IN EVERY HUNDRED NEW TENANTS IN ENGLAND ARE FOREIGN NATIONALS, SAYS STUDY
Foreign nationals make up seven out of every 100 new tenants in England, a survey has found.
Visitors from 133 countries have sought accommodation since February last year, with most applicants being of Indian, Romanian and Italian nationality, according to analysis of Right to Rent checks.
The research, by tenant referencing company Rent4sure, found people from Spain, France and the United States were also among the most likely to try to rent in England.
SUPREME COURT REFUSES TO ALLOW ARKANSAS EXECUTION
The US Supreme Court has spared the life of an Arkansas inmate at the last minute, scuttling efforts to resume the death penalty in the state after nearly 12 years with a plan to carry out four double executions before its supply of a lethal injection drug expired.
The court's decision to maintain the stay for Don Davis capped a chaotic day of legal wrangling in state and federal courts to clear the primary obstacles Arkansas faced to carrying out its first executions since 2005.
Governor Asa Hutchinson, who had set the multiple executions, said the state would continue to push for the other lethal injections to be carried out.
WARNING OVER FREE CHILDCARE OFFER AS 22% OF NURSERIES 'UNLIKELY' TO JOIN SCHEME
Tens of thousands of young children attending nurseries could miss out on 30 free hours a week of childcare, industry leaders have said.
More than a fifth of nurseries (22%) say they will not be, or are unlikely to take part in the Government scheme, which will see free childcare hours for three and four-year-olds in England double later this year, according to a new survey by the National Day Nurseries Association (NDNA).
It calculates that this means that around 51,000 eligible children will not be able to access a nursery place for the full 30 free hours.
WASHINGTON — Kristaps Porzingis rested and rookie point guard Frank Ntilikina sat out with a bruised knee, but Knicks center Enes Kanter showed what they can do on the offensive end in making their first preseason start.
Kanter piled up 14 points in 14:38 of the first half and finished with a team-leading 16, but the Knicks dropped their second preseason game, 104-100, to the Wizards at the Capital One Arena on Friday.
Tim Hardaway Jr. added 15 points and Courtney Lee, starting at small forward, scored 12. The Knicks are now 0-2 in the preseason, but their defense tightened in the second half, when they allowed just 41 points after a 63-62 half.
John Wall scored 19 points for the Wizards. To begin the game, with Porzingis out, Kanter became the No. 1 option and went to work inside.
The Knicks started a front court of Kanter-Michael Beasley-Lee. Center Joakim Noah, who rested in the preseason opener, started the second half after not playing in the first two quarters. They solidified the defense with their positioning and energy as the Knicks got up 10 points in the third period. Noah made their lone basket. In their preseason opener, the Knicks gave up 115 points to the Nets.
A counter demonstrator uses a lighted spray can against a white nationalist demonstrator at the entrance to Lee Park in Charlottesville, Va., Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017. Gov. Terry McAuliffe declared a state of emergency and police dressed in riot gear ordered people to disperse after chaotic violent clashes between white nationalists and counter protestors. Steve Helber AP Photo
By Music News Group
ABC/Heidi GutmanGreen Day frontman Billie Joe Armstrong says that their “heart feels heavy” following the violence that erupted during a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia Saturday, which led to three deaths and 19 injuries.
“I feel like what happened in Charlottesville goes beyond the point of anger,” they write in an Instagram post. “It makes me sad and desperate. Shocked. I f****** hate racism more than anything.”
Armstrong adds that they feel music and social justice “have always gone hand and hand,” and that the “spirit of Green Day has always been about rising above oppression.”
“In the words of our punk forefathers…Nazi punks f*** off,” they say.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Music News
The best way to fight sex trafficking is to decriminalize prostitution Last week, the House of Representatives overwhelmingly passed a bill to permit prosecution of, and lawsuits against, Web sites that facilitate sex trafficking. It's a bad idea. On its face,...
House passes sex-trafficking bill despite tech opposition The US House of Representatives on Tuesday overwhelmingly passed legislation to make it easier to penalize operators of websites that facilitate online sex trafficking, chipping away at a bedrock legal...
Prostitute kidnapped, robbed at gunpoint by clients A call girl from out of state was robbed at gunpoint by two supposed clients who then tried to pimp them out, police told the Post. The California woman posted...
Suspected sex-trafficking pimp busted by joint task force A suspected sex-trafficking pimp dubbed “King Casino” was busted by the feds and NYPD on charges they pimped out over 50 women, authorities said Friday. Lavellous Purcell and an accomplice,...
Mother-daughter duo busted in erotic massage parlor sting A mother-daughter duo was busted earlier this week for an unlicensed massage parlor offering sexual favors. Anne Dodge, 55, and Jennifer Dodge, 30, were arrested after authorities received a tip...
Not able to commit to that diet? It may be your partner's fault, according to a new study.
The study was conducted by Weight Watchers, and it suggests that your boo can be your biggest ally or enemy in accomplishing your weight loss goals.
If a couple works at losing weight and getting fit together, you are more likely to succeed. This makes sense too, of course. It's hard to watch what you eat if the person you're with is constantly bringing junk food into the house.
Don't tell your partner about your diet - they may try and sabotage it! 43% #diet in SECRET https://t.co/DG5fRh5HWI #eatwhatyouwantday pic.twitter.com/YWY4AnKD4J — News By Design (@NewsbyDesignUK) May 11, 2017
In fact, just being around a partner can make for bad influences when you're trying to diet. There's something about watching your boo eat ice cream when you're not supposed to have any yourself that can really derail your diet.In extreme cases, a person will go to any length to try and derail your diet and exercise regimen as a way of controlling you. This isn't a healthy relationship and ultimately you need to rid yourself of this toxic force.But here's the good news. Even if your partner isn't on your weight loss train, they may be influenced by your diet. If they see a change in you, it may help them lose some weight too.
A taxi passenger was stabbed during a road-rage incident Friday morning on the Long Island Expressway, police said.
The dispute began when the driver of a grey Honda Pilot stopped short in the westbound lane of the expressway near Queens Boulevard around 8:30 a.m., authorities said.
The driver of the Honda Pilot and the male cabbie, 31, and their 25-year-old male passenger all exited their vehicles and began arguing, police said.
The enraged Honda driver then slashed the taxi passenger in their left calf before fleeing in their car, authorities said. The cabbie was not injured.
The victim suffered minor injuries and was treated at the scene, authorities said.
Police are still searching for the attacker, who they described as a Hispanic male.
According to TMZ – Meek Mill will be a free man today after their long legal battle.
TMZ sources say it was the Supreme Court of PA who made the decision overruling Judge Genece Brinkley.
Meek tells TMZ … “I'd like to thank God, my family, my friends, my attorneys, my team at Roc Nation including JAY-Z, Desiree Perez, my good friend Michael Rubin, my fans, The Pennsylvania Supreme Court and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time.”
“While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letters and rallies have helped me stay positive.”
Although reports are saying they will be released today, our sources have confirmed that the rapper is already free.
Justice For Meek Mill Rally {Exclusive Photos} 27 photos Launch gallery Justice For Meek Mill Rally {Exclusive Photos} 1. Julius Dr. J Erving Source:R1 Digital 1 of 27 2. Rick Ross Source:R1 Digital 2 of 27 3. Dr. J Source:R1 Digital 3 of 27 4. Eagles Safety Malcolm Jenkins Source:R1 Digital 4 of 27 5. #Rally4Meek Source:R1 Digital 5 of 27 6. Boom 103.9's DJ Amir Source:R1 Digital 6 of 27 7. Free Meek Source:R1 Digital 7 of 27 8. The Youth Showed Out Source:R1 Digital 8 of 27 9. Mood: Dallas Week Source:R1 Digital 9 of 27 10. Eric & the kids after the rally Source:R1 Digital 10 of 27 11. Media Frenzy Source:R1 Digital 11 of 27 12. #FreeMeekMill Source:R1 Digital 12 of 27 13. Rozay Source:R1 Digital 13 of 27 14. Before The Rally Source:R1 Digital 14 of 27 15. #Rally4Meek Source:R1 Digital 15 of 27 16. Julius Speaking To The Crowd Source:R1 Digital 16 of 27 17. Aftermath Source:R1 Digital 17 of 27 18. Philly Supports Meek Source:R1 Digital 18 of 27 19. Rally Source:R1 Digital 19 of 27 20. #RoleModels4Meek Source:R1 Digital 20 of 27 21. Filbert Street Source:R1 Digital 21 of 27 22. MMG Source:R1 Digital 22 of 27 23. Eagles Corner Jalen Mills Source:R1 Digital 23 of 27 24. Charlie Mack! Source:R1 Digital 24 of 27 25. DJ Amir & Eagles Defensive End Vinny Curry Source:R1 Digital 25 of 27 26. Stand Together Source:R1 Digital 26 of 27 27. #JusticeForMeek Rally Graphic Source:Rally4Meek 27 of 27 Skip ad Continue reading Justice For Meek Mill Rally {Exclusive Photos} Justice For Meek Mill Rally {Exclusive Photos}
Related:
Meek Mill Interviews With Don Lemon On CNN [VIDEO]
Senior menuThese meals will be provided by Marion Senior Services, 1101 SW 20th Court, Ocala. Lunches delivered by Meals on Wheels and served at congregate site; dinners at Marion Senior Services. Call 620-3501.Monday: Pork chopette w/country pepper gravy, potato onion souffle, succotash, whole-grain bread, graham crackers and low-fat milkTuesday: Turkey salad, marinated broccoli salad, carrot salad w/pineapple, whole- [...]
Moscow, SANA – Russian Defense Ministry said that the illegal US military presence in al-Tanf area near the Syrian–Jordanian border hinders the Syrian army's operations against ISIS terrorists in the eastern area and prevents access of humanitarian aid to Rukban camp on the Syrian–Jordanian border.
“In reality, al-Tanf has turned into a 100-kilometer ‘black hole' on the Syrian-Jordanian state border. And, instead of the Free Syrian Army, it is spewing ISIS mobile groups who make inroads to launch subversive terrorist operations against Syrian troops and civilians,” the Ministry's spokesperson Major-General Igor Konashenkov said on Friday.
“The illegal establishment of the US military base on the Syria-Jordanian border in April 2017 was publicly justified by the ‘need to conduct counter-ISIS operations.' But we know of no US
operation that was launched against ISIS in the past six months of its existence,” Konashenkov added.
They went on criticizing the US's al-Tanf base by saying “Rukban refugees are de facto hostages, effectively a ‘human shield' for the US base. Think about it, other than by Americans such ‘protection' barriers are used in Syria only by those who they came here to fight, the terrorists.”
According to the Russian Defense Ministry, attacks against the Syrian army have repeatedly been carried out from the 50-kilometer zone around al-Tanf on the Syrian-Jordanian border where the “US military mission” is located.
In the small hours of September 28, about 300 ISIS gunmen moved from the areas close to the inhabited community of Rukban to the city of Al-Qaryatayn in the Homs province using dozens of off-
road vehicles, the Ministry was cited.
A large group of terrorists successfully bypassed all Syrian army posts near the inhabited communities of Harbat al-Shkhemi and al-Basiri, having the exact locations that can only be obtained through aerial reconnaissance. This terrorist unit tried to capture the dominant heights around the inhabited community of Al-Qaryatayn.
Shaza/H. Said
There isn't a lot of common ground between the detractors and proponents of investing some of the Social Security trust fund's assets in stocks.
On the one side are those who can't believe anyone would even consider such an idea; on the other side are those who say the detractors are overreacting. After all, no one is proposing that 100% of the Social Security kitty be plowed into stocks, or used for day trading, they say.
What the two sides generally do agree on is that the Social Security trust fund needs shoring up: According to a trustees' report from last year, the fund is on track to run dry around the mid-2030s, at which point the program would be able to pay out only about 75% of promised benefits.
The idea of having the government invest some Social Security assets in stocks—which is separate from the “privatization” notion of allowing citizens themselves to do the investing—isn't new. In the 1990s, during a historic bull market, President Bill Clinton floated the idea, saying it could help the long-term solvency of Social Security. (He drew laughs at a public forum by conceding it would be a tough sell since Americans “believe the government could mess up a two-car parade.”) They eventually dropped the idea.
AFP/Getty Images President Bill Clinton floated the idea of investing some Social Security assets in stocks.
Nearly 20 years later, the trust fund still needs help. And the debate over what to do remains as contentious as ever.
Alicia H. Munnell, director of the Center for Retirement Research at Boston College, argues that it would reduce the need for benefit cuts or tax increases. Michael D. Tanner of the Cato Institute says the government should stay out of the stock market.
YES: It should reduce the need for benefit cuts or tax increases
Investing some of the Social Security trust fund in stocks would likely increase investment returns, improve the program's long-term financial outlook and reduce the need for benefit cuts or tax increases. Nevertheless, the proposal makes some people crazy. Here's why it shouldn't:
Starting with defense
First, no one thinks that investing in stocks is a free lunch. Stocks are riskier than bonds, so shifting some Social Security assets from low-risk, low-return Treasury bonds to high-risk, high-expected-return stocks would expose the program to greater financial risk. This risk, however, has to be balanced against the likelihood of a larger trust fund and thereby less need for benefit cuts or tax increases to shore it up down the road. Economists also make a theoretical argument that the plan would especially benefit the young—who haven't yet accumulated much financial wealth—by enabling them to invest in high-yielding financial assets without direct exposure to market risk.
Social Security's current trust fund is rapidly declining, which means that it wouldn't matter much what it was invested in. Alicia H. Munnell, director of the Center for Retirement Research at Boston College
Second, no one wants the Social Security trust fund to control the stock market. Even if the entire trust fund was plowed into stocks, it would account for only a fraction of the market. And that isn't even what's being proposed. Those pushing to diversify Social Security's holdings have called for investing only a portion of the trust fund in stocks. The typical proposal would increase the percentage of the trust fund invested in stocks by 2 to 3 percentage points annually until stocks accounted for 40% of total Social Security assets.
Third, no one wants members of Congress lobbying Social Security to buy shares of companies in their districts. That's why proponents of stock investing suggest such investments track a broad market index such as the Wilshire 5000, W5000, +0.86% Russell 2000 RUT, +1.18% or S&P Composite 1500. SP1500, +0.89% In terms of corporate governance, the voting rights associated with trust-fund shares could be handled in one of three ways: not voted at all, voted in a pattern that reflects the votes of other common shareholders, or delegated to the individual portfolio managers, which is the practice of the federal government's Thrift Savings Plan.
Finally, no one wants to create the impression that Social Security selling a $100 bond and buying a $100 stock would automatically improve the program's finances. So the accounting must be done on a risk-adjusted basis, with gains reflected only after they occur.
Moving to offense
OK, that's enough defense. So what do we know about how stock investment would have affected Social Security's finances historically and how it would likely contribute prospectively?
Historically, the answer is easy. Whether stock investment had started in the early 1980s or late 1990s, trust-fund assets would be significantly higher than they currently are, despite the bursting of the dot-com bubble in 2000 and the financial crisis in 2008.
Looking forward requires a little work, as detailed in a recent paper I co-authored.
First, Social Security's current trust fund is rapidly declining, which means that it wouldn't matter much what it was invested in. So the assumption is that the government raises taxes enough to eliminate the long-term deficit and invests a portion of the emerging trust fund in stocks. The second assumption is that stock returns going forward will average 6.8% annually rather than the historical 9.5%. Based on these assumptions, the 50th percentile of 10,000 simulations shows that, after 75 years, a portfolio with stocks produces a healthy ratio of trust-fund assets to benefits, while a trust fund invested all in bonds is exhausted. Even at the 25th percentile, the trust fund shows no evidence of running out of money.
Also read: Should the U.S. privatize Social Security?
Moreover, the research shows that Social Security investing in stocks is unlikely to disrupt the market. If Social Security had begun investing in equities in the early 1980s, the trust fund today would hold about 4% of the market value of U.S. equities. The simulations going forward suggest that stake would decline slowly to less than 2% as stock-market growth outpaces growth in the trust fund, which also holds bonds. As a point of comparison, state and local government pension plans currently hold about 6% of total stocks. Social Security wouldn't take over the stock market!
In short, policymakers should include investing Social Security's assets in equities on their list of options when constructing a comprehensive package to restore long-run balance to the program.
NO: Let's keep the government out of the stock market
There is no question that Social Security needs reform. With more than $32 trillion in unfunded liabilities over an infinite horizon, Social Security quite simply cannot pay future promised benefits with existing taxes.
Much of the program's problems stem from its pay-as-you-go nature, under which it is little more than a transfer payment from young to old, without any sort of investment. Transitioning to a funded system, where contributions were invested, makes sense.
Investing even part of the trust fund in the stock market would allow the U.S. government to purchase if not a controlling then a commanding share of virtually every major company in America. Michael D. Tanner, Cato Institute, Washington
Yet allowing the government itself to invest, either directly or indirectly, the roughly $2.9 trillion Social Security trust fund would be an enormous mistake.
First, it is hard to see how this would actually take place. The bonds in the Social Security trust fund aren't actual assets, but merely claims against future general revenues (that is part of Social Security's funding problem). To invest those funds in other assets, the Social Security Administration would first have to redeem those bonds for cash. With the U.S. running a deficit and already $20 trillion in debt, finding money to redeem the bonds likely would require either additional taxes or borrowing or both.
But even if a financial workaround could be found, the federal government should stay out of the stock market.
The total value of all stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange is roughly $21 trillion, meaning the funds available from the trust fund would be about 14% of stock value. It is easy to see, therefore, that investing even part of the trust fund in the stock market would allow the U.S. government to purchase if not a controlling then a commanding share of virtually every major company in America.
Powerful influence
Even if the investment was done indirectly through an index, government decision makers would acquire property rights in corporate enterprises. Either they would exercise their rights, thus creating a direct political influence in the management of private enterprises, or they would give up the voting rights and other privileges, thus indirectly enhancing the power of existing shareholders.
In either case, ownership of the enterprises would be powerfully influenced by political agents, and the entire arrangement would be financed by the taxpayers.
With ownership comes control. What if a company whose stock is purchased by the Social Security trust fund decides to move its operations overseas? Would President Trump, or a future president, remain indifferent to the plight of the company's workers? Would they or they not be tempted to use the president's financial leverage? What about environmental concerns? Workers rights? Political contributions? What about companies that make adult movies, tobacco products or sugary soft drinks? The potential list of targets for government mischief is endless.
Would it make a difference if the government purchased existing index funds from a third party, such as an investment company?
Also read: A Social Security strategy for the wealthy
Not really. Although the index fund would provide a layer of insulation between the government and companies whose stocks were purchased, the problems of control wouldn't be completely avoided. First, the government would acquire control over the index-fund manager itself and thus indirect control over the corporations. If index fund A controls the majority of shares in company B, and the government controls the management of fund A, the government can control the company.
Another way
Even if the government doesn't attempt to exercise corporate control, there is reason to be concerned about allowing index-fund managers to use taxpayer money to increase their ownership of corporate America.
In essence, it is being proposed that the federal government use tax money to pick corporate winners and losers. It is difficult to imagine a more egregious proposal for “corporate welfare.”
Those who see stock investing as a potential cure for Social Security's woes aren't all wrong. It is true that private investment would earn substantially higher returns than the current pay-go system, even under conservative projections. However, there is a way to capture the rewards from those higher returns without the risks of getting government itself involved in the investment business.
Why not allow younger workers to invest for themselves a portion of their payroll taxes in personal accounts? Let's rely on consumer choice rather than top-down management.
More than 80 years ago, the first president of Princeton Evangelical Fellowship aspired for the organization to allow students “to enjoy Christian fellowship one with another, to bear united witness to the faith of its members in the whole Bible as the inspired Word of God, and to encourage other students to take, with them, a definite stand for Christ on the campus.”
In 2017, the Ivy League student ministry remains fully committed to this purpose … just without calling themselves evangelical.
The long-running organization changed its name this year to become Princeton Christian Fellowship, citing baggage surrounding the evangelical label.
“There's a growing recognition that the term evangelical is increasingly either confusing, or unknown, or misunderstood to students,” the organization's director, Bill Boyce, told The Daily Princetonian.
It's not an issue limited to the 8,000-student campus; a number of evangelicals across the country share their concerns, particularly after last year's election linked evangelical identity with support for President Donald Trump in the public eye.
Princeton Christian Fellowship began discussing its name change prior to Trump's election, though the decision was officially voted into place in May and announced at the start of this school year, the school paper wrote.
“We're interested in being people who are defined by our faith and by our faith commitments and not by any sort of political agenda,” said Boyce, who has led the campus group since 1985.
Princeton Christian Fellowship's decision corresponds with younger Christians' draw to institutions that focus on Jesus and downplay labels, according to Kara Powell, executive director of the Fuller Youth Institute.
“I don't see it as a negative move,” said Powell. “Anything that puts Christ in the title is something that I applaud, especially because as I see organizations using the term evangelical less, they're still adhering to core principles.
“I would be more concerned if organizations who were moving away from the term evangelical were moving away from what it means to be evangelical.”
Of the 24 recognized Christian groups at Princeton (including chapters of InterVarsity Christian Fellowship and Baptist Student Fellowship), not a single one uses evangelical in its name.
Princeton Christian Fellowship holds weekly worship on Fridays, plus retreats, mission trips, and parties during the semester. For evangelism on campus, the group offers an outreach program where students can ask them faith questions in exchange for a free quesadilla.
The president of the ministry, a senior, said students support the change, and don't miss the evangelical name. “Aside from the nostalgia, there's no good reason to keep it around,” Jay Sourbeer told the Princetonian.
Following Trump's election, several leaders, authors, and bloggers announced they would no longer identify as evangelical, while others called into question the usefulness of the term.
A CT Pastors reader survey revealed that 1 in 3 evangelical pastors felt less comfortable identifying as evangelical around non-Christians after the election.
On the CT site, theologian Ron Sider defended the label, based on its meaning throughout church history. Baylor University's Thomas Kidd offered a counter-perspective, arguing “whatever its historic value, the word evangelical in America has become inextricably tied to Republican politics.”
“If Princeton's campus ministry wishes to maintain its focus around its members' shared doctrinal commitments while protecting their freedom to apply those commitments in a variety of political ways, it might do well to shed the label evangelical,” said Mika Edmonson, who participated in a roundtable discussion over evangelical identity at The Gospel Coalition in August.
Edmonson, a Orthodox Presbyterian Church pastor in Grand Rapids, brought up how—in addition to political baggage—evangelical identity can skew white since African Americans in particular are less likely to use the term.
“If the Princeton campus ministry found the term evangelical obstructing cultural and ideological diversity among their ranks, they've done the right thing by leaving it aside,” they said. “As ministries make more room for political and cultural diversity within their midst, they may increasingly choose to drop the term.”
Today in History: April 24
Last Updated: April 24, 2018 at 10:54 am
1479 BC – Thutmose III ascends to the throne of Egypt, although power effectively shifts to Hatshepsut (according to the Low Chronology of the 18th dynasty).
1184 BC – Traditional date of the fall of Troy.
1547 – Battle of Mühlberg. Duke of Alba, commanding Spanish-Imperial forces of Charles I of Spain, defeats the troops of Schmalkaldic League.
1558 – Mary, Queen of Scots, marries the Dauphin of France, François, at Notre Dame de Paris.
1704 – The first regular newspaper in British Colonial America, The Boston News-Letter, is published.
1800 – The United States Library of Congress is established when President John Adams signs legislation to appropriate $5,000 to purchase “such books as may be necessary for the use of Congress”.
1877 – Russo-Turkish War: Russian Empire declares war on Ottoman Empire.
1885 – American sharpshooter Annie Oakley is hired by Nate Salsbury to be a part of Buffalo Bill's Wild West.
1895 – Joshua Slocum, the first person to sail single-handedly around the world, sets sail from Boston, Massachusetts aboard the sloop “Spray”.
1913 – The Woolworth Building, a skyscraper in New York City, is opened.
1914 – The Franck–Hertz experiment, a pillar of quantum mechanics, is presented to the German Physical Society.
1915 – The arrest of 250 Armenian intellectuals and community leaders in Istanbul mark the beginning of the Armenian Genocide.
1916 – Easter Rising: Irish rebels, led by Patrick Pearse and James Connolly, launch an uprising in Dublin against British rule and proclaim an Irish Republic.
1916 – Ernest Shackleton and five men of the Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition launch a lifeboat from uninhabited Elephant Island in the Southern Ocean to organise a rescue for the crew of the sunken Endurance.
1918 – World War I: First tank-to-tank combat, during the second Battle of Villers-Bretonneux. Three British Mark IVs meet three German A7Vs.
1922 – The first segment of the Imperial Wireless Chain providing wireless telegraphy between Leafield in Oxfordshire, England, and Cairo, Egypt, comes into operation.
1923 – In Vienna, the paper Das Ich und das Es (The Ego and the Id) by Sigmund Freud is published, which outlines Freud's theories of the id, ego, and super-ego.
1926 – The Treaty of Berlin is signed. Germany and the Soviet Union each pledge neutrality in the event of an attack on the other by a third party for the next five years.
1932 – Benny Rothman leads the mass trespass of Kinder Scout, leading to substantial legal reforms in the United Kingdom.
1933 – Nazi Germany begins its persecution of Jehovah's Witnesses by shutting down the Watch Tower Society office in Magdeburg.
1944 – World War II: The SBS launches a raid against the garrison of Santorini in Greece.
1953 – Winston Churchill is knighted by Queen Elizabeth II.
1955 – The Bandung Conference ends: Twenty-nine non-aligned nations of Asia and Africa finish a meeting that condemns colonialism, racism, and the Cold War.
1957 – Suez Crisis: The Suez Canal is reopened following the introduction of UNEF peacekeepers to the region.
1963 – Marriage of HRH Princess Alexandra of Kent to the Hon Angus Ogilvy at Westminster Abbey in London.
1965 – Civil war breaks out in the Dominican Republic when Colonel Francisco Caamaño, overthrows the triumvirate that had been in power since the coup d'état against Juan Bosch.
1967 – Cosmonaut Vladimir Komarov dies in Soyuz 1 when its parachute fails to open.  They are the first human to die during a space mission.
1967 – Vietnam War: American General William Westmoreland says in a news conference that the enemy had “gained support in the United States that gives them hope that they can win politically that which they cannot win militarily.”
1970 – The Gambia becomes a republic within the Commonwealth of Nations, with Dawda Jawara as its first President.
1980 – Eight U.S. servicemen die in Operation Eagle Claw as they attempt to end the Iran hostage crisis.
1990 – STS-31: The Hubble Space Telescope is launched from the Space Shuttle Discovery.
1990 – Gruinard Island, Scotland, is officially declared free of the anthrax disease after 48 years of quarantine.
1993 – An IRA bomb devastates the Bishopsgate area of London.
1996 – In the United States, the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996 is passed into law.
2004 – The United States lifts economic sanctions imposed on Libya 18 years previously, as a reward for its cooperation in eliminating weapons of mass destruction.
2005 – Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger is inaugurated as the 265th Pope of the Catholic Church taking the name Pope Benedict XVI.
2013 – A building collapses near Dhaka, Bangladesh, killing 1,129 people and injuring 2,500 others.
2013 – Violence in Bachu County, Kashgar Prefecture, of China's Xinjiang results in death of 21 people.
Learner drivers will be allowed on Britain's motorways, Transport Secretary Chris Grayling has announced.
A law change will mean novice motorists can take lessons on motorways with an approved driving instructor in a dual control car from next year.
It is hoped this will provide a broader range of real life experiences and better prepare learners for independent driving when they pass their test.
Transport Secretary Chris Grayling. (Joe Giddens/PA)
Mr Grayling said: “The UK has some of the safest roads in the world and we want to make them even safer.
“Younger drivers are up to seven times more likely to be killed or seriously injured compared with drivers over 25 and lack of experience is an important factor.
“Allowing learners to drive on motorways in a supportive environment will help them develop a practical understanding of how to use motorways safely before driving independently.”
The Department for Transport consulted on the measure earlier this year and received “wide support” from learner drivers and driving instructors.
(PA)
Learners are currently not allowed on motorways until they have passed their test.
The Government hopes the new legislation will be passed by Parliament next year.
RAC road safety spokesperson Pete Williams said some drivers find it “daunting” to use motorways for the first time.
“Giving learners the option to gain valuable experience on our fastest and busiest roads should further improve safety and enhance the confidence of new drivers,” they said.
(Yui Mok/PA)
AA president Edmund King described a lack of motorway experience as the “Achilles heel” of learner driver tuition.
They went on: “Almost half of motorists know friends or family who avoid driving on motorways. Fears have increased since the introduction of smart motorways without hard shoulders.”
But road safety charity Brake warned that the new measure does not go for enough to improve driving standards.
Its director of campaigns Jason Wakeford said: “Rather than allowing learner drivers on the motorway, there should instead be a requirement for all newly-qualified drivers to receive mandatory lessons, including on the motorway, once they've passed their test.
“There needs to be much wider reform to the learning-to-drive system, including a minimum learning period and restrictions for newly-qualified drivers, such as a late night curfew.”
There are legitimate concerns around AI and how it will impact the job market. But the real impact will depend on how businesses leverage and implement AI tools to support employees, rather than replace them.
Artificial Intelligence is already impacting every industry through automation and machine learning, bringing concerns that AI is on the fast track to replacing many jobs. But these fears aren't new, says Dan Jackson, director of Enterprise Technology at Crestron, a company that designs workplace technology.
"I'd argue this is no different than when we moved from an agricultural to an industrial economy at the turn of the last century. The percentage of people working in agriculture significantly decreased, and it was a big shift, but we still have plenty of jobs 100 years later," they say.
Anytime society experiences a major technological advancement, we need to be prepared for it to change the way we live and work. It's hard to imagine what the future of jobs will look like with AI, but that future exists. And optimists suggest that, like the sewing machine to the textile industry, AI will make us better, more efficient and faster workers.
[ Related story: Think twice before you hire a chief AI officer ]
Overblown fears over AI
Antonis Papatsaras, PhD, AI expert and CTO at SpringCM, a contract and document management company, agrees that some concern is warranted, noting it's "consistent with historical reactions to innovation." Similar concerns were voiced during the Industrial Revolution, but they never held up -- instead of replacing jobs, humans were needed to operate the machinery.
"Time after time, we see jobs adapt and shift," they say.
Adam Compain, CEO of ClearMetal, a predictive logistics company, agrees that most fears around AI are disproportional, and -- if we're being honest -- based off movies and TV. Instead of focusing on the fictional "what-ifs" of AI, we should be building strategies to ensure AI doesn't negatively impact employment.
"Artificial Intelligence is named so because it replicates our own way of thinking and, particularly in the application of machine learning, it's a helpful aid in recognizing patterns, managing overwhelming complexity, and handling tasks far too tedious for us to understand," says Compain.
Experts agree that AI has the potential to eliminate mundane, administrative work, while we will always rely on human workers to be empathetic, collaborative, creative and strategic. But it's impact on any industry lies in the hands of the business leaders who are responsible for adopting AI strategies.
Tim Estes, CEO of Digital Reasoning, a cognitive computing company, says that "we cannot reasonably expect the jobs market to remain inflexible to a changing world." Instead, businesses who approach AI with an open mind and embrace the change will find ways to create new jobs, while those who "shun opportunity are most at risk."
[ Related story: How AI, machine learning will impact tech recruiting ]
Training presents challenges
A recent study of 1,000 global companies by Accenture found that AI is already creating three new categories of jobs: trainers, explainers and sustainers. Trainers are the people who teach AI systems how to act -- whether it's language, human behavior or the intricacies of human interaction. Explainers are the liaison between technology and business leaders, providing more insight and clarity into machine learning for the non-tech workers. Sustainers are the workers required to maintain AI systems and troubleshoot any potential issues.
"Some jobs were highly technical and required advanced degrees, but other roles demanded innately human things such as empathy and interaction. Downstream jobs, such as those in sales, marketing, or service will change to take advantage of the insights from AI, but many of the core skills will remain," says Estes.
It might sound like any job related to AI will require years of technical knowledge, but that isn't the case. We've already seen a shift in tech hiring -- companies often need highly specific skill sets that are hard to find in potential candidates. As a result, more businesses are hiring employees with the right soft skills, and then training them in technical skills.
"This opens a new window of opportunity for a diverse and booming workforce, as many organizations don't necessarily require a college degree from their technical employees. If you onboard a person with a willingness to learn and an understanding of basic technology skills, you can train them on a multitude of systems and applications," says Papatsaras.
Papatsaras also expects to see an overall shift in the education system, where students will be trained from a young age on robotics and AI. It's already happening outside of the education system - games like Minecraft can help teach children the fundamentals of coding to kick-start STEM education.
A measured approach to AI
The real takeaway is that any approach to AI will need to consider the human aspect of every business. AI has great potential to increase efficiency and accuracy and it's already been proven in certain industries.
For example, Estes points to the use of AI In banking to identify "rogue traders" and money laundering schemes. It's also improved healthcare by "increasing the speed and accuracy" of cancer diagnosistics. AI can also help reduce the cost and length of human trafficking investigations, a situation where time is precious.
In these examples, argues Estes, AI hasn't replaced jobs, but has positively impacted efficiency. Yet, they still caution against complacency with AI.
"We need to ensure our education system responds to equip young people with the appropriate skills and adaptability, while businesses and public organizations must invest in training. Perhaps most of all, we need to encourage imagination and willingness to experiment. The organizations that can innovate with AI will reap the benefits. Their growth will make them the primary source of future jobs," they say.
Companies have a choice when implementing AI. They can choose to effectively implement systems that make employee's lives easier and find creative ways to leverage the technology, says Papatsaras. It's up to employers to ease fears for workers around AI and build strategies that benefit everyone.
"At the end of the day, as employers and employees, we need to figure this out. If we play our cards right, AI is here to lessen the burden in our lives and create what we all crave today -- a work-life balance," they say.
Related Video
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
The worsening situation in southern Syria's de-escalation zone could be among the talking points when Russian President Vladimir Putin meets with U.S. counterpart Donald Trump on July 16.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov suggested the subject may be on the agenda during a press conference with their opposite number in Jordan.
But they also said they would oppose any attempt, by the Syrian opposition, backed by the US, to create an autonomous region in southern Syria.
They said: "Favourable conditions for the refugees to return to their homes will be created only after the terrorist groups are elimated from the area."
Lavrov also said Russia was hopeful that the Putin-Trump summit could provide an opportunity for a frank conversation about issues which divide Russia and the US.
"The meeting between Putin and Trump is being prepared by the experts on both sides. We hope for an open conversation and a straight talk between the two leaders on the whole spectrum of questions that undermine the relationship between our countries."
Lavrov added that any meeting with US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo would have to take place after the summit in Helsinki. Pompeo discussed a ceasefire in southern Syria with Lavrov during a telephone conversation on Tuesday.
A local resident has slammed the new pricing structure for membership of the area's leisure centres with families facing an increase of up to £130 per year.
The local resident, who has been a member of the Dromore Leisure Centre for years, received a letter to say there is a new membership structure which will cost them more.
A family inclusive membership for Banbridge and Dromore Leisure centre for the year was £499, a similar family membership now known as the Gold GetactiveABC membership is £630 for the year.
The Leader contacted the Council for a statement regarding the new pricing structure but a spokesperson said a statement would be issued after the Easter break when relevant staff members were available.
The Dromore resident, who asked not to be named said: “Under the old scheme we got to use the facilities at the gym and could go to Banbridge if we wanted to swim, all on this one membership.
“We attend several classes a week and the gym so we got good value out of it, we received correspondence that they were changing the membership fees.
“There is platinum, gold and silver, our equivalent membership would be my husband and I paying for the gold membership at £315 each.
“The platinum membership includes leisure centres across the ABC area, now why would I want to travel to Tandragee or Rathfriland?
“I think it is extortionate, a very large increase in a year, families are going to be hit hardest.
“The family membership entitled you to two adults and three children, I feel sorry for
COLLEGE STATION, Texas (KXAN) — Do not step on paws or tails — important rules with any dog, but especially around the cherished mascot of Texas A&M University.
A photo posted Thursday shows Reveille IX snapping at a fan trying to pose with the rough collie. The mascot's official Twitter account shared a word of caution: “I love taking pictures with my Aggies, but please be respectful and make sure I see you when you approach me!”
In an interview with the A&M student newspaper The Battalion, the first-year student student who had the close call with Reveille said they didn't think “Miss Rev” got a glimpse of them when they went to take the photo, and it may have scared them
The two later reunited for a more cordial photoshoot.
Reveille IX, who is handled by Mascot Company E-2 of the Texas A&M Corps of Cadets, was selected as the university's mascot in May 2015.
Eric Raynold Dennett, age 56, passed away suddenly on December 6, 2017. A man of limitless ingenuity, empathy and selflessness will be impossibly missed by those that knew him.
On May 13, 1961, Eric was born to Raynold Dennett and Nancie Morris amidst an uncharacteristic snowfall of over 12 inches in Cedar City, Utah. The first of three sons to Raynold and Nancie, they were reminded of this historical weather phenomenon each year as the morning of their birthday came about.
Eric married Lori K. Smith in the St. George LDS Temple on June 17, 1983. As an inseparable pair they had five sons-Nathan, Stephen, Sterling, Michael and Walker.
While raising five unruly boys, Eric managed to create a rewarding plumbing business where they had the opportunity to pass both their industriousness and intrepid work ethic onto their boys. More recently, they were exposed as the softhearted man we knew them to be whenever they were around their seven grandchildren who all lovingly referred to them as “Papa.”
A tremendous void has been left within our ranks, as those close to them no longer have the luxury of requesting their mechanical and engineerical expertise that is typically bestowed upon only those with a graduate degree in each respective field.
Eric is survived by their wife of 34 years, Lori, their mother Nancie, their brother Ryan (Ginger) of Las Vegas, sons Nathan (Jaclyn), Stephen (Ashlee), Sterling (Jessika), Michael, and Walker of Cedar City. They will be lovingly remembered by their seven grandchildren; Kailey, Abigail, Madison and Connor (Nathan & Jaclyn); Harper and Raegan (Stephen & Ashlee); Linkyn (Sterling & Jessika).
They were preceded in death by their father Raynold, and their brother Curtis.
A viewing for family was held on Monday, December 11, followed by a graveside service for friends and family at 11 a.m. at the Cedar City Cemetery, under the direction of Southern Utah Mortuary. Online condolences can be sent to www.sumortuary.com
Banks will earn close to $44 billion from deposit account fees this year — and if you thought opting for overdraft protection would spare you some change, you are wrong: Customers who enroll in their bank's overdraft program actually end up paying hundreds of dollars more in fees.
While fee income is an important and growing stream of revenue for financial institutions, it's a dynamic that worries consumer advocates as the Trump administration lays the groundwork for rolling back financial regulations.
“Approximately one-fifth of their net income comes from this area,” Mike Moebs, CEO and economist at Moebs Services, told NBC News. More than three quarters of fee revenue comes from overdraft charges, with the remainder coming from everything from ATM fees to monthly service fees to check-cashing and money-order fees.
People withdraw money at ATMs in Elmont, New York on June 7, 2014. Mike Ehrmann / Getty Images file
“It just helps add a more predictable component to the overall revenue picture,” Greg McBride, chief financial analyst at Bankrate.com, said of fee revenue. “That has taken on a bigger role since the financial crisis.”
“Interest margins were squeezed,” McBride said. “Lending standards tightened significantly and the risk appetite changed dramatically,” cutting into banks' revenue. Fees for services such as wealth management and mortgage originations, as well as penalty and service fees on deposit accounts have helped make up the shortfall.
Regulatory changes made in the aftermath of the financial crisis required banks to get customer permission before allowing them to overdraw their account and incur a fee for debit purchases (although not checks or electronic bill paying). People who choose not to opt in will have their card declined and not incur a fee. Banks reframed the opt-in requirement as overdraft “protection” and aggressively promoted it in a bid to get customers to opt in.
Now, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau finds that the price of this so-called protection is high. A new report released by the Bureau shows that bank customers who enroll in overdraft “protection” pay up to $450 more a year in fees, with some customers who overdraw frequently paying nearly $1,300.
“Despite recent regulatory and industry changes, consumers with low account balances and little margin for error continue to pay significant overdraft fees,” CFPB director Richard Cordray said last week.
The agency recommended that banks change how they communicate with their customers to improve disclosure — so people know what they're getting into and understand that opting in comes with a cost.
“It just continues to confirm the need for some meaningful, substantive regulations in an area that's been insufficiently regulated,” said Rebecca Borné, senior policy counsel at the Center for Responsible Lending. “Overdraft practices like this sort of fit squarely within those kinds of concerns.”
But the agency is vulnerable to shifting political winds and an administration with a much more business-friendly outlook. “It's certainly much more permissive and one's that's inclined to put restraints on the CFPB,” McBride said.
Related: Why Republicans Want to Defang the CFPB
A report issued in June by the Treasury Department was critical of the agency's work, saying, “The CFPB's approach to enforcement and rule-making has hindered consumer choice and access to credit.” The department recommended reforming the Bureau in ways consumer groups say would weaken its ability to protect consumers.
Advocates of greater oversight point to recent examples, such as last week's news that Wells Fargo's fake-account scandal might be significantly larger than the 2.1 million fraudulent accounts already revealed, as evidence indicating that banks need robust regulation. In an SEC filing on Friday, the bank said it was expanding the scope of its review to include an additional three years, and warned that the expanded review “may lead to a significant increase in the identified number of potentially unauthorized accounts.”
“The study really underscores the problem where without some reasonable rules of the road that regulation in this area can accomplish, banks really stack the deck against consumers,” Borné said.
“Reining in Wall Street is not a left-right issue. It's a big guy-little guy issue,” Mike Litt, consumer advocate with U.S. PIRG, said in a recent statement. The organization released a poll last week finding that more than three-quarters of Americans support more regulation on Wall Street banks, including, it said, two-thirds of Republicans.
“At a time when Wells Fargo has had repeated scandals, any talk of lightening regulations is going to run into some significant opposition in light of current events,” McBride said. “We can't go back to the days of the wild West.”
Now that the Buds are back in style, David Letterman might want to dust off their Maple Leafs gear.
A retro photo of the former late-night host in an away jersey, with their thumbs through their belt loops, was uploaded to reddit showing Letterman's love for the Buds.
“He looks a lot like Mick Jagger,” one redditor commented, while another added, “Would love to know the backstory on this picture” (yeah, us too).
This isn't the first time Letterman has been snapped wearing Leafs gear. The team's official Twitter account shared a photo of the funnyman two years ago looking suave with the caption, “Thanks Dave.”
Now, if someone could just PhotoShop a fanny pack into that shot...
PARIS - France will toughen rules on hate speech to ensure social media giants do more to remove racist and antisemitic content from internet, Prime Minister Edouard Philippe said on Monday.
The announcement comes as the 28 European Union countries work on rules that would compel Facebook, Twitter, Youtube and Google to be more proactive in filtering and weeding out hate speech on their platforms.
"These days a newspaper director is criminally responsible if hateful comments are posted on its website but if you run a social network anything goes," Philippe said in a speech on France's policy on racism."Nobody is going to convince me that the social networks live in space. What gets published and circulated in France is published and circulated in France and must answer to the laws of the French republic."Philippe said France would tighten up its own rules pending progress at EU level, but did not elaborate on when or how.The man credited with inventing the worldwide web, British computer scientists, Tim Berners-Lee, called in a public letter last week for powerful internet platforms and social media companies to be regulated to prevent the internet from being "weaponized" on a massive scale."In recent years, we've seen conspiracy theories trend on social media platforms, fake Twitter and Facebook accounts stoke social tensions, external actors interfere in elections and criminals steal troves of personal data," they said in an open letter published on the 29th anniversary of the creation of the web
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
Former U of C students look to address domestic violence in Calgary with non-profit
October 6, 2017
By Bryan Gapinski
at Sycamore (Ill.) Speedway on Saturday Night June17 before returning to Angell Park Speedway the following evening June 18.
Saturday's event will be the first of three at Sycamore Speedway, this season. “The Loop Day sponsored by 97.9” will also feature various Sycamore Speedway divisions. Admissions are $12 for adults and $5 for kids.
Angell Park Speedway will host the “The Fathers Day Festival” the IRA Bumper to Bumper Outlaw Sprint Car Series, and Wisconsin Dirt Racing Legends Series will join Badger on the race schedule for the evening.
Four-time Badger Champion Scott Hatton holds a 23-point lead over Robbie Ray heading into the weekend's events. Six father-son combinations have scored Angell Park feature victories: Don & Rich Vogler; Al Sr. & Dan Fredenberg; Ron & Dean Erfurth; Don & Dan Boorse; Lars & Hans Lein; and Dave & Davey Ray. The father-daughter team of Denny, and Laura Smith will be competing for the Industrial Truck Repair Racing Team. Sun Prairie, WI June14—A weekend doubleheader awaits The Mid-State Equipment /Zimbrick Chevrolet of Sun Prairie Badger Midget Racing Series,
In honor of all Fathers the Badger Fan Club is issuing a challenge, to present them with the most generations of fathers at the track. Families should register for the “Dad Contest at the Badger Souvenir trailer. The Badger Drivers meet and greet will be from 4:30-5:00 pm with Brian Peterson and other drivers. The Advance Fastening Supply Fan of the Week will also be announced at the event.
By Music News Group
Scott Dudelson/Getty ImagesStone Sour‘s Roy Mayorga is the latest drummer to man the kit for the Late Night with Seth Meyers house band. He'll sit in with the show's 8G Band all this week, starting with tonight's episode.
Late Night has often used guest drummers to play with the 8G Band, including Mastodon‘s Brann Dailor, Rage Against the Machine‘s Brad Wilk, Patrick Carney of The Black Keys, Tool‘s Danny Carey, and Matt Cameron of Pearl Jam and Soundgarden.
Mayorga and Stone Sour released their new album, Hydrograd, in June. Earlier this month, the band concluded a tour with Korn in support of the LP.
Late Night with Seth Meyers airs weeknights at 12:35 a.m. ET on NBC.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Music News
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — There is one place on game day even more exclusive than a Super Bowl seat: The airspace above U.S. Bank Stadium.
WCCO got an aerial tour Friday afternoon from inside a UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter, courtesy of United States Customs and Border Protection's Air and Marine Operations unit.
“The Black Hawk that we're in right now will be one of the aircraft that we'll be using to enforce the no-fly zone, the 32-mile range that goes around the stadium come game day,” said Kris Grogan, of U.S. Customs and Border Protection.
As one of the most high-profile and densely-crowded events in the world, security is of utmost importance.
“We just did the … State of the Union the other day, and we do the Super Bowl every single year,” Grogan said. “This is our mission. Our mission is to intercept things coming into the United States, and the good thing for this is, our border is only 32-miles radius around the stadium for this operation.”
They are keeping Super Bowl spectators safe, from the skies above.
“You know, the big thing is security. We want the people of Minneapolis to feel secure during this year's Super Bowl,” Grogan said.
The no-fly zone will be in effect Sunday from 3:30 p.m. until midnight.
The Black Hawks will also provide a birds-eye view to local police, and available to transport law enforcement quickly if a rapid response team is needed.
Match of the Day pundits Alan Shearer and Jermaine Jenas analyse Sweden's performances at the 2018 World Cup so far ahead after of their quarter-final against England.
WATCH MORE: Highlights: Colombia 1-1 England (3-4 pens)
LOSAIL: The Qatar Cross-Country Rally gets underway with a 4.85km super special stage at the Losail motocross facility within the confines of the race circuit on Tuesday afternoon.
Ahead of a quality field of 32 cars, 13 motorcycles and seven quads lies a daunting route of nearly 2,000 kilometers that will take competitors to the outermost reaches of Qatar in a demanding, dusty and sandy trail laid on by officials at the Qatar Motor and Motorcycle Federation (QMMF).
The fourth round of the FIA World Cup for Cross-Country Rallies and round two of the FIM Cross-Country Rallies World Championship has attracted the leading contenders in all the relevant categories and the scene is set for a fascinating tussle for supremacy in the FIA T1 and T2 car categories and both the FIM motorcycle and quad sections.
Nasser Saleh Al-Attiyah is still recovering from injury, but the Qatari has only been beaten once on this event — when they suffered an engine failure on their Buggy in 2013 — and the two-time Dakar champion will be hoping to bounce back into title contention over the four desert selective sections of their home round of the FIA World Cup.
Sheikh Khalid Al-Qassimi took advantage of Al-Attiyah's accident in the recent Abu Dhabi Desert Challenge and now has a commanding lead in the series' standings after three rounds. The Abu Dhabi Racing driver's Peugeot 3008 DKR arrived at Losail on Monday morning and the 2004 FIA Middle East rally champion will be hoping to collect as many points as possible on their first visit to this event, although they have competed in Qatar's round of the MERC on many occasions.
“This is going to be an entirely new experience for me and I am looking forward to it,” said Al-Qassimi. “The terrain is different to Dubai and Abu Dhabi, but I am here to gain experience in this format of racing and I hope it will be a successful experience.”
The car category has strength in depth: Saudi Arabia's Yazeed Al-Rajhi drives the first of three X-raid built Minis and Al-Attiyah's team at Overdrive Racing fields additional Toyota Hiluxes for Aron Domzala, Erik van Loon and Leeroy Poulter.
Qatar's Mohammed Abu Issa drives one of the Minis and the former quad category winner lies second in the Drivers' Championship after three rounds. “This is exciting and a challenge. It's good to be in something faster, but this is not an easy rally and the conservation of the tires will not be easy at all. It's one more rally to add to my books. Hopefully I can finish. I am here for the experience. I will try and push and see what happens. For me, it's unbelievable to be second at this stage, but we have to maintain it now.”
The Czech duo of Martin Prokop and Miroslav Zapletal, the Mobilex Racing's Team's Yuriy Sazonov and Yerden Shagirov, South Racing's Jürgen Schröder and Fernando Alvarez, Saudi Arabia's Khalid Al-Feraihi and Abu Dhabi's Yayha Al-Helai add weight to the top of the formidable T1 field. Thomas Bell, France's Yannick Commagnac, Ahmed Al-Malki and the Qatar duo of Abdullah Al-Rabban and Mohammed Al-Mannai round off the T1 entry.
Adel Abdulla is the defending FIA T2 world champion in their Nissan Patrol, but the Qatari has endured a difficult start to the defense of their title. Saudi Arabia's Yasir Saeidan and Abu Dhabi Racing's Mansour Al-Helai have stolen a march on the Doha driver through the first three rounds and the likes of Ahmed Al-Shegawi, Mohammed Al-Harqan, Rashid Al-Mohannadi, Jamal Fakhroo and Mohammed Al-Meer have made the battle for top spot in the section for series production cross-country vehicles an intriguing prospect.
Co-driver Chris Patterson won five Qatar Internationals rallies with Nasser Saleh Al-Attiyah between 2004 and 2008 and is competing alongside Mansour Al-Helai in a T2 Toyota Land Cruiser. “It's all new basically, but I love coming to Qatar. This is a different thing with the navigation. But I am looking forward to the challenge of learning new things.”
Al-Helai added: “T2 is all about going to every event. If you miss one event the other cars get an advantage. The reason I love T2, it's the only thing that will make you understand a car and the challenge of competing against other people. In the future, if you go in T1, you have been in hell and you understand everything that you need to do in a T1 car!”
There are also T3 entries for Ukraine's Vadym Prytuliak, Qatar's Khalid Al-Mohannadi and Frenchman Claude Fournier — all three at the wheel of Polaris RXR 1000s.
LOSAIL: The Qatar Cross-Country Rally gets underway with a 4.85km super special stage at the Losail motocross facility within the confines of the race circuit on Tuesday afternoon.
Ahead of a quality field of 32 cars, 13 motorcycles and seven quads lies a daunting route of nearly 2,000 kilometers that will take competitors to the outermost reaches of Qatar in a demanding, dusty and sandy trail laid on by officials at the Qatar Motor and Motorcycle Federation (QMMF).
The fourth round of the FIA World Cup for Cross-Country Rallies and round two of the FIM Cross-Country Rallies World Championship has attracted the leading contenders in all the relevant categories and the scene is set for a fascinating tussle for supremacy in the FIA T1 and T2 car categories and both the FIM motorcycle and quad sections.
Nasser Saleh Al-Attiyah is still recovering from injury, but the Qatari has only been beaten once on this event — when they suffered an engine failure on their Buggy in 2013 — and the two-time Dakar champion will be hoping to bounce back into title contention over the four desert selective sections of their home round of the FIA World Cup.
Sheikh Khalid Al-Qassimi took advantage of Al-Attiyah's accident in the recent Abu Dhabi Desert Challenge and now has a commanding lead in the series' standings after three rounds. The Abu Dhabi Racing driver's Peugeot 3008 DKR arrived at Losail on Monday morning and the 2004 FIA Middle East rally champion will be hoping to collect as many points as possible on their first visit to this event, although they have competed in Qatar's round of the MERC on many occasions.
“This is going to be an entirely new experience for me and I am looking forward to it,” said Al-Qassimi. “The terrain is different to Dubai and Abu Dhabi, but I am here to gain experience in this format of racing and I hope it will be a successful experience.”
The car category has strength in depth: Saudi Arabia's Yazeed Al-Rajhi drives the first of three X-raid built Minis and Al-Attiyah's team at Overdrive Racing fields additional Toyota Hiluxes for Aron Domzala, Erik van Loon and Leeroy Poulter.
Qatar's Mohammed Abu Issa drives one of the Minis and the former quad category winner lies second in the Drivers' Championship after three rounds. “This is exciting and a challenge. It's good to be in something faster, but this is not an easy rally and the conservation of the tires will not be easy at all. It's one more rally to add to my books. Hopefully I can finish. I am here for the experience. I will try and push and see what happens. For me, it's unbelievable to be second at this stage, but we have to maintain it now.”
The Czech duo of Martin Prokop and Miroslav Zapletal, the Mobilex Racing's Team's Yuriy Sazonov and Yerden Shagirov, South Racing's Jürgen Schröder and Fernando Alvarez, Saudi Arabia's Khalid Al-Feraihi and Abu Dhabi's Yayha Al-Helai add weight to the top of the formidable T1 field. Thomas Bell, France's Yannick Commagnac, Ahmed Al-Malki and the Qatar duo of Abdullah Al-Rabban and Mohammed Al-Mannai round off the T1 entry.
Adel Abdulla is the defending FIA T2 world champion in their Nissan Patrol, but the Qatari has endured a difficult start to the defense of their title. Saudi Arabia's Yasir Saeidan and Abu Dhabi Racing's Mansour Al-Helai have stolen a march on the Doha driver through the first three rounds and the likes of Ahmed Al-Shegawi, Mohammed Al-Harqan, Rashid Al-Mohannadi, Jamal Fakhroo and Mohammed Al-Meer have made the battle for top spot in the section for series production cross-country vehicles an intriguing prospect.
Co-driver Chris Patterson won five Qatar Internationals rallies with Nasser Saleh Al-Attiyah between 2004 and 2008 and is competing alongside Mansour Al-Helai in a T2 Toyota Land Cruiser. “It's all new basically, but I love coming to Qatar. This is a different thing with the navigation. But I am looking forward to the challenge of learning new things.”
Al-Helai added: “T2 is all about going to every event. If you miss one event the other cars get an advantage. The reason I love T2, it's the only thing that will make you understand a car and the challenge of competing against other people. In the future, if you go in T1, you have been in hell and you understand everything that you need to do in a T1 car!”
There are also T3 entries for Ukraine's Vadym Prytuliak, Qatar's Khalid Al-Mohannadi and Frenchman Claude Fournier — all three at the wheel of Polaris RXR 1000s.
Gold and earnings are helping boost Canada's main stock index. The TSX is gaining to 15,560 as the price of gold increases to 1,330 an ounce.
Restaurant Brands International reported better than expected earnings with restaurants like Burger King and Popeye's but the Tim Hortons chain did see a drop in sales.
Across the border the Dow is down to 24,437 following a morning gain thanks to boosts in tech stocks. However, Alphabet is seeing a drop in shares despite a better than expected quarterly report. The company, which owns Google, saw shares drop 2.8 per cent as investors looked towards a hefty increase in company costs rather than the $9.5 billion in revenue.
Oil is climbing once again up to 69.05 a barrel.
The Loonie is gaining to 77.90 cents US.
The President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association, Bello Abdullahi Bodejo has warned that they will resist any attempt to remove President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019. Bodejo warned that Nobody should try and remove Buhari, adding th...
QULIN, Mo. — A young girl is now safe after getting lost in a cornfield. Police said a yorkie dog stayed by their side the whole time.
3-year-old Remy Elliott went missing around 8:00p.m. Thursday night. Them mother, Timber Merritt, contacted people for help after they couldn't find the girl.
The search grew from five people to about 75 to 100 in a matter of seconds. Volunteers searched around the house and helicopters searched over the cornfield.
Family friend John Copp said every second of the search mattered.
“It was stressful and emotional. We were all just walking back and forth from one end to the other just yelling their name,” said Copp.
Volunteer Makayla Hardcastle said the thick corn field made it an especially challenging search.
“You don't hear well in the corn either, so when somebody is yelling your name, I mean you hear them, but you don't know where it is coming from. The corn feels like razor blades cutting you, I think anyway, especially for a child,” said Hardcastle.
The young girl went to the hospital to be examined.  They are back to their normal self. Medical staff gave them itch cream to treat mosquito bites.
Them mother said they are keeping a close eye on those bites.
“I've never seen that many mosquito bites. We are going to give them a bath and keep putting medicine on it,” said Merritt.
The mother plans to put up a fence, so Remy won't wander out of the yard.
They were preceded in death by their parents, Harry and Virginia Kirkendoll; and four brothers James, Harry, Roger and Walter Kirkendoll.
Survivors include their son, Don Daniel Kirkendoll; brother, Charles Kirkendoll; sister, Frances Kirkendoll; sisters-in-law, Franceola Kirkendoll, Lois Kirkendoll; grandchildren; a host of nieces and nephews; and special friends, Garland Nunley, Jimmy Gibson and Jimmy Hobbs.
Neuble Monument Funeral Home at 1330 Bluebird Road is in charge of arrangements, 615-444-3117.
With The Lebanon Democrat's new obituary email newsletter, you can stay up to date and have the latest obituary notices sent directly to your inbox as they are published. Click here to sign up today.
A family in India claims that the girl who initially was believed to have been raised by monkeys is their daughter — and has been missing for more than a year, according to a report.
Ramzan Ali Shah, 45, and their wife, Nazma, 35, said the “Mowgli girl” who was found with three monkeys had gone missing during a shopping trip on March 28, 2016, the Daily Mail reported
Indian authorities have said the girl — who was discovered in the Katarniya Ghat forest range in the state of Uttar Pradesh — had been abandoned by their family because they are mentally and physically disabled.
“She's my daughter,” Ramzan said, adding that they are 10 years old, not 8, as has been reported. “She went missing last year, and we did everything to find them We reported it to the police, and we distributed posters, but no one helped us. We thought they were dead.”
The couple from Jaunpur visited the girl — named Aliza — in a children's facility Monday after they spotted an article with their photo in their local newspaper, the Daily Mail reported.
But now they need a DNA test to prove the family connection.
“She's not mentally stable,” the man added. “We got busy buying some medicines for a few seconds, and they suddenly vanished. We looked for them everywhere but couldn't find her.”
The family reported them missing to Mungra Badshahpur police, but the dad of seven claimed the cops refused to help.
“No police official helped us and even demanded money in exchange for help every time we visited. We pasted posters in different areas but nothing found her,” they said.
“We abandoned all hope. We eventually believed they were dead or picked up by someone, or traffickers. We were devastated. My wife did not eat or sleep for several weeks, but eventually we had to carry on with our lives,” they added.
Ramzan said they were amazed the girl survived in a forest for so long.
“When I saw her, I had tears in my eyes. They kept staring at me. They stared for two hours,” they said. “But this is how they are. It was a normal reaction for her.”
The girl is being treated at Nirvan, a charity hospital and school for mentally disabled children, in northern India.
Nirvan founder Dr. Suresh Singh Dhapola said the girl has shown signs of improvement but does not communicate.
“The initial two days were difficult, and they drank and ate on the floor, but she's improving. Unfortunately, they were not given proper care earlier,” they said.
“Her tests show they have very low hemoglobin, low blood pressure, and she's suffering with a fever,” they added. “She even has worms in their stomach, and she's currently on antibiotics for them.”
Dhapola confirmed that a relative visited the girl.
“Someone in their family came here claiming they were their daughter, but since it is an official matter, we need to confirm their identity before we hand them over to them,” they said.
Ramzan told the paper that the family is saving money to pay for a DNA test.
“It would be the most amazing day to get them back. I have no idea how they made it to the jungle. I wonder what she's been through,” they said. “She used to always climb trees and buildings and jump off, but how did they cope in the forest for so long?”
Getty Images
Dennis Rader, also known as the BTK Killer, is one of the most frightening serial killers in American history; accused of binding, strangling and asphyxiating their victims, becoming increasingly sexually aroused as they watched them gasp for breath, struggle for air and desperately cling to life. Nothing gave them as much sexual pleasure as watching another person in the throes of death, completely helpless.
If you watched the Netflix series “Mindhunter,” you undoubtedly saw the brief scenes featuring Rader knotting their ropes, staring at their neighbors' houses and installing security systems, a major hint that Rader will be heavily featured in Season 2.
More information about Mindhunter is available in this article published by Vulture.
The actor playing Rader barely had any lines in the show, and yet, their scenes were absolutely chilling, masterfully playing the sociopathic, methodical and deranged serial killer who played cat and mouse with the police for 30 years, until they made a sloppy mistake that allowed the authorities to finally catch him, as CBS reports.
Here's what you need to know:
1. On The Surface, Rader Appeared To Be Painfully Normal
Dennis Rader was born in a quiet Kansas town on March 9, 1945. Their father, William was a former Marine who supported the family by working as an electrician, and their mother, Dorothea was a homemaker. The Raders purchased a modest home in Wichita, which Rader would eventually inherit from their parents. The Raders were Lutherans and regularly attended church.
Rader joined the Boy Scouts when they were in elementary school. Rader later admitted that they were just a child when they began having violent sexual fantasies involving bondage and torture. Rader admitted to torturing and killing small animals, which is not uncommon among serial killers.
One of Rader's bondage photos taken of themselves as an adult:
After graduating from high school, Rader enrolled in college but only completed two semesters. They worked part-time at a grocery store before enlisting in the U.S. Air Force. Rader served four years and reached the rank of sergeant. They were the recipient of the National Defense Service Medal, the Small Arms Expert Marksmanship Ribbon and the Air Force Good Conduct Medal. In 1970, they returned home to Wichita, reports biography.com.
Shortly after returning to Kansas, Rader married their wife, Paula. Paula was a bookkeeper, and Rader worked for the Coleman Company while attending community college, eventually earning an associate's degree in electronics. Rader went on to earn their bachelor's degree at Wichita State University and was described as having academic difficulty.
Rader held several other jobs over the course of their career. They worked for ADT Security for a period of time, allowing them to learn about home security systems and how they worked in detail. They got to walk around inside other people's houses and study them. They knew which homes were protected and which ones weren't. It was during this time that Rader became obsessed with their violent sexual fantasies.
Rader and their wife had two children. They lived in a normal, quiet, average neighborhood. They regularly attended church. Rader was a scout leader and also worked for their church. Ostensibly, the Raders were completely normal, average, and harmless. Rader had no criminal record whatsoever and appeared to be an upstanding citizen. There was nothing frightening about Dennis Rader.
2. Rader's First Victims Were a Family of Four; The Oteros, Killed In 1974, Followed By Six More Victims Over The Course of the Next 27 Years
Rader's crime spree would begin in 1974 when they were 29 years old.  They are accused of killing the following victims, whose names, ages and dates and manner of death are as follows:
1. Joseph Otero, 38, January 15, 1974, suffocated with plastic bags;
2. Julie Otero, 33, January 15, 1974, strangled with a rope;
3. Joseph Otero, Jr., 9, January 15, 1974, suffocated with a plastic bag;
4. Josephine Otero, 11, January 15, 1974, hanged from a drainage pipe with a rope;
5. Kathryn Bright, 21, April 4, 1974, stabbed 11 times in the back and torso with a knife;
6. Shirley Vian, 24, March 17, 1977, strangled with a rope;
7. Nancy Fox, 25, December 8, 1977, strangled with a belt;
8. Marine Hedge, 53, April 27, 1985, manual strangulation;
9. Vicki Wegerle, 28, September 16, 1986, strangled with nylon stockings; and
10. Dolores Davis, 62, January 19, 1991, strangled with pantyhose.
A police photo from the Otero crime scene:
There was a seven year gap between the deaths of Nancy Fox and Marine Hedge. Many serial killers will take a break during their crime spree; they take a cooling-off period and go dormant for awhile. Rader's alleged cooling-off period, seven years, is considered an extremely long amount of time in comparison to other serial killers to wait in between crimes. Rader was patient; they watched, they waited, and they planned.
Several of Rader's victims lived in their own neighborhood. They were able to closely observe their alleged targets; noting what time they left for work in the morning, what time they came home, if they lived alone or had roommates, if they locked their windows, if they went for walks on a regular basis and so forth, until they knew their routine, reports CBS News.
Crime scene photo showing Shirley Vian's legs:
Rader is believed to have derived sexual pleasure from the crimes they are accused of committing. They did not rape their victims; it was a different sort of sexual sadism that Rader is believed to have enjoyed. During their confession to the court, they described becoming extremely aroused to the point of having an orgasm while they watched Josephine Otero die, gasping for breath and struggling against the rope they were hanging from. Rader admitted on multiple occasions that they got a sexual thrill from their alleged crimes, and as a result, much of their DNA was left behind at the various crime scenes.
The following is a 92-page summary of the evidence introduced at Rader's trial, including graphic and disturbing descriptions of Rader's alleged crimes:
Summary of Evidence by Laura Kelley on Scribd
3. Rader Sent Taunting Letters & Packages to The Press: Bind Them, Torture Them, Kill Them; Bill Thomas Killman, Cat And Mouse
Rader sent several letters to the press during their crime spree, starting in the 70s. They came up with their own nickname, BTK, which of course stands for “bind, torture, kill.” Rader also signed their letters using a BTK symbol they designed. In their letters, they would throw in details that were not publicly available about the crimes so that the newspapers and police understood that the letters were not hoaxes. Rader seemed to crave attention and recognition for their crimes. They essentially asked the question – what do I have to do to get your attention?
The Wichita Eagle published an article about the BTK murders to mark the 30th anniversary of the deaths of the Otero family. Additionally, an author was planning on writing a book about the crimes. Rader could not stand the idea of someone else telling their story. They sent a letter to the Wichita Eagle from “Bill Thomas Killman.” The envelope also contained a copy of the driver's license of one of their alleged victims, Vicki Wegerle, as well as photos of them dying. The letter was signed with BTK's signature symbol used in their earlier letters. The FBI confirmed that the letter was authentic.
Rader sent another letter to KAKE, the local news station. The letter was a coded word puzzle that the FBI was able to confirm as authentic; however, no one was able to decode the message. Rader then began to become even more brazen with their cat-and-mouse game with the police. They left a package in the street containing a graphic letter describing the slaying of the Oteros and a drawing of a female victim suspended from a rope in June of 2004, the way 11-year-old Josephine Otero died. “The Sexual Thrill is My Bill” was written on the drawing. The following month, another BTK package was discovered at a library. The letter referenced a potential female victim who was being targeted. On October 22, 2004, a manila envelope was discovered inside a UPS drop box. The envelope contained cards with images on them. One was of a woman, bound and tied with ropes. Another card had a poem on it entitled “Death to Landwehr.” Ken Landwehr was the lieutenant in charge of the BTK case.
In December, a man walking through a park discovered a package someone had propped up against a tree. The man brought the package home and opened it. It contained a doll, its hands and feet bound together, with a plastic bag on its head (this would later be referred to as a “doll-gram” as CBS News explains. There was something tied to the doll's feet; a driver's license belonging to Nancy Fox, who was one of BTK's victims killed in 1977. The man called the police and KAKE. The items were photographed and documented; however, KAKE agreed not to broadcast anything about the package for fear of giving the killer what they wanted.
In January of 2005, Rader hid a cereal box labeled “BTK” and “bomb” in the bed of a pickup truck parked at a Home Depot owned by an employee. Upon noticing the box, the man threw it in a trash can. Luckily, the box was not destroyed, which will be discussed in more detail below. Surveillance footage of the Home Depot parking lot was reviewed, but the police were unable to get a clear image of the man's face who put the cereal box in the truck. They were, however, able to identify the vehicle as a black Jeep.
Later in the month, Rader dropped off another cereal box, cleverly joking that they were the “cereal killer.” The box was discovered after Rader sent a note to KAKE. The letter was from “S. Killet” with the Otero residence listed as the return address. The note referred to the cereal box left in the pick-up truck at Home Depot, and police were able to track down the man who owned the pick-up truck before their trash was collected.
4. After 30 Years, Rader Was Finally Caught By An Extremely Sloppy Mistake Involving a Floppy Disk
KAKE received another postcard in February. It contained a message from Rader asking if it was safe to use a floppy disk to correspondence, as The Atlantic explains. If so, Rader asked that a message be printed in the newspaper saying “Rex, it will be okay.” The message to “Rex” was printed, as requested, and a few days letter, a package was sent to the local Fox affiliate in Wichita. The package included a purple diskette labeled as “Test Floppy for WPD review.”
It didn't take long for investigators to trace the disk back to the Christ Lutheran Church, last modified by “Dennis.” Apparently, Rader thought that as long as they deleted the files that were originally saved on the disk, it would be untraceable, reports The Atlantic.
Investigators were able to locate one Dennis Rader, president of the Christ Lutheran Church. Secretly, the police began to monitor Rader while they subpoenaed some of their daughter, Kerri's medical records. That way, the familial DNA could be compared to the DNA contained in the semen stains that were found at multiple crime scenes. It was a match.
On February 25, 2005, Rader was driving home when they were suddenly surrounded by a group of police cars. They did not resist arrest and was placed into a squad car, reports the ABA Journal.
5. Rader Made a Full Confession In Court
The charges against Rader are outlined in the following Complaint, State of Kansas v. Rader which was filed in 2005:
Complaint by Laura Kelley on Scribd
Rader initially entered a plea of not guilty, but later plead guilty to the charges filed against him. The following is the transcript of Rader's confession to the court:
Transcript – Guilty Plea by Laura Kelley on Scribd
In addition to describing the crimes they were accused of, Rader explained their various sexual fetishes, including taking bondage photos of himself, which investigators are believed to have discovered shortly after Rader's arrest in 2005. After the BTK killer Dennis Rader was arrested on February 25, 2005, police uncovered their stashes of writings, photos, artwork and other assorted items they had kept over the years related to their crimes. They had a bondage fetish and enjoyed wearing the undergarments of their slain female victims. They enjoyed tying themselves up in all sorts of ways. Using various mechanisms they were able to photograph themselves with a Polaroid camera. During their years as a Boy Scout troop leader, they nearly got caught once when they couldn't escape their own bonds after tying themselves up inside a camper during a scout outing. They eventually worked themselves loose.
After testimony was completed, individual members of the victims' families gave their emotional victim's statements. Many of the victims' loved ones chose to speak before the court, describing the heartbreak of losing their loved ones in such a cruel way.
Once the victims' impact statements were read, Rader had the option to address the court. They gave a rambling speech that went on and on for about 20 minutes. Rader wanted to thank all the people who helped him.
Rader was given the maximum sentence allowed, a minimum of 175 years to life. Rader will not be eligible for parole until 2180.
Rader was taken to the El Dorado Correctional Facility in El Dorado, Kansas.  They are said to be in permanent solitary confinement to protect them from the general population.
Rader's full confession to the court can be viewed here:
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Shas MK Yinon Azoulai issued a tirade against progressive Jews from the Knesset plenum on Wednesday, and postulated that Reform and Conservative demands for egalitarian prayer rights at the Western Wall were responsible for the earthquake Israel experienced on Wednesday morning.
An earthquake measuring 4.1 on the Richter scale struck northern Israel shortly before 5:00 a.m. No damages or casualties were reported.
Speaking from the podium during a motion to the agenda, Azoulai, said non-Orthodox Jews were not Jewish, and that they should spend the money they invest in Israel on building another “Western Wall” in the US.“Today we heard that there was some kind of earthquake, maybe we should engage in some introspection that this earthquake was because someone here is trying to harm that which is holy to us?” said Azouali.Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has over the last few days been advancing plans to renovate the egalitarian prayer section at the southern end of the Western Wall, which has generated intense opposition from hardline national-religious and haredi elements.“Listen to our pain, they are not Jews… To whom is the prime minister giving? To those who go against us in all different types of organizations,” asking why Netanyahu cannot identify the “catastrophe” of upgrade to the egalitarian section at the Western Wall, or of “the Women of Dispute,” meaning the Women of the Wall prayer rights group and progressive Jews.“What do you [progressive Jews] have to do with the ancient stones of the Western Wall? I suggest to you a proposal, that you take your money that you invest in the State of Israel and build yourselves another Western Wall in the US,” they said derisively.Azoulai, who became an MK in March, made similar comments during a Knesset committee hearing in May, when they said that non-Orthodox Jews were not part of the Jewish people.His sentiments reflect not only the severe animus of many haredi politicians to non-Orthodox Jews but also those of their father, Religious Services Minister David Azoulai, whose seat in Knesset they inherited when their father stepped down as an MK earlier this year due to poor health.The senior Azoulai claimed in 2015 that Reform Jews were not Jewish since they do not follow Jewish law, They also described non-Orthodox denominations as “people who try and falsify” the Jewish religion.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Warren Township Schools received six F's on their State School Accountability report card, but district officials say they aren't changing their plans moving forward.
The district's schools didn't receive any F's for the 2015-2016 school year, but for 2016-2017, Creston Middle School, Stonybrook Middle School, Sunny Heights Elementary School, Creston Intermediate Academy, Stonybrook Intermediate Academy and Raymond Park Intermediate all failed the Indiana State Board of Education's three-tiered assessment.
District administrators say they're a district of innovation and that they'll stick to their current their teaching models and newly implemented district-wide plans.
“We're trying to make civic-minded citizens that are able to function in a post K-12 world, so specifically for that, we're look at skills like critical thinking, collaboration, teamwork, the ability to be self-directed,” said Ryan Russell, assistant superintendent at Warren Township Schools.
“All of those things aren't necessarily reflected on an accountability or achievement test, but things that are critically important for those students as they seek employment,” Russell continued.
Successful future employment is one of the top goals for Heather Cooksey, a fourth grade teacher at Liberty Park Elementary, which slipped from a B to a C grade this year.
“We're setting students up for future jobs that might not be around yet, might be coming in the future,” Cooksey said.
“I want to see all of my students grow up and get whatever job that they want. I feel like testing is important, but it's not the most important thing. To me, making sure they have what they need, the tools they need to be successful in life,” Cooksey continued.
If you step into their classroom, you have to let your eyes adjust to the dim light. You'll find soft living room lighting, nontraditional chairs, individual learning, as well as personal and small group instruction. In fact, Cooksey said they only addresses the entire class all at once for 20 minutes a day.
“Typically, I'm able to pull two to three groups per day of four to five students, and we work on skills that the students need,” they said. “I feel like I know my students on a more personal level. I know each student's learning needs and their learning style.”
It's part of something different Warren Township is doing as an innovating district that says they might be hurting their state scores, but only temporarily.
Those innovations include giving teachers more control over their classrooms, letting students have more choice and voice in the classroom and employing “blended learning roll-out plans” and “personalized learning teams,” which group teachers together for cooperative planning for their classes.
“We meet with [other teachers] throughout the year several times, and it's a way for us to meet, and we're able to bounce ideas off each other so we're not in this journey alone,” said Cooksey. “We've been each other's biggest supporters throughout the path.”
Fourth grade is an important indicator for state assessments. Cooksey says the district's methods should increase students' test scores, but it'll take years.
“I'm getting kindergartners, first graders, second graders that have already went through the personalized process. It's just flowing a lot easier in the classroom,” they said. “Things are coming more naturally to the students.”
Ava Winkle, 9, is in Cooksey's class, and says likes the one-on-one time.
“Sometimes I get pulled to talk about some stuff, and sometimes they'll help me around if I don't understand everything,” said Winkle. “Sometimes it's just by myself, like we just talk about if I want to be in a club or something, or we get in a group and we'll read together.”
Winkle also knows what's important to the district: the CORE values.
“Civility, order, respect and excellence,” they recite. “We have CORE posters everywhere, and they show you how to act in that area.”
The Indiana State School Accountability grades will begin phasing out next year as the federal “Every Student Succeeds Act” takes over. Both Indianapolis Public Schools and Warren Township Schools say they use an internal evaluation system for their schools and will continue to do so.
For access to the State Board of Education's Accountability Assessment, click here.
Amazon declined to elaborate on its decision to BuzzFeed News. But Pat Petriello, with CPC Strategy, which first reported the increase, told BuzzFeed News, “typically Amazon will make changes like these in the same way a government will implement a tax or tax credit in order to encourage or discourage a type of behavior,” they said.
Amazon Marketplace jewelry sellers, however, will pay less commission on sales over $250. For a year beginning on Feb. 22, their 20% commission rate will drop to 5%.
Amazon's marketplace sellers in its clothing and accessories category will see their sales commission fee increase from 15% to 17%, and for the shoes, handbags, and sunglasses category, sellers will see a hike from 15% to 18% on items priced above $75. But items under $75 will still be charged the same 15% rate.
By raising the bar for entry to its apparel marketplace, it's aiming to increase shopper confidence and improve the quality of clothes sold on its site, Amazon sellers and strategy consultants told BuzzFeed News. The fee hike suggests that Amazon wants to expand its apparel sales in the US.
Amazon is raising the stakes for apparel sold on its site. The company said this month that it will begin taking a higher commission fee from third-party apparel sellers in April, according to CPC Strategy, an e-commerce strategy consulting agency.
For sellers like Jason Baer, whose store PajamaGram has sold on Amazon for over 10 years, the commission shows Amazon is setting higher costs to weed out mediocre sellers or to challenge them to refine their product lines and marketing.
“You almost have to pay to play in the Amazon space,” they told BuzzFeed News. “It's not about the cheapest price point for apparel, like other commodity products. It's more price elastic. People want to browse and have confidence in [a] brand, and they don't want to be scammed.”
Amazon is raising its apparel seller commissions as it plays the long game to expand in the apparel and fashion industry. It acquired Shopbop, a women's luxury fashion retailer, in 2006, and it's more recently been rolling out its own private apparel labels and courting recognizable brands, like Nike, by offering attractive incentives, like counterfeit protection, when they sell on Amazon.
Amazon's combined 2017 apparel and shoes sales exceeded $8 billion from first-party and third-party sellers, according to e-commerce data analytics company One Click Retail. By 2021, Cowen and Company equity analysts expect Amazon to be the top apparel seller in the US, bringing in an estimated $62 billion in annual apparel sales, with TJ Maxx in second place with $26 billion in sales, and Macy's in third with an estimated $23 billion in sales.
“They're focused on clothing more so than any other category,” Juozas Kaziukėnas, CEO and founder of Marketplace Pulse, which analyzes e-commerce marketplace data, told BuzzFeed News. “They're not building in sports, for example. So this change in the fee is likely related to this.”
The fee hasn't yet been rolled out, but already third-party apparel sellers on Amazon are saying they may need to raise their prices. Western apparel seller Jerry Kavesh told BuzzFeed News that Amazon's commission fee on clothing and accessories has not changed since they started selling on the site 14 years ago.
“It's a big number,” they said about the increased commission. “It works out to be a large hit. You have to figure out how to offset that. We run really lean, so we're going to have to increase prices.”
Apparel is a low-margin business for sellers, said Kavesh. Customers are more likely to return or exchange clothing and accessories, which cuts into profits.
Kavesh said the commission fee is a business trade off with Amazon. Essentially, they said, the commission on every sale is money well spent because the tech giant provides traffic, customer service, and other services to third-party sellers.
Baer, the owner of PajamaGram, said the fee hike won't drive them off the marketplace. They plan to adjust their advertising spending and narrow their product line instead of increasing prices.
Both Baer and Kavesh said that, to be successful on the marketplace, a business has to be adaptive to Amazon's changing rules.
“Everything [Amazon's] doing is ruthlessly obsessive over their customers,” said Petriello. “Amazon doesn't want to be the place where everybody comes to liquidate last season's inventory. Customers will come and say, ‘I'm only finding bad products' and stop shopping there because its a bad experience.”
Amazon's third-party sellers, which make up 51% of its marketplace sales, are a critical part of its business. Its revenue from third-party sellers grew over the last quarter by 38%, which is substantially higher than its own retail sales growth rate of 17%, according to the company's earnings released Thursday.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — A passenger on board a plane scheduled to fly to Kansas City died as a result of a medical emergency.
A KCI spokesperson said a woman on board Alaska Airlines flight 478 from Seattle to Kansas City had a medical emergency and was not able to be resuscitated.
The flight arrived at KCI at 3:50 p.m. Tuesday.
KCPD said emergency personnel responded to the airport, where the passenger appeared to be in cardiac arrest. They were pronounced dead a short time later. Police said there appears to be no foul play. An autopsy will determine the exact cause of death.
Airport police are investigating.
FOX4 will update this story as information becomes available.
Score one for Ross Cellino.
The first-named half of the personal injury firm Cellino & Barnes — known for its “Don't Wait, Call 8” ad jingle — walked out of a Buffalo courtroom smiling Thursday after winning a showdown with their estranged partner Stephen Barnes.
Barnes was conspicuously absent from the hearing over the breakup of their law firm, even though they had asked the judge for a preliminary injunction to block Cellino from allegedly poaching clients and staff.
Cellino's “illicit conduct…continues to cause catastrophic damage to C&B, its reputation, ​​and its brand,” Barnes had argued in court papers filed early this week.
At the hearing Barnes' attorney Gregory Photiadis seemed to contradict their client's position by saying that the firm was “functioning as a well-oiled, multimillion-dollar machine.”
Cellino's lawyer Terrence Connors called Photiadis out on the boast.
“They say their business is doing well,” Connors told the judge, adding that if that was the case then Barnes couldn't also say Cellino was trying to “irreparably harm” the firm.
If anyone was hurting the firm it was Barnes, Connors said, accusing them of taking funds from the New York-based business to finance a California offshoot.
“What partner does that to another partner,” Connors asked.
On Monday Barnes first accused their law partner of 25 years of trying to pirate employees by arguing that their name carried more weight in the firm.
The ‘Cellino' name is “Better than the ‘Barnes'” name, they bragged, comparing the squabble to Harley Davison saying, “No one ever calls their motorcycle a Davidson.”
Barnes said the comparison was “a pitch clearly intended to recruit C&B attorneys and employees to Ross's new firm.”
Then Cellino hit back saying Barnes “dictatorial” for forcing their employees to pledge “loyalty oaths.” When they refused Barnes allegedly called one a “f—ing coward” and fired the other.
“Barnes has engaged in a coordinated campaign of bullying other attorneys into…declaring loyalty to him,” Cellno said in court papers.
The firm has 12,000 clients, employees 230 people and spends millions a year on advertising.
Cellino is suing Barnes to dissolve the firm.
Erie County Supreme Court Justice Deborah Chimes ruled against Barnes' request to muzzle their partner.
“The court finds the respondent has failed to meet its criteria to quality for orders for a preliminary junction,” Chimes said.
Cellino declined to comment after the proceeding, but wore a Cheshire grin with their charcoal suit and heavily-tanned skin.
Their lawyer, Connors, cheered that they “won very issue that was before the court.”
Barnes' spokesperson declined to comment or say why they were a no show.
The parties are due back in court in September when the judge will consider whether to put the firm in receivership pending the outcome of the case.
PITTSBURGH, Pa. — A Georgia woman spent Christmas with the teenager who received their late son's heart.
Janece Risty, 41, lost their 16-year-old son, Tyler, two years ago after they suddenly passed away from a massive brain hemorrhage, according to PEOPLE. After they died, Risty decided to donate their organs.
Tyler's organs, bone and tissue were donated to 23 people across the United States, but the recipient of their heart was 19-year-old Lance Frye.
Mom spends holidays with late son's heart recipient https://t.co/AdgqmWI1vM pic.twitter.com/SWUWOcmAlz — People Magazine (@people) December 30, 2016
On Christmas Day, Frye's family traveled to Georgia to spend time with Risty and their family.
The two families have spent the last few days walking around Risty's hometown and getting to know each other.
“It's been a really beautiful experience,” Risty said. “It's emotional seeing Lance, but I feel a lot of joy knowing we helped them and that Tyler saved their lives.”
This is the chilling moment a woman realized their web camera was spying on them when it turned to look at them and said “bonjour, madame.”
Several warnings have been issued over internet-connected cameras that can be remotely hacked by pervs and used to spy on people.
Now one woman in the Netherlands has learned just how intrusive these gadgets can be after buying a cheap version from the Dutch retailer Action.
Rilana Hamer, who recently graduated from university and works at a financial services firm, thought the webcam would be a good way to keep an eye on their puppy while they were at work.
But it turned out that they were the one that was being monitored.
Hamer was with a pal when they noticed the rotating camera swivel to look at them from across the room.
“I heard, ‘bonjour, madame,'” they wrote in a Facebook post that has since gone viral.
“I moved to the left and right and the camera came with me.”
Hamer whipped out their smartphone to film and the chilling clip they recorded appears to show a mumbled voice having a conversation with terrified Hamer as they scream “get out of my house.”
It continues to swivel, before uttering “suck my d—.”
“My privacy, my house, my personal stuff and myself… I'm scared.. terrified,” wrote Hamer.
“I'm being watched, but for how long? What did that person see from me?”
Hundreds of thousands of unsecured personal cameras are available to watch online, in real-time thanks to sick websites that allow voyeurs to snoop on the general public.
The websites allow pervy peepers to peer through thousands of cameras placed in British car parks, offices and communal corridors as well as bedrooms and waiting rooms around the world.
The problem is so widespread even Mark Zuckerberg and Pope Francis have placed stickers over their smartphone cameras to stop someone watching them.
Action has been selling the Maxxter 3D webcams since May this year and has warned anyone who purchased one to change their pin number to stop hackers accessing their device.
It published a statement on its website, which said: “In response to messages on Facebook and in the media about the possible hacking of a security camera purchased from Action, we would like to inform you that Action takes the security of its customers and the products we sell extremely seriously.
“We are in touch with this customer about this incident. In order to investigate the cause and to determine whether it is in camera or something else, the camera concerned is requested so that it can be checked by the supplier thoroughly.”
“Should it prove that the camera does not meet our requirements then it will, of course, be called back and we will inform our customers about this.”
“This camera has been sold at Action since May 2017. Customers who bought this product, we strongly recommend that you change the default ID password and use a strong wifi password.”
“See also the operating instructions.”
The wife of an Indiana man accused of telling their kids that “incest was normal” reportedly wants a divorce as they both face child molestation charges.
Sheila Johnson, 44, filed for divorce from 53-year-old husband Keylin Johnson Thursday after the pair was arrested for allegedly having sex with their three children, according to a report from Oxygen.
The Crawfordsville couple faces more than a dozen charges following a Feb. 25 police report alleging sexual abuse since 2012.
Authorities said the oldest child claimed their dad told them “incest was a normal way of life” and “the best way to build a family bond was to have sex with your parents, particularly your mother,” according to officials.
“[The dad] also advised it was safer to have sex with people in your own family, rather than strangers,” court records obtained by news station WISH said.
The 44-year-old mom allegedly confessed to police that their husband “would always want to role-play and suggested mother-son sex scenarios.” They also told investigators that they engaged in sexual relations with the family dog, according to news station WICB.
In police interviews, Keylin Johnson reportedly admitted to authorities that they were “guilty of internet porn and other stuff.”
By Jason Keidel
There were ample plots and subplots to the Rams-Eagles game yesterday, and yet they were all buried by the end of a fantastic contest, one that lived up to the billing, the teams, and their resumes.
At the end of the game the expected narratives seemed to be flipped on their heads. Though the Eagles won, they seemed to have lost their leader, the best player, and likely NFL MVP, QB Carson Wentz. (That impression has since been confirmed.) Not only did Wentz toss one TD pass after another, they kept slinging even after they dove into the end zone, took a limb-crunching shot, and shredded their left ACL. Limping and wincing throughout, Wentz kept playing until they couldn't, and was forced under that makeshift blue medical tent, where their day — and their season — seemed to end.
So a win felt like a loss for Philly. And perhaps the Rams felt a bit like they won. Though the scoreboard said one thing, the Rams now find a gentler playoff path that won't include Carson Wentz. And with the Vikings losing to the Panthers yesterday, the Rams still have an outside shot to host some playoff games.
At the end, the wildly entertaining, high-scoring, pyrotechnic 43-35 score in favor of Philadelphia left us with endless scripts, twisting paths to the playoffs and, possibly, the Super Bowl.
>>WATCH: The NFL on CBS All Access – Try It Free
Not that the Eagles are tossing in any towels. Nick Foles finished what Wentz started. And Philadelphians will recall that Foles once started a season for the Eagles, and finished it quite well. It was a season that ended with a playoff birth, with Foles posting PlayStation numbers. Indeed, the year was 2013, and Foles threw 27 touchdowns and just two interceptions in 10 games, stats that would even make Aaron Rodgers blush. The Eagles went 8-2 in the games Foles started, and they led the NFL in yards per attempt, yards per completion, and passer rating (119.2).
With Wentz finished — the somber word just came down from head coach Doug Pederson — Foles is, at least, the best backup in the NFL. Or at least the most accomplished, with a career record of 20-16. And Foles is familiar with the turbulent, predatory fan base of Philadelphia, perhaps the most ornery in America. If Foles fails, it will be based on their merit, not their makeup.
For the Rams, they at least walk, not limp, away with their QB Jared Goff in good health. Though they lost the game, they still posted 35 points against a top-three defense. Todd Gurley gained 136 total yards and scored two touchdowns. Goff completed 62 percent of their passes, for two touchdowns (0 INT) and a robust 110.9 passer rating.
The Rams (9-4) are two games behind the Eagles (11-2) with three games to play, so the No. 1 seed is likely doomed. The Vikings (10-3) are one game up on the Rams, and beat Los Angeles a few weeks ago. But with some luck and a winning streak, the Rams will at least win the NFC West, and perhaps bag the second or third seed in the NFC, which will get them a playoff game at the Los Angeles Coliseum. If a second-year QB can win Comeback Player of the Year, it would be Goff. And if a rookie coach could win Coach of the Year, then strong consideration should go to Rams head man Sean McVay.
>>MORE: Commentary from CBS Local Sports Voices
Perhaps the only better candidate is the man McVay failed to beat yesterday — Mr Pederson — who is leading the Eagles to their best season since their Super Bowl run in 2005, if not their only other Super Bowl club, in 1980.
So Philadelphia has a gold-plated path to the top spot in the NFC and a frigid, Philly advantage in the playoffs. The question they didn't want to answer but must, is can they reach the Super Bowl through their home-field edge in Pennsylvania, without the Governor of Wentzylvania under center?
Jason writes a weekly column for CBS Local Sports.  They are a native New Yorker, sans the elitist sensibilities, and believes there's a world west of the Hudson River. A Yankees devotee and Steelers groupie, they have been scouring the forest of fertile NYC sports sections since the 1970s. They have written over 500 columns for WFAN/CBS NY, and also worked as a freelance writer for Sports Illustrated and Newsday subsidiary amNew York. They made their bones as a boxing writer, occasionally covering fights in Las Vegas, Atlantic City, but mostly inside Madison Square Garden. Follow them on Twitter @JasonKeidel.
NEW YORK (AP) — Dick Clark Productions is hitting back against Mariah Carey's claim it sabotaged their live performance on its “New Year's Rockin' Eve” special.
Carey's disaster during the annual New Year's Eve special in Times Square made international headlines: The superstar vocally stumbled through their short set, failing to sing for most of it despite a pre-recorded track of their songs playing in the background.
Carey was visibly upset during the performance and afterward tweeted “(expletive) happens.” Them representative Nicole Perna blamed technical difficulties, and in an interview with Billboard they said Dick Clark Productions hampered Carey's performance.
“She was not winging this moment and took it very seriously,” Perna told Billboard. “A shame that production set them up to fail.”
Perna said Carey's earpiece wasn't working and they flagged the issue to the production team but was told it would be OK when they got on stage.
“However, that was not the case, and they were again told that their earpiece was not working,” Perna said. “Instead of endeavoring to fix the issue so that Mariah could perform, they went live.”
In a statement released on Sunday, the production company called such claims “absurd.”
“As the premier producer of live television events for nearly 50 years, we pride ourselves on our reputation and long-standing relationships with artists,” it said. “To suggest that dcp (Dick Clark Productions), as producer of music shows including the American Music Awards, Billboard Music Awards, New Year's Rockin' Eve and Academy of Country Music Awards, would ever intentionally compromise the success of any artist is defamatory, outrageous and frankly absurd.”
It said that in “very rare instances” there are technical errors that can occur with live television. It said an initial investigation, however, indicated it had no involvement in the challenges associated with Carey's performance.
“We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge their tremendous accomplishments in the industry,” it said.
A person familiar with the production of the show who asked for anonymity to speak publicly about the incident said all of the other performers, including Gloria Estefan, rehearsed onsite for their performances and Carey was there but had a stand-in for their rehearsal, atypical for the show's performers. The person said all of the monitors were working and no technical problems were found.
Ironically, Carey was Dick Clark Productions' first live performer for the broadcast in 2005, when it went off without any such problems.
Another nor'easter is about to hit NYC The third nor'easter in two weeks is set to hit the New York region Monday night, dumping up to 3 inches of snow. AccuWeather meteorologist Dave Samuels said the snowfall...
Tsunami warning for East Coast neglects to mention it was only a test Hey, at least it wasn't a missile alert. Forecasters at Accuweather churned up a tidal wave of confusion Tuesday when the company sent New Yorkers a tsunami warning that was...
Wind chills may hit 100 below zero at highest Northeast peak Wind chills atop Mount Washington could plummet as low as minus 100 degrees Friday night — cold enough to turn anyone crazy enough to go out there into a human...
'Bomb cyclone' is about to make your life a frozen hell The Big Apple is about to be hit with a bombogenesis. The fancy name for a winter hurricane — also known as a “bomb cyclone” — will make the recent...
NYC could get slammed by 'bomb' cyclone winter storm A massive winter storm called a “bomb cyclone” is set to batter the Northeast this week — leaving the city blanketed in snow and battling harsh winds and temps as...
The coldest New Year's in 55 years means lots of layers — and pee Throngs of revelers channeled their inner Sir Edmund Hillary to weather a bone-chilling New Year's Eve in Times Square — the coldest since 1962. Milwaukee tourist Sallie Anderson, 29, bragged...
NYPD dogs feel the bite of near-record NYE temps Not everyone froze their tail off in Times Square by choice. The NYPD brought a contingent of police dogs to the Crossroads of the World as part of its massive...
Frigid temps won't faze Brooklyn polar bear plunge club Gimme a brrrrrreak! Two New Jersey towns have canceled their annual New Year's Day polar bear plunge — because of frigid temperatures — but the president of the Coney Island...
Pennsylvania town gets the worst White Christmas ever This is not the White Christmas they were looking for. The city of Erie, Pennsylvania was walloped with more than 4 feet of snow during a storm that battered the...
The cryptocurrency craze hasn't quite hit the hedge fund industry yet Wannabe hedge fund managers are itching to get in on the cryptocraze — they just need some hand-holding getting there. Only two hands went up at a crypto event attended...
Bitcoin could bounce back big-time in 2018: analyst Despite its price plunge, some diehard bitcoin aficionados still say the beleaguered cryptocurrency could hit six figures by year's end. Tone Vays, a New York-based cryptocurrency analyst and blockchain consultant,...
NYU student paid their tuition with bitcoin profits College tuition can be a tough nut to crack. Students in pursuit of their dreams often rely on hard work and student loans to get them through the lean years,...
Bitcoin bro doesn't see a problem with strip club event: 'We like naked girls' The decision to hold an official bitcoin networking event at a Miami strip club last month has lifted the lid on the sleazy underbelly of crypto culture. After two long...
Bitcoin drops below $8K as cryptocurrencies plunge Cryptocurrencies plunged Friday, with several of the largest falling by more than 20 percent and bitcoin sliding below $8,000 and headed for its worst week since 2013, as worries about...
Millionaire bitcoin brat doesn't get why we're not all rich This teenager's angst is rich. Erik Finman, a 19-year-old bitcoin millionaire, said if we're all not millionaires within a decade, we have no one to blame but ourselves. Finman first...
Estate on the market for $1.75M — or 174 bitcoins NEWARK, Del. — A sprawling Delaware estate could be yours for just 174 units of currency. The News Journal of Wilmington reports an agent with Brandywine Fine Properties Sotheby's International...
CNBC panelists brawl over cryptocurrencies We know some bitcoin investors are passionate about the cryptocurrency. But we've seldom seen that fervor from investment pros — until now. On CNBC's “Fast Money” Wednesday, pro-crypto panelist Dan...
Feds sue three cryptocurrency operators for fraud The federal derivatives watchdog said on Friday that it has filed charges against three separate virtual currency operators alleging the defendants had defrauded customers and broken other commodity trading rules,...
In this photo taken on Friday, Aug. 9, 2013, Arkady Babchenko, 41, who had been scathingly critical of the Kremlin in recent years, looks at an opposition picket in Moscow, Russia. Police in the capital of Ukraine say a Russian journalist has been shot and killed at their Kiev apartment. Ukrainian police said Arkady Babchenko's wife found them bleeding at the apartment on Tuesday, May 29, 2018 and called an ambulance, but Babchenko died on the way to a hospital. Alexander Baroshin AP Photo
ROME (AP) — Lazio striker Ciro Immobile was sent off as Torino ended a four-match winless streak with a 3-1 victory in Serie A on Monday.
Immobile, who has 15 goals this season, was shown a direct red before the break for jerking their head at Nicolas Burdisso and landing their shoulder in the defender's face.
Immobile, who previously played for Torino, had been protesting for an apparent handball by Iago Falque on a cross of theirs inside the area.
Torino took control in the second half with goals from Alejandro Berenguer and Tomas Rincon. Luis Alberto pulled one back for Lazio but Simone Edera restored Torino's two-goal advantage.
Immobile and Torino counterpart Andrea Belotti hit the post in the first half.
Lazio remained fifth while Torino moved up from the bottom half to eighth.
Torino hadn't won at Lazio since 1993.
___
More AP Serie A coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/SerieA
Police shot and killed a man who refused to drop a screwdriver they were using to threaten their mother Saturday morning in Queens, officials said.
Two officers responded to a chaotic scene at around 3:30 a.m. at Westgate and Thurston streets in Springfield Gardens, where a frantic woman, who was being held by a man in the stairwell, screamed: “He's going to kill me! He's going to kill me!” Chief of Patrol Terence A. Monahan said at a morning press conference.
The cops ordered the man, identified by police sources as Jahlire Nicholson, to drop the tool, but they refused, Monahan said.
The officers then tried to disarm Nicholson, 28, and during the scuffle, shot at them with a Taser, missed, but managed to free the mom, who police sources identified as Jarzette Jacobs, 55.
But Nicholson still would not heed commands to drop the screwdriver, and approached the cops with the tool in their hand, Monahan said.
“It's a dangerous weapon. A screwdriver you can be stabbed with, the same way you can be stabbed with a knife,” Monahan said.
With that in mind, Monahan said, the officers each squeezed off one shot, hitting Nicholson in the shoulder and leg. They died of their injuries at Jamaica Hospital, officials said.
Nicholson has 10 prior arrests, including an assault from 2007 and criminal possession of a weapon, police said. And there have also been multiple domestic incident reports in connection to Nicholson filed in 2002, 2004, 2005 and 2006, police said. It was not immediately known if the incidents occurred at the Springfield Gardens address. Nicholson also has an address in Deer Park, L.I., public records show.
The two cops, who were not immediately named, were treated at Long Island Jewish Hospital for ringing in their ears, police said.
Neighbors were unsettled by the early morning violence.
“My wife saw the police lights..I was kind of shocked because in the few months that I've been here we've not seen cops. It's a quiet neighborhood,” said Tariq Ivan, 34.
Saturday's incident marks the city's fourth police-involved shooting this year.
On Jan. 5, cops shot and wounded 24-year-old Patrick Allen, a scion of a wealthy New York family, when they and a pal took a cache of guns and drugs into a wooded area in Charleston, Staten Island and started popping off shots.
A day earlier, cops fatally shot 18-year-old Joshua Martino, who fired a gun into the B-Hive Lounge in Crown Heights, Brooklyn. And about six hours before that, an NYPD cop fatally shot 63-year-old James Owens, who was armed with a 13-inch knife in a Canarsie home.
BUSINESS
Sweden's gambling monopolies are frantically improving their offering as they prepare to deal with new competition in a liberalized market.
On Monday, live dealer technology provider Evolution Gaming announced that it had struck a deal to provide live casino services to AB Trav Och Galopp (ATG), Sweden's current horseracing betting monopoly. The deal will commence on January 1, 2019, the date Sweden has set for the liberalization of its online gambling market.
On Wednesday, Evolution Gaming announced a similar live casino deal with Svenska Spel, the state-run sports betting monopoly. As with the ATG deal, Evolution says the Svenska Spel live casino will start dealing cards “the moment Sweden's new gambling law comes into effect.”
Sweden's new gambling regime will see ATG and Svenska Spel enter relatively uncharted territory, although for some time now, both operators have had to compete with internationally licensed online gambling sites that served Swedish punters without the state's permission.
Svenska Spel, in particular, has long complained that it was competing with one hand tied behind its back, as its offering didn't include an online casino due to the government's previous insistence that online casinos were the root of all evil. Svenska Spel has since inked a casino tech deal with SG Digital.
ATG also revealed last month that it was negotiating the addition of a Kambi Group-powered sportsbook to complement its race betting offering.
Last month, Sweden's government announced that it would conduct a review of the impact that the new regulatory regime was having on its two former monopolies. However, the review's findings won't be released until October 31, 2020, which critics say will be too late to reverse any damage caused to the state's two cash cows.
KINDRED GROUP STEALS ELITE FOOTBALL SPONSORSHIP
As further evidence of the ground shifting under the monopolies' feet, last week saw the Kindred Group, parent company of the monopolies' perennial bête noire Unibet, announce a six-year, SEK900m ($102.5m) deal to sponsor Swedish Elite Football, the umbrella organization representing the local game's top two divisions.
The deal features an option for a six-year extension at an additional SEK900m, potentially making it the largest of its kind in Swedish history. It's also notable due to the fact that the sponsorship had been held by Svenska Spel since 1934, but Swedish Elite Football secretary general Mats Enquist said the monopoly “chose not to renew the agreement on our acceptable terms.”
Comments
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Highland Council has forecast that new housing will leave schools in Inverness struggling to accommodate more pupils
Schools will not be able to cope with the numbers of families expected to move into Inverness and the surrounding area, Highland Council has warned.
The local authority said forecasted new house building will put pressures on all school rolls in the area.
Within 15 years, the city's five secondary schools will go over capacity, the council said.
It has started a review of how much money developers contribute towards the cost of building new schools.
Councillors are also to be asked to approve negotiations with developers on new rates for their contributions, and that they "safeguard" land for new schools.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption How much housebuilders contribute towards schools is under review
Council leader Margaret Davidson said: "We urgently need to plan ahead for school capacity, particularly in primary schools, to keep up with development in the city.
"The council is undertaking proactive work to ensure that our future communities can be provided with the facilities required to support a good quality of life and the future education of our children."
Other solutions to help ease overcrowding include building a new Gaelic school next to Inverness Royal Academy.
Bun-sgoil Ghàidhlig Inbhir Nis, Inverness' Gaelic school opened in 2007, would be turned into an English medium primary under the plan.
Inverness' five secondary schools include the recently opened new Inverness Royal Academy.
Built at a cost of about £34m, the 1,420-pupil capacity site is the largest school in the Highlands.
Complaints keep pouring in about a Utah judge who called a convicted rapist a “good man” during their sentencing hearing. But the chances of the judge being punished appear slim because their remarks don't seem to fit within any of the five forms of judicial misconduct that would trigger reprimands, one expert said.
At least four of these categories of misconduct don't apply to Judge Thomas Low's remarks, Paul Cassell, a professor of criminal law at the University of Utah, said Monday. The fifth category would only apply if officials determined that their comments were damaging to the administration of justice, which is difficult to prove, Cassell said.
Last week, Low sentenced Keith Robert Vallejo, a former Mormon bishop, to up to life in prison after a jury found them guilty of 10 counts of forcible sexual abuse and one count of object rape.
The judge is now facing a deluge of complaints after saying during the hearing, “The court has no doubt that Mr. Vallejo is an extraordinarily good man …. But great men sometimes do bad things.”
Utah's Judicial Conduct Commission is tasked with investigating judges who receive complaints. It can then make a recommendation to the state's Supreme Court about whether the judge should be reprimanded or removed.
Democrat Rep. Brian King, the commission's chair, said the group looks into every complaint it receives, but such information is confidential. If the commission decides to conduct an investigation, it could take months, they said.
A Utah LGBT-rights group, Restore our Humanity, plans to file a complaint with the commission against the judge later this week. Mark Lawrence said the group has identified a handful of reasons the judge should be sanctioned, including bias and a lack of independence.
The judge's remarks “are exactly the type of things that make it difficult for victims and survivors of sexual abuse to come forward,” Lawrence said. “It was completely outlandish for them to say that.”
Jennifer Yim, a representative from another state judicial oversight commission, said the group has received in total 120 emails, phone calls and Facebook messages about Low since late March, when the judge came under scrutiny for letting Vallejo out of custody after their conviction. But the vast majority of them have come since Low's remarks at Vallejo's sentencing hearing.
Yim said on average their organization receives about two or three comments about judges each week, so this is “an extraordinary number.”
They wouldn't say whether or not these were all complaints, but they said: “It'd be pretty unlikely that people would write to praise him.”
Low declined comment through a spokesperson who said judges aren't supposed to comment on cases that are still pending.
The sexual abuse occurred in Provo, a Mormon stronghold that is home to Brigham Young University. Low attended the school, where almost all students are Mormon, but it is not clear whether they are a member of the faith.
In the faith, bishops are regular church members who lead their congregations for four to five years. The position is unpaid and part of the religion's lay clergy structure that makes it different from many other religions.
When Attorney General Jeff Sessions was asked how they viewed the car attack in Charlottesville, Va., here's how they responded:
"It does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute," they told ABC's Good Morning America.
That certainly seems to suggest the government is looking into a possible terrorism charge against the suspect, 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. At Saturday's rally organized by white supremacists, a car slammed into counterprotesters, killing one and injuring 19.
But according to the Justice Department and legal analysts, it's simply not possible for the government to file charges of domestic terrorism, because no such criminal law exists.
The Patriot Act does define domestic terrorism, and under this designation, the Justice Department has broad powers to investigate, said Neal Katyal, a Georgetown University law professor who served as former President Barack Obama's acting solicitor general and as the national security adviser to the Justice Department.
They said the government has three basic ways to approach the Charlottesville case.
"No. 1, this is a hate crime, under the hate crime statutes," they said. "The second is that this is a conspiracy to deprive individuals of civil rights."
"And the third is, this is an act of domestic terror, which isn't itself a crime," they noted. In short, the government can't file a criminal charge of domestic terrorism, but so defining the incident does allow it to investigate not only an individual suspect, but also any group the suspect may be affiliated with.
In an email to NPR, the Justice Department made the same point.
The commonwealth of Virginia, meanwhile, has charged Fields with second-degree murder and other crimes.
The Charlottesville case has again spurred a discussion about describing far-right violence as terrorism. After the al-Qaida attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, terrorism was associated primarily with radical Islamist groups based abroad.
The State Department has a list of nearly 60 groups, all foreign, that are identified as terrorist organizations. The vast majority are radical Islamists. And the government can charge a person — American or foreign — with terrorism on behalf of these international groups.
Consider this hypothetical: If the Charlottesville attacker emerged from the car and said they were acting on behalf of the Islamic State, they could be charged with international terrorism, according to Katyal.
Inside the U.S., the political debate appears to be shifting, with growing numbers calling for far-right extremism to be identified as terrorism. But that's almost entirely a political discussion, not a legal one.
On the legal front, there's still a good deal of resistance to creating a criminal charge of domestic terrorism.
"It's an incredibly broad label," said Hina Shamsi, director of the national security project at the American Civil Liberties Union. "There's a real danger of the government criminalizing ideology, theology and beliefs rather than focusing on specific criminal acts."
They said creating a domestic terrorism charge could quickly raise all sorts of political questions about free speech and religion. The ACLU opposes any such law, believing it could be politicized and used, for example, against anti-war groups or environmental activists.
Back in 1995, when Timothy McVeigh killed 168 people with a truck bomb at a federal building in Oklahoma City, it was widely described as the worst act of domestic terrorism to that point.
Yet they were charged with, convicted of and executed for killing federal agents and other crimes — but not terrorism.
The government has historically used the term "terrorism" as a general description for a range of violent acts, including those by right-wing extremists, as well as environmental, anti-abortion and far-left groups. But the specific criminal charge is never domestic terrorism.
Another case came to light Monday, when the Justice Department announced it had arrested a man for allegedly attempting to set off a truck bomb in front of a bank in Oklahoma City on Saturday.
The bomb didn't detonate, the department said. But its description of the case is similar to McVeigh's attack, claiming the suspect, Jerry Varnell, 23, was angry with the government.
The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force is leading what's being described as a "domestic terrorism investigation." Yet the formal charge against Varnell is "attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce."
Not terrorism.
Former President, Goodluck Jonathan has spoken of their party, PDP's preparedness for the 2019 presidential elections. They said Buhari and their APC party cannot beat PDP. The media aides of president Buhari went to visit them in London. General Overseer o...
From Tony Veneziano
GRAND FORKS, N.D. (April 23, 2018) — Tickets are now on sale for both rounds of the Gerdau Recycling Northern Tour for the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series at River Cities Speedway in Grand Forks, North Dakota and can be purchased online at slspromotions.ticketforce.com or by calling SLS Promotions at 815-344-2023.
The 1st Leg of the Gerdau Recycling Northern Tour is set for Friday, June 15, with the series returning on Friday, August 17 for the 2nd Leg of the Northern Tour. Single event tickets as well as two-race ticket packages can be purchased.
North Dakota Donny Schatz won the 2nd Leg of the Northern Tour last year to score their ninth career World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series victory at River Cities Speedway. That same night, Schatz also won the companion NLRA Late Model race. David Gravel won the 1st Leg of the Northern Tour last June to earn the first win of their career at River Cities Speedway.
Daryn Pittman, the 2013 World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series champion, won for the first time at River Cities Speedway in 2014.
Schatz is the current series point leader as they chase their 10th title. Sheldon Haudenschild is second in the standings, followed by Brad Sweet in third, Shane Stewart in fourth and Jason Johnson in fifth. Gravel currently sits sixth, with Daryn Pittman in seventh.
Also on the tour again in 2018 are veteran drivers Kraig Kinser, Jason Sides and Greg Wilson. The next generation of drivers following the series include: Brent Marks, Logan Schuchart, Ian Madsen, Jacob Allen, Clyde Knipp and Dane Lorenc.
Tickets for both legs of the Gerdau Northern Tour for the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series events at River Cities Speedway on Friday, June 15 and Friday, August 17 can be purchased online at slspromotions.ticketforce.com or by calling 815-344-2023.
Image copyright Paigey Cakey
Paigey Cakey, a rapper from north London, was 18 when they first started to notice their hair was falling out.
They used mascara to cover up an ever-growing bald patch on the right side of their head, caused by traction alopecia.
At college, the 25-year-old wore particularly tight hairstyles and used strong gel which they say put undue pressure on the hair follicles.
Last November, after years of covering up the patch, they underwent a hair transplant.
"I felt vulnerable but now I feel empowered," they tell Newsbeat.
They admit they were lying to themselves about their hair loss and was "trying to fit into society" by hiding the bald bits.
"I was using really strong gels that were like concrete on my hair. I was in college so you want to look good."
Traction alopecia can be caused when the hair is pulled too tightly by hairstyles like corn rows, extensions, dreadlocks or even ponytails which are stretched.
It can be made worse when used with hair straightening chemicals.
It is more often experienced by women of East Indian or Afro-Caribbean origin and the hair loss depends on the way the hair is being pulled.
Image copyright Paigey Cakey Image caption Paigey had 3,400 hair follicles replaced in sections of their head
Initially, Paigey chose to ignore what was happening but then had to hide it every day when they realised it wasn't growing back.
No-one knew that they had bald patches as she'd use layers of mascara and gel to colour it in, reapplying at every opportunity.
"I always had to make sure I had at least two mascaras because if I lost one, I'd need another there and then."
In November, Paigey went through with a hair transplant, and revealed the extent of their hair loss on their YouTube channel.
They travelled to Turkey, where the procedure is generally cheaper than the UK, to have 3,400 hair follicles replaced in sections of their head.
Hair transplants aren't usually available on the NHS, and can cost anything between £1,000 and £30,000.
Image copyright Paigey Cakey Image caption Paigey says their hair loss has made them reassess how they perceive beauty
Paigey says the transplant itself was painless, but says the injections to numb parts of their head were the "worst pain" she's ever experienced.
Immediately following the procedure, they thought she'd made a huge mistake as they describe their head swelling to "twice the size" and being covered in "blood dots".
"I wondered what I'd done. But as the weeks progressed, I started to feel a lot better and I could see the hair coming through."
They say their hair loss has caused them to reassess how they perceive image, saying they had the stigma in their head that "hair is beauty".
"Beauty is your inside, it's your personality and what shines from beneath."
Catch me up hide
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 every weekday on BBC Radio 1 and 1Xtra - if you miss us you can listen back here.
For some time I have believed that our biggest concern about China should be not a possible trade war or military conflict, but the threat posed to the economic leadership of the United States by the rapid progress the country is making in technology.
The prevailing view is that China is an enormously effective manufacturer through a combination of the creative use of robotics and low labor costs. The country has been able to produce a wide range of products at compelling prices and become a leading exporter to the world. Many believe that China's government prevents the untrammeled expression of ideas and thereby stifles innovation. As a result, the theory goes that China has to obtain technology from others because it cannot develop creative ideas on its own.
While that might have had some truth to it for much of China's recent economic history, it is no longer true today.
We all know that on a Gross Domestic Product basis, China is the second-largest economy in the world and if it continues on its present trajectory, it will become the largest economy sometime in the 2030s. This is inevitable to the extent China grows at a real rate of better than 5% while the United States grows at only 2%–3%. On a Purchasing Power Parity basis, China is probably the largest economy in the world now.
When China joined the World Trade Organization in 2001, its GDP was only 13% of the U.S. GDP, according to Niall Ferguson. By 2016, it was 60% and by 2023 the International Monetary Fund projects it will be 88%.
Those who believe China is vulnerable to a “hard landing” or something similar to the deflationary recession that afflicted Japan at the end of the 20th century are not studying the differences between the two countries carefully. Japan invested abroad irresponsibly in real estate and its stock prices domestically became wildly overvalued. China may have overinvested in industrial capacity and infrastructure and it may have too many non-performing loans on the books of its banks and shadow banks, but it weathered the financial crisis of 2008-2009 better than most developed countries. Indeed, the hard landing that many investors feared two years ago never took place.
A look back in history may be useful. In a blog written by Steven Nagourney, they point out that in the years after 1000 A.D. China had been the most progressive and innovative civilization in the world. It had developed strains of rice that could be wet-planted and produced three crops a year. The British observer Francis Bacon noted that three innovations that had transformed Europe — gunpowder, printing and the compass — had all been developed in China before 1000.
In the 12th century, China was thriving, with 100 million people, and in the 15th century its navy explored the world. By the end of the 19th century, however, Malthus's predictions for China were proven right, and there wasn't enough food to feed its 300 million people. To a certain extent, the country was in a crisis because of its insularity. The farmers had no mechanized equipment or fertilizers. Economic and technological leadership had moved to Europe and the United States.
The country went through 100 years of upheaval prior to Mao's takeover in 1949. It was underdeveloped and its economy was basically feudal until 1976 when Mao died.  They are credited with being the founder of modern China, but their reign was marked by the Great Leap Forward, which created a famine during which 30 million people died, and the Cultural Revolution, which was a significant step backward in the country's overall intellectual and economic progress. Following Mao's death, Deng Xiaoping set the country in a new direction that built the foundation for today's success.
In a controversial book written by China expert Michael Pillsbury and published in 2015, the author lays out a case that Xi Jinping, the current leader, has been advancing a hundred-year plan to make China the dominant country in the world economically, politically, technologically and militarily by 2049 — the 100th anniversary of Mao's takeover of the government. Critics of the book argue that it is weak on documentation, but when you examine what is happening there in technology, it would appear that China is well on its way. Graham Allison's book, “Destined for War,” outlines a similar warning.
You can debate about whether the Chinese political system will work effectively in the long term, but the economic achievements are undeniable. Over the 30 years I have been traveling there the progress has been impressive. While the freedoms that we are accustomed to in a Western-style democracy are not present in China, the population generally has been willing to accept various limits on personal freedom because the standard of living has risen so dramatically. The big question is whether a lack of free expression and intellectual flexibility will diminish creativity. This is particularly relevant since by next year China will be spending more money on research and development than the United States. In 2012, according to a Bloomberg report, China's private-equity and venture-capital investment was $14 billion; it was $120 billion in 2017. Last year 34 Chinese companies became “unicorns” with market values of $1 billion or more, second only to the number in the U.S.
China's leading technology firms Baidu BIDU, +0.00% Alibaba BABA, +0.39% and Tencent Holdings TCEHY, -0.27% 0700, -1.74% are growing as well. The government wants to be involved and has proposed taking a 1% position in some of the more successful companies, arguing that this involvement can improve productivity. Perhaps more importantly, these arrangements provide Chinese leaders the ability to exercise control over what is happening in technology.
The state also plays a direct role in the investment in start-ups. There are more than 1,000 government-owned venture capital firms in China, with assets totaling $750 billion. All of this is consistent with China's Manufacturing 2025 initiative, which is designed to reduce its dependence on foreign imports by the middle of the next decade.
Many in the West are familiar with China's progress in information technology. In 2012, the country had none of the world's five fastest supercomputers and the U.S. had two. By 2017 the U.S. still had two, but so did China.
What is less well-known is China's advancement of biotechnology. Let's start with genomic medicine which, according to a Goldman Sachs report, is flourishing in China. In 2016, the government launched a 15-year project, the China Precision Medicine initiative, with a $9.2 billion budget. The effort has focused on early cancer diagnosis and, more recently, gene editing, gene therapy and cell therapy. China's program is similar to the United States' program in intensity and ahead of those in Europe and Japan. Some clinical trials, particularly in myeloma patients, have shown promising results. China has a cost advantage in its treatment options also. It is collaborating with a number of global partners and has announced an accommodating regulatory framework for all therapies.
The area of gene editing is controversial, and Europe and the United States have taken a cautious approach. China has become the leader here with nine clinical studies of cancer and HIV infections versus only one in the U.S. The studies were at top-tier hospitals and were government-sponsored. The National Natural Science Foundation of China is very active in this field. China is also working hard on the manufacturing aspects of genomic medicines.
China has also taken the lead in agricultural research. As The Wall Street Journal reported, government spending on agricultural research passed United States spending in 2008 and is now over $9 billion compared with just over $4 billion for the U.S. (down from over $5 billion). The focus is on gene-editing to increase domestic food production.
China is also the leader in cell therapies designed to treat, and perhaps cure, illness by using the body's own biology. There are more clinical trials underway there than in the U.S. The research, according to a report from Nanjing by The Big Red Biotech, is benefited by a friendly regulatory environment, low labor costs and expertise in precision manufacturing. There are 116 clinical trials for cancer treatment therapies taking place, compared with 96 in the U.S. and 15 in Europe. China is an ideal place for cancer research, with a large aging population, unhealthy lifestyles and serious pollution. There were 4.3 million cases diagnosed in 2015, double the number in 2000. Cell therapy is defined as medical technology rather than a drug, so a trial can be approved by a hospital's internal ethics committee rather than the Chinese Food and Drug administration. Trials can begin two months after they are proposed, versus a year in the U.S.
The number of Chinese students studying science and technology increased from 359,000 in 2000 to 1.65 million in 2014. In the U.S. the corresponding increase is from 482,000 to 742,000. China also has an active recruitment program, called Thousand Talents, which it started a decade ago to bring back talented scientists who have established themselves abroad. Candidates are offered tax breaks and other incentives. These people, whose sense of nationalism encourages them to swim back home, are referred to as “sea turtles.” Six thousand scientists and entrepreneurs have returned to China under the program.
Individual universities have their own programs; one seeks to recruit Ph.D.s under 40 who have been accepted as a Thousand Talent, have conducted research overseas for three years and have a research or teaching job at a prestigious institution outside of China. In turn, the candidate will be promised research funding, subsidies from central and provincial governments, support for recruiting staff, housing allowances and help with the educational costs of their or their children. Non-Chinese are recruited as well.
Recognizing China's progress in technology and what its significance means for American competitiveness going forward underscores the importance of the current trade negotiations between that country and the United States. China has enjoyed emerging-market preferences in tariffs and trade and has been charged with infringing on the intellectual property rights of others. As the second-largest economy in the world, it no longer should be treated as a developing country. China's carefully considered future as a world leader is based on innovation in both technology and the sciences as discussed above. Many of these goals were embodied in the “Made in China 2025” plan, and are critical for the longer-term “One Belt, One Road” global economic initiative.
A real trade war would threaten to push China, the U.S. and even the world economy into a recession. Analysts estimate that there are 50 million to 60 million Chinese people working to create the goods and services represented by the $500 billion in sales just to the U.S. last year. China has too much to lose to become distracted by a policy-driven recession.
But that doesn't mean trade negotiations will be wrapped up quickly and without tense moments, despite the understanding reached recently to reduce the trade deficit. So far, China's response to the increasing demands of the U.S. administration has been described as modest, restrained or even “taking the high road.” There are a number of issues that will be deferred to avoid confrontations as long as possible. Perhaps President Xi Jinping can simply wait out the current U.S. administration. China can play the long game better than any other country today and has proven that in any number of instances.
Remember, the trade demands have escalated beyond simply narrowing the deficit with China. The newest demands hand-delivered by the President's senior economic team in their early May trip to Beijing are likely unacceptable to the Chinese. The U.S. wants China to end state subsidies linked to its “Made in China 2025” initiative that provide competitive advantages to emerging industries against U.S. companies.
Read: How the Trump administration can stop the wild roller coaster of its China trade policy
Western complaints over the lack of intellectual property rights, technology transfers and joint venture requirements can be addressed by the Chinese; in fact, President Xi Jinping has already announced plans to change some of these policies.
China can also increase its purchases of U.S. goods easily enough, as witnessed recently, but the more hardline demands of getting China to adjust its industrial policy — which the U.S. lacks — to support advanced industries defy easy or quick reconciliation.
These advancements are crucial if China wants to avoid becoming stuck in the middle-income trap. History proves that it is relatively easy for an emerging economy to lift itself up from a low income to a relatively comfortable middle-income society, but the jump up to high income requires an economic overhaul. Only 13 of the 101 emerging economies in 1960 managed to rise into upper income by the 2000s according to World Bank estimates. China used its low income as an advantage to manufacture cheaply in the past and, as a result, created a middle class of approximately 400 million people. Now, to decrease the income gap between residents of the more prosperous eastern cities and those of relatively poorer central, President Xi Jinping is banking on “Made in China 2025” and the “One Belt, One Road” programs.
Read: Navarro attacks Mnuchin for saying the China trade war was ‘on hold'
Volatility over trade issues may reemerge. My message to investors is to remain invested and look for opportunities to increase capital committed to China. An underdeveloped public securities market means that the second-largest economy has a stock market that accounts for only 3.6% of global equities as weighted in the Morgan Stanley All-Country World Index (ACWI) ACWI, +1.14% compared to that of the U.S., which comprises over 50% of the index. Private investment merits consideration as well.
Byron Wien is the vice chairperson of Blackstone's private wealth solutions group. This first appeared on Blackstone's website — Innovation and Limits on Personal Freedom in China — and is republished with permission.
Trump condemns neo-Nazis, white supremacists
Washington, Aug 14 (EFE).- US President Donald Trump on Monday condemned the Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazis, white supremacists “and other hate groups” after a man with known Nazi sympathies drove their car into anti-fascist protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, killing one and injuring at least 19.
“Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the (Ku Klux Klan), neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans,” the president said from the White House.
“As I have said many times before, no matter the color of our skin, we all live under the same laws,” the president said. “We all salute the same great flag. And we are all made by the same almighty God.”
Trump, who began their appearance before the media boasting about the good economic performance so far during their mandate, issued their condemnation of hate groups after two days of receiving widespread criticism, including from their own party, for on Saturday having said that “hatred, bigotry and violence” had been evidenced “on many sides” and failing to single out the white supremacists who had called the march in Charlottesville.
“We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence, on many sides,” the president had said at their Bedminster, New Jersey, golf club. “On many sides. It's been going on for a long time in our country. Not Donald Trump, not Barack Obama. This has been going on for a long, long time. It has no place in America.”
The president did not take questions after they made their statement on Monday, despite the fact that on Friday they had announced that on Monday they would hold a White House press conference, although they had not specified the subject.
The president also reminded the public that, during their White House run, they had promised to restore “law and order.”
They went on to note that the FBI and the Justice Department have launched a civil rights investigation into the attack staged by a 20-year-old man with Nazi sympathies in which one young woman died and at least 19 other people were injured.
Trump met on Monday in Washington with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI Director Christopher Wray to discuss the Charlottesville attack, a meeting scheduled during a brief hiatus from their Bedminster vacation.
Meanwhile Sessions said Monday, before meeting with Trump, that the attack in Charlottesville was an act of “domestic terrorism.”
“It does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute,” Sessions said in an interview Saturday on the ABC network, after their department announced Saturday the opening of a federal investigation into the deadly incident.
Calling the attack “domestic terrorism” is more symbolic than practical, since that definition does not imply additional punishment, but it is important for those who complain that the word “terrorism” is only used when the attacker is a Muslim.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is saying that “racism is evil” as they condemn the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists as “criminals and thugs.”
They spoke in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House after meeting with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI director Christopher Wray about the race-fueled violence Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump has come under fire for their comments Saturday that “many sides” are to blame for the violence. In those remarks, they did not single out white supremacists or any other hate group, even as Republican lawmakers and others in their White House did condemn them by name.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
“They're doing a great job of obviously doing what they need to do strength conditioning-wise, but also in a leadership role, grabbing a guy and maybe talking to them on the side and saying, ‘I'm not going to allow that to happen anymore,'” Chinander said. “They're going to be uber important to this team. Not even this defense, but on this team.”
Defensive coordinator Erik Chinander said the Gretna and Ashland natives emerged as some of the strongest voices on the team during winter conditioning.
Regardless of who you ask, nearly every response for who have been NU's top player leaders this offseason has included senior nose tackle Mick Stoltenberg and redshirt sophomore defensive end Ben Stille .
It's not much a surprise that a couple of homegrown kids were some of the first Huskers to take the reigns in that regard.
While Nebraska has held just one helmets-only practice so far under new head coach Scott Frost , the player leadership they and their staff will be leaning on heavily during Year One is already started to take shape.
Stoltenberg is a natural fit for one of Nebraska's key leaders, as the 6-foot-5, 305-pounder stepped into that role last year in the previous transition under former defensive coordinator Bob Diaco.
But Stoltenberg said they and the rest of NU's core leadership group - which also includes guys like receiver Stanley Morgan and offensive lineman Jerald Foster - have made it a point to set a high standard within the team in practice, in the weight room, and off the field.
“I think there has been a big change as far as accountability,” Stoltenberg said. “Obviously, with what happened we know last season didn't work. We had to change, otherwise, we would see the same results. The buy-in has been pretty great. It needs to be in order for us to get this thing rolling.
“I think guys are realizing how hard we do have to work. It is great we have new coaches and all that stuff is changing, but at the end of the day, we still have to work really hard to be successful. It is not an easy process. It doesn't just happen by being there and showing up. You have to put in the work yourself, and I think guys are starting to realize that.”
Chinander - a native of Allison, Iowa, who was a walk-on offensive lineman at Iowa from 1998-2002 - has a true appreciation for the impact in-state players like Stoltenberg and Stille could have in establishing a strong culture within a program.
When pride and passion are driving forces in the locker room, Chinander said, everything else becomes that much easier.
“This program is built on kids like that,” Chinander said. “It has been for a long time, and anytime you can get a kid that's in-state that you evaluate and you think, ‘He is a guy that we want to scholarship,' I think it's not only a separator, it's a decision maker for us. It just matters more for those kids, like ‘I want to build this thing.'”
BREAKING NEWS: Massive race riots have engulfed Charlottesville, Virginia. White nationalists and counterprotesters are causing a violent scene. The nightmare became even worse after a driver viciously plowed into a group of anti-fascist protestors hitting up to 20 people on purpose.
This appalling video displays a Dodge Charger accelerating into a crowd, as bodies are being thrown and people are screaming. At this time, it is not known how many people are injured.
Here's the moment a car slams into a crowd protesting white nationalists in #Charlottesville. Backs up and leaves. pic.twitter.com/xlhqYxXmGU — Kevin Rincon (@KevRincon) August 12, 2017
A counterprotester hurled a rock at the car, which caused the driver to swerve and ram into the people as well as cars in its path, before driving off.
The horrific scene was described by a witness, “Yeah, it was intentional.About 40 miles an hour, hit about 15-20 people, crashed into the two cars in front of it, and then backed up and sped away while cops were standing on the side of the road and didn't do anything.”
The Daily Mail reported:
President Trump is expected to address the riots this afternoon.
First Lady Melania Trump posted these sentiments on their Twitter feed, “Our country encourages freedom of speech, but let's communicate w/o hate in our hearts. No good comes from violence.”
There have been numerous arrests made so far. The Mayor of Charlottesville, Mike Signer, condemned “cowardly parade of hatred, bigotry, racism, and intolerance march down the lawns of the architect of our Bill of Rights.”
As more information becomes available, we will keep you updated.
Renting a car can be a living nightmare Dear John: Fantastic piece on Avis! They once charged me a mileage fee for NOT driving the car enough. Evidently, drivers are required to hit a certain number of miles...
How car rental companies are stealing your money Today I'm going to help car rental companies steal more of your money. Why would I do such a thing? Because I don't think the companies are being creative enough...
Avis' idiotic anti-Israel 'policy' Avis has just been forced to make an embarrassing retraction after publicly accusing an Israeli customer who'd been denied a car rental of “unfairly maligning us with unfounded allegations.” Mistakes...
Rental car companies hiking prices ahead of summer You may save on gas, but that summer road trip is still going to cost you — especially if you rent your car. While consumers are expected to spend more...
Do friends and colleagues approve of what you are doing? Maybe they do and maybe they don't but why should you care? The only thing that matters is that you are happy with the direction in which your life is moving – their opinions are of no concern.
During the second half of the Jets' win Thursday night against the Bills, the broadcast came back from a commercial with the Buffalo offense huddled up near its goal line.
The Jets defense was waiting for the TV timeout to end, but wasn't interested in huddling. The Jets just wanted to dance.
Lil Uzi Vert's “444+222” was playing at MetLife Stadium, and the Jets were feeling it.
And one of the best memes of 2017 was born. The hashtag is #JetsDanceToAnything, and Twitter has been flooded with people setting their own soundtrack to the dance moves of the Jets defense. The Jets have definitely noticed.
Jamal Adams is the star of the show, and wins our vote if this was an impromptu dance-off. Darron Lee and Demario Davis are the best supporting actors.
Here are some of the best versions of #JetsDanceToAnything:
It's going to be tough for anyone to beat “The Peanuts” theme.
Cyndi Grecco's “Making Our Dreams Come True” (the title song from “Laverne & Shirley”) was a strong choice.
Is Barry White involved? Yep.
Is it time for holiday music? If the Jets are dancing, it is.
How about some bhangra? Kalind Patel (@NYCKP) has you covered.
A remix of the Spongebob Squarepants theme? Why not?
Smash Mouth covering The Monkees? Sure.
Lots of television theme songs have been part of this. Here's the song from “The Office.”
The Jets did win the game, and in convincing fashion, to move to 4-5 and keep their place as one of the surprise teams in the NFL this season. The Bills were trying to move to 6-2 for the first time this century, but the Jets defense was fantastic.
And it danced its way to Internet immortality.
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
Artificial intelligence is proving to be a revolutionary tool across many industries, but the technology is having a particularly big impact when it comes to healthcare. Researchers are using AI to combat the flu, by building improved seasonal forecasts that inform the development of influenza vaccines, and the technology is already helping to diagnose rare diseases so that patients can get the treatments they need.
Now, scientists have found a new medical application for AI: predicting when a seriously ill patient admitted to the hospital will likely die.
In hospitals, palliative care teams are charged with improving the quality of life of gravely ill patients and making sure their final wishes are carried out. But clinicians sometimes don't refer their patients to these specialists because they believe their patients are better off than they really are.
Research shows that less than half of the 8 percent of hospital admissions who need palliative care actually receive it, says Kenneth Jung, a research scientist at Stanford University School of Medicine who helped develop the new AI algorithm.
This can have terrible consequences if the patient's health suddenly plummets, causing some people to spend their final days receiving aggressive treatments to extend life a few weeks when they'd rather spend that time with family. Studies have shown that approximately 80 percent of Americans say they would prefer to die at home, but 60 percent die in acute care hospitals, according to Stanford.
The new algorithm can predict if a hospital inpatient will die within 3 to 12 months (a window during which palliative care is thought to be most useful) with over 90 percent accuracy.
In the near future, health records of all hospital admissions could be screened by the AI, which would then flag palliative care teams about patients who may be near death. The specialists would review the records of those people and discuss with clinicians whether they could indeed benefit from palliative care.
In effect, the AI would help ensure that most severely ill patients are as comfortable as possible in their final months and receive the care that best reflects their preferences.
Deep Learning
The predictive model is an application of "deep learning," in which a computer isn't given predefined rules about the world but must instead learn to solve different tasks or make predictions by first studying massive data sets.
In this case, Stanford researchers used AI to parse the medical records of 160,000 deceased patients of Stanford Health Care and Lucile Packard Children's Hospital who had varying illnesses (ranging from cancer to organ failure to neurological issues), medical histories, and disease severities.
Knowing the exact date of each patient's death, the AI searched the records for patterns indicative of advanced illness and encroaching death and assigned weights to the various pieces of medical information.
When tested on the records of another 40,000 patients whose deaths were withheld, the algorithm was able to correctly determine if the patient died within a 3- to 12-month window from a specific date nine times out of 10.
From left, Mitchel Todd, clinical social worker from Pathways Palliative Care, spends time with Sister Rosemary and takes their hand in theirs as they talk on May 28, 2010. New laws regarding hospice and palliative care in Colorado, are making them more accessible to people in their Denver homes. Kathryn Scott Osler / Denver Post via Getty Images file
David Hui, a palliative care specialist at the University of Texas who was not involved with creating the algorithm, said the technology “could help us care for patients better," but first needs to be tested at other hospitals and with more patients.
The algorithm is especially impressive because most conventional (non-AI) models can only achieve a death prediction accuracy of 70 to 80 percent, they say.
Extra Care
Research suggests doctors do routinely fail to refer patients for palliative care because they make inaccurate — and often overly optimistic — prognoses. But that's only part of the issue.
In some cases, Jung says, doctors may not make the referral simply because they're so focused on managing their patients' health issues that palliative care doesn't cross their minds.
And some clinicians don't refer because they believe in the "power of positive thinking" and don't want their patients to give up (a referral is sometimes seen as a death sentence), adds Bill Lukin, a palliative care physician at the University of Queensland in Australia.
The algorithm could help by identifying patients who are seriously ill and who may benefit from palliative care. With these results, specialists could then reach out to clinicians rather than wait for a referral.
Jung and their colleagues are now trying to determine how best to align the busy schedules of the healthcare workers so that they can discuss these identified patients in a timely matter.
Importantly, Jung says, the AI is not like a self-driving car, where human decisions largely take a backseat. Rather, it's more like vehicle proximity sensors that flag drivers' attention when necessary.
"It's not about replacing a doctor's judgment, ever," Jung says. "This really is about providing extra care."
Two people killed in a tragic accident on the Montrose to Laurencekirk Road on Saturday night have still not been named by police.
A 31-year-old man and a 26-year-old woman died in the late-night crash on the A937 close to Marykirk Bridge.
A second male has been left seriously injured.
The car the three were travelling in was the only vehicle involved in the crash at 11.20pm.
The car is thought to have struck a stone wall close to a sharp bend in the road.
A spokesperson for Scottish Fire and Rescue said: “Four units, two from Montrose and one each from Laurencekirk and Brechin attended the incident.
“Fire-fighters removed the injured man from the car and remained at the scene for some time after.”
Police are not expected to name the dead couple until relatives have been informed.
The road remained closed for much of yesterday as police carried out an investigation of the scene.
Donald Trump has been complaining about the 2015 Iran nuclear deal since before they became president. Speaking alongside French President Emmanuel Macron on April 24, they said the agreement was “insane, ridiculous, should never have been made.” He's repeatedly threatened to scrap the accord and reimpose U.S. sanctions eased under it unless European allies join in fixing what they call the deal's “significant flaws.” It soon will be time for action, not just words.
1. Why is this an issue now?
Iran negotiated the agreement -- providing for curbs on its nuclear program in return for relief from many of the sanctions weighing on its economy -- with China, France, Russia, Germany, the U.K. and the U.S. in 2015. As part of a law passed by the U.S. Congress, the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, Trump has to waive sanctions on Iran's banks and oil sales every 120 days, with the next deadline falling on May 12. In January, they did so but vowed they would not do it again unless the "terrible flaws" in the 2015 agreement were fixed.
2. What is Trump demanding?
Trump says steps must be taken to stop Iran's continued development of its ballistic missile program and its support for terrorism. Those issues aren't part of the nuclear deal, and Iran remains under separate U.S. sanctions related to them. Trump has dispatched teams of negotiators to work with European allies on new restrictions on Iran; in early April, U.S. and European officials said they were making progress on meeting Trump's concerns.
3. Has Iran stuck to the accord?
Regular assessments by the International Atomic Energy Agency since the deal took effect have found Iran in full compliance with its obligations. In October 2016, Iran slightly surpassed a limit on its stockpiles of heavy water, which is used in medical imaging and can also fuel reactors that produce plutonium, a weapons material. But it addressed that within weeks by shipping the surplus to Oman. In a surprising statement for someone close to Trump, CIA Director Mike Pompeo said in Senate testimony that Iran “wasn't racing to a weapon before the deal” and there was no indication that it would do so if the deal ended. Pompeo, Trump's nominee to be the next secretary of state, opposed the agreement as a member of congress from Kansas but signaled they would try to work to improve the accord if possible.
4. What does Iran say?
Speaking on CBS's “Face the Nation,” on April 21, Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif said Iran was “ready” to accelerate its nuclear program to "a much greater speed" if Trump reimposes sanctions and backs out of the nuclear deal. Iran has said it would resume enrichment of uranium to 20 percent -- banned under the deal because such material can rapidly be further enriched to weapons-grade material -- if another party breaches the agreement.
5. What do the Europeans say?
Leaders of France, Germany and the U.K. have urged Trump not to scrap the deal, and their representatives are working closely with administration negotiators on setting up side agreements to put further limits on Iran. Macron has outlined one way forward: limiting Iranian nuclear activities beyond 2025, blocking its ballistic missile programs and containing its regional influence. This would be in addition to maintaining the current nuclear agreement. A new agreement might require buy-in from Russia and China, which is unlikely. And it's not clear how France, the U.S. and any other participants would get Iran to go along.
6. What's the issue with Iran's missile program?
Iran has been developing a homegrown missile program since finding it was unequipped to respond to missile attacks from Iraq in the 1980s war between the neighbors. A UN resolution from 2010 stated that “Iran shall not undertake any activity related to ballistic missiles capable of delivering nuclear weapons.” But in the hard-fought negotiations over the nuclear accord, Iran won acquiescence from the U.S. for a UN resolution that simply “called upon” it to refrain from work on such missiles for as long as eight years. Iran says its missile program is essential for its defense and can't be for nuclear weapons because it has none and no intention to build any.
7. What's the issue with the deal's duration?
In the agreement, Iran pledged that it would refine uranium to no more than 3.7 percent enrichment, the level needed to fuel nuclear power plants, and pledged to limit its enriched-uranium stockpile to 300 kilograms, 3 percent of its stores before the deal was reached. U.S. officials estimated that the agreement extended the time it would take Iran to produce enough fissile material for a bomb from a few months to a year. The trouble is, those terms last 15 years, or until 2030. At that point, in the absence of another arrangement, Iran would be free to return to refining uranium to a higher level, and to building greater stockpiles. At the same time, Iran also committed never to seek to develop a nuclear weapon.
8. Does Iran sponsor terrorism?
Iran has been on the U.S. government's list of state sponsors of terrorism since 1984. Among the groups it supports that the U.S. considers terrorist are the Palestinian group Hamas, the Lebanese organization Hezbollah and one of the Shiite militias in Iraq. Iran considers these groups fighters in righteous causes. In addition, Iran-backed forces in Syria have been cited by some U.S. officials as a reason for the Pentagon to maintain a presence in the war-torn country.
9. How's Iran respond to talk of limiting it further?
In a tweet on April 23, Zarif said there's no “Plan B” for the nuclear agreement. “It's either all or nothing,” they wrote, saying that European leaders including Macron should encourage Trump to stay in the deal and “begin implementing their part of the bargain in good faith.”
The Reference Shelf
A QuickTake explainer of the Iran deal.
explainer of the Iran deal. A guide to the Iran nuclear deal by the Belfer Center.
guide to the Iran nuclear deal by the Belfer Center. A Federation of American Scientists overview of the effectiveness of applying sanctions on Iranian nuclear facilities.
— With assistance by Ladane Nasseri, and Golnar Motevalli
CALGARY — A suspect is in custody and a Calgary woman and their six-year-old son have been taken to hospital with stab wounds in what police are calling a random attack.
It happened Friday evening in the Beddington Heights neighbourhood.
Staff Sgt. Asif Rashid says the mother and son were found in medical distress in a park.
They are in serious but stable condition.
Witnesses tell CTV Calgary the boy had been stabbed in the back while the woman was suffering from an injury to their chest.
An unidentified male was located and apprehended by police.
“As police converged on the scene, there was additional intelligence that came forth from neighbours and witnesses suggesting that an individual nearby might be responsible for the matter,” says Rashid. “A male was taken into custody without incident.
“Preliminary indications are that the individual taken into custody is not known to the female and the child, however, the fruits of the investigation will bear out those details. There is no information to suggest that this was a targeted attack.”
(CTV Calgary)
President Trump trolled FBI Director James Comey on Twitter during their appearance Monday at a House hearing investigating Russia's role in the 2016 presidential election and whether Trump campaign officials collaborated with Moscow.
“FBI Director Comey refuses to deny they briefed President Obama on calls made by Michael Flynn to Russia,” said a tweet on the president's official Twitter account, @POTUS.
The tweet referred to Rep. Trey Gowdy's grilling of Comey at the House Intelligence Committee about who could have leaked classified documents about phone calls former national security adviser Michael Flynn made to the Russian ambassador.
“Did you brief President Obama on any calls involving Michael Flynn?” Gowdy (R-SC) asked.
“I'm not going to get into either that particular case or any conversations I had with the president. I can't answer that,” they said, citing constraints against discussing classified information.
Trump also tweeted about the questioning of Michael Rogers, the director of the National Security Agency, by Rep. Devin Nunes on whether Russia influenced the election.
They asked Rogers if they had evidence that “Russia cyber actors” changed vote tallies in several states, including Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Florida and North Carolina.
“I have nothing generated by the national security industry,” Rogers answered.
Nunes (R-Calif.) then turned to Comey.
“Do you have any evidence at the FBI that any votes were changed in the states that I mentioned to Admiral Rogers?” they asked.
Comey said, “No.”
Trump crowed in their tweet: “The NSA and FBI tell Congress that Russia did not influence electoral process.”
But at the beginning of the hearing, Comey confirmed the FBI is investigating Russian tampering during the 2016 presidential election process and whether Trump campaign advisers had contact with Moscow.
The president spent much of the morning on their personal Twitter account before the House hearing blaming the Democrats and blasting assertions that their campaign officials collaborated with Russian agents, calling them “FAKE NEWS.”
“James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!”
Trump wrote on @realDonaldTrump, referring to statements made two weeks ago by the former director of national intelligence during the Obama years.
They added, “The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College & lost!”
Clapper, Obama's director of national intelligence, told NBC's “Meet the Press” on March 5, “We had no evidence of such collusion.”
About two hours later, as lawmakers began to gather for the House hearing, Trump tweeted again.
“What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?,” they wrote.
Minutes later, Rep. Adam Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the Intelligence Committee, responded.
“Mr. President, the Russians hacked our election and interfered. No one disputes this now, but you. This is what is called ‘fact,'” they wrote.
The US intelligence community agrees that the Russians meddled in the presidential election to help Trump defeat Hillary Clinton. And the FBI has been looking into any ties between Trump advisers and Russian agents during the campaign.
By Music News Group
Credit: Patricia O'DriscollWith the late Gregg Allman‘s final studio album, Southern Blood, scheduled to be released September 8, a series of special events have been lined up coinciding with the arrival of the record.
The first installment of the Southern Blood: Celebrating Gregg Allman series will be held September 7 at the Grammy Museum's Clive Davis Theater in Los Angeles.
The event will feature Gregg's son Devon; Southern Blood producer Don Was; Scott Sharrard, guitarist and musical director of Allman's solo band; and Gregg's longtime manager Michael Lehman in an evening of conversation and musical performances.
Grammy Museum executive director Scott Goldman will emcee the event. Tickets will go on sale to the general public this Thursday, August 17, at noon local time.
During the same week in September, the mayor of Allman's hometown of Macon, Georgia, will issue a proclamation announcing that December 8, Gregg's birthday, will be celebrated every year in the city as “Gregg Allman Day.”
On Saturday, September 9, Allman will be presented posthumously with the key to the city of Macon at The Allman Brothers Band Museum at The Big House, where the group and their families lived during the early 1970s. That evening at the museum, the second Southern Blood: Celebrating Gregg Allman interview-and-performance event will take place, with Devon Allman, Sharrard, Lehman and Gregg's good friend Chank Middleton taking part.
Then, on September 15, the third and final Southern Blood: Celebrating Gregg Allman event will take place at the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum's Ford Theater in Nashville, as part of the 18th annual AmericanaFest: The Americana Music Festival & Conference. Devon Allman and Lehman will again participate in the tribute, along with Buddy Miller, Joan Osborne and other musicians.
For full details about Southern Blood, visit GreggAllman.com.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Music News
A crooked restaurateur testified Monday that then-Nassau County Executive Ed Mangano phoned them to express gratitude for the $100,000-a-year, no-show job lavished on their wife, Linda.
Harendra Singh told jurors at Mangano's corruption trial that the ex-pol told him, “Thank you for helping me. It really helps with the kids and college.”
Linda Mangano, who's on trial with their hubby, allegedly pocketed $450,000 as the phony director of marketing for the Water's Edge restaurant Singh formerly ran in Long Island City, Queens.
“She didn't come to work so we had to deliver the check. They got their paycheck delivered to their house,” Singh testified in Central Islip federal court.
Singh also claims to have bribed Mayor de Blasio with campaign contributions for a “favorable” lease on Water's Edge.
De Blasio, who wasn't charged, has vehemently denied those allegations.
Basseterre, St. Kitts – St. Kitts and Nevis Leader of the Opposition, the Right Hon. Dr. Denzil L. Douglas has expressed concern about the high level of corruption and breaches in procurement requirements by the Timothy Harris-led Team Unity Government and which are being complained of by the public.
During their response to the 2018 Budget Address, Dr. Douglas asked for an explanation on the significant increase in the cost of construction of the new cruise pier at Port Zante, pointing out that concerns are being expressed on popular radio programmes and throughout the Federation.
“It is quite possible only a small portion of this money is reaching the projects that they are intended to finance. The rest may be lining the pockets of public personalities as well as their cronies and families,” Dr. Douglas said.
“This is not sustainable. The diversion of our precious and scarce public funds to unintended purposes could only hurt our economy over time and bring more hardships on our people,” they told parliamentarians and the Nation.
Dr. Douglas said the recent announcement to the effect that work is about to commence in respect of the new pier at Port Zante, highlights the concerns about corruption that are being expressed throughout the Federation.
“The original estimates for this pier was some US$16 million. Before I left office, the Government received a proposal for the construction of the pier, but we were concerned about the elevation to the cost to some US$30 million. We therefore decided to renegotiate or evaluate other options. We now learn that the pier will cost our people some US$46 million. If that is true, then the Government needs to explain to our people where the extra US$16 million will go,” said Dr. Douglas.
West Basseterre MP, Hon. Konris Maynard recently questioned the new price tag of the new cruise pier.
“All was ready to go at a cost of US$32 million when the government changed. Today, the pier is now three years delayed, jeopardizing the expected increase of cruise arrivals that the Labour Government had prepared. Iller than that, the cost has unexplainably ballooned to US$48 million,” the West Basseterre MP told reporters and the Nation.
“It has now become clear that this delay and the 50% increase in cost, is firstly due to the unprecedented level of corruption surrounding the construction of the Pier,” said Maynard, a First Class Honours graduate with a BSc degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering from the University of the West Indies.
“We are told that Ministers of Government have been setting up cement and other companies first overtly but now covertly to directly benefit,” said Maynard who also holds a MEng Electrical and Computer Degree from Waterloo Unversity in Canada.
LAKE CHARLES, LA (CBS Local) – A Buffalo Wild Wings in Louisiana is stepping up to help a local homeless man after one of their servers allegedly left a vulgar note on a customer's receipt.
The wing chain in Lake Charles is under fire after an employee reportedly wrote “For Homeless F—! Let sit and get gross,” on a homeless man's order on Memorial Day. Multiple workers were allegedly involved in the cruel act, with another person writing “I love you” under the server's message.
Buffalo Wild Wings is giving a customer free wings for a year, a gift card, and donating a "couple hundred wings" to a local homeless shelter after a derogatory remark was found on a customer's receipt. >> https://t.co/J2nAquU1mc pic.twitter.com/QYastyj2ns — WAFB (@WAFB) May 29, 2018
When the homeless man saw their order ticket they shared their outrage with other customers in the restaurant, sparking one woman to confront the chain's management. “I was just really upset about it, like why would you do that, especially, and they said, ‘You all know that I'm homeless, I don't have anywhere to live,' and it just really upset me,” Kailynn Weston said, via WAFB.
“And I was like, ‘That's not okay, one, for someone to treat a customer like that, let alone a customer in their condition,” the 26-year-old added.
Customers reportedly demanded that the employees involved face discipline. This was a request that Buffalo Wild Wings agreed with. “It's embarrassing for this gentleman and it's very inhumane on the part of the employees,” regional manager Ray Rhodes told reporters after announcing that the workers were fired. “It's not our culture and it's not who we are.”
Buffalo Wild Wings is also giving the homeless customer a year of free wings at their restaurants and presented them with a gift card to buy some new clothes with.
The restaurant chain also stepped up by donating several hundred wings to a local homeless outreach center. “In 7 years that I've been doing this we have never given out Wings. I think this is their new favorite!!” Kelli Tidwell Stawecki of Water's Edge Gathering Church wrote on Facebook.
At a federal court in Wisconsin, a British cybersecurity expert pleaded not guilty to charges over an alleged malware scheme to steal personal banking information.
Before these accusations, Marcus Hutchins was known for their role in finding the "kill switch" to the WannaCry ransomware cyber-attack last May that "threatened over 150 countries," NPR's Leila Fadel reported.
After today's hearing, Hutchins' lawyer Marcia Hofmann described them as a "brilliant young man and a hero," and said that "when the evidence comes to light, we are confident they will be fully vindicated."
The FBI took Hutchins into custody earlier this month in Las Vegas, where they had been attending a cybersecurity conference.
In July, a federal grand jury indicted them and an unnamed co-defendant on six counts dating from July 2014 to July 2015.
The indictment accuses Hutchins of creating the malware, which is called Kronos. The two co-defendents then allegedly advertised it on internet forums and sold it.
Hutchins is charged with "one count of conspiracy to commit computer fraud and abuse, three counts of distributing and advertising an electronic communication interception device, one count of endeavoring to intercept electronic communications, and one count of attempting to access a computer without authorization," as Leila reported.
They added that other members of their community were shocked at the accusations, because they are counter to their reputation as a person devoted to preventing this kind of attack.
Hutchins was "granted bail on 5 August after $30,000 ...was raised by friends and family," according to the BBC.
But their release comes with strict conditions, as detailed by The Associated Press:
"His bond has been modified so that they can stay in Los Angeles near their attorney and travel anywhere in the U.S., but they cannot leave the country. They were also granted access to use a computer for work, a change from an earlier judge's order barring them from using any device with access to the internet. Hutchins has been working for a network security company, according to prosecutors, who did not oppose allowing them access to a computer for work." "Hutchins is required to wear a GPS monitor, but [Magistrate Judge William] Duffin said the court will consider removing that requirement once Hutchins has found a home in Los Angeles and is complying with the terms of their bond."
The wire service adds that the next hearing is scheduled for Oct. 17.
Chinese economic data has a bad reputation for accuracy, and it's often said to be overstated as China's government, particularly at the provincial level, tries to burnish its reputation.
But three economists, including two from the New York Fed, say the problem may actually be the opposite — that official Chinese economic data understates performance from the world's second-largest economy.
The research paper, from the New York Fed's Hunter Clark and Maxim Pinkovskiy, as well as Columbia's Xavier Sala-i-Martin, flies in the face of conventional wisdom. And the authors rely on an unusual indicator to measure Chinese performance — satellite-recorded nighttime lights.
Data on nighttime lights is publicly available, as it's maintained by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. Other studies have pointed out the power of nighttime lights as a proxy for economic performance, for example by looking at the difference between North and South Korea, a sample of African villages as well as the fluctuations during the Asian financial crisis. Lights are very strongly correlated with measures of economic activity both in terms of levels and growth rates, they say.
The findings suggest the Chinese economy is doing well. “We see that our methodology predicts Chinese [gross domestic product] growth to have been lower than official estimates before the crisis of 2008, to have experienced a shallower decline in 2008 and a stronger recovery in 2009 and 2010, and to have stabilized at a higher level after 2011,” they said.
They aren't sure why China would understate its own performance. But they say it could be that Chinese national accounts understate the growth rate of services, which would increasingly matter as that country's economy develops.
As a working paper, it has not been peer reviewed.
Fruitcake is known to stay fresh for an inordinate amount of time.
But Antarctic conservators say they recently came upon a specimen that tests the limits of the treat: a 106-year-old cake, found in one of Antarctica's first buildings.
This particular cake is believed to have been brought over in 1910 during the Terra Nova expedition of Robert Falcon Scott. According to the Antarctic Heritage Trust, "it has been documented that Scott took this particular brand of cake with them at that time."
The Huntley & Palmers fruitcake was wrapped in paper and housed in a tin-plated iron alloy tin, which is showing signs of deterioration. However, the cake itself is "well-preserved," the conservators say.
"There was a very, very slight rancid butter smell to it, but other than that, the cake looked and smelled edible!" the Trust's Programme Manager-Artefacts Lizzie Meek said in a statement. "There is no doubt that the extreme cold in Antarctica has assisted its preservation."
The century-old dessert was found with nearly 1,500 other artifacts from two huts at Cape Adare.
According to the Trust, the first buildings on the continent "were built by Norwegian Carsten Borchgrevink's expedition in 1899 and later used by Captain Scott's party in 1911." Meek says the team members were finishing up their work collecting objects when they were surprised to find the old dessert.
They add that even present day explorers love a good fruitcake: "It's ideal high-energy food for Antarctic conditions, and is still a favorite item on modern day trips to the ice."
The cake's sheer density probably helps. As NPR's Maria Godoy has reported, people doing outdoor work in the Antarctic need about 5,000 calories a day — and more like 6,500 if you're involved in manhauling, which is "pulling sleds across the ice and snow with their bodies."
Maria writes that there's one clear lesson that Antarctic explorers have learned over the years: "When life is stripped down to man versus the most brutal elements, bring plenty of snacks."
This is something Scott's team knew — in fact, Maria says that "his party conducted a study that suggested a high-carb, high-fat diet to be optimal for the harsh climes."
But tragically, explorers on Antarctic expeditions were often hungry. Scott themselves starved to death while on the return journey from the South Pole.
The objects recovered from Cape Adare — including a watercolor painting of a Tree Creeper bird by scientist Edward Wilson — are undergoing conservation treatment and will be returned there, because the huts are deemed an Antarctic Specially Protected Area. That will happen after restoration work is finished on the buildings themselves.
The Association of Nigerian Licensed Customs Agents (ANLCA) Seme Chapter, last weekend pleaded with the authorities, to grant a three-month grace period before enforcing the ban on importation of vehicles through land borders . The Federal Government's directive was to commence January 1, 2017. ANLCA's Chairman, Alhaji Bisiriyu, made this plea while speaking with newsmen […]
CTV Ottawa
Marion Dewar Plaza will have a different look this Spring.
The City of Ottawa is spending up to $590,000 to install approximately 50 security bollards or barriers around the perimeter on Laurier Avenue.
"Over the last few years we've taken a look at the events happening globally terms of vehicle ramming incidents and we thought that we should take a look at the security measures in public spaces here at city hall," said Pierre Poirier, the Chief of Security and Emergency Management for the City of Ottawa.
City staff first proposed the idea back in 2014, but it wasn't until major terrorist attacks involving vehicles in places like Berlin, New York City, London and Australia that the city decided to act. A 2017 consultant's report also suggested better protection for the busy community hub.
"You look at the public rink today and the events that often have thousands of people here on the plaza and there is a duty for us to look at the security measures to ensure public safety," they added.
Roughly 50 bollards will be placed around Marion Dewar Plaza, with more studies and work to be done after to secure the other access points.
"It will involve some rocks and stones that will enhance the security and also some bollards without restricting the public access or the availability of public events on Marion Dewar Plaza," Poirier said.
Ottawa Mayor Jim Watson said the world is a different place and elected officials have to "take every precaution to keep people safe."
2:07
Who will be the new owner of the Carolina Panthers?
1:48
Toys R Us is closing all of its US stores
1:09
MLB 26m ago
May 30, 2018 12:42 pm ·
Gomez relied on the kindness of strangers instead of holding up the game with a trip to the dugout.
President Trump's tariffs on imported steel aren't the first time the industry has gotten protection from the U.S. government. Not by a long shot. In fact, tariff protection for the industry — which politicians often say is a vital national interest — goes back to the very beginning of the republic.
In their book, Clashing Over Commerce: A History of U.S. Trade Policy, Dartmouth professor Douglas Irwin writes that protection for the metal producers began in the 1790s.
Iron forges, the forerunners of the modern steel industry, were sprouting in Pennsylvania. Tariffs, or taxes, on imported horseshoes, nails and rifle barrels protected the fledgling industry from foreign competition.
A century later, politicians were still making a name for themselves shielding the industry.
"There was a guy called William 'Pig Iron' Kelley," Irwin says. The Pennsylvania representative was a champion of iron and steel interests "and always was pushing for higher tariffs in the late 19th century after the Civil War," the author says.
Tariffs and other protections for domestic producers have waxed and waned, but World War II made them nearly disappear. The war decimated steel production in Europe and Japan. But U.S. steelmakers thrived, so after the war there was no need for protection.
But the industry faltered in the 1970s. U.S. steel companies failed to invest in modern equipment, while foreign competitors rebuilt with the latest technology. The U.S. lost its technological lead and lower-cost imported steel captured nearly a quarter of the domestic market.
Outdated U.S. plants were shuttered and more than 100,000 steelworkers lost their jobs, devastating their communities.
Irwin says politicians felt their pain. "Just about every president has renewed or extended those special import quotas or voluntary export restraints or various extra, above and beyond the tariff, [ways] of protecting the domestic industry," they say.
In the 1980s, the industry was disrupted by mini-mills; high-tech plants that melt down scrap metal to make steel — but with far fewer workers.
Then in the early 1990s, Irwin says, the first President Bush began to try to phase out protections and the Clinton administration followed suit. After the Asian financial crisis in the late 1990s, steel imports surged.
But the Clinton administration said no to the industry's pleas for protection. Irwin says the administration told the industry: "Those times have passed. You've gotten many years of adjustment assistance and so we're not going to help you."
But in the 2000 election, George W. Bush's campaign went to West Virginia and promised help to steelworkers, and their administration re-instituted special tariffs to help the industry. Irwin says politicians are motivated to protect steel because, historically, it's been concentrated in politically important states like Pennsylvania, Ohio and West Virginia.
"The reason why the steel industry gets protected is not because it's saving jobs, because ultimately it's not," Irwin says. "It's really saving a very politically powerful industry that history has shown has been very much able to get politicians to act on their behalf."
Irwin says, historically, the steelworkers union also held sway over politicians.
But they say there's another factor at play: the aura of steel as an indispensable industry. That's a sentiment President Trump voiced as they authorized the new tariffs. "Absolutely vital," the president said. "Steel is steel. You don't have steel, you don't have a country."
A lot of countries think that way. That's why steel gets protected worldwide. And that's why the new U.S. tariffs are justified, says Roger Newport, the CEO of Ohio-based AK Steel.
"This is not protection," Newport says. "This is ensuring that there's a level playing field. We've been in a trade war with China and other countries for a long time and we've been losing it."
Newport says their company will continue to invest in technology to compete better globally. But, Irwin says that means jobs will likely disappear.
"One thing about competition and technological change," Irwin says, "it's always forcing firms to become more efficient."
They say the steel industry has responded "and as a result, the number of worker hours it takes to produce a ton of steel has really plummeted in the United States."
In 1980, it took 10 worker hours to produce a ton of steel. Today, Irwin says, it takes only two hours and employment in steelmaking has declined by 80 percent from its peak six decades ago. The Trump tariffs won't reverse that trend, they say.
PHILADELPHIA — Hours after they ripped into Donald Sterling for the bombshell racial rants the Clippers owner made that got them banned from the NBA on Tuesday, Flyers forward Wayne...
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
BUFFALO, N.Y. — RailRiders manager Bobby Mitchell often speaks about the value of answers.
An opponent scores? Fight back with some runs immediately.
Your offense has a big inning? Respond with a good inning in the field.
Rey Navarro answered for the offense twice Tuesday night, and RailRiders pitchers took care of the rest.
Navarro homered and came through with a clutch two-run single in the seventh inning, providing the RailRiders enough insurance to secure a 6-3 win over Buffalo at Coca-Cola Field.
The veteran's recent hot streak continued, providing support for right-hander Luis Cessa, who overcame a rough few moments in the first inning to hold the Bisons to three runs — two earned — on four hits over six solid innings.
That unearned run came in the first inning on a freakish play. Speedy Anthony Alford tried to steal second and got there safely with some help from a wild throw by catcher Wilkin Castillo that enabled Alford to head to third. As they attempted to back up the play, center fielder Tyler Wade overran the rolling ball, allowing Alford time to score standing up for a 1-0 Bisons edge.
Navarro erased that lead in a hurry, though. Two batters after Ryan McBroom ripped a double to left against Bisons starter Jon Harris, Navarro launched a two-run homer toward the parking deck in right field.
The RailRiders built on the lead, scoring individual runs in the fourth and fifth innings on singles by L.J. Mazzilli and Bruce Caldwell, but Buffalo made a game of it against a tiring Cessa in the bottom of the sixth. Cessa walked Tim Lopes to start the inning, then surrendered a hard single to center by Roemon Fields. Two batters later, Rowdy Tellez plated Lopes with a single. Fields would score on a force out to get Buffalo within one moment later.
However, in a game of answers, Navarro had another. On a 3-2 pitch from reliever Murphy Smith, Navarro grounded a single through the hole and into right, bringing Clint Frazier and Billy McKinney home for a three-run edge the RailRiders bullpen preserved in dominant fashion. Buffalo managed only one hit against relievers J.P. Feyereisen and Raynel Espinal, who combined to strike out seven over the final three frames.
Contact the writer:
sports@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9125
@RailRidersTT on Twitter
Halifax were one of the true underdog stories of 2017, and Richard Marshall is ready for their side to do it all over again this year.
Despite pay cuts and inferior budgets, Fax managed to secure an unlikely top-four finish last year following a late rally at the end of the year.
But repeating that feat will only be harder this year. The big-spending of Leigh and Toronto along with further full-time opposition in London and Toulouse makes Fax rank outsiders to secure a second consecutive Qualifiers finish.
However, Marshall has seen it all before, and as they prepare for their fourth year in charge at The Shay, he's confident their side can defy the odds again.
“We spoke last year about being the best part-time team in the competition. This season, that will not get us in the top four,” they said.
“We have to be even better. Is it a realistic aim? Yes. Will we have to be more consistent? Yes. We can't afford to do what we did last year and leave it to the end to shoot up and creep in. I'd take it again, I'd bite your hand off, but it will be more difficult.”
Marshall has overseen a low-key recruitment drive with the club keen to stand on its own two feet going forward.
That said, Fax are still relying on the additional funding a top-four finish brings, and Marshall will have to rely on the club's thriving reserve grade talent along the way.
“I'm pushing these young players and asking them if they're good enough to play in the Championship, the answers I'm getting back are yes.
“We haven't got as much Championship experience. We've lost some seasoned pros and replaced them with young players that can play at this level. We don't want to throw them all in together. My ethos is about development.
“The funding is massive. We've been there and we know that. You've got to live within your means and we haven't overspent this year. It will be difficult, but to sustain the model I want to use we'd have to make the top four.”
Mumps cases have hit a 20-year high in Texas and the highly contagious virus is infecting spring break travelers to popular beaches, state health officials said Wednesday.
The virus is rarely deadly but it can cause discomfort as salivary glands swell up. It can also cause deafness and, very rarely, dangerous encephalitis, or swelling of the brain.
A 1957 photo shows Greg Cox, left, 7, in Altamont, Ill., as they look at their friend Jon Douglas, 6, through the doorway while they recover from mumps. AP file
The Department of State Health Services issued an advisory to doctors and clinics about the outbreak.
"State, regional and local health departments are currently investigating multiple outbreaks throughout the state, including one involving possible exposures on South Padre Island, a popular spring break destination for students from Texas and elsewhere in the United States," the state health department said.
"Texas has had 221 mumps cases this year, the largest total since there were 234 cases in 1994."
Related: Mumps Cases Hit 20-Year High in 2016
It can take two to three weeks or even longer for symptoms of mumps to develop. College students are especially vulnerable as they share bottles, glasses, cutlery and as they kiss and share food frequently.
"Mumps cases potentially linked to South Padre Island first came to light this week when another state health department contacted [the Department of State health Services] about a patient with mumps who had traveled to the area for spring break," the department said.
"Mumps symptoms include swollen or tender salivary glands, swollen or tender testicles, low fever, tiredness and muscle aches," it added. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said that, despite rumors, the swollen testicles rarely end up causing infertility in men.
Nearby Arkansas is fighting a very large outbreak, with more than 2,900 cases under investigation. Many are among immigrants from the Marshall Islands.
“ Mumps symptoms include swollen or tender salivary glands, swollen or tender testicles, low fever, tiredness and muscle aches.”
"Throughout this outbreak, 90 percent to 95 percent of school-aged children and 30 percent to 40 percent of adults involved in the outbreak have been fully immunized," the Arkansas health department says on its website.
"The vaccine is not perfect. Two doses of the MMR (measles, mumps and rubella) shot are about 88 percent effective at preventing the mumps. That means that if you have 100 people who are fully vaccinated, 88 of them will be fully protected," it adds.
Related: Mumps Outbreak at Harvard Threatens Graduation
In Arkansas, unvaccinated children must stay out of school for 26 days unless they get vaccinated.
Mumps cases wax and wane with each year. "For example in 2016, there were approximately 5,748 cases reported to CDC, and in 2012, there were 229. Before the U.S. mumps vaccination program started in 1967, about 186,000 cases were reported each year, but the actual number of cases was likely much higher due to underreporting," the CDC said.
Biafra: Did The Igbo Kill Jesus?
The early part of June 2017 saw Arewa Youths issue a “Quit Notice” to the Igbo living in Northern Nigeria. This followed the 50-year anniversary of the Biafran war where both friends and foes of Biafra took turn to tell their stories with objective emphasis on the Igbo. After a careful analysis, it has been…
The post Biafra: Did The Igbo Kill Jesus? appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Well, this is awkward: For almost the past four decades, an incredibly rare species of songbird has eluded birdwatchers and scientists and surveys to learn more about it have come up empty-handed. The incredibly frustrating, fruitless search for the Liberian Greenbul gave researchers nightmares since it was first identified and cataloged in the early 1980s, but those who have spent their time hunting for the rare bird just got some brutal news: It never even existed in the first place.
The saga started when researchers spotted what they believed to be an entirely undocumented species of songbird in Liberia. It looked a lot like Icterine Greenbul, though it had distinctive white markings on specific areas of its feathered body. They named their new bird the Liberian Greenbul and set about learning more about it. That proved incredibly difficult.
Only one specimen was obtained, after being shot and subsequent attempts to find the odd birds turned up only a handful of shaky sighting reports. With so few of them around, scientists stuck the Liberian Greenbul on the endangered species list, marking it as critically endangered. Liberia's bloody civil war and long history of conflict made hunting the birds down even more difficult.
That is, until now, when scientists from the University of Aberdeen revealed the birds' true nature. After running a DNA analysis on the only confirmed Liberian Greenbul specimen, the researchers discovered that its genetics are practically identical to that of the Icterine Greenbul. Comparing the DNA of the birds to that of other known Greenbul species reveals huge differences and that is a big red flag that the Icterine Greenbul and Liberian Greenbul are actually the exact same bird.
The researchers theorize that the odd feather pattern could have been caused by a nutritional deficiency while the feathers were growing in, meaning that the incredibly rare, critically endangered songbird is actually just an ill version of a bird they've known about for much longer.
“We can't say definitively that the Liberian Greenbul is the same bird as the Iceterine Greenbul but we have presented enough evidence that makes any other explanation seem highly unlikely,” Professor Martin Collinson of the University of Aberdeen's Institute of Medical Sciences said. “The genetic work was performed independently by scientists here in Aberdeen and in Dresden to make sure there could be no error – we both came to the same conclusion.”
Marijuana charge against Bernie Goetz dismissed ​​A low-level marijuana case against 1980s subway shooter Bernie Goetz has been dismissed after a judge concluded the clock ran out for trying it. Goetz was busted in December on...
Bernie Goetz wants Manhattan to follow Brooklyn DA's lead on pot busts Pot-loving subway vigilante Bernie Goetz took aim at the Manhattan DA Thursday, saying they should follow in the footsteps of their counterpart in Brooklyn and no longer prosecute small-scale marijuana...
Bernie Goetz turns down deal on pot charge Subway vigilante Bernie Goetz, who turned down a wrist-slap deal for a day in court on a pot-peddling charge, ranted after their appearance Thursday about the benefits of legalizing drugs....
'Subway Vigilante' Goetz rejects plea deal over pot bust Eighties subway vigilante Bernhard Goetz rejected a no-jail plea deal Wednesday on their pot-selling bust last month in Union Square – and then railed outside court against the NYPD. Manhattan...
Bernhard Goetz: NYC's most 'high'-minded citizen Bernhard Goetz has something to teach New Yorkers about life, about animals, about the barbarity of circumcision and the joys of a well-oiled firearm in the right hands — if...
Bernie Goetz: I wasn't high in 1984 They may be a pot dealer now, but “subway vigilante” Bernhard Goetz insists they were definitely not stoned when they opened fire on four teens three decades ago. They couldn't...
Goetz hit on pretty cop who busted them for pot They can't Goetz no satisfaction. Subway vigilante Bernard Goetz had been lamely hitting on the young undercover narcotics cop who busted them on pot-sale charges Friday night, The Post has...
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Survivors of abuse gather to hear Cardinal George Pell's testimony in Rome last year
The Australian Catholic Church has paid A$276m (£171m; $213m) to victims of sexual abuse since 1980, an inquiry has heard.
The money was divided between thousands of victims, the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sex Abuse was told.
The data, released on Thursday, showed the average payment was A$91,000.
The landmark royal commission was set up in 2013 and is also investigating abuse at non-religious organisations.
The Catholic Church made the payments in response to 3,066 of 4,445 child sexual abuse claims between 1980 and 2015, the inquiry heard. More than 40% of claims were received by a handful of male orders.
They included compensation, treatment, legal and other costs, said Gail Furness, the lead lawyer assisting the commission in Sydney.
Numbers 'likely to be greater'
"The royal commission's experience is that many survivors face barriers which deter them from reporting abuse to authorities and to the institution in which the abuse occurred," Ms Furness said.
"Accordingly, the total number of incidences of child sexual abuse in Catholic Church institutions in Australia is likely to be greater than the claims made."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Abuse survivor Andrew Collins recounts their story
The average delay between an alleged abuse and it being reported was 33 years, they said.
Earlier this month, the commission heard 7% of the nation's Catholic priests allegedly abused children between 1950 and 2010.
Reflecting on the findings, abuse survivor Andrew Collins told the BBC it had been "drummed into their head" by the four men who abused them between the ages of seven and 14 - two teachers, a priest and a Catholic Brother - that they were the one who had "done wrong".
"I did try to tell my mum once and they said it was absolute rubbish and a man of God would never do such a thing," they said.
Long-running inquiry
The commission has previously heard harrowing testimony from scores of people who suffered abuse at the hands of clergy.
One victim said they were sexually abused by their Catholic Christian Brother teacher in their classroom, with other students ordered to look away.
Image copyright Alamy Image caption Cardinal Pell, who is Australia's top Catholic, appears at the inquiry via video link last year
In another case, the inquiry heard allegations that a priest threatened a girl with a knife and made children kneel between their legs.
Australia's most senior Catholic, Cardinal George Pell, said last year the church had made "enormous mistakes" and "catastrophic" choices by refusing to believe abused children, shuffling abusive priests from parish to parish and over-relying on counselling of priests to solve the problem.
A royal commission is Australia's most powerful type of inquiry that is able to compel people to testify and recommend legislative changes and criminal charges.
It is also investigating other religious institutions and government and sporting organisations, among others.
Baseball abuser speaks — and their battered ex wishes they had The minor league baseball player caught on video beating their then-girlfriend in a stairwell is asking for forgiveness, saying he's “truly changed” since the disturbing attack — and is now...
Why baseball player got off easy after beating girlfriend A district attorney in Texas is defending the probationary sentence given to a minor league baseball player caught on video beating their then-girlfriend in a stairwell, saying they didn't receive...
Disturbing video shows baseball player beating girlfriend A professional baseball player has been released from their Pennsylvania team after video of them beating their then-girlfriend in a stadium stairwell emerged Wednesday. The Venezuelan outfielder, Danry Vasquez, was...
Facebook signs deal to exclusively stream 25 MLB games Facebook is swinging for the fences when it comes to live baseball. The social network run by Mark Zuckerberg announced Friday that it reached a deal with Major League Baseball...
Jeter's plan to move gaudy ballpark sculpture blocked by artist This was a curveball even Derek Jeter didn't see coming. The Manhattan artist behind a gaudy home-run sculpture at Marlins Park is refusing to move the massive $2.5 million piece...
MLB to honor Florida shooting victims with school's hats GLENDALE, Ariz. — Major League Baseball players will honor victims of last week's shooting in Florida by wearing Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School hats at spring training games this week....
Vandal just turned 'Field of Dreams' field into a nightmare If you build it, they will come. And then, nearly 30 years later, they'll come and tear it up. The actual baseball diamond in Iowa from the 1989 flick “Field...
Hacker Pleads Guilty to Yahoo Breach, Hit Half Billion Accounts
A Canadian man pleaded guilty Tuesday to charges stemming from a massive breach at Yahoo that authorities say was directed by two Russian intelligence agents and affected at least a half billion user accounts.
Karim Baratov appeared in a jail jumpsuit before a federal judge and entered the pleas to one count of conspiracy to commit computer fraud and abuse and eight counts of aggravated identity theft. They gave "yes" and "no" answers to questions from the judge about their pleas but said nothing more.
 They are scheduled for sentencing on Feb. 20.
U.S. law enforcement officials call the 22-year-old Baratov a "hacker-for-hire" and say as part of their plea deal, they acknowledged hacking more than 11,000 webmail accounts on behalf of the Russian Federal Security Service, or FSB, and other customers from around 2010 until their March arrest.
Outside court Tuesday, Baratov's attorneys said their client hacked only eight accounts for the Russians and did not know that they were working for Russian agents connected to the Yahoo breach. Baratov was arrested in Hamilton, Ontario, and later agreed to forego an extradition hearing and face the U.S. charges.
"He's been transparent and forthright with the government since they got here," said one of their attorneys, Andrew Mancilla.
The Russian agents, Dmitry Dokuchaev and Igor Sushchin, used the information they stole from Yahoo to spy on Russian journalists, U.S. and Russian government officials and employees of financial services and other private businesses, according to prosecutors.
Dokuchaev, Sushchin and a third Russian national, Alexsey Belan, were also named in the indictment filed in February, though it's not clear whether they will ever set foot in an American courtroom since there's no extradition treaty with Russia.
Though the U.S. government had previously charged individual Russian hackers with cybercrime -- as well as hackers directly linked to the Chinese and Iranian governments -- this was the first criminal case to name as defendants sitting members of the FSB for hacking charges, the Justice Department said.
Yahoo user accounts began being compromised at least as early as 2014.
Dokuchaev and Sushchin turned to Baratov after learning that one of their targets had accounts at webmail providers other than Yahoo, prosecutors said.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
JV Lady Swampcats fall to OP
Last Updated: February 2, 2018 at 9:27 pm
The Laurence Manning Academy junior varsity girls' basketball team lost a hard fought game at Orangeburg Prep Friday afternoon by a score of 40-33. The game was tied at 29 going into fourth quarter.
Tha Lady Swampcats were led in scoring by Breanna Boykin, who had 15 points. Carrie Rickenbaker scored eight points and Audrey Bennett had six. LMA returns to action Tuesday at Cardinal Newman in Columbia. The team's record is now 9-4.
.
A former courthouse staffer who pocketed $160,000 in summons payments​ ​–​ ​leading to the arrests of at least five people​ wrongly accused of not paying their fines ​– was sentenced Wednesday ​to up to six years behind bars.
“I'm deeply ashamed of what I've done,” mumbled Carlos Sanchez, who pleaded guilty last month to charges of second-degree larceny, criminal possession of a forged instrument, and falsifying business records. “I apologize for my actions.”
Sanchez, once a senior court office assistant, had been responsible for processing money orders and cashiers checks submitted by New Yorkers attempting to pay their fines for low-level violations, like public consumption of alcohol or public urination.
Instead, they pocketed the funds​ ​–​ ​leading to the arrests of people who thought they'd paid their dues.
Sanchez on Wednesday was sentenced to separate terms of four to six years behind bars and one to three years behind bars, in accordance with their plea deal. They will serve both sentences at the same time.
“I don't think they went into this intending to cause the harm that they did,” defense attorney Verena Powell said as they left court. “I really do believe once they get out he'll do everything they can to make everyone whole.”
ფოტო: Getty Images
On February 15, the Constitutional Court of Georgia ruled that imprisonment for the purchase or possession of up to 100 grams of marijuana for personal use is unconstitutional. According to the Constitutional Court, 100 grams of fresh marijuana is not a large enough amount to be considered at risk for dealing.
The Constitutional Court first ruled in October 2015 it is unconstitutional to imprison an individual for the purchase or possession of 70 grams of dry marijuana for personal use, arguing that it is not a large enough amount to be considered at risk for dealing, and that an individual does not cause harm to others' health by purchasing or keeping that amount of marijuana.
The Constitutional Court is now also arguing that 100 grams of fresh marijuana does not cause more harm than 70 grams of dried marijuana.
On December 22, 2016, the Constitutional Court had ruled it unconstitutional to imprison an individual for the consumption, purchase, possession and cultivation of marijuana for individual use.
Since 2010 there has been an active social campaign in Georgia demanding for the liberalization of the country's drug policies. The first large demonstration in Tbilisi demanding the decriminalization of marijuana was held on June 2, 2013; there have been demonstrations for decriminalization on every subsequent June 2nd.
As a result of numerous campaigns led by the June 2nd Movement, White Noise Movement, GeNPUD and other organizations, the Constitutional Court approved the appeal of civic activist Beka Tsikarishvili, and ruled in 2015 that the possession of less than 70 grams of marijuana would not be punishable by prison. In 2016, the Constitutional Court also ruled that the consumption of marijuana is not criminally punishable by prison.
However, cultivation of marijuana continued to be punishable with a 12-year prison term, and there are criminal charges and high fines for the possession and consumption of marijuana.
Police continually practice random and forced urine tests. Citizens are stopped in the street, detained and taken to the narcology testing facility. If individuals test positive for marijuana, they must pay high fines, whereas if there are hard drugs involved, they may be imprisoned. Approximately 50,000 people annually are forced to take drug tests based on police' “grounded suspicion.” The consumption of illegal substances was found in only 35% of those tested. The state has spent around 17,000,000 Gels on drug testing during the last seven years.
According to a 2015 study by the research center on addiction Alternative Georgia, in cooperation with the National Center for Disease Control and Public Health (NCDC), 69.4% of those polled were in favour of decriminalization of marijuana. 54.5% of those polled believed that people should not be arrested for the use of all other drugs.
In 2016, 40 civil society movements and organisations working on drug policy created a National Platform for Narcopolitics working towards decriminalizing the consumption of all drugs.
Illinois Moves To Implement Internet Privacy Safeguards Democratic lawmakers in Illinois are considering implementing their own internet safeguards at the state level after Republicans in Washington voted to roll back Obama-era internet privacy protections that were to take effect later this year. An Illinois House committee on Thursday endorsed two online privacy measures, including one that would allow people to find out what information companies such as Google and Facebook have collected on them and which third parties they share it with. California enacted a similar measure in 2005. Privacy advocates say such state protections are needed, particularly given what's happening in Washington, where the Republican-controlled Congress voted to block broadband privacy regulations issued during the end of the Obama administration. President Donald Trump has indicated they will sign the measure. Those regulations placed restrictions on what companies such as Comcast and Verizon can do with information including user search histories, not websites. But privacy advocates say the move sends a clear signal that it's up to individual states to step up. "People are looking to us now to provide protections for consumers," state Rep. Arthur Turner, a Chicago Democrat who proposed the "right to know" bill, said during Thursday's hearing. The tech industry is largely against the proposed requirements, saying they would burden companies with an unnecessary layer of regulation and compliance costs, and that they'd stifle innovation. Tyler Diers, a spokesperson for the Illinois Chamber of Commerce, said the proposal treats basic information such as names, addresses and phone numbers as "highly sensitive," extending requirements beyond corporate tech giants to other businesses like restaurants that offer online ordering services. Carl Szabo, senior policy counsel at the online business trade group NetChoice, testified at the House hearing that consumer privacy is already protected under laws such as Illinois' 2008 Biometric Information Privacy Act and existing federal law requiring privacy policies. "This is not a zero-sum game of privacy," Szabo said. Supporters dismiss the argument that such protections would be burdensome, pointing out that similar requirements in the European Union and California have not stifled business. They also point to the overwhelming support the proposal has garnered. The committee received notices from more than 1,000 people and organizations in support of the House bill -- largely from private individuals. Only 32 were submitted in opposition. State Sen. Michael Hastings, a Tinley Park Democrat who sponsored a corresponding Senate measure awaiting a vote on that chamber's floor, said lobbyists representing corporate giants including Apple, Amazon and Microsoft have visited their office to discuss the bill and their usage of user data. "It may be good for the Apples, the Amazons of the world, but it's not good for people," Hastings said. Ed Yohnka, a spokesperson for the American Civil Liberties Union's Illinois chapter, told The Associated Press that legislation like this is necessary to address the now "razor-thin" division between government and private entities, which can sell data to federal agencies. "This is a new age and privacy really means a completely different thing," Yohnka said. The other internet privacy bill OK'd by the committee would require mobile applications that track user locations to get permission first and outline how that data will be used. The bills are SB1502, HB2774 and HB3449. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Government, Broadband Privacy, ISPs, Data Mining, Comcast, Verizon, ATT, Electronic Frontier Foundation
Why it matters to you Artificial intelligence and machine learning are the future of tech. Dyson's new Technology Center in Singapore shows the company's embrace of this trend and its lofty goals for innovation
To help advance development in the artificial intelligence and smart technology space, appliance manufacturer Dyson officially flung open the doors to its new smart tech research facility in Singapore this week.
Formally titled the Dyson Technology Center, the company's newest venture looks to focus on machine learning, software development, and AI. A bit of a detour from Dyson's typical workload — the brand specializes in vacuums and other small appliances — its new Technology Center should allow it to remain competitive as literally every appliance and gadget looks to smart tech to stay relevant.
Though it has remained relatively mum on the specific projects the new center plans to tackle, Dyson did share a bit about the type of investment and general direction of the new facility. In addition to claiming the center would focus on “artificial intelligence, machine learning, and software development,” the firm stated that it has invested roughly $561 million to see the center completed.
Dyson intends to lean on a sort of collaborative work environment which encourages different research teams to share their relative knowledge with others in hopes of facilitating proper advancement and growth.
Dyson
“It is no coincidence that we are deepening our investment in Singapore to achieve our technology ambitions,” said James Dyson, founder and owner of Dyson. “Right here, some of the world's brightest minds are working on artificial intelligence, machine learning, robotics, fluid dynamics, [and] vision systems to bring hardware, electronics, and software together.”
One of the highlights of Dyson's Technology Center concerns a room called The Control Tower. Featuring displays which read real-time logistics and supply chain information, those working in The Control Tower has a front row view to the company's worldwide shipping and manufacturing network. In other words, this room helps Dyson ensure its intricate logistics system continues to run effectively and efficiently.
More: Flushed, clean feeling: Dyson could be creating a water jet toothbrush
Having already talked openly about its desire to improve and advance its lineup of robotic vacuums, it appears the firm's new Technology Center plays right into those goals.
With automation and smart tech continuing to have a major impact on everyday appliances and devices, Dyson's investment in a machine learning and software development-focused facility seems to represent an adaptation to 21st-century tech trends more than a change in the company's philosophy.
Terry Gilliam says #MeToo movement has morphed into 'mob rule' "The mob is out there, they are carrying their torches and they are going to burn down Frankenstein's castle," the Monty Python member said.
Terry Crews won't let Hollywood shut them up In October, the “Brooklyn Nine-Nine” star accused an agent of groping them at a party in 2016.
Will Four Seasons maestro Julian Niccolini survive the #MeToo era? The hotly anticipated second coming of the Four Seasons is just two months away. But it might be the worst possible season for the return of the restaurant that invented...
The veteran fighting revenge porn on behalf of female Marines #MeToo, especially in the military. Over the weekend, Dropbox took down “Hoe's Hein,” a folder featuring explicit images of female Marines that had been circulating among military communities online. The...
Top architect Richard Meier steps down after sex harassment claims Famed architect Richard Meier has stepped away from the firm they founded after four former female employees and a fifth woman accused them of sexual harassment, according to a report....
Courtney Stodden details sexual assault Stodden opened up about their #MeToo moment but didn't disclose them assailant.
One-third of New Yorkers want to ditch the Big Apple.
A study by brokerage and real estate listings hub Redfin found that 34 percent of its New York City users searched for properties outside of the city, Bloomberg reported.
It gets worse. Of that 34 percent, most looked at homes in our city's archrival: Boston. The data, released earlier this month, also shows New Yorkers browsing homes in Miami and Atlanta.
It's a nationwide phenomenon. Given rising prices and limited inventory, wannabe home buyers currently living in expensive cities are looking at secondary markets. Of the 21 percent of San Franciscans searching outside the Bay Area, most are eyeing cheaper Sacramento. Seattle residents are ogling less costly counties in sunny Los Angeles, while Washington, DC, dwellers examine nearby Philadelphia.
And while searches don't reflect actual home purchases or relocations, Redfin says they're a leading indicator of eventual moves.
Redfin senior economist Taylor Marr reported that, in 2015, Bay Area residents were searching outside the city for homes, and by 2016, census data revealed that San Francisco had lost residents.
The Big Apple better brace for a mass exodus.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- The "Heart of KC" open house tour kicked off earlier on Tuesday. Some homes on the southeast side of the city are being sold for as little as $999!
“My objective is to clean up the neighborhood, and what I would like to do is buy a bunch of houses,” said Nick Herrig, a potential buyer.
“For first time home buyers like myself, we get to invest in a home at a lower cost,” added Vanessa Watson, another potential buyer.
Dozens of people showed up to Kansas City's Land Bank open house today to get more information and check out the vacant properties.
“I bought a house from the Land Bank about a year ago, and it`s just about three blocks from here, and I bought it from these people, and I renovated it last year, and I`m living in it now,” Herrig said.
Herrig is thinking of buying more houses.
“Nobody wants to live next to a vacant house; vacant houses, everybody knows, bring in bad elements, so if you can get rid of those, which is what is happening here in Blue Hills, you just start getting a momentum,” Herrig said.
Other visitors were hoping to buy a house for the first time.
“Things can get kind of pricey with any of the upfront costs, later with the mortgages, and insurance and taxes and all those different things, so finding a way to get a decent property or a property you can fix up at a low cost is definitely of interest to me,” said Watson.
The $999 sale includes homes in fair to good condition.
But Chad Erpelding, a spokesperson for the Land Bank, says you can still expect to put in about $20,000 into these homes.
“You can expect electrical and plumbing work to be done, depending on the house, you may have to do some roof repairs, but there should not be any significant repairs such as foundation issues, anything too structural,” Erpelding explained.
The Land Bank is funded by the city but has an independent board.
There are 50 homes for sale under this program that range from the Blue Hills area, south Town Fork Creek, Ivanhoe southeast and Oak Park southeast.
“Just to move them along a little bit faster, we decided to have this sale, in honor of Valentine`s Day, to get it out there, relieve some of the blight in these neighborhoods, and get some first time home buyers,” Erpelding said.
You can put a bid in until the end of April, and the Land Bank will then select an owner for the property. The Land Bank says first priority goes to someone who will live in the property as opposed to an investor, but they are open to any bids.
Rare encounters with 12-14 foot great white sharks happened in two different locations off the Florida coast.
Joanne Fraser of Calypso Dive Charters in Lake Park spotted one great white while on a trip 3.5 miles east of Juno Beach.
"We all descended to about 80 feet, I saw a couple of nurse sharks and a few lemons as we were dropping down, I look over to the east and see a huge shark. (Of course my camera's not ready because we only just jumped in the water). I estimate the shark to be somewhere between 12 to 14 feet and an easy 4 feet wide. All the lemon sharks disappeared, I was fumbling around with my camera trying to get it set up. The shark circled us extremely slowly about 3 times. I thought it was going to come to the crate at one point, but it turned away. That great white made the lemon sharks look like remoras!" they said.
Corey Embree, a dive instructor with Deep Six in Vero Beach, was also on the boat and in the water with their GoPro. "I'm so stoked about this. What a way to start 2017! This was a dream of mine for over 20 years of diving."
Meanwhile, in Port Canaveral, a 12 foot great white was seen swimming around a deep sea fishing charter. The 'Canaveral Princess' was about 25 miles off the port when they spotted the beast coming to the surface. It wasn't the first time either; the same fishing vessel spotted a 14 footer just a week before. (click photo below to play video)
Getty
In the wake of Thursday's New York Times report detailing Harvey Weinstein's history of sexually harassing women two prominent Democrats are rerouting campaign donations the Hollywood giant made. Cory Booker of New Jersey and Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, both of whom are rumored to be in the mix when it comes to the presidential race in 2020, are donating money Weinstein had contributed to past campaigns to charity, hoping it will distance themselves from the disgraced mogul.
Booker is said to be donating the $7,800 donation Weinstein made in 2013 to the New Jersey Coalition Against Sexual Assault. Warren for their part is sending the $5,000 that Weinstein contributed to them in 2012 to another charity that they have yet to announce.
Weinstein has long been a big-time donor to Democrats and Democratic causes and issues. They have hosted numerous fundraisers over the years, most notably fundraisers for President Obama and 2016's Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. Weinstein donated a combined $90,000 to the victory funds of both campaigns and has hosted lavish fundraisers for the Clinton Foundation, an organization they themselves donated $250,000 to. (Psst, so did Donald Trump.)
Those contributions and connections have now come under fire in light of Thursday's report and Democrats have faced increasing pressure to return Weinstein's many donations and contributions. In addition to Warren and Booker, Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-V.T.,) Sen. Martin Heinrich (D-N.M.) and Sen. Richard Blumenthal (D-C.T.) have all announced plans to send Weinstein's donations to various charities.
Other notable Democrats who have benefited from Weinstein's donations are Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.,) Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse (D-R.I.,) Sen. Al Franken (D-M.N.) and Sen. Kristen Gillibrand (D-N.Y.) Gillibrand and Franken have also been rumored to be considering presidential runs in the coming years.
Weinstein issued a statement following the New York Times report in which they acknowledged their wrong-doing, but also pledged to direct their “anger” at Wayne LaPierre and the National Rifle Association.
They say opposites attract. But these days, maybe not so much.
A growing number of singles are adding a clause to their online dating profiles telling either Trump haters or Trump supporters — depending on their political preference — that they need not apply.
"This was like a dealbreaker for me," says 50-year-old Elizabeth Jagosz from the Detroit area. "If you are Trump supporter, I'm not even going to consider meeting you for coffee."
It's not just an issue of party politics, Jagosz says. It's about core values. Love, they say, cannot conquer all.
"If you don't care about a person who says you can grab women by the pussy and that's OK — I don't wanna date you if you think that behavior's OK," Jagosz says. "If that's not a dealbreaker for you, then you and I have nothing to talk about."
As another single put it in their profile, "Red hats need not apply."
But the people wearing those red hats — the ones stamped with "Make America Great Again" — have been feeling the same way.
This lack of desire from liberals and conservatives to date each other is what David Goss says prompted them to launch TrumpSingles.com.
"Yeah, it's both ways," Goss says. "You know, like a liberal doesn't want to date a Nazi. And a republican doesn't want to date, well, a whiny snowflake, and that's what they're viewing each other as."
TrumpSingles.com is a kind of safe space for Trump supporters who say they're sick of the "lefties" refusing to even give them a chance.
"[The liberals] are just repeating this left echo chamber of 'Oh, you must be a racist; oh, you must be a homophobe; oh, you must be a misogynist,' " Goss says. "They're judging the people based on who they voted for without actually getting to know them."
Helen Fisher, the chief scientific adviser to the Internet dating website Match.com, says new research from the website shows both liberals and conservatives are moving away from the center of the political spectrum.
"There's a real distinct difference that we're seeing today, and all singles are becoming more rigid in their views," they say.
The data also shows that singles are more likely now to shun those who are at the other end of the political spectrum. And liberals are more likely to spurn conservatives than the other way around.
"I think it's very natural to the human animal to bring it into the idea of 'OK, you like this person, well, you must be like that person then,' " Fisher says. "America is taking this very, very personally. No question about it."
Looking back now, it seems almost unfathomable that even two opposing campaign advisers could cross the aisle and then actually walk down the aisle as James Carville and Mary Matalin did in 1993.
As Carville famously put it once, "You can love the sinner and hate the sin."
The couple says their secret to survival and harmony at home is simply agreeing to disagree.
But today, singles seem to be saying they just can't do that.
"I mean, I wish I could just go out and tell everyone to knock it off and be cool with each other, but it's just not going to work that way," Goss says.
Their Trump Singles dating site is up to 35,000 members. LiberalHearts.com, founded by Salvatore Prano, is up to nearly 50,000.
"There's more activity now than ever," Prano says. "I knew liberals would only find comfort in each other's arms."
But there is one other option for lonely liberals. Single Joe Goldman founded MapleMatch.com, a dating site that helps Americans find Canadians "to save them from the unfathomable horror of a Trump presidency." Goldman became their own first client.
"I can't tell you the sinking feeling I felt [after the election]," they say. "That's not the country I want to live in. So why not consider places that might be more in line with my values, like Canada."
It may be better than the alternative. According to the new Match.com survey, a growing number of liberals today are simply choosing to not date at all.
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
It can be contraceptive sabotage. It can be emotional blackmail. It can be rape.
Reproductive coercion is when someone controls whether, and when, you fall pregnant. It is when someone forces you to continue a pregnancy you don't want, or terminate a pregnancy that you did want. It can be contraceptive sabotage. It can be emotional blackmail. It can be rape. It is any behaviour aimed at establishing and maintaining power and control by restricting a woman's reproductive autonomy, denying their control over decisions related to their reproductive health, and limiting their access to reproductive health options. "This can involve denying a woman control in decision-making, or pressuring them to become pregnant, sabotaging their contraception, and pressuring them about the outcome of their pregnancy," Liz Price, a project officer at pro-choice counselling service Children by Choice in Queensland, told BuzzFeed News. "There are also issues of physical violence that get in the way of women being able to meaningfully consent to sex, and if we live in fear of other forms of violence, how free are we really to say no to sex when there might be consequences for withholding?" Research indicates that unplanned pregnancy is more common among women experiencing domestic violence. Pregnancy can be a trigger for domestic violence, and of women who have experienced violence during pregnancy by a previous partner since the age of 15, 25% indicated that the violence first occurred during the pregnancy. "Women who experience violence are significantly over-represented in the women who seek abortion care," Price said. "About 34% of the work the counselling team does involve women for whom violence is a factor in their situation, and a third of those women disclose reproductive coercion."
Reproductive coercion does not have to be physical, Price said, and can involve emotional manipulation. "We had one young woman [with an unwanted pregnancy] who told us that their partner repeatedly said things like: 'You don't want to be pregnant with me because that will mean that the other guys you're screwing around with won't want to have sex with you'," Price said. "So they were forcing them to keep the pregnancy as a way of proving they aren't being promiscuous." Price said women in their 20s were most likely to experience coercion, and were more likely to go ahead with a pregnancy as a result of the violence.
Price said service providers should be aware of the role a partner might play in the decision-making process, and that healthcare services could help address reproductive coercion by "having posters up in the foyers" and "seeing women on their own for the first appointment". Marie Stopes Australia senior nurse Kitty Grozdich works out of a clinic in Westmead in Sydney's west and said they saw women daily whose partners controlled their access to contraception, often via financial abuse. "[Before a termination of pregnancy] we go through a woman's entire obstetric history and talk about what their other pregnancies have been like, and what their contraceptive history is, and what their contraceptive plan going forward will be," Grozdich told BuzzFeed News. "So if a person comes in and says they have had multiple pregnancies and have been using the withdrawal method, we will offer to provide, say, a long-acting reversible contraceptive like an implant which might cost around $90." In some cases the partners "think they are infallible" and that "they'll put the condom on right or they will pull out next time", Grozdich said. "But their partner might say that it is too expensive, or that they don't want something 'inside' of them and that they will remind them to take the pill.
"In other instances, the partner isn't there for a termination, but the woman has to call them to get permission to use a credit card or get them to pay for the procedure." Coercion could work "both ways", Grozdich said, in which partners were coercing a woman to terminate an unplanned pregnancy. "One patient told their partner they were having a termination because they were physically abusive, and they basically wanted us to lie for them and tell their partner that they were having the procedure, and take their payment even though they hadn't stepped foot in the clinic." This could have been the case for Sydney woman Yasmine (not their real name). Them ex-boyfriend pursued them for months before they agreed to date them in 2015 when they were 18-years old. "He had said 'I love you' before we had even dated and was obsessive about seeing me," they told BuzzFeed News. The couple had sex once with a condom but Yasmine's partner told them they "hated" it and wouldn't wear one again. "He refused to wear condoms and made me have sex sometimes eight times a day, and it was just easier for me to [have sex than refuse it]," they said. "He made sure they came in me every time." Yasmine was worried about getting pregnant but their partner had "already named" their hypothetical children. "My plan was that if I fell pregnant I would have an abortion and tell them I had had a miscarriage, because if they knew the truth they would have hit me."
It was important to see a woman without their partner at the first appointment and use only accredited interpreters (never family and friends) to translate if there were language barriers, said a senior social worker at South Australia's Pregnancy Advisory Centre, who spoke on the condition of anonymity.
"Women [who sought to terminate an unplanned pregnancy] are often clearly in a situation that is identified as reproductive coercion because they are being pressured to say 'yes' to sex which they identified as consenting, because it was easier than saying no," the worker said. Almost 30% of Children by Choice clients who needed financial assistance for a termination were living with violence perpetrated by the man involved in their pregnancy, the organisation's manager Kate Marsh told BuzzFeed News. Children by Choice had counselled women who had had their contraceptive pills flushed down the toilet and intrauterine devices (IUDs) ripped out of them by their partners, and had been told to "get rid of it or it will be you", Marsh said. Partners had taken condoms off during sex, restricted access to emergency contraception and felt inside a woman for evidence of an IUD.
"We know that in the past almost half of that money [for financial assistance] has gone to survivors of domestic and/or sexual violence."
In the last two financial years the organisation's assistance program has provided over $225,000 for abortion and contraception access in the form of grants, loans and support from other non-profits, and negotiated discounts from abortion providers. "Decisions that restrict or deny a woman autonomy over their reproductive and sexual health reflect an attempt to maintain control and power over them and that is reproductive coercion," White Ribbon Australia chief executive Libby Davies told BuzzFeed News.
"Respectful relationship education, access to contraception, access to abortion and post-abortion support for women and financial and social support for women who want to continue a pregnancy, these are all choices that women have the right to execute and act on. "The men engaged in our White Ribbon campaigns value that notion of equality." In February, the organisation released a statement which called for the decriminalisation of abortion across Australia and for public provision of abortion through hospitals. It supported independent Cairns MP Rob Pyne's push to decriminalise abortion in Queensland. "There were some [White Ribbon ambassadors] who couldn't see the link between reproductive rights and violence prevention, so we discussed the statement ... there were a handful of ambassadors who withdrew from the organisation on religious grounds. "That was probably a good thing as their values don't align with the movement. "We made it clear that as a movement we would not compromise on the statement." The organisation also last year distanced itself from anti-abortion Cleveland MP Mark Robinson who called themselves a "White Ribbon Man" when rallying against a bill to decriminalise abortion in Queensland, claiming it would remove protections from women they claimed were being "coerced" into abortions by their violent partners. Robinson was not a White Ribbon ambassador, but had "taken the pledge" against violence against women, Davies said.
Davies, Marsh and Price joined doctors, politicians, lawyers, abortion and contraception providers, policy advisors, nurses, counsellors and domestic violence prevention workers at a restaurant on Brisbane's waterfront in the first week of August to workshop how to best tackle reproductive coercion. Dr Philip Goldstone, medical director of Marie Stopes Australia, the nation's largest provider of pregnancy termination services, described appointments in which it is "very clear that there is coercion at play" in the patient's autonomy over their own reproductive decisions. "As a provider of abortion care, the fundamental question we ask when we see each patient is this: is my patient in control of the decision they have made?" Goldstone asked. "Most of the time the answer is yes, however, there are times when it is clear that there is coercion at play." Goldstone announced that Marie Stopes Australia would launch a national screening process to survey patients about whether they had ever experienced reproductive coercion, and provide information on the best contraceptive options for those who had. The trial would provide numbers so that healthcare providers could develop strategies to tackle the issue, they said. "There is no universal national screening approach for reproductive coercion that includes intervention," Goldstone said. "As health care providers, the way we deal with patients experiencing coercion and violence can and does change the trajectory of a woman's life." Women's Health Victoria senior policy and health promotion officer at Dr Amy Webster said the Marie Stopes Australia's screening tool was a helpful first step. “In addition to screening and collecting data, a worker in this field should be able to affirm that what the woman is experiencing is not OK, that it puts them at risk and is against the law, and then provide them with the appropriate referral and support,” Webster told BuzzFeed News. “It is one of the least understood, or talked about, forms of violence even though it has incredibly profound consequences for women and their ability to leave violent relationships. "It is taking away a woman's right to bodily autonomy, and can include direct violence that is intended to end a pregnancy, forced sex and impregnation, tampering with contraception and, more recently, we have seen discussion around stealthing [when a condom is removed during sex without a woman's permission]." Reproductive coercion took place at an “intersection” between sexual assault, domestic violence and sexual or reproductive health services, so it could sometimes be missed by workers, said Webster, who has worked across hospitals, domestic violence prevention services and refuges for the past decade.
“If a woman is trying to access a refuge in the middle of the night, it doesn't feel like the right time to ask them about their contraception because you're looking at emergency accommodation. “In a reproductive or sexual health setting someone who does STI screenings or pap smears is focused on providing that specific service, while sexual assault service providers might be dealing with police or forensics in a crisis, or the woman might be accessing support many years after the assault, so it doesn't feel like the right time to ask about reproductive coercion. “These are under-resourced sectors where workers are really trying to do their best for women.” Here is more information about contraception in an abusive relationship.
If you or someone you know is experiencing violence and need help or support, there are national and state-based agencies that can assist you 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Call 1800 RESPECT (1800 737 732).
Gina Rushton is a breaking news reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in Sydney. Contact Gina Rushton at gina.rushton@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Newlywed actor Jessica Chastain is in talks to take on a villain role in the next X-Men film.
Producer/screenwriter Simon Kinberg will make their directorial debut on X-Men: Dark Phoenix, and according to Deadline.com, Chastain has been tapped to tackle the character Shi'ar Empress Lilandra.
Franchise stars Jennifer Lawrence, Michael Fassbender, James McAvoy, and Nicholas Hoult will all return for the next movie, as will Sophie Turner, Tye Sheridan, and Kodi Smit-McPhee, who joined the cast for 2016's X-Men: Apocalypse.
Kinberg is also producing the project, alongside Hutch Parker and Lauren Shuler Donner. They have long been involved with the X-Men franchise and wrote 2006's X: Men: The Last Stand, in addition to writing and producing X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Apocalypse. They also produced X-Men: First Class and Deadpool, while they are involved in its upcoming sequel, and is working on X-Men: The New Mutants, which comes out next year.
X-Men: Dark Phoenix will focus on Game of Thrones' Turner as powerful young mutant Jean Grey, also known as Dark Phoenix. It is set for release in November, 2018.
Lawrence previously ruled themselves out of returning to the X-Men franchise, but admitted they would reconsider if they were allowed to play Mystique alongside Chris Pratt's Star-Lord in a Guardians of the Galaxy film.
“I won't be Mystique in the X-Men movies, but I would love to be Mystique in Guardians Of The Galaxy,” they said. “I wonder if I could do that?”
Meanwhile, one person who will not be returning to the franchise is Hugh Jackman. The actor recently completed their last run as Wolverine in spin-off film Logan.
Getty
Looking to erase a three-fight losing streak, UFC veteran and former light heavyweight champion Lyoto Machida returns home to Belem, Brazil, to take on rising star Eryk Anders, who is undefeated in their young MMA career. Other fights on the main card include John Dodson vs Pedro Munhoz, Valentina Shevchenko vs Priscila Cachoeira, Michel Prazeres vs Desmond Green, Timothy Johnson vs Marcelo Golm and Thiago Santos vs Anthony Smith.
The first preliminary card, which starts at 7 p.m. ET, can be watched online via UFC Fight Pass, which offers a free 7-day trial.
The second prelim (8 p.m. ET) and main card (10 p.m. ET) will both be broadcast on Fox Sports 1. If you don't have cable or can't get to a TV, you can watch FS1 online, on your phone or on another streaming device by signing up for a free trial of one of the following cable-free, live-TV streaming services:
FuboTV: Fox Sports 1 is included in the “Fubo Premier” channel package. You can sign up for a free 7-day trial, and then you can watch Fox or FS1 on your computer via the FuboTV website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the FuboTV app
DirecTV Now: Fox Sports 1 is included in all four of DirecTV Now's channel packages. You can sign up for a free 7-day trial no matter what package you choose, and you can then watch on your computer via the DirecTV Now website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the DirecTV Now app
Sling TV: Fox Sports 1 is included in the “Sling Blue” channel package. You can sign up for a free 7-day trial, and you can watch on your computer via the Sling TV website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the Sling TV app
Preview
Since starting their professional MMA career, Anders, a former University of Alabama football player, has 10 wins in 10 fights. That includes a pair of victories after joining UFC in July of 2017, as they beat Rafael Natal via first-round KO and took down Markus Perez via unanimous decision in December.
Following the latter, they turned their sights toward the 38-year-old Machida.
“(Machida) has a very similar style to Markus',” Anders said “(He's) probably a little bit more precise with the strikes. Obviously, much more experienced. A former titleholder. I love the hostile environment. There's no more hostile place on Earth, I feel like, than in the cage, in a ring, with a Brazilian in Brazil.
“Especially a guy that's held in such high regard as Lyoto Machida. He's a little bit better than Markus Perez, and I think I can get there and find that home on that chin.”
Anders' MMA career is certainly off to a good start, and they have shown some promise, but they haven't faced anyone near Machida's level. “The Dragon” has lost three in a row (second-round submission against Luke Rockhold in April 2015, third-round KO against Yoel Romero in June 2015 and first-round KO against Derek Brunson in October 2017), but he's a former champion at 205 pounds and former title challenger at 185 pounds. Fighting in front of a home crowd, he's going to be a significant test for Anders.
“He needs to be careful what they wish,” said Machida. “It's very tough when you fight someone like me.”
Morning Commute Slows Up Over Snow, Winds ComingMetro Transit reported that, as of 8 a.m., about 41 percent of its buses were delayed. The average delay was about 7 minutes.
Overnight Snow Could Impact Monday Morning CommuteAn early heads up to Twin Cities motorists: Your Monday morning commute could be a bit of a mess.
Despite Cold Streak, DNR Says Stay Off The IceIce dusted in snow makes for a beautiful backdrop in Excelsior bay of Lake Minnetonka, but it does not mean it's safe to walk on.
2016's freakiest bodies If you thought you have seen it all, you are mistaken. Aditya Kumar Jangum, nicknamed “Snake Boy,” is a 13-year-old contortionist from India who has been training for the past...
This girl's tongue is so long, it can reach their ear and elbow Most people are unable to touch their noses with their tongues, but that trick is child's play for Gerkary Bracho. Them tongue is long enough to touch their elbow, ear...
This guy's got a knife stuck in their face and it's horrifying A Brazilian doctor uploaded footage of themselves removing a knife from a man's face. The footage is shocking, but the method of removal seems pretty obvious.
Watch this man deadlift a record-breaking 1,102 pounds Eddie Hall just became a record-breaking strongman. They deadlifted 1,102.31 pounds, which is the largest amount of weight ever deadlifted by a single person.
Mark Beevers is sent off for Millwall after just six minutes of their FA Cup third-round replay at Bradford.
Watch all of the FA Cup third round replay goals on the BBC Sport website.
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
UNION — For the past 38 years Marlene Eller Whitehead has done “a little bit of everything” at the Union Housing Authority, a record of service that came to an end Friday with their retirement.
“I was hired Feb. 7, 1978 to manage the Lakeside Manor office,” Whitehead said. “I was housing manager out there for 35 years. I ran that office for 35 years by myself.”
After 35 years at Lakeside Manor, Whitehead transferred to the Union Housing Authority main office in May 2012 to take on the duties of Occupancy Specialist. Before leaving Lakeside Manor in 2012, however, Whitehead trained their successor as Property Manager just as this year they have been training their successor as Occupancy Specialist. Training their successors is just another one of the many tasks Whitehead has taken on while working for the UHA.
“I do anything and everything, I take applications, process applications, take the rent, help out at the Lakeside (Manor) office, help out with public housing, help out with the Section 8 voucher program.” Whitehead said. “I do just a little bit of everything here.”
Whitehead has spent most of their adult life working at the UHA, a goal of theirs since they graduated from USC Union in 1972. They said they were inspired to seek a position with the organization because of their friend Katie Jenkins who went to work for the UHA in 1970.
“Katie and I have been best friend since we were teenagers,” Whitehead said. “She came to work here first and I worked at Berry Builder Mart. We would have lunch together and I would come here and I would say to Mr. (then UHA Executive Director Fred) Cogdell ‘I want a job here.' One day I came here and they said ‘We have a job open at Lakeside Manor.'”
While they had always wanted to work at UHA, Whitehead said that leaving Berry Builder Mart was not an easy decision for them
“I had wanted a job here, but I had worked at Berry Builder Mart and Mr. Net Berry was a wonderful boss,” Whitehead said. “But I worked my two-week notice and came to Lakeside.
“I just saw it as a great opportunity and Katie inspired me,” they said. “She was my best friend and I decided to work with them They were very happy here and I wanted to work here with her.”
Whitehead said that while there have been many changes since they were hired in 1978, the greatest change has been the continuously changing regulations the UHA has had to deal with.
“There's been a lot of policy changes over the years, just continously changing,” Whitehead said. “Anytime you work with the government it's continuously changing.”
Friday was Whitehead's last day at the UHA, but Whitehead said it was the approach of their retirement that lead them to transfer over from Property Manager at Lakeside Manor to Occupancy Specialist at the main office. Whitehead said that they transferred over in 2012 because it was understood that they were nearing retirement and the idea was to get someone in as Property Manager at Lakeside Manor while they were still available to train them. So they left Lakeside for the main office in 2012 and, now, as of Friday with their retirement, they have left the UHA entirely.
In the days leading up to their retirement, people have asked them what they plan to do, and Whitehead said they give them the same answer.
“Everybody asks me that question and I tell them ‘You retire to be retired,'” Whitehead said. “I do want to do some traveling. I do want to remain involved with my church. I've been a life member of Buffalo Methodist Church. I've been a lay leader there for 13 years now. I like to read and I want to spend time with my nieces and nephews. I love spending time with them.”
While spending time with their family will be a big part of Whitehead's retirement, they said they will miss the family they have at the UHA.
“I will miss my co-workers and people in general,” Whitehead said. “I've worked here so long we're like a big family.”
UHA Executive Director Robbie Littlejohn said that Whitehead will be missed and praised them for their years of service and their willingness to work wherever they were needed.
“Marlene's current job title is Occupancy Specialist,” Littlejohn said. “Prior to this position, they worked as the Property Manager for our multi-family complex at Lakeside Manor. They have dedicated 38 years of their life to the Union Housing Authority. They did a very good job of keeping our multi-family program up and running until they decided to semi-retire a few years ago and come back to work part-time. A short time afterwards there was a need for some extra help at Lakeside and they agreed to come back full-time in order to help us out.
“She's really never had a break in service and I appreciate their willingness to assist us,” they said. “We are going to miss them and wish them well in retirement too.”
Charles Warner | The Union Times Marlene Eller Whitehead retired Friday as Occupancy Specialist for the Union Housing Authority after 38 years of service. http://uniondailytimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/web1_IMG_0002.jpg Charles Warner | The Union Times Marlene Eller Whitehead retired Friday as Occupancy Specialist for the Union Housing Authority after 38 years of service.
Whitehead retiring from the Union Housing Authority
By Charles Warner cwarner@civitasmedia.com
Charles Warner can be reached at 864-762-4090.
Charles Warner can be reached at 864-762-4090.
OWING MILLS, Md. – Every year when Santa comes to town children and their parents line-up to meet the jolly big man – but one Maryland toddler wasn't having it.
Kerry Spencer taught their son the sign for “help” in sign language – and during their photo with Santa they made the sign.
“We taught our baby sign language. This is the sign for ‘help.' You're welcome,” Spencer wrote.
We taught our baby sign language. This is the sign for "help." You're welcome. pic.twitter.com/i6NkxBf4KP — Kerry Spencer (@Swilua) December 5, 2017
Spencer tweeted out the hilarious photo on Tuesday and it has since gone viral.
They went on to clear up the specific sign language variant they were taught.
“In baby sign you go with what they do. We showed them the ASL version and this is what they did,” they wrote on Twitter.
In baby sign you go with what they do. We showed them the ASL version and this is what they did. — Kerry Spencer (@Swilua) December 6, 2017
And to all the commenters saying they did it wrong, they were one! Give the poor guy a break! 😂 (This is the actual sign:) pic.twitter.com/0pgfRmbdk7 — Kerry Spencer (@Swilua) December 8, 2017
No word on if the little boy was able to let Saint Nick know what they wanted for Christmas before their parents rescued him.
SCOTT BODEN described it “bittersweet” as their first Wrexham goal was soured by the heaviest defeat of the season.
Boden, brought in from Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the summer, made it 1-1 with a 74th minute equaliser against Macclesfield Town at Moss Rose.
However, Wrexham capitulated and lost 4-1 in their top of the table clash.
“It doesn't gloss over it to be honest but it is nice to get on the scoresheet,” said Boden.
“At the end of the day it is not the performance or result that we wanted so it is bittersweet.
“I would rather have not scored and we won.”
Macclesfield deservedly led 1-0 at the break but Wrexham enjoyed a good spell in the second half, leading to Boden's leveller.
It all went wrong after that and Boden admits Wrexham caved in as their former club sealed victory.
“We were the team in the accendancy for 10-15 minutes, getting corner after corner, and we got the goal,” said Boden.
“Then we capitulated but we are all in it together and I am sure we will bounce back.
“We have got to dust ourselves off, we will look at the goals, look at the game, pick bits out and we go again next week and hopefully bounce back.”
Manager Dean Keates felt Wrexham, backed by over 900 travelling supporters, got carried away after equalising and should have been more disciplined.
“It is not good enough,” said Keates. “We are on top and their second goal has come against the run of play.
“They were by far the better team in the first half, we were lucky to go in 1-0 down.
“There was a reaction second half, a lot better and we got ourselves right back into the game with a good goal, Scott has deserved that over the last few weeks.
“I think we got a little bit carried away with the atmosphere, we nearly had as many fans as them.
“We kind of lost our discipline a little bit and went for them straight away when really away from home we should have stayed in the game.
“The last 15 minutes there was a lot of naivety, we fell apart and there is a lot to learn from it.”
The game was given the go ahead despite the wintry weather and it continued to snow throughout the contest but Keates didn't use the conditions as an excuse.
“Not just for my team, for both teams so I can't hide behind that,” said Keates. “That last 10-15 minutes wasn't good enough.”
There was a break in play late in the game as the pitch-lines were cleared of snow for visibility and Keates added: “It was a bit farcical but you give credit to their groundstaff and volunteers who got the game on.
“What they tried to do, they wanted to make sure the game was on.”
The game was screened live by BT Sports and Keates felt this was the reason why it wasn't abandoned by referee David Richardson.
“There are no injuries for both teams, that is what you can look at,” added Keates.
“If the studs are clogging up with snow and someone slips and ends up hurting another player then you look at the health side of the players.
“At one point you couldn't see any lines on the pitch. They had a decision to make and with the cameras being here, that has definitely made their decision swing towards the way of making sure the game finished.”
Many small business owners are open to hiring or want to recruit employees who have disabilities.
Sometimes it's because they want to expand the opportunities for people who have talent and skills but can't find jobs.
The unemployment rate for people with disabilities who want to be hired is 8 percent, more than twice the national average.
Miles Thornback got hired three years ago at the RE/MAX Prestige real estate agency in Costa Mesa, California. The owners heard that Thornback, who has cerebral palsy, had spent six years applying for jobs at hundreds of companies and finding nothing but negative mindsets.
Business owners do need to make reasonable accommodations if employees need help balancing their work and their personal or medical needs.
On Thursday night, “The Vampire Diaries” will mark its 100th episode, a milestone not many series get to hit in television. In honor of the episode “500 Years of Solitude”...
ALAMEDA, Calif. — The approach Oakland Raiders general manager Reggie McKenzie takes into the NFL draft is no different with Jon Gruden as coach as it was in previous years with Jack Del Rio and Dennis Allen at the helm.
"The board will still be doing the talking," McKenzie said. "It really will."
Trusting the board paid off handsomely back in 2014 when Oakland ended up with 2016 Defensive Player of the Year Khalil Mack and starting quarterback Derek Carr with its top two picks.
It hasn't worked out as well the past two years when the Raiders haven't added any impact players, with last year's top two picks, cornerback Gareon Conley and safety Obi Melifonwu, barely even getting on the field as rookies because of injuries.
"We're not going to beat up on some of these guys who physically were not able to get out there and play," McKenzie said.
"Hopefully some of these guys from the past drafts, we can get them out there, keep them healthy and see what they can do. Hopefully this is the year. Even the guys we draft this year, we have no idea if they can make it through OTAs or training camp and preseason healthy. You just hope and pray they can be there for us and see what they can do during the season."
After dropping from 12 wins in 2016 to just six a year ago, the Raiders fired coach Jack Del Rio and are looking to rebound under Gruden. The team has made many additions so far this off-season mostly to add depth and role players.
The hope is Oakland can add a potential impact starter with the 10th overall pick and fill other key spots with players who fit Gruden's system with its 10 other selections .
"It's all about coming together and feeling each other out and getting all the information from the coaches," McKenzie said. "Getting the information from the scouts. Then we set the board. Guys, it's not rocket science. It really isn't. It's just trying to get a feel for a new system. New coaches, what they like and what they don't like. That's the process."
Here are some other things to look for in the draft:
All abhor the sleeper car.
A guy who treats an early-morning Metro-North car like their own living room day after day has drawn the disgust of their fellow commuters, who are sick and tired of them taking up four seats and putting their dirty shoes up on the cushions.
“He takes up all four seats with their dirty feet up all over the seats,” said a rider who methodically took photos of the pro sleeper from the same angle every weekday morning for nearly a month.
“One day someone tried to sit where their feet were, and they didn't even move.”
The passengers are also tired of Metro-North conductors not doing anything about the man lounging across so many seats and treating them like their own personal ottoman.
“They always walk right past them and let them sleep like that,” they said.
The rider who took the photos sent them to the MTA.
“I messaged Metro-North several times, and they kept replying, but then I realized they were sending generic responses and no one was going to do anything about it,” said the commuter, who gets on the same car of the 5:36 a.m. from White Plains and encounters the sprawled-out sleeper every time they make the 35-minute commute into Grand Central Station.
“Thank you for bringing this to our attention,” most of the responses read. “The issue has been reported.”
The impolite rider is Steve S., a 41-year-old electrician who claims they have to get comfortable on the train because they have a 90-minute commute that starts at about 4:30 a.m. every day. So they go to bed around 10 p.m., wakes up to start their commute, then catches more zzz's on the train.
“I'm on the train for 90 minutes and I'm bored, so I sleep,” said Steve, who stands about 6 feet tall and was wearing a gray hoodie, jeans and black sneakers as they snuggled into the seat one morning last week. They declined to say where they get on the train.
MTA officials said they couldn't interview every conductor on that route to confirm that none of them had ever told Steve to take their feet off the seat.
“Metro-North asks customers to refrain from putting feet on seats and to be thoughtful of their fellow customers,” said spokesperson Nancy Gamerman.
Others riders on the train say they're fed up with Steve.
“Show a little compassion for people who are tired and getting up at the crack of dawn in the morning,” said Brendon Walsh, a 21-year-old New York University student from Chappaqua.
Lift Bridge Brewing is teaming up with ride share company Lyft to keep people safe this holiday. Discounted rides are available on the Fourth of July in the Twin Cities using the code “LYFTBRIDGE.”
The code is good for 2 rides, up to $5 each from 7/4 at 8 a.m. to 7/5 at 3 a.m.
TORONTO — The Globe and Mail has received the most nominations for the 2017 National Newspaper Awards, with 18 entries on the list of finalists.
The Toronto Star was next with 12 nominations while Montreal's La Presse nabbed eight.
The Edmonton Journal and Winnipeg Free Press each earned three nominations, while The Canadian Press, the London Free Press, the National Post, the New Brunswick Telegraph-Journal, the Ottawa Citizen and the Vancouver Sun/Province received two each.
Seven other organizations received one nomination apiece.
In all, the NNA Awards office announced on Monday 63 nominations in 21 categories, selected from 881 entries for work published in 2017.
The winners will be announced at an awards ceremony in Toronto on May 4. Winners will receive $1,000.
Here are the nominees:
Arts and Entertainment: Eric Andrew-Gee, Globe and Mail, for an attempt to reconstruct the disputed and tangled Indigenous heritage of renowned Canadian author Joseph Boyden; Robert Cribb and Marco Chown Oved, Toronto Star, for exposing the profits earned by ticket resellers manipulating sales for concerts by some of the world's most popular performers; Stephanie Nolen, Globe and Mail, for reporting on how Canadian writer Alberto Manguel was faring as director of Argentina's national library.
Beat Reporting: Sean Fine, justice reporter for the Globe and Mail, for an examination of Canada's judicial system after time limits on criminal proceedings were imposed by the Supreme Court; Marina Strauss, who covers retailing for the Globe and Mail, for a package of stories that included coverage of the demise of Sears Canada and internal strife at Tim Hortons; Caroline Touzin, La Presse, for stories on the health beat, including a report on the dangers posed by sugary, high-alcohol drinks that are popular with young people in Quebec.
Breaking News: Bryan Passifiume, Calgary Herald/Calgary Sun, for coverage of a raging wildfire in Waterton Lakes National Park; Globe and Mail team, for coverage of the killing of six Muslim worshippers at a mosque in the Quebec City suburb of Ste-Foy; La Presse team, for reporting on an attack by a white supremacist on the Centre culturel islamique de Quebec in Ste-Foy that left six worshippers dead.
Business: Robert Cribb and Marco Chown Oved, Toronto Star, for reports revealing that Canada is a tax haven for foreigners looking to hide their money; Nicholas Keung, Sara Mojtehedzadeh, Jennifer Wells, Jim Rankin and Kelsey Wilson, Toronto Star, for a series on the use of temporary migrant workers in Canada's food industry; Grant Robertson and Tom Cardoso, Globe and Mail, for uncovering the fact that at least $1 billion in fines for securities violations have gone unpaid and unenforced by regulators across the country.
Columns: Lawrence Martin, Globe and Mail; Melissa Martin, Winnipeg Free Press; Paula Simons, Edmonton Journal.
Editorial Cartooning: Serge Chapleau, La Presse; Bruce MacKinnon, Halifax Chronicle Herald; Malcolm Mayes, Edmonton Journal.
Editorials: Jackson Doughart, New Brunswick Telegraph-Journal; Tony Keller, Globe and Mail; Christina Spencer, Ottawa Citizen.
Explanatory Work: Kate Allen, Toronto Star, for a story that looked at the effects of climate change not on humans, but on other residents of this planet, from bumblebees to shrubs; Larry Pynn, Vancouver Sun, for exploring the grizzly bear trophy hunt from multiple perspectives including locals, researchers, First Nations, politicians, environmentalists and tourism operators; Jennifer Yang, Toronto Star, for delving into whether an imam who came under attack for anti-Semitic remarks had actually said what they had been accused of saying.
Feature Photo: Mike Deal, Winnipeg Free Press, for a photo of a Canada Summer Games volunteer wearing a ballcap adorned with collectible pins; Ashley Fraser, Ottawa Citizen/Ottawa Sun, for an image of a surfer on a foggy day; Olivier Jean, La Presse, for a photograph of a beehive being fumigated.
International: Isabelle Hachey, La Presse, for a series of stories about the war in Syria; Stephanie Nolen, Globe and Mail, for stories about suicide, political crisis and desperation in South America; Nathan VanderKlippe, Globe and Mail, for stories about torture and corruption in Asia.
Investigations: Robyn Doolittle, Globe and Mail, for “Unfounded,” which revealed how frequently police forces across the country concluded that sexual assault allegations, even in cases with seemingly strong evidence, did not warrant the laying of charges, or even further investigation; Isabelle Hachey, Yvon Laprade, Gabrielle Duchaine and Agnes Gruda, La Presse, for “Le Montreal sans-papiers,” an in-depth look at the precarious and clandestine lives of refugees and their families who try to survive in Montreal, a so-called sanctuary city, without legal status; Sara Mojtehedzadeh and Brendan Kennedy, Toronto Star, for “Undercover in Temp Nation,” an investigation into how immigrant workers and other temporary employees risked life and limb in a Toronto bakery.
Local Reporting: Grant LaFleche, St. Catharines Standard, for a series of stories on the impact of child abuse by a Roman Catholic priest; Randy Richmond, London Free Press, for exposing scandalous conditions and mismanagement at a local detention centre; Amy Smart, Victoria Times Colonist, for a series that delved into barriers that still exist for individuals wanting to take advantage of medical assistance in dying.
Long Feature: Katie Daubs, Toronto Star, for the profile of a man who chronicled Canada's roadside attractions on the internet; Richard Warnica, National Post, for an in-depth profile of Rebel Media founder Ezra Levant that explains why its subject can't seem to stop themselves from going too far; Jesse Winter, Toronto Star, for tracing the heartbreaking story of a man, raped as a child by their uncle, who was failed by family, friends, governments and the justice system.
News Photo: Darryl Dyck, Canadian Press, for an image of a mother clutching their eight-year-old daughter at the charred remains of their remote First Nations home after a forest fire; Ian Willms, Globe and Mail, for a photograph of an asylum seeker from Nigeria fleeing to Canada on a cold, dark night; Larry Wong, Edmonton Journal/Edmonton Sun, for a picture of congregants mourning three members of their church who had been killed when a thief fleeing police crashed into a passing minivan.
Photo Portfolio/Essay: Todd Korol, Globe and Mail, for an essay looking at the life of rodeo cowboys following the suicide of a bull rider; Martin Tremblay, La Presse, for an essay documenting the story of refugees crossing the border shortly after the election of Donald Trump left them feeling threatened down south; Ian Willms, Globe and Mail, for an essay on 22 asylum seekers who crossed into Canada near the town of Emerson, Man.
Politics: David Akin and Chris Selley, National Post, for coverage of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's secret visit to a private island owned by the Aga Khan; Robert Cribb, Marco Chown Oved and Alex Boutilier, Toronto Star, for a series that revealed where politics and the offshore tax-haven industry intersect in Canada; Noor Javed and Kristin Rushowy, Toronto Star, for reports on dysfunction at the York Region Public School Board.
Presentation: Jeremy Agius and Matthew French, Globe and Mail; Patrick Bertrand, Henri Michaud and Benoit Dussault, Le Journal de Montreal; Toronto star team.
Project of the Year: Dan Fumano and Matt Robinson, Vancouver Sun, for an investigation into the case of Phillip Tallio, who still maintained their innocence after 34 years of incarceration for the murder of a child; Jane Sims, Morris Lamont and Brice Hall, London Free Press, for “27 Minutes,” which documented how a woman improbably ended up alive and well after being submerged in ice-cold water for almost half an hour after a car accident; Doug Speirs and Ruth Bonneville, Winnipeg Free Press, for “Class of 2017,” a 13-year journey to document the major and minor milestones of childhood and adolescence for a group of children born in the year 2000.
Short Feature: Marcus Gee, Globe and Mail, for explaining what the death of a small-city newspaper would really mean for that community; Ingrid Peritz, Globe and Mail, for recounting the devastating experience of a man who survived the Quebec mosque shootings; Philippe Teisceira-Lessard, La Presse, for illuminating the lives of a farm couple as they sadly abandoned their life's work.
Sports: Steve Buist, Hamilton Spectator, for “Collision Course,” a series of stories that explored the impact of concussions on retired Canadian football players; Marty Klinkenberg, Globe and Mail, for reporting on the aftermath of the suicide of a young Canadian bull rider; Sunaya Sapurji, the Athletic, for “Grassroots to Gold,” a series comparing how countries other than Canada develop their hockey players.
Sports Photo: Nathan Denette, Canadian Press, for a shadowy image of a tennis star making a shot; Michael Robinson, New Brunswick Telegraph-Journal, for a shot of a basketball player desperately lunging to keep the ball in bounds; Andrew Francis Wallace, Toronto Star, for a photograph of a rugby player with a badly mangled finger.
As newly announced skipper of youth-orientated Volvo Ocean Race Team Turn the tide on plastic, I have rarely been so busy, or so inspired.
They say you should be careful what you wish for but nothing could be further from the truth. I am delighted to have been named skipper of team Turn the Tide on Plastic in the Volvo Ocean Race, but I can barely get my head around the enormity of the challenge that lies ahead.
There are several requirements that the team needs to meet: 60 per cent of the crew will be under 30 years old and half will be women.
Those two aims alone mean our team will have much less round the world or Volvo Ocean Race experience than our competitors. So we are considered the underdogs from the start, but I am OK with that.
The Volvo Ocean Race and, before that, the Whitbread Round the World Yacht Race, has always been a closed shop. Selection came down to who you knew or who you could connect with; many of the sailors were selected race after race as experience was identified as being important. This made it very difficult to get the experience required, thereby making it hard to break the cycle and give new, young sailors a pathway into the race.
The rules have now changed and each team has to select two sailors under the age of 30, which has helped. I am now offering six places for sailors under 30 and making three of those available for young female sailors. There has not been an opportunity like this for young sailors since ABN AMRO 2, and never for young female sailors.
Within hours of the press release going out naming me as the skipper my inbox was full. Lots of congratulations, but also lots of sailing CVs. I have never been so popular with young sailors before! It was refreshing to see such high calibre sailors wanting a chance.
No passengers
I now head into the trial period with excitement but also a certain level of trepidation. I must get the right crew selected quickly and that is tricky. Some basics are obvious, such as strength and power. It is physically demanding to sail these boats competitively and I do not have the time to offer the crew a gym programme for building strength. I need them ready and raring to go.
Sailing ability and experience is next but the overwhelming attribute is attitude. Can the sailor be a team player and work together with others to deliver excellence? Will they go the extra mile? That is what I must discover in just a few days on the water.
Liz Wardley named first crew member of Turn the Tide on Plastic.
Time is my limiting factor. I am late to the party for such a new crew and so I needed someone with experience at the management level to get me up to speed. I was very fortunate to be able to appoint Phil Allen as the team director. They have worked with Ian Walker's last three Volvo Ocean Race campaigns, finishing the last edition victorious. They know what success looks like and I think they are the right person to help get me there.
Racing started at Cowes Week
The race effectively started this summer. All the Volvo Ocean Race teams were at Lendy Cowes Week to take part in the Sevenstar Triple Crown Round the Island Race on Wednesday 2 August. Then we all competed in the Rolex Fastnet Race and from Plymouth we started Leg 0, racing to Lisbon via St Malo (the final leg of which was cancelled due to lack of wind early on 16 August). These were all qualifying miles for the race that starts in October.
As a team, we must complete mandatory training courses and complete any missing qualifications. Medical and dental checks must be carried out and let's not forget we need to learn how to sail the boat effectively as a new crew. Once crew selection is finished, I will have names and sizes for kit to be ordered and the machine can start rolling along in the background, but it all hangs on the choices I make over the next few weeks.
I feel a mixture of excitement, nervousness and panic. I am tired already just trying to keep up with my inbox. To be perfectly honest, I just need to go sailing to regain clarity and perspective and remember why I wanted to be in this position in the first place.
I believe this project was meant for me. Team Turn the Tide on Plastic is a culmination of all the programmes I have been involved in and campaigns I have promoted and talked passionately about. We will raise the profile of an environmental because I believe in, promote diversity in sport and society and it is an opportunity to develop the future stars of sailing.
Dear Moneyologist,
I became ill suddenly and had to retire at 62. When I was divorced at 45 I had nothing. I re-grouped, saved, saved and saved, put two children through college and rose through the ranks at work.
When I retired, I had two years of expenses in an emergency fund (it is still there), zero credit-card debt and have lived very frugally on my small pension and Social Security Insurance since then. When I was making six figures at work, I took out credit cards to get miles, rewards etc. I have quite a few. Because I am not using them, I am getting annual fees (I have about 10).
I want to cancel these accounts because I'm wasting $1,000 a year in credit cards fees, which is sinful to me. However, most people say cancelling the cards will affect my FICO score. My FICO score is 780 and the notes on the credit-card report said high limits on multiple cards is a negative. I want to cancel these cards with the high limits and save the wasted fees.
How will it really affect my FICO?
Linda
Dear Linda,
This is not the time to worry about your credit score. Presumably, you are not taking out a mortgage, and you are in good enough financial shape not to need to take out a loan for a car or any other big ticket item. Even if your credit score did take a slight hit after canceling a rake of cards — which is not a given — you would bump it back to the previous level by keeping your balance low (relative to your maximum overdraft) and paying your bill on time.
That said, closing an account with no balance and no late or missed payments will remain on your credit score for approximately 10 years, according to credit-card comparison site CreditCards.com. This lasts even longer than the seven years of black marks will remain on your credit history but closing the accounts doesn't affect your score. It makes sense to close the newer accounts first, since they have a shorter credit history. Request written confirmation and, obviously, redeem your points first.
Don't miss: My father left their home to their kids — my stepmother sold it for $1 million
One-third of people don't realize that they have more than one credit score. The country's three main credit bureaus — Experian, Equifax and TransUnion — collect the information on which credit scores are frequently based. Some lenders may be unwilling to accept just one credit score, if they suspect that it doesn't represent the full picture. And scores can vary. In 2014, Fair Isaac Corp. (FICO) announced a change in its scoring, putting less focus on medical-related debts.
Also see: My adoptive parents ostracized me because I'm gay — do I have a claim on their estate?
Other good news: As of July 1, Equifax, Experian and TransUnion, started a new policy that will raise about 12 million consumers' credit scores. On that date, the agencies began collecting more specific information about the public records that are included on credit reports, including bankruptcies, civil judgments and tax liens — which means consumers won't be penalized as severely as they previously were for those black marks on their credit histories.
How much credit you use is just as important, if not more so, than the amount of available credit. The Moneyologist Facebook Group also has advice for you, highlighting the fact that you will pay $10,000 in annual credit-card dues over the next 10 years alone. Think what you could do with that money. Call the credit-card company and switch to a no-fee card (or just cancel it). Another member suggests closing one a month. (Or even two a month.) Don't be a slave to your credit score.
You have already proven you are smarter than that.
Do you have questions about inheritance, tipping, weddings, family feuds, friends or any tricky issues relating to manners and money? Send them to MarketWatch's Moneyologist and please include the state where you live (no full names will be used).
Would you like to sign up to an email alert when a new Moneyologist column has been published? If so, click on this link.
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. — Mac Williamson arrived at spring training with revamped swing and spent this Cactus League season putting up wall-rattling numbers for a power-starved club.
When the Giants optioned them to Triple-A anyway, as part of sweeping roster cuts Monday, the outfielder was realistic enough to know that no amount of hits in the Arizona desert could save him.
Williamson's roster chances were doomed because they had minor-league options left and because of their previous struggles in the big leagues.
Mac Williams disappointed, but realistic, after #SFGiants option them to Triple-A pic.twitter.com/QfeplA5FHR — Daniel Brown (@mercbrownie) March 19, 2018
“I haven't really taken advantages of the opportunities I was given in the past,” Williamson said, choosing their words slowly and carefully. “So it was important to come in this spring and prove that I was worthy of another shot down the line.”
With Williamson, Austin Slater and Chris Shaw sent out Monday, the Giants now have seven outfielders remaining in camp: Andrew McCutchen, Hunter Pence, Austin Jackson, Steven Duggar, Gregor Blanco, Jarrett Parker and Gorkys Hernandez.
Of that group, Parker and Hernandez are out of options, meaning the Giants would expose them to the waiver wire if they sent them to the minors.
Duggar, 24, meanwhile, continues to make a sustained case for the starting center field job. They drove in a run and made a sensational running catch against the Cleveland Indians on Monday, racing into right-center field alley to take extra-bases away from Mike Napoli.
Manager Bruce Bochy held back on making any proclamations about Duggar's status after the game, saying only that the rookie would start again Tuesday against the Kansas City Royals.
Bochy credited Williamson, 27, with doing their part this spring. The outfielder entered play Monday hitting .333 with a .349 on-base percentage and a .762 slugging percentage.
But Williamson's career slash line in the majors is .235/.288 /.397 and the Giants want them to continue honing their new swing with regular at-bats in Sacramento.
“It's good to see Mac and the adjustments he'd made. Spring training is not where you base all of your decisions on,” Bochy said. “He did a lot of work to make some changes and they had a really nice spring. But, like I told them … we'd like to get them some ABs to continue that development.”
Williamson's new approach at the plate involves a higher leg kick and a lower starting slot for their hands. Bochy said the reconstruction helps Williamson launch more balls in the air, which makes better use of their power.
“He's a guy who could be out here every day,” Bochy said.
Williamson packed their bags after a 5-4 loss to the Indians. They took a long pause when first asked about their reaction to the news.
“I think this organization has done a good job of putting the right guys on the field and putting guys in the right place to have success,” they said.
— In other roster news, the Giants also optioned infielders Orlando Calixte and Chase d'Arnaud. That bodes well for Kelby Tomlinson, who looks like a lock to make the team as a utility infielder. Tomlinson has the edge over the remaining candidates because of their ability to back up shortstop Brandon Crawford.
— The Giants optioned Trevor Brown to Triple-A, but the catcher impressed Bochy this spring. In Monday's game, Brown threw out three base runners — Greg Allen trying to steal second base, Jodd Carter rounding third and Drew Maggi trying to steal second.
In all, that's three runners over two innings. “His confidence has grown so much,” Bochy said. “This has been a good spring for him.”
Related Articles Giants' roster taking shape as position battles rage on
Mid-spring adjustment proving critical for Pence
Bochy provides updates on Longoria, Melancon after Saturday win
How Williamson's hot spring impacts the Giants' outfield
Spring standouts and a Giants' roster prediction — This is the full list of players optioned to minor league camp: catcher Trevor Brown, infielder Orlando Calixte, infielder Chase d'Arnaud, pitcher Joan Gregorio, catcher, Justin O'Conner, catcher Hector Sanchez, outfielder Chris Shaw, pitcher Andrew Suarez and pitcher José Valdez.
— This is the full list of players optioned to Triple-A Sacramento: pitcher Tyler Beede, pitcher Roberto Gómez, pitcher Derek Law, pitcher Austin Slater and outfielder Mac Williamson.
It's definitely hard to keep up with all the different quick charging technologies. Most flagships use Qualcomm Quick Charge, some (like the Pixels) use USB-PD, and a few others use custom tech like OnePlus Dash Charge. Qualcomm Quick Charge 4 is over a year old at this point, but for one reason or another, most devices have stuck with QC 3.0.
Without further ado, here is the list of all the hardware that uses QC 4/4+:
Razer Phone (4+)
ZTE Nubia Z17 (4+)
BQ Aquaris X2 (4+)
BQ Aquaris X2 Pro (4+)
Smartisan R1 (4+)
HTC U12 Plus (4+)
LG G7 ThinQ (4+)
With the HTC U12 Plus and LG G7 ThinQ, we're finally starting to see some major OEMs make the jump from Quick Charge 3.0.
The Post debates whether a team can justify taking a running back — any running back — with the No. 2 pick in the draft.
Hey, Giants, keep it simple and draft Saquon Barkley.
There's a faction of Giants fans who stand defiantly in the camp that says they should take a potential quarterback of the future, Eli Manning's successor, with the second-overall pick Thursday.
Given the rare elevated position in the draft where the Giants are picking and given the fact that Manning is 37 years old, this is an understandable sentiment.
But to this theory I ask this question of Giants fans: Wouldn't you rather win now?
Giants fans have watched their team produce four losing seasons in the last five years with no playoff appearances since 2011. That's no fun for anyone — least of all the fans who are dutifully paying the PSL freight at MetLife Stadium.
Newly hired Giants general manager Dave Gettleman last week stated their directive perfectly and succinctly when they said: “As the GM, I walk a tightrope. I've got to look at the short term [and] then I've got to look at the long term.”
Notice that they said “short term'' first.
By drafting Barkley, the prolific Penn State running back, Gettleman would accomplish both objectives.
If Gettleman passes on Barkley and takes one of the quarterbacks, they would hurt the short-term success of the team and would be rolling the dice that whomever they select truly will replace Manning.
Every one of the top quarterbacks in this draft has warts significant enough that it's possible none of them becomes a Super Bowl-winning quarterback or even a long-term starter.
USC's Sam Darnold threw 22 interceptions and fumbled 21 times (losing 14 of them) in 27 collegiate games. That's as bright a red flag as you can have entering the NFL, where turnovers decide games more than any other element of the game.
UCLA's Josh Rosen, at 6-4 and just 226 pounds, had durability issues in college, playing six games as a sophomore before a shoulder injury ended their season, and missing two games this past season after suffering two concussions.
Oklahoma's Baker Mayfield is only slightly taller than 6-feet and their brash behavior is cause for concern.
Wyoming's Josh Allen finished their college career with a mere 56 percent completion percentage, and they didn't face the top-level competition in college that the above-mentioned three players did, and in their three games against Power Five teams they threw one touchdown and eight interceptions.
“When you're picking this high, if you make a mistake, if you miss on a quarterback, it's a five-year mistake,” Gettleman said last week.
If you're a Giants fan, do you want a potential five-year mistake or do you want to make a run right now with Barkley headlining an improved cast around Manning, who's already proven they can win based on their two Super Bowl MVP trophies?
It's a no-brainer.
“You have a great running back [and] they immediately makes your quarterback better, your offensive line better and your passing game better,'' Gettleman said.
Barkley rushed for more than 1,000 yards in each of their three seasons at Penn State, finishing with 3,843 rushing yards and 43 touchdowns for their career. He, too, had 102 catches for 1,195 yards and eight touchdowns.
If your draft-a-quarterback argument is based on the theory that you can find a running back anywhere — lower in the draft or on the street — look at what Ezekiel Elliott did for the Cowboys, Leonard Fournette did for the Jaguars and Todd Gurley did for the Rams.
Elliott (1,631 rushing yards and 15 touchdowns) turned the Cowboys (13-3) into instant contenders their rookie year in 2016. Fournette (1,040 yards and nine touchdowns in 13 games) turned the Jaguars from perennial losers (22-74 in the six seasons before their arrival) to division winners who got to the AFC Championship last season. And Gurley (1,305 yards and 13 touchdowns, along with 64 receptions for 788 yards and another six touchdowns last year), helped the Rams to the NFC West title.
Top running backs make a difference. And the Giants haven't had one since Tiki Barber rushed for 1,000 or more yards in five consecutive seasons from 2002-06. The Giants, who ranked 26th in the league in rushing last season, have had one 1,000-yard rusher since 2011 and have made the playoffs once since then.
That's not a coincidence.
So keep it simple Thursday, Giants. Get better instantly, and for the future. Pass on the quarterback candy and draft Barkley.
It was a rough start to the week in Toronto and New York as the markets took some steep losses today. Materials and energy weighed Bay Street down as oil prices fell and investors played it safe ahead of an expected U.S. interest rate increase this week. The Federal Reserve is having a policy meeting tomorrow and Wednesday.
The TSX lost 121 points to close the day at 15,589.
On Wall Street tech stocks paved the way for big losses as Facebook dropped like a stone following news the company leaked profiles for over 50 million members to Cambridge Analytica. The industrial sector was down too as G20 finance ministers are meeting in Buenos Aires. U.S. President Donald Trump's tariffs are expected to be a hot topic there.
The Dow Jones closed the day at 24,610, down 335 points.
The federal government is teaming up with Ontario, Quebec and the private sector for a $400 million investment in linked laboratories for 5G technology. The money is meant to encourage Canadian-made innovations in the field.
At press time oil is down 19 cents to $62.22 U.S. per barrel, gold is up $4.20 to $1316.50 an ounce, and the loonie is up a fifth of a cent to 76.54 cents U.S.
Operational paralysis – failure to align IT with the business strategy -- can lead to a CIO's demise. Sensing that, some IT executives have opted to disrupt the way they run their departments.
To adapt to an increasingly digital world, CIOs are changing the way they run their IT organizations, spurring adoption of agile and DevOps programming and multithreaded operating models and creating software to automate tasks. CIOs are instituting startup-like operating models in which their software engineers experiment with emerging technologies, says Bill Briggs, CTO and managing director of Deloitte Consulting.
"We're in a moment now of [asking], how do you reinvent what it means to deliver technology?" Briggs tells CIO.com. "Technology is at the heart of business strategy and at the heart of next-generation products and services, customer engagement and how work gets done."
CEOs and their corporate boards expect to harness technology to search for new pockets of growth. As a result, CIOs must adopt a broader strategy called "unbounded IT," says Briggs, who described the approach in Deloitte's 8th Tech Trends report, published last week.
Unbounded IT essentially means breaking down the bureaucratic silos between IT and business. Where the business once threw project requirements over the proverbial wall to IT, CIOs now instruct their developers to work closely with business stakeholders to write, test and ship code at a far crisper clip. While this agile practice is paying dividends, some companies are seeking even faster software delivery by turning to DevOps, in which developers and IT tap automation tools to continuously test and deploy code.
Different operating models require change
Unbounded IT, for some companies, means establishing different working groups and models within IT.
Ford Ford Motor CIO Marcy Klevorn.
For example, Ford Motor CIO Marcy Klevorn has turned to bimodal IT, consisting of two primary operating models. The core development team focuses on risk-intensive areas such as design and manufacturing while a separate development squad targets emerging technologies, including its FordPass mobile application and connected and self-driving cars -- areas for which there is a greater appetite for risk. "We encouraged them to take risks, fail in the process and move on quickly to the next idea," Klevorn told Deloitte.
The team, which has embraced an agile development methodology, meets with senior leaders daily to work through problems. Ford's entire IT department, including teams for both core and emerging development, also meet weekly for four hours to brainstorm and discuss challenges. Klevorn says the increased communications and transparency has accelerated the department's transformation.
For many CIOs operating in the digital era, the need to meet customer demands is paramount. But many CIOs also realize that before their organizations can serve customers they must empower employees with premium tools. Borrowing a page from Apple's Genius Bar playbook, Salesforce.com CIO Ross Meyercord instituted Tech Force teams in the SaaS software vendor's break rooms. Employees needing technical help can approach the Tech Force staffers to troubleshoot computer, phone or other issues. They get face-to-face with IT staff, rather than filing impersonal help-desk tickets from their desks.
Salesforce.com Salesforce.com CIO Ross Meyercord.
Meyercord also created a self-service search tool, called Concierge, to field thousands of questions a day from employees about human resources, payroll, Salesforce.com facilities and other services. "As a result, IT case deflection has increased 24 percent and overall cost of service has decreased," wrote Meyercord in a brief published in the Deloitte report.
Robots that watch and learn
While automation is causing some consternation among economists, CIOs are leveraging artificial intelligence to gain operational efficiencies. In 2015, Mike Brady, CTO for American International Group, deployed “virtual engineers,” codenamed ARIES, to help resolve network incidents. Leveraging machine learning, the co-bots operated alongside humans for 90 days, assessing outages, and determining probable causes and responses. Within six months of deployment, ARIES resolved more than 60 percent of outages.
The results forced AIG leaders to consider using co-bots to augment business operations, Brady said. “We want business to use machine learning instead of requesting more resources,” Brady says.
American International Group Mike Brady, CTO for American International Group.
Unbounded IT and startup culture extend to healthcare organizations such as St. Luke's Healthcare Systems, which includes 10 hospitals in Kansas City, Mo. In true bimodal fashion, CIO Debe Gash is splitting their IT projects into two categories: run-the-business efforts and transformational activities.
The former includes maintaining the organization's billing and other operational systems while the latter includes activities such as upgrading the company's electronic health record system and creating a mobile platform that allows patients to manage their medical appointments, order food within the hospital and engage in remote "telehealth" consultations with physicians. The idea, Gash says, is to treat the patient more like a customer whom the healthcare system is trying to surprise and delight.
"It has really pushed us to focus on the services that IT offers and delivering those as efficiently as we can and then focus on driving value on the investments the organization is making," Gash tells CIO.com. "We think the value will come through the transformation work that we are doing."
Unbounded IT also means great changes to technology and vendor sourcing, says Briggs. Where CIOs once primarily purchased packaged software many have become "cloud brokers," picking new collaboration, security and other applications to rent from vendors. This is forcing CIOs to become much more selective about their sourcing strategies to make sure that the various SaaS apps can communicate with each other.
“It's not about chasing every shiny new object; it's about translating the raw potential of emerging technology into a focused set of priorities with measurable, tangible business impact," Briggs says.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Hiker sues after state tells their scary creature was a bear Claudia Ackley believes in Bigfoot. It's led to ridicule and harassment and anxiety, but they still believe. They know that some people think she's crazy, but they still believe. It...
Police Facebook posts about 'Bigfoot sighting' goes viral State troopers in Nebraska are generating plenty of online buzz thanks to a funny Facebook post about a “Bigfoot sighting.” “Last night at about 10:15, somebody reported seeing BIGFOOT on...
Bigfoot allegedly spotted in Northern California The legendary Bigfoot and other creatures like it have reportedly been spotted near a Northern California lake, according to a paranormal investigator. Jeffrey Gonzalez, a self-described paranormal expert, said he...
Woman creates 'woodsy'-smelling spray to attract Bigfoot Bigfoot — the big, hairy, human-like beast which has eluded capture and real observation for decades now — is out there and all you need, if you want to catch...
Bigfoot gets their own festival in New Mexico village JEMEZ SPRINGS, NM — A New Mexico village is holding a festival in connection with a legend that Bigfoot is roaming around the state's Jemez Mountains. The Los Alamos Monitor...
'I don't want any trouble': How I was mistaken for Bigfoot A plumber from Minneapolis — who claims they have seen Bigfoot — was wearing a homemade suit of raccoon pelts in the woods of North Carolina when a group of...
Cops warn civilians not to shoot Bigfoot after sighting Sasquatch comes in peace! Cops in South Carolina have issued a cheeky warning to residents following reports of a recent Bigfoot sighting. “If you see Bigfoot, please do not shoot...
Driver claims they crashed after seeing Bigfoot in rearview mirror MOSCOW, Idaho — A northern Idaho woman told police they crashed into a deer because they were distracted by a sasquatch in their rearview mirror. The Moscow-Pullman Daily News reports...
University blew taxpayer dollars on search for Bigfoot A top University of New Mexico official is in the hot seat after they spent taxpayer money to fund a Bigfoot event. Executive Director Dr. Christopher Dyer organized a two-day event on...
LIMERICK City and County Council has moved to assure residents in Rathkeale that the demolition of the old mart in the town is all being carried out according to regulation and with the appropriate planning permission.
Many locals had voiced concern about the proper handling of asbestos in the old structure.
“Demolition works are currently taking place on the old mart in Rathkeale. They are being carried out following the granting of planning permission 17/179 ‘to take down and remove existing steel portal frame buildings from the site including appropriate treatment and disposal of asbestos sheeting by a licensed contractor and all associated site development works',” said a council spokesperson.
“A specialist environmental consultant has been appointed to supervise the project. They are working in compliance with planning conditions and a waste management plan was submitted in advance of works commencing. Furthermore, a specialist asbestos removal contractor has been appointed,” continued the spokesperson.
It was also confirmed that a site inspection by the council was also undertaken this Tuesday, and “everything on site was in order”. The council has pledged to monitor the works.
At Tuesday's Adare Rathkeale municipal meeting, Cllr Adam Teskey asked that the council send inspectors onto the site regularly, even suggesting that one visit “daily”.
Stephen Paddock was a multi-millionnaire who used to work for various employers all seemingly related to the government. That explains a lot, see why.
Paddock's brother said that they were a wealthy retiree, which makes sense when looking into their work history. The Office of Personnel Management verified that Paddock worked for the federal government from 1975-1985, about 10 years. Paddock also worked for the Postal Service in the mid-1970s as a letter carrier. From 1978-1984, they worked as an agent for the Internal Revenue Service. Paddock then had a job as auditor for defense contracts until 1985. Then, in the 1980s they were part of the company that eventually became the aerospace contractor, Lockheed Martin.
The NY Times recounts Paddock's behavior leading up to the mass shooting:
One story claims that Stephen Paddock had been planning this attack for 20 years. After looking back at their work history, it sounds like they might have been upset with the government.
The real question remains . . . why didn't Paddock attack during Obama's presidency? Obama's presidency did have a great deal of mass shootings. Are they to blame? According to The Black Sphere:
President Donald Trump is unfortunately just receiving the brunt end of Obama's mess.
Do you think this was all made up by the left?
Last night The Pokémon Company held a press conference that announced a couple of new Pokémon games. Much of it had very little to do with Android short of a Poké Ball Plus accessory for Pokémon Go and an ambiguous release date for Pokémon Quest on mobile. Sure, the game is available right now on the Nintendo Switch, but all of us Android users will have to wait until late June to get out hands on it. For the most part it looks like a very accessible free-to-play voxel game that includes an auto-battle system and a bunch of Pokémon collecting.
From the little that I have played on the Nintendo Switch it is clear that Pokémon Quest was designed as a mobile game, which is probably why it's offered for free on the Nintendo Game Store. The entire UI has been designed around touch controls, with large buttons all over the place just asking to be tapped by the player.
The gameplay is a little different than what you would expect out of a traditional Pokémon game, though it still works well for what it is. You start out by landing on Tumblecube Island, and one of your first tasks is to pick a new Pokémon. As your chosen Pokémon navigates this Island it will auto-battle random Pokémon it happens across. You will also have a few special moves at your disposal that you can call upon to hit your enemy with a more powerful move. So if you have played any of the numerous auto-brawling games on the Play Store, you should have a good idea how this works. Your end goal is to find all of the precious loot that lies hidden on the island as you progress on your quest.
Of course, this wouldn't exist as a casual free-to-play release if you couldn't also expect a few crafting aspects and some type of base building. These mechanics should appeal to the younger Minecraft crowd, and points to the main reason why this title exudes a clear voxel design.
Now since the Android release has yet to land, I'm unsure what type of monetization Pokémon Quest will use when we finally receive our version. If the Switch release is anything to go by, then we should be able to expect three downloadable content packs that range in price from $4.99-$17.99. All three of these packs contain a few qualities of life improvements that make the FTP gameplay more palatable, along with a couple of special moves for a few select Pokémon. So if this is the type of pricing we can expect, then it would seem it is actually pretty fair, if a little overpriced.
Nintendo Switch owners have been able to get in on the fun since last night, but sadly we will have to wait until the end of June to get our grubby hands on this game. I would say Pokémon Quest is clearly marketed towards the younger players out there who love crafting, base-building, and the collection aspects of Pokémon. If you are looking for a deep RPG experience, this isn't it, but what Pokémon Quest does offer should be able to appeal to the majority of casual Pokémon fans out there as well as hardcore players thanks to its addictive gameplay and cute graphics. While I can't say any of this is my cup of tea, I can surely see its appeal.
1:17
White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
4:30
They have a new face, one that had belonged to another man
7:23
Lamar Odom shares first photo since entering rehab, hangs out with family
Lamar Odom made an appearance on social media for the first time in several months over the weekend, and the former NBA star looks like they are doing well.
Odom shared a photo on Instagram on New Year's Eve that showed them posing with their two children, Lamar Odom Jr. and Destiny.
No better way to end 2016 than with my two favorite people #TheOdoms #RichSoil A photo posted by Lamar Odom (@lamarodom) on Dec 30, 2016 at 10:14pm PST
“No better way to end 2016 than with my two favorite people #TheOdoms #RichSoil,” Odom captioned the photo.
Odom's Instagram post was also their first since they checked themselves back into rehab. The 37-year-old is scheduled to complete their program at some point this month. In a recent teaser from an interview that will air after they leaf rehab, Odom opened up about the drug overdose that nearly cost them their life. You can see the clip from the interview here.
Because of their drug and alcohol abuse, Odom has had some issues with their family relationships in the past. It's good to see them spending time with their kids.
Many payday lenders could go out of business if rules made final this week by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau go into effect. But the changes face stiff headwinds from Republicans in Congress.
One new rule would require payday and auto title lenders to determine whether a borrower can afford to repay in full within 30 days. That could thwart a business model that consumer advocates say relies on the rollover of unpaid loans with the accumulation of exorbitant fees and interest rates of 300 percent or more.
The proposed regulations also would limit the number of times a lender can debit a borrower's account without being reauthorized to do so. As The Associated Press writes, "This is because many payday loan borrowers end up over-drafting their bank accounts, which in turn incurs fees" or forces them to close their accounts.
"Too often, borrowers who need quick cash end up trapped in loans they can't afford," CFPB Director Richard Cordray said in a statement. "The rule's common-sense ability-to-repay protections prevent lenders from succeeding by setting up borrowers to fail."
Investopedia writes:
"Payday lenders offer short-term cash loans in exchange for a postdated check, usually dated for your next payday. The amount of the check includes the loan total and a finance charge. For example, you write a check for, say, $115 to receive a $100 loan. Given a two-week loan term, which is fairly standard, the $15 finance charge works out to an APR of nearly 400%, and this assumes you pay back the loan on time."
But a 2014 study by the CFPB found that the vast majority of payday loans are not paid back on time: More than 80 percent are rolled over or followed by another loan within two weeks. The study found that 15 percent of new loans "are followed by a loan sequence at least 10 loans long."
"Payday and car title lenders profit from repeatedly dragging hard-pressed people deeper and deeper into debt, and taking advantage of families when they are financially vulnerable," said Lisa Donner with Americans for Financial Reform. "Curbing the ability to push loans that borrowers clearly cannot repay is a key protection."
However, the Financial Services Association of America, a trade group that represents the $39 billion industry, says the rule would devastate an industry that serves 30 million to 40 million customers a year.
"Taking away their access to this line of credit means many more Americans will be left with no choice but to turn to the unregulated loan industry, overseas and elsewhere, while others will simply bounce checks and suffer under the burden of greater debt," says Ed D'Alessio, the group's executive director.
The CFPB estimates that loan volume for the industry could be cut in half and that many of the 16,000 payday lender stores in 35 states will be forced out of business. Fifteen states have effectively banned such lenders.
Along with finalizing the proposed CFPB rule, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency on Thursday lifted restrictions that kept banks from making small-dollar loans, Reuters reports.
The payday rule would not go into effect until 2019 and still could be rolled back by Congress.
The CFPB, created under the Obama-era Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, has been in the cross-hairs of the Trump administration and Republicans lawmakers who say it saddles businesses with excessive red tape.
In February, Sen. Mike Rounds, R-S.D., introduced a bill to cut funding to the CFPB. In June, House Republicans voted overwhelmingly in favor of a bill pushed by Texas GOP Rep. Jeb Hensarling to weaken the bureau and roll back the Dodd-Frank act.
According to an opinion poll published in April by the Pew Charitable Trusts, 70 percent of 1,205 American adults surveyed want more regulation of payday lenders.
Wakefield coach Chris Chester returned to the club who sacked them almost two years ago to the day and spoiled their Super League party – before promising their side can get even better.
Winger Tom Johnstone scored a hat-trick as Wakefield began the new season with victory, beating Hull Kingston Rovers 28-6 on the Robins' first night back in Super League.
“We spoke all week about how vocal these fans are, and we wanted to silence them tonight: we did that in the first 40 minutes,” they said. “They got a bit vocal after their try but there were some big lessons for there tonight, and we'll be better for the run. We'll all improve after the game.”
Chester, who coached the Robins to a Challenge Cup final in 2015 before losing their job at the start of the following season, however, was quick to play down any talk of them enjoying the result any more than usual.
Chester also insisted it was not about them as their Trinity side began 2018 with an impressive win. They said: “It's not about me. There's a lot of good people here, and we've all moved on. This was about the performance, I'm with Wakefield Trinity and it's always nice to win, irrespective of whether I was here before or not. ”
Chester also praised Johnstone for their try-scoring exploits – but admitted they had almost decided to leave them out in the days leading up to the game.
They revealed: “Up until Wednesday they aren't in my starting 17 – I decided I'd go with Mason as I thought he'd trained well in Lanzarote and the weather report told us it would be wet and raining, so it was a tough call but we decided to go with Tom. The decision paid off in the end. He's a special talent.
Concerns have been raised by staff at King's Mill hospital about nepotism.
In a staff survey undertaken by the hospital, a handful of people voiced their concerns that the NHS trust that is responsible for staffing at King's Mill may give better opportunities to people based on the fact that they already have a member of their family working there.
Listing the key actions from the survey, head of HR Julie Bacon told hospital directors during their monthly meeting that one such isses was nepotism “for which considerations are being made as to how this can best be resolved.”
A spokesperson for King's Mill said the concerns by hospital staff were a small part of the survey's results, which were mostly positive and included some of the best scores in the country for job satisfaction.
However, the hospital did acknowledge it was vitally important that it used negative answers from the questionnaire to improve.
The spokesperson said: “Our board of directors is one of the forums for discussing the areas for improvement suggested by the staff survey.
“Although small in number, there were some comments that raised concerns of favouritism in the most recent survey, and we are taking these seriously.
“As a large local employer, we often employ several members of the same family and have decided to strengthen and re-publicise our policy concerning this.”
One of the steps taken to address the favoritism issue is more inclusive team working.
Mrs Bacon said: “Some high-performing teams have such a strong team culture that they aren't as inclusive to new people or other teams that need to work with them.
“Consideration is also being made as to how best to support teams to be more inclusive.”
The report also laid plans for staff who were concerned about the trust's sickness policy in the survey, to prevent staff from feeling under pressure to come into work when they are sick.
The trust's sickness policy is now being reviewed.
The information comes from the same report that revealed that about a third of Sherwood Forest NHS staff have witnessed potentially harmful errors.
The trust said that the figure of 32 percent in 2017 was in line with the national average for actute trusts, which is 31 percent.
However, the results of the staff survey also show that the trust is one of the best in the country when it comes to staff believing that their role makes a difference to patients, and was the fourth-best acute trust for staff satisfaction.
President Donald Trump on Monday authorized members of their administration to determine whether to investigate if China has been stealing American intellectual property.
“As president, it's my duty and responsibility to protect the American workers' technology and industry from unfair and abusive actions,” Trump said while signing the executive action at the White House. “We will stand up to any country that unlawfully forces America companies to transfer their valuable technology as a condition of market access.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Signs Memo to Probe China's Trade Practices 1:17 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Throughout their campaign, Trump talked critically about the U.S. trading partnership with China. But the relationship between the two countries is particularly delicate right now as Washington continues to call on China to do more to thwart the nuclear threat from North Korea.
Senior administration officials denied that the move had anything to do with U.S. attempts to persuade China to do more about North Korea.
"They are unrelated. Trade is trade. National security is national security," a White House official told reporters on Saturday.
The order directs U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to consider whether an investigation into China's intellectual property policies is warranted. A recently updated report from the Commission on the Theft of American Intellectual Property found China to be world's worst intellectual property infringer.
The White House said the process could take up to a year and would not say speculate about whether the U.S. would take a retaliatory action.
Some of Trump's opponents on Capitol Hill called the announcement a good first step. But others, like Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, said announcing a possible investigation is simply stalling the process.
“President Trump's pattern continues: Tough talk on China, but weaker action than anyone could ever imagine,” they said in a statement.
“While today's announcement could eventually lead to aggressive action against China, I am concerned it will lead to only another investigation and report,” Rep. Bill Pascrell, a New Jersey Democrat and ranking member on the House subcommittee on trade, said in a statement.
UG students bemoan increase to administrative fees
Although they have grown accustomed to a 35 percent hike in tuition fees that was implemented last year, students of the University of Guyana [UG] are up in arms again over further increases recently instituted by the institution's administration.
On Thursday, students were notified by way of email disseminated by the university that from March 1, 2018, there will be an increase to Administrative Fees.
With increases ranging from 20 to 100 percent, students now have to pay increases for 28 different Administrative Fees.
According to a representative of University of Guyana Students' Society [UGSS], the increase was approved by the then-President of the Student Body, Ron Glasgow, (under the previous Council) on June 1, 2017, at a meeting of the Finance and General Purposes Committee.
Some services that did not require fees previously such as Re-sit Examinations, Examination Applications and Reviews for Thesis Research, and Student letters, among others, now attract fees of $6,000, $15,000, $10,000 and $5,000 respectively.
Fees that have been raised include transcripts, leave of absence, late registration and affiliation, among others. According to the UG's Office of the Registrar, the UGSS was involved in the decision-making process.
The UGSS representative further stated that the current reps for UGSS were only made aware of the intention to raise fees on January 8, last, and thus the decision taken by the Administration is viewed as “disrespectful”.
The rep noted that the current UGSS had fully disapproved of the raise of administrative fees at a meeting on January 25, and thus they are disappointed in the decision taken to go ahead with the increase. The meeting on that occasion included Professor Ivelaw Griffith, Vice Chancellor; Dr. Nigel Gravesande, Registrar; Ms. Holda Poonai, Bursar; Norwell Hinds, President UGSS; Kobe Smith, Secretary UGSS and Shaquille Bourne, Assistant Secretary UGSS.
The representative also stated that the act to raise the fees is “unconstitutional” and violates Article 12 of the Statutes of the University of Guyana. Article 12 states that such decisions cannot be made unilaterally by the Chancellor, Vice-Chancellor, the UG Cabinet nor the Registrar, who is also Secretary to the Council.
UGSS has made a commitment to students to keep them engaged on the issue as they plan to take “legal action”. In trying to fight against the implementation, a few students took it upon themselves to protest against the raise in Administrative Fees at the UG's Turkeyen Campus yesterday.
They noted that the raise in fees will be a strain on students attending the University. One student stated that while the University is increasing its fees, it is not making an effort to increase the quality of its services and the buildings on campus, and this is where the problem lies. Although the protest action saw a poor turnout, there has been assurance that it will be continued until moves are made to appease students' concerns.
It's Friday 13th, the most cursed day in the calendar.
But where did we get the idea that it's a date when terrible things happen?
Friday the 13th is surely just a myth, right? Let's take a look at the evidence.
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
These gorgeous Caribbean islands dodged 2017's hurricanes This fall, the Caribbean weathered a series of hurricanes that left some areas in shambles. But thanks to locals' resilient spirit and various forms of international assistance, most islands are...
Alpha dogs: These 3 Caribbean islands score straight A's It's a slick trick that rose to fame back in classical antiquity (or whenever it is been people used phone books): Tack on an “A” to the beginning of your company's...
It's never been cheaper to fly to the Caribbean It has never been as cheap, adjusted for inflation or otherwise, to fly to the Caribbean. But thanks to Southwest Airlines and JetBlue adding new routes, fares are unlike anything...
A trio of Antiguan resorts where the only rule is relaxation There are said to be 365 beaches in Antigua — one for every day of the year. But if you're spending just a week at this exquisite Caribbean isle (and...
Here are 57 places you've been mispronouncing It's bad enough looking like a tourist, but even worse when you open your mouth and totally butcher the name of the place. And we're not just talking trip-up-your-tongue foreign...
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- First responders are bracing for more than just darkness during the solar eclipse Aug. 21. There are questions about how well wireless services will work as hundreds of thousands are expected to descend on St. Joseph, Kansas City and surrounding areas.
No, the sun being blocked by the moon won't crash connections, but numerous people in the same general area calling and posting at the same time certainly could.
“If you go to a rural area where you already have spotty or limited cell service you probably are not going to get any cell service because of the overload of the network because of people trying to livestream or share the event on social media,” tech expert Burton Kelso said.
Sprint has added more capacity to cell towers in St. Joseph, but right now their mobile cell towers are all heading to Oregon and Idaho. A spokesperson said they are continuing to evaluate other areas where mobile cell towers could enhance customer experiences.
If networks overload there could be bigger problems than failed uploads.
“If you can't get a signal on your cell phone you aren't placing any kind of call whether it's a 911 call or a call to your spouse,” Hassan Al-Rubaie, MARC public safety communications technician, said.
Travelers could be left without GPS, and if you don't have it, 911 dispatchers may not have those location services either, even if you do get through
“Any time you call 911 the first question they are going to ask you is what's your location? So it's important you be aware of your surroundings where you are, how you got there, how you can get out, all those things. There are mechanisms in place, but technology doesn't always work,” Al-Rubaie said.
Markers on select trails with specific 911 information can help you give your exact location to dispatchers. Texting also requires fewer data than calling and it's available at the 33 911 dispatch centers in the nine-county area surrounding Kansas City.
Al-Rubaie said police and sheriff's offfices in the area are increasing dispatcher staffing by 33 percent that day, expecting plenty of calls.
Cell carriers asking customers to disable automatic app updates that day to help reduce data usage.
You are also reminded to bring your charger or battery backup. That way passengers with service can surf through all the eclipse photos, while inevitably sitting in traffic on the way home.
For the Miami Hurricanes, 7 is an unlucky number.
But 8 would be worse.
As 13th-ranked Miami prepared this week to meet Florida State in one of the most passionate rivalries in college football, coach Mark Richt professed that the Hurricanes aren't bothered by what is known to both programs as “the streak'' – seven consecutive FSU victories dating to 2010.
“We don't have a kid that's been here seven years,'' Richt said, “so they're definitely not worried about that streak.”
Richt must have forgotten to ask quarterback Malik Rosier, or tackle Kc McDermott, or defensive end Joe Jackson, or linebacker Shaquille Quarterman, or…
“It's inexcusable, honestly,'' senior receiver Braxton Berrios said. “Seven straight.
“It's a great rivalry. Everybody knows that. We say it's the best rivalry in football. Ohio State and Michigan say it's the second best. So take it as you wish, but it's inexcusable to have lost to them seven straight times.
“In one word: “Inexcusable.''
The Hurricanes, who lead the series 31-30, will try to preserve that edge at 3:30 p.m. Saturday at Doak Campbell Stadium in Tallahassee, site of UM's last victory against the Seminoles in 2009.
With Tropical Storm/Hurricane Nate forecast to make landfall west of the Florida panhandle early Sunday morning, Tallahassee has an 80-percent chance of rain during the game.
The Canes (3-0, 1-0 Atlantic Coast Conference), who have yet to play in the ACC Championship since joining the league in 2004, are intent on winning their Coastal Division and getting to a major bowl. But a loss to the unranked, struggling Seminoles (1-2, 1-1) would be a setback.
When the season began, FSU was ranked third and the Hurricanes, 18th. Now, Miami is a three-point favorite and a victory would signal a clear sign that the Hurricanes, who have lost by five points or fewer the last three years, have finally caught up to their rivals.
FSU's season changed against top-ranked Alabama on opening night, when star quarterback Deondre Francois sustained a season-ending knee injury. Enter true first-year student James Blackman, listed as 6-4 and 164 pounds (with their helmet, pads and a sub sandwich in each hand).
After losing their first career start at home to North Carolina State, the strong-armed Blackman rallied FSU to a victory at previously undefeated Wake Forest with a last-minute, 40-yard touchdown to Auden Tate.
Richt, who won two national titles when they were an assistant under Bobby Bowden at Florida State, insists FSU – including its signal caller – is still dangerous.
“There's nothing changed about anything,'' Richt told WQAM this week, “other than they're breaking in a young quarterback who's getting better every snap. Even the way they finished the game, throwing that TD pass when they needed it the most, had to be great for their confidence – and everybody else's confidence in him.''
UM's swarming defense is salivating after watching FSU's ailing offensive line surrender five sacks and 17 tackles for loss against the Demon Deacons.
The Hurricanes rank second in the nation in tackles for loss, and 10th in sacks.
“We don't underestimate any opponent,' said UM defensive end Joe Jackson, adding that UM's “mentality'' is “to kick their behind.''
The concern for Miami heading into Saturday is running back Mark Walton's ankle and receiver Ahmmon Rihards' hamstring.
Walton, ranked second nationally with 9.16 yards per carry and fifth with 134.3 yards a game, reinjured their left ankle late at Duke. Miami said they practiced all week.
Richards, a first-year student All-American who missed most fall camp and the first two games with a severe hamstring pull, had three catches for 106 yards and a 49-yard touchdown in their season debut last week. Although they said they were OK, despite being “knocked off balance'' and seemingly off kilter for an instant during their touchdown run, Richards' hamstring rehab will continue throughout the season.
“I hurt a little bit toward the end, but I'm fine,'' they said. “When you score a touchdown it makes everything feel better.''
Left tackle Kc McDermott knows what really would make everything feel better.
“It would be unbelievable,'' McDermott said, when asked what it would mean for the seniors to break the streak Saturday. “It's been almost eight years since we last beat them. Especially for me, it means something because my brother was here for five years and didn't win.
“As coach said, in rivalry games there's always a streak and it's always hard to get that streak turned around. But as long as you do what you're supposed to, go out there with a physical nature, you should be able to turn the tide around.
“And that's what we plan on doing.”
By DINA ARÉVALO
Port Isabel-South Padre Press
editor@portisabelsouthpadre.com
County Judge Eddie Treviño, Jr. shared a positive outlook for Cameron County during a luncheon hosted by the South Padre Island Chamber of Commerce Tuesday.
Treviño, an attorney and former mayor of the City of Brownsville, was sworn in as county judge on Nov. 23, 2016, the day before Thanksgiving. Within half an hour of taking the oath of office, they were already hard at work.
They explained how mere moments after the swearing in, a County official approached them with a sense of urgency to tell them there was a matter that needed their immediate attention. It turned out that health officials had just confirmed the first locally acquired case of Zika virus. As the newly minted leader of the County, it was up to Treviño to guide the County health department in how to approach the issue.
“We spent the entire weekend communicating with the State” and health officials, Treviño explained.
Want the whole story? Pick up a copy of the Port Isabel-South Padre Press, or subscribe to our E-Edition by clicking here.
Priscilla “Cilla” Kimberly, 64, died Sunday, June 24, in Burlington, Vermont.
Born and raised in the Oshkosh, Wisconsin, Cilla attended the University of Wisconsin – Madison, graduating with a bachelor of science degree in zoology.
They moved to Essex Junction, Vermont, in 1978, first working for the Green Mountain Club maintaining trails on Camel's Hump, and after a few months they took a position with the University of Vermont Cancer Center. They retired in 2009.
Cilla's volunteer efforts centered around connecting neighborhoods with bike paths, including the Essex Junction Bike Path, and building backcountry ski trails, including the Woodard Mountain Trail.
They enjoyed skiing, kayaking, biking the back roads of Vermont, bicycle touring Europe, hiking in New Zealand and throughout the United States, and gardening. In retirement, Cilla renewed their love for drawing and displayed their art in several Vermont venues.
Cilla's enthusiasm for life was evident to all who met them They will be greatly missed by many.
 They are survived by their husband, Jerry Lasky; six brothers and sisters throughout the United States; in-laws in California and New York; and numerous nieces and nephews.
A celebration of their life will be private.
Memorial donations in memory of Priscilla J. Kimberly can be made to Vermont Land Trust, 8 Bailey Ave., Montpelier, VT 05602, or on-line.
Arrangements are in the care of the Cremation Society of Chittenden County.
Philadelphia rapper Meek Mill was released from prison on Tuesday after serving five months due to a parole violation. Their first Instagram post after their release was to cheer on the Sixers.
Now, he'll get to do so in person.
Sixers co-owner Michael Rubin was determined to get Meek Mill to Tuesday's Game 5 at Wells Fargo Center. They used a helicopter to make it happen.
Video surfaced of Meek Mill leaving the State Correctional Institution in Chester, Pa., and boarding a helicopter less than two hours before tipoff.
They came and got Meek Mill in a helicopter 💯💪🏽#MeekFree pic.twitter.com/URKbgTkAjQ — 💸 (@SMWWMANDO) April 24, 2018
Meek Mill is now out of prison. They left out in this helicopter: pic.twitter.com/yLpJVDjpYK — Phillip Jackson (@phillej_) April 24, 2018
Meek Mill is home. pic.twitter.com/IaRWX7Exxf — Karen Civil (@KarenCivil) April 24, 2018
Rubin was there alongside Meek Mill.
He's expected to arrive — it's 12 miles from the prison to the arena — in time to ring the ceremonial bell.
Meek Mill is expected to arrive to Game 5 in time to ring 76ers' ceremonial bell before game. Potential closeout game for Philadelphia. https://t.co/95qnlisaoK — Shams Charania (@ShamsCharania) April 24, 2018
They made it with plenty of time to spare.
Image copyright Getty Images
Women don't fit in, don't want the hassle, and struggle with "complex issues".
Those are just some of the reasons given for not appointing women to FTSE company boards, according to a report on gender balance.
The government-backed Hampton-Alexander Review called it shocking, while a minister branded the excuses "pitiful".
The government wants to ensure that at least a third of FTSE 350 company board members are women by 2020.
While the review's interim report found that things are definitely improving, some companies seem to be dragging their feet and paying only lip service to diversity.
The top 10 excuses for not appointing women were:
"I don't think women fit comfortably into the board environment"
"There aren't that many women with the right credentials and depth of experience to sit on the board - the issues covered are extremely complex"
"Most women don't want the hassle or pressure of sitting on a board"
"Shareholders just aren't interested in the make-up of the board, so why should we be?"
"My other board colleagues wouldn't want to appoint a woman on our board"
"All the 'good' women have already been snapped up"
"We have one woman already on the board, so we are done - it is someone else's turn"
"There aren't any vacancies at the moment - if there were I would think about appointing a woman"
"We need to build the pipeline from the bottom - there just aren't enough senior women in this sector"
"I can't just appoint a woman because I want to"
The explanations come from a range of FTSE 350 chairs and chief executives which were heard by the team conducting the review.
Amanda Mackenzie, chief executive of Business in the Community, said: "As you read this list of excuses you might think it's 1918 not 2018.
"It reads like a script from a comedy parody but it's true. Surely we can now tackle this once and for all."
'Blocking progress'
The number of all-male FTSE 350 company boards fell from 152 in 2011 to 10 in 2017.
However, Sir Philip Hampton, the senior City figure who is leading the review, said companies were still a long way off from meeting the 2020 target.
"We used to hear these excuses regularly a few years ago, thankfully much less so now.
"However, leaders expressing warm words of support but actually doing very little to appoint women into top jobs - or quietly blocking progress - are really not much better."
And Business Minister Andrew Griffiths said such "appalling" excuses proved companies have more work to do.
"It's shocking that some businesses think these pitiful and patronising excuses are acceptable reasons to keep women from the top jobs.
"Our most successful companies are those that champion diversity."
The review is due to publish its latest figures on the number of women on FTSE 350 boards on 27 June.
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
4:45 Cop Shop Podcast: Man smacked with ashtray in spat over soup
2:12 Eastman's tribute to Officer Tim Smith
1:17 Americus police shooting victims were 'very close friends'
3:42 Impaired driver caught on Sarasota sheriff helicopter camera
1:10 Breast cancer patient says TSA 'humiliated' them at security checkpoint
0:55 Tennessee resident who fled wildfire: "It was like a picture of H-E-L-L."
Netflix
The new Netflix series Altered Carbon is already making a big splash in a world of viewers who are absolutely in love with Black Mirror and all things sci-fi and futuristic. This is a beautifully shot series with an intriguing plot. But will we get a second season? It's certainly very possible. Read on to find out why. This article will have minor spoilers for Season 1.
1. The Book ‘Altered Carbon' Is Part of a Trilogy
Netflix
Altered Carbon is based on the book “Altered Carbon” by Richard K. Morgan, published in 2002. Luckily for us, Morgan didn't stop the series with Altered Carbon. They continued the series with Broken Angels and then Woken Furies. So there's certainly a lot of material left for more seasons. The second book was published in 2003 and the third book was published in 2005. The books take place in completely different universes, which would allow for some pretty major changes from season to season.
However, we can't assume that the series will run exactly like the books. Season 1 is already deviating by introducing at least one character in the season who doesn't appear until the third book.
2. At Least One Person Has Indicated They're a Writer for Season 2 of ‘Altered Carbon'
Netflix
Unfortunately, Netflix hasn't said anything official yet about whether there will be a second season. Joel Kinnaman told NME that that Netflix's policy is to never discuss a second season until they've released the first season. But now that the first season is released, Netflix will hopefully be saying something very soon. It's pretty rare for Netflix not to give its original series at least two seasons.
Meanwhile, at least one person has indicated on their Twitter bio that they're working on Season 2 of Altered Carbon. Michael R. Perry's Twitter bio reads “Currently on Altered Carbon Season 2. Before that: The Voices, Paranormal Activity 2, many TV shows.” Perry's background includes TV production, writing, and screenwriting. Their credits include The Practice, Eerie Indiana, American Gothic, House MD, Persons Unknown, and more. The Twitter account isn't verified, but it's been around since 2012.
3. Production on Season 2 May Be Starting in October
Netflix
Although Netflix doesn't officially comment on second seasons before releasing a first, ProdWeek reported that production for Season 2 will begin in Vancouver in October of this year, and Netflix has already started ordering scripts and booking studio space for the new season. This would mean that Netflix has already renewed the show but isn't making that knowledge public yet.
4. Joel Kinnaman May Not Be Back for Season 2
Netflix
Joel Kinnaman, who stars as Kovacs in Season 1, isn't sure if he's hopeful about a second season or not. That's because he's unsure if he'd even be in a second season. They told NME: “I don't know if I would be in a second season. I think there's a big chance that Kovacs would be re-sleeved if there was a second season.”
James Purefoy also said that there was a chance the show could go the Doctor Who route and keep the characters but recast all the roles in new sleeves.
5. Fans Already Want a Season 2
The show's only been out for a day, and fans are already ready for a second season. Here are a few comments they're sharing about it:
@netflix can I get Altered Carbon season 2 like yesterday please — I'm Not Funny (@XXToxicMelodyx) February 3, 2018
Just finished watching ALTERED CARBON @AltCarb 😱😱😱😱 I really liked it, hopefully season 2 happens because there is still a mystery to uncover!! (No spoilers) @netflix renew it for second season ASAP!! — JERRY QUINONEZ🌐 (@Jerryqm18) February 3, 2018
Altered Carbon was so good. Where's season 2? 😭 — Doc McStuffins (@wholeah) February 3, 2018
Do you want a Season 2 of Altered Carbon? Let us know in the comments below.
Overshadowed by powerhouse destinations like Rome and Florence, Modena flies under most travelers' radars. But given that this northern city is the birthplace of many Italian icons — from balsamic vinegar to Ferrari cars to famed tenor Luciano Pavarotti — there's no shortage of cultural and culinary riches to discover.
Thanks to its star turn in the most recent season of comedian Aziz Ansari's Netflix show, “Master of None,” Modena is beginning to see some recognition. With picturesque cobblestone streets and many culinary delights, the UNESCO World Heritage site is ripe for discovery. Here's some of the best Modena — and its home region, Emilia-Romagna — has to offer.
Irresistible eats
There's a four-month-long waiting list to taste Chef Massimo Bottura's modern riff on traditional regional cuisine at the three-Michelin-starred Osteria Francescana, ranked number two on the World's 50 Best Restaurants list. Just a dozen tables are set among three hushed, elegant dining rooms, each boasting contemporary artworks — Ólafur Elíasson, Damian Hirst and Matthew Barney, to name a few — from Bottura's personal collection. Seasonal tasting menus start at $260 for nine courses, not including wine. You'll have to book four months in advance. Securing a table, which can be done on the restaurant's Web site, requires a $295 deposit/cancellation fee.
For a wallet-friendly meal, head to Boutique del Tortellino (Via Scarpa, 9; no Web Site) for a takeaway cup of homemade tortellini, stuffed with pork and parmesan cheese and swimming in a rich, meaty broth ($8.25). Owner Luca dall'Olio makes several varieties fresh each morning; in fact, this was the place where Ansari's character, Dev, learned to make pasta. Luca also hosts the occasional three-course dinner with wine and coffee at the shop's single table (around $70); dall'Olio recommends stopping by to make a reservation in person (+39-059-232575).
Since 1931, locals have flocked to the art deco Albinelli Market to pick up fresh local produce, meats, cheeses and baked goods. Until recently, its 70 stalls were only open until early afternoon, but now several buzzy new spots serve up fine fare late into the evening on Fridays and Saturdays. Try a slice of spelt-crust pizza with offbeat toppings like purple potatoes at Mozzabella, or pop by for a glass of fizzy Lambrusco wine and a traditional rosette (baked rose-shaped pasta) dish at Sa Ghe'?. (It means “what's up?” in Italian.)
Farm to table
Find out what goes into Modena's prized balsamic vinegar at Acetaia Villa Bianca, a beautiful countryside estate where the venerable condiment has been produced by hand for six generations. Led by the property's current scion, dapper Emilio Biancardi, the tour takes visitors through the vineyards, whose Trebbiano grapes are used in the production of the vinegar, and into the barrel room, where the precious liquid is aged. Finish with tastings of wonderfully rich 12- and 25-year-old samples in the family's grand drawing room.
To see how the region's noble Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese is made, Bio Hombre hits the spot. Visit the idyllic farm, about 20 minutes by taxi from central Modena, to observe its biodynamic cheesemaking process. Follow it from cows at pasture to the ripening warehouse, where thousands of wheels of cheese are stacked from floor to ceiling. Afterwards, sample the various cheeses: fresco (aged 12 to 14 months), classic stagionato (22 to 24 months) and the intensely flavorful stravecchio (more than 30 months).
Drive and explore
You had to be a Maserati owner — or have the deep pockets to shell out for one of the $150,000 vehicles on the spot — in order to visit the carmaker's factory. That changed in September, when the factory opened its doors to public tours for the very affordable price of about $35. The 1½-hour guided walk includes the assembly line, where cars have been lovingly pieced together by hand since 1937.
It finishes in the showroom, notable for the 10-ton fiberglass loop designed by architect Ron Arad, where several classic and current Maserati models are displayed.
With its shiny yellow roof and curving glass façade, the Enzo Ferrari Museum is an architectural homage to the sleek Italian sports car brand. Displayed inside like priceless works of art is a rotating collection of iconic Ferraris, from vintage roadsters to contemporary models owned by the likes of Eric Clapton, which they lent to the museum for the current “Driving with the Stars” show. Next door is a far humbler brick building: the restored 19th-century house where founder Enzo Ferrari was born in 1898.
Book in advance for a tour (weekends only; email info@visitmodena.org) of the Baroque Ducal Palace, now home to part of a co-ed military academy. The exterior of the sprawling 17th-century building is impressive, but inside you'll get a peek at how the dukes of Modena once lived — in vast rooms featuring original frescoes, gold stucco walls and ornate gilded ceilings.
Stay the night
Modena is lacking in luxury and boutique hotels — one sure sign of its relatively few foreigners — but the four-star Best Western Premier Milano Palace is perfectly serviceable, with a small spa and a location just outside the historic city center (from $150).
The author was a guest of the Emilia-Romagna tourism board.
The FBI is seeking information about the shooter. If you have a tip, call 1-800-CALL-FBI. (Source: FBI)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - The Alexandria shooting may impact security for visiting dignitaries in Louisville. Local security professionals are taking a closer look at how elected officials and VIPs are protected while visiting the city.
Lieutenant Gary Burman, the head of LMPD's dignitary protection team, compared the shooting in Washington to the attack on Congresswoman Gabby Gifford in 2011 which resulted in more local requests for security. Burman's team is tasked with protecting high-profile visitors to the city such as the President and the Dalai Lama. Burman expects the department will see an increase again in requests for security after this shooting.
"It's possible," Burman said. "We had a meeting after (the Gifford) shooting with the Capitol Police and the Capitol Police told us if they're not leadership, then the protection is pretty much up to us."
RELATED STORIES
+ The Latest: Mika family says they suffered multiple gun shots
+ Sen. Rand Paul present, but uninjured when gunman opened fire at VA ball field
+ Gunman who shot member of congress had history of anti-GOP activity
+ GOP baseball shooting: Rep. Scalise among victims in 'critical' condition
Only ten members of Congress have full-time security, covering the five leaders of both the House and the Senate. Within hours of the Washington shooting, Senator Rand Paul's office contacted the LMPD which is responsible for protecting them in Louisville.
"And they just wanted to let me know what was going on, how much they appreciated our help," Burman said.
Visiting members of Congress are likely to see very little change in the approach to their security and the techniques used by LMPD, Lt. Burman said.
"We always plan for the worst, hope for the best," Burman explained. "Anytime someone is in town requesting our assistance, we are happy to do so. We just assume anything can happen at any time so we're always planning for that. So, it really won't change the way we operate because we always operate at the top level as it is."
As majority leader, Senator Mitch McConnell is the only member of Kentucky's congressional delegation with full time security. Even so, Lt. Burman anticipates the LMPD will be asked to provide support when they are in town.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
So it's really fun to make fun of Charles Barkley when he's covering college basketball, a sport they talk about on TV for just the NCAA tournament and not any other time (at least publicly during the year).
And it's really fun to make fun of other people's busted brackets around this time.
But come on — who can say their bracket doesn't look somewhere close to this?
Charles Barkley's bracket is a crime scene pic.twitter.com/ata7WdkgiW — Danny (@recordsANDradio) March 18, 2018
Hey, at least we all have had fun right?
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
Emerson Gives $1.5M For Texas A&M Advanced Automation Lab
The new facility will offer practical experience with next-generation automation, wireless and Industrial Internet of Things technologies.
Future classes of undergraduate engineering students studying at Texas A&M University will have access to advanced automation technologies in use at industrial facilities around the world as a result of a $1.5 million donation by global technology and engineering company Emerson. The donation funds the Emerson Advanced Automation Laboratory, which will provide Texas A&M engineering students a modern, high tech, active learning environment, simulating real-world plant operations found in manufacturing facilities for the oil and gas, refining, life sciences, food and beverage and other industries, according to the company. The laboratory will reportedly be an integral part of the university's new Zachry Engineering Education…
During their homily at Easter Sunday Mass at the Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist, Bishop Daniel Thomas, apostolic administrator of the Diocese of Cleveland, told the congregation that the resurrection, which is “the very essence of our faith,” has been depicted a number of times in paintings.
“Many famous artists capture the profound mystery of our faith that we celebrate today,” they said. Angels are included in some paintings, but “It is the rare artist who depicts Easter without the risen Christ,” the bishop said.
Their favorite Easter painting was created in 1898 by a Swiss painter named Eugene Burnand – and it does not include the risen Lord.
“There is no need to see Jesus. Our belief is that they have risen. It is the very essence of our faith – even though we've never seen it with our physical eyes, we believe they have risen. We see with the eyes of our hearts, minds and souls. We're invited to see and to renew our belief in the risen Lord through renewal of our baptismal promises.”
Titled “The Disciples Peter and John Running to the Sepulchre on the Morning of the Resurrection,” Burnand's painting shows the oldest and youngest the disciples as they hurry toward Christ's tomb on Easter morning.
“Peter, who is somewhat older, is a bit behind. Their eyes are wide. They have one hand over their heart and they are pointing with one finger,” Bishop Thomas said. John's eyes look anxious and they have their hands folded. “It is enough to see the faces of the apostles as they run to the light. There is no need to see Jesus,” they added.
The joyful hymns, alleluia, smell of flowers cascading around the altar and the words from the Easter Gospel all reinforce Christ's resurrection from the dead, they added.
They said if Christ is not raised on Easter, “our faith is empty. Today we come full of light, joy and holy expectation. We will meet the former occupant of the tomb in a new way today. The risen Lord welcomes all who are here. They want us to believe in resurrection. The tomb is empty. I believe,” Bishop Thomas said.
Also at the Mass, four new members of the Catholic faith were confirmed by Bishop Thomas and they received their first Communion. The newest Catholics professed their faith and the rest of the congregation was invited to renew their baptismal promises.
Easter is a celebration of victory: of light over darkness, good over evil, they added.
The Easter season continues for 50 days, through Pentecost, which occurs on June 4.
Image caption The burned-out police car remains at the scene
A man has been charged following a fire at a Swansea police station.
Matthew Miller, 28, from Treboeth, will appear in Swansea Magistrates' Court on Thursday charged with arson with intent.
A police car was set alight outside Penlan police station in the early hours of Tuesday.
The fire spread to the station, causing extensive damage to the building in Heol Gwyrosydd, South Wales Police said.
A second man who was arrested, a 22-year-old from Pontardawe, has since been released.
No-one was in the building at the time.
Officers are continuing to appeal for witnesses.
Napoli have received an official bid from Manchester City for midfielder Jorginho, according to the player's agent.
The Italy international has been heavily tipped to join the Premier League champions in the transfer window, although Liverpool, Arsenal and Chelsea are said to be providing competition.
A report from Calcio Napoli 24 on Wednesday claimed City have agreed a deal with the 26-year-old that could cost the club as much as €50million.
Joao Santos claims an offer has been made to Napoli and admits it would be hard to turn down City's advances.
"I know an offer to Napoli has arrived from Manchester City," they told Tuttomercatoweb. "We're waiting for their response. I don't think they have rejected offers.
"If Napoli find an agreement with City, we will assess everything.
"Obviously, Manchester City would be very welcome, an opportunity not to be turned down. The coach is one of the best in Europe."
Jorginho has established themselves as one of Serie A's finest midfielders since signing from Verona in 2014.
They made 33 Serie A appearances in 2017-18, scoring twice.
Craig Barritt/Getty Images for The Robin Hood Foundation(ST. LOUIS, Mo.) — A day after Eric Greitens resigned as governor of Missouri, a prosecutor blasted their “dangerous and false rhetoric against the criminal justice system” before dismissing a felony charge of computer tampering against him.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner said Wednesday that their decision to drop the case against Greitens was based on what is best for the state.
“I remain confident that we have the evidence we require to pursue charges against Mr. Greitens, but sometimes pursuing charges is not the right or just thing to do for our city or our state,” Gardner said during a news conference in St. Louis.
They launched an investigation in January after their office received allegations that the Republican governor illegally used a donor list from their former charity, The Mission Continues, to raise funds for their 2016 gubernatorial run.
The investigation led to two felony charges against Greitens, a former Navy SEAL who was elected governor in November 2016. One of the felonies was the computer tampering charge stemming from their alleged use of the donor list, while the other was an invasion of privacy charge for allegedly using partially nude photos of their former mistress to blackmail them into keeping quiet about their affair.
Greitens has admitted to having the affair with the woman, their former hairdresser, in 2015 before becoming governor. They said the decision to resign was a difficult one but maintained that he's done nothing wrong. Their resignation is effective Friday.
“I am not perfect, but I have not broken any laws or offense worthy of this treatment,” Greitens, 44, a married father of two children who ran for governor on a platform of family values, said.
The charges against them were the result of a “witch hunt” by their political adversaries, they added.
“It's clear for the forces that oppose us, there's no end in sight. I cannot allow those forces to continue to cause pain and difficulty to the people that I love,” they said.
“Contrary to Greitens' past statements, there was no ‘witch hunt,' no plans to bring pain to them or their family,” Gardner said. “The consequences Mr. Greitens has suffered they brought upon themselves by their actions, their statements, their decisions, their ambition and pursuit for power.”
The invasion of privacy charge against Greitens was also dropped earlier this month, just before Greitens was set to go to trial. Since then, Jackson County prosecutor Jean Peters Baker was appointed special prosecutor to consider whether to refile the charge.
Gardner said they could only speak of the computer tampering charge.
“Just as I believe that Mr. Greitens' decision to resign is best for our state, I have to consider the totality of the situation,” Gardner said.
“As a prosecutor, my decision must be based on facts, available evidence regardless of the position of the accuser or the power of the accused,” Gardner said. “After much conversation with Mr. Greitens' defense attorneys and my team, we have come to an agreement on the felony computer tampering case. I believe the most fair and just way to resolve this situation is to dismiss the computer tampering case.”
Gardner added: “If Mr. Greitens were convicted of this charge, it would be unlikely that they would be sentenced to prison given their first-time offender status and the type and level of the charge they faced.”
Both Republican and Democratic lawmakers had asked Greitens to resign. By doing so, they avoid potentially becoming the first Missouri governor to be impeached.
A House investigatory committee had subpoenaed them to testify next week during a special session on their possible discipline.
The investigatory committee had already released two scathing reports against Greitens. The first detailed accusations made by their former mistress, who claimed they threatened and mistreated them The second report focused on allegations that Greitens wrongfully obtained the charity donor list to fundraise for political purposes.
“While I cannot force Mr. Greitens to take personal accountability for their actions, there are things that I can do,” Gardner said. “I can reject Mr. Greitens' shameful, divisive personal attacks. I can reject their dangerous and false rhetoric about the criminal justice system and the rule of law. I can clarify for the public that there was no coordinated effort by anyone to target them based upon their politics, rather it was their actions.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – None of the Miami Valley's immediate representatives were at the practice, but Brad Wenstrup of Cincinnati was right there with Rep. Steve Scalise.
“He was conscious, they were very brave. He's under care right now. I assume they are in surgery right now,” said Rep. Wenstrup after leaving the scene.
Wenstrup, along with many of their colleagues were in a state of shock after a lone gunman unleashed gunfire at a park in Alexandria, Virginia.
“We were up-beat. Getting ready for the game and then something like this happens and you can't believe it,” said Rep.Wenstrup.
Despite the surrounding chaos, Wenstrup went to aid fallen Rep. Scalise who was shot in the hip.
“I saw that they were down. I went out to them after they had subdued the shooter.”
Congressman Mike Turner hailing Wenstrup as a hero.
“In Southwest Ohio, we also can look to our own hero and that is Brad Wenstrup. They were on the site, who serves even as they serve in congress in the military and is a doctor. They immediately began providing medical care on the field and while the event was unfolding. Turning to their both their medical and military training.  They are a hero today,” said Turner.
The alleged shooter, 66-year-old James Hodgkinson III died after a shootout with police.
Back in Dayton, law professor Thaddeus Hoffmeister is worried about the governments focus on foreign security.
“It does seem that we in this country spend a lot of time and concern about things outside of our boarders and threats coming into this country. But we don't necessarily spend a lot of time on domestic or internal problems,” said Professor Hoffmeister.
Despite the shooting, the republican VS democrat baseball game is not expected to be canceled.
A decision that Mike Turner supports.
“We need to stand together. This is something that we are not going to let one person take away the freedoms that we have.There's nothing more American than baseball,” said Turner.
2 NEWS made calls around Dayton asking local baseball leagues if they would still play following a tragedy like this. Jason Hyman of the Miami Valley Adult Baseball League told 2 NEWS their first instinct would be to play and to honor those effected.
“Wonderful Christmastime” is the worst of Christmas songs, but it makes up for it by also being the worst of all songs, the worst song ever written by a human, Beatle or otherwise, the worst melody, the worst synthesizer, the worst production, the worst Wings song, the worst pronunciation of the word “here,” the worst lyrics, the worst scent. I have never seen the cover of the 45, but I bet it f**ing sucks. "Wonderful Christmastime" is the most terrible song ever written by anyone, or anything, ever, including robots and gorillas and Puff Daddy and Courtney Love. No one likes "Wonderful Christmastime." No one. Paul McCartney hates it. All of Paul McCartney's wives hate it. Santa thinks it's a joke. God is like, " I did not bestow upon you the Breath of Life to dishonor me with this unMely dreck," and I imagine He's not real happy about "Ebony and Ivory" either.
I have heard that Paul McCartney has done some pretty good things, but I simply don't care about any of them, because not a single one makes up for “Wonderful Christmastime.” The man could have written “Hey Jude” and it wouldn't make up for “Wonderful Christmastime.” The man could be responsible for a definitive psychedelic concept album of all time and it wouldn't make up for “Wonderful Christmastime.” The man could have made a definitively perfect “Simpsons cameo” and it wouldn't make up for “Wonderful Christmastime,” although it certainly helps.
Related: 7 Christmas songs that need to be taken out of the rotation like now
In short, when played during the festive holiday season of which I am a lively and goofy fan, “Wonderful Christmastime” makes me consider marching into my son's kindergarten class to tell everyone about Santa. I can begin a merry day with sunshine, a mug of cocoa, a festive sweater, figgy pudding all up in my fridge and a heart full of sopping wet Christmas cheer, and five seconds of Paul McCartney's “Wonderful Christmastime” will compel me to light mistletoe on fire and rob mall Santas and punch reindeer and smash glass ornaments and speed-eat my son's Legos and run around the neighborhood finding inflatable blow-up Santas and deflating them with a flaming screwdriver. (In this scenario, fire is not required, though it helps.)
I don't like the song, is what I'm saying, and if you do, you are incorrect and unpopular. Here are several reasons you are wrong:
The nauseated burping synthesizers. I understand that “Wonderful Christmastime” was recorded in 1979 at the height of the stupid farting electronic keyboards age, but so was “The Wall,” “Off the Wall,” “Tusk,” “Rust Never Sleeps” and “Damn the Torpedoes,” and at zero points did Tom Petty feel no need to rely on a noise that sounds like a cow regurgitating a synthetic frog. (Disclaimer: There might be one on “Slow Train Coming,” but I'm not going to listen to find out.)
The song was written, performed and recorded entirely by McCartney himself, while the members of Wings were outside attempting to convince people they were members of Wings, so there is literally no one else to blame for this. At least McCartney could shovel around partial blame for “Silly Love Songs” and “Wild Honey Pie” and “Spies Like Us,” and frankly I would gleefully listen to every last nominee at the CMA Awards cover “Spies Like Us” before elect to hear another “Wonderful Christmastime.”
No grown adult pens such words. As legend goes, the lyrics to the vocal version of Vince Guaraldi's “Christmas Time is Here” were written on the fly, in the studio, in a frenetic scribbled attempt to pen some Christmas stuff for the show, and the result is a gentle and evocative classic that sounds like peace. McCartney dropped Wings off at Arby's, wandered into whatever studio was offering the Wrote “Yesterday” Discount and came up with “The party's on, the feeling's here” before brilliantly including everything from “Simply having a wonderful Christmastime” all the way to “We're simply having a wonderful Christmastime” and repeating themselves 79 times.
The following disappointments have recorded covers of “Wonderful Christmastime”: Straight No Chaser, Jimmy Buffett, Demi Lovato, the Shins, Diana Ross, Barenaked Ladies and what the hell half the cast of The West Wing? Christ, this is why people hate liberals. Yet much every last cover is preferable to the blippy garbage original, even the wanky Shins one. To reiterate: Jimmy Buffett's Cover of This Christmas Song Beats the Crap Out of the Original. 2017 is a nightmare.
The part where the burping synthesizers are joined by jingle bells. “Now what's the fastest, most cost-effective means by which I can make this humiliating goat patty sound more Christmasy? THINK PAUL, THINK.”
The second chorus, in which they stop playing the synthesizers with anything resembling musical accordance with the rest of song and it sounds like he's basically just firing in Galaga zap zap zap zap zap. That's right, it's a Galaga joke. Look it up, millennials.
“The choir of children sings their song. ” Listen to this line carefully, because it sounds like he's pretending to be an Oompa Loompa, but creepier and more orange.
“Ding dong ding dong ding dong.” You know what's always a good idea is pretending to be a children's choir singing “ding dong” over and over.
All the zippy finger snapping. “Ugh the instruments are all the way over there. What should I do in this part? THINK PAUL, THINK.”
The last 2:20 of the song, in which literally nothing f**king happens, except for some “doop doop doops.” Sample Bing Crosby. Call Charlie Brown stupid. Bring in Bono. Sing about chillin' and coolin' just like a snow man. DO ANYTHING AT ALL.
This heartbreaking stat: In 2010, Forbes estimated that “Wonderful Christmastime” makes $400,000-$600,000 a year in royalties (most of them from the West Wing recording), meaning that they have made more from this toxic garbage pile in the past 30 years than you ever will in your life. Ding dong ding dong ding dong.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Viacom CEO Bob Bakish is weighing a change at the top the media giant's struggling Paramount Pictures, The Post has learned.
Bakish is huddling with executives of Viacom and the 105-year old Hollywood studio about changing its leadership, several sources familiar with the situation said on Tuesday.
Paramount is led by Brad Grey, who has been the studio's chief executive since 2005.
While Grey had success early on in their tenure, Paramount's financial and box office performance in recent years has struggled. It has finished in sixth or seventh place among its studio rivals in total gross in each of the last five years.
So far in 2017, it sits in fifth place, according to BoxOfficeMojo.
Paramount has been hurt by box office disappointments like “Ben-Hur,” and “Ghostbusters.”
In one recent very public embarrassment, Paramount in September took a $115 million impairment charge related to the expected bad box office performance of “Monster Trucks” — four months before the much-delayed movie even opened.
“Monster Trucks,” with its reported $100 million-plus budget, took in roughly $60 million globally.
Paramount lost $445 million in the fiscal year ended Sept. 30.
Ironically, the studio garnered a stunning 18 Oscar nominations this year.
Despite their box office shortcomings, Grey is close with Hollywood talent like Leonardo DiCaprio, and they have kept on good terms with Sumner and Shari Redstone, Viacom's controlling shareholders.
Bakish's talks about changing the leadership at Paramount come just days after word spread that Viacom General Counsel Mike Fricklas was departing.
In an interview with Bloomberg earlier this month, Bakish said they talked to Grey about ceding some of their slate to Viacom's cable networks, which will come up with movie ideas.
Grey initially balked at the idea, but Bakish bore in.
“I have some examples,” Bakish told Grey.
“You know what, you're right,” Grey replied.
Speaking on Viacom's earnings call Bakish also threw some shade at Grey.
“I fundamentally believe that leadership needs to be accountable,” said Bakish. “I'm accountable to the board. I expect the people that work for me to drive the company forward, I will hold them accountable for that.”
The recently minted CEO said their management team is “now turning the page on the strategy for Paramount” beginning with being “increasingly focused on execution.”
Hollywood insiders on Tuesday said whispers about Paramount were growing louder.
“The drum beat on Brad is very loud,” several sources confirmed.
If Bakish decides a change is needed, Paramount Television boss Amy Powell is a candidate to run the film studio on an interim basis — alongside Viacom Chief Financial Officer Wade Davis — as is Viacom Chief Operating Officer Andrew Gumpert and others, sources said.
Grey, whose contract ends in 2020, declined comment, as did reps for Viacom.
A Houston couple who welcomed quadruplets early last month brought their babies home swaddled in patriotic style.
These little bundles were decked out in stars and stripes ahead of their first Fourth of July celebration.
The Agi children were born to parent Linda and Thomas on June 1 at Texas Medical Center. The photo was taken a few days later.
Texas Medical Center
The three girls, draped in stripes, are: Mercy-Grace, Adriel and Amaris; their brother, decked out in stars, is Zephanih.
According to ABC station KTRK in Houston, two of the babies were less than three pounds at the time of their birth, while two others weighed just under four pounds.
Linda told KTRK they are thrilled to take their four babies home, and for the excellent care they said they received since their birth.
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
Super Bowl commercials, once the ultimate in frat-boy humor, have evolved over the years to embrace politics and cultural sensitivity. Last year, Audi ran an ad supporting equal pay, and Anheuser-Busch reminded viewers of its immigrant founder.
But this year, many advertising insiders expect the Super Bowl spots to steer clear of the #MeToo movement opposing the sexual harassment and abuse of women, or the NFL players who have knelt during the national anthem to protest police brutality and racial inequality. In fact, many of the ads may simply feature men doing nonpolitical things, while others will showcase the philanthropic efforts of brands like Budweiser and Hyundai.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed What to expect from this Sunday's Super Bowl ads 1:32 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Advertising insiders say that Madison Avenue's prior ads highlighting female empowerment may have led to an unexpected backlash. Audi was criticized in the press for running its equal-pay spot while employing few female managers. "Better to be safe than sorry," said one advertising source who has tracked Super Bowl trends for years, noting how many men were being used by marketers to promote their participation.
Advertisers may also be avoiding accusations that they're not portraying women in quite the right light this year by taking the easier route of just casting men.
Among the men appearing in recent ads are Chris Hemsworth, an Australian actor who is in a mock-trailer for "Crocodile Dundee 2018," which appears to be an Australian travel campaign; David Harbour, an actor in the Netflix series “Stranger Things” who is in an ad for Tide; the comedian Bill Hader in a spot for Pringles; David Schwimmer, the former “Friends” star, advertising Skittles; and Danny DeVito in an M&M's commercial.
A scene from the M and M's ad spot, featuring actor Danny DeVito for the 2018 Super Bowl. M and M's via AP
Three women are exceptions to the trend: Tiffany Haddish appears in a Groupon commercial, while Missy Elliott co-stars with Morgan Freeman in a Mountain Dew and Doritos spot. And of course Cindy Crawford will appear, for Pepsi.
Only a handful of advertisers has unveiled their Super Bowl spots so far, with most choosing instead to roll out teasers. An Amazon ad features a female engineer telling the company's chief executive, Jeff Bezos, that the home assistant machine Alexa has lost their voice.
A Super Bowl commercial can boost sales and put a small company on the national map, but if marketers don't hit the right note, they'll be critiqued to death on TV news shows, pulverized on social media and possibly ridiculed by President Donald Trump. Last year, a Pepsi spot featuring model Kendall Jenner was pulled after widespread social media outrage at the idea of using activism to sell soda.
Sounds like Alexa might have lost their voice, but who could possibly replace her? Amazon teases it's ad for the upcoming 2018 Super Bowl. Amazon via Youtube
The 2016 game attracted 111.3 million viewers, along with 190 million social media interactions, according to Nielsen. (Super Bowl LII kicks off at 6:30 p.m. ET this Sunday on NBC.)
“Super Bowl is the biggest stage in the world and attracts a diverse set of eyeballs,” said John Osborn, the chief executive of the ad-buying agency OMD. “It serves as a mirror to what's happening in the culture and society."
With feminism having a resurgence, it's hard to imagine any advertiser making women a punchline. Andy Goeler, the vice president of marketing for Bud Light, says that doing an overtly sexy commercial in this year's Super Bowl would be a mistake for any company.
“You would be crazy to do anything like that at all,” they said. “Females are a key piece of our consumer base. To do anything that would insult females, or any demo, is crazy.”
Bud Light hasn't shared many details of its Super Bowl plans yet, but is expected to stick with its popular “Dilly Dilly” catchphrase.
Women account for 46 percent of Super Bowl viewers, according to Nielsen.
“When you realize that, why alienate half the audience with obnoxious commercials?” asked Stuart Elliott, the former New York Times ad columnist who now writes for the website MediaVillage. "Sexy is completely misreading the mood of the country."
The shift away from patronizing ads — such as the 2012 Teleflora spot featuring model Adriana Lima, who told viewers, “Give and you shall receive” — comes as more women populate the typically male enclaves of ad agency creative departments.
Azania Andrews, the vice president of marketing for the Anheuser-Busch beer brand Michelob Ultra, said there has been a shift in the representation of women in beer ads.
"We are the most co-ed beer; nearly 40 percent of our customers are women," they said of Ultra. "We need to create content that is inclusive and inviting. I'm not sure historically it was thought of in the same way."
Honoree Susan Credle attends the Matrix Awards, hosted by New York Women in Communications on April 24, 2017, in New York. Charles Sykes / Invision/AP file
Michelob's ad agency, FCB, has a rare female global chief creative officer, Susan Credle, and the company's Chicago office, which worked on this year's Super Bowl ad, also has a woman, Liz Taylor, as its chief creative officer.
Women in creative positions at ad agencies have been supported by groups like Freethebid, a nonprofit initiative aimed at encouraging agencies to put at least one woman on the team when they are pitching projects. Freethebid data says that just 3 percent of creative directors at ad agencies are women.
“Once you work with a few women,” Credle said, “you see how great it is when the barrier goes down, and then it's the norm.”
Credle predicted that Super Bowl viewers will not see much #metoo-related advertising, because brands are leery of commercializing a cause. Even so Credle pitched a controversial idea to one client.
"I really wanted to do a spot about take-the-knee,” they said, referring to the NFL protest movement. “When you see people kneeling, it is to propose, or to tie a shoe for someone — kneeling as a sign of respect and helping somebody.” In the end, they said, the client said no, in part because of the sensitivity of the topic.
At least one ad will feature a supermodel, but with a twist. Cindy Crawford's Pepsi spot will allude to their popular 1992 Super Bowl ad in which they drank a soda at a vending machine, watched by two little boys. This time around the spot will feature their son, Presley.
CORRECTION (Jan. 31, 2018, 4:35 p.m.): An earlier version of this article misstated the title of Liz Taylor.  They are chief creative officer of the Chicago office of FCB, not creative director.
Vote For Minnesota's Best Hard Cider The air's getting crisp, every store has some form of pumpkin spice in stock, and fall is sweeping into Minnesota!
Guide To 2017 Labor Day Weekend Events In MinnesotaSporting and cultural events will mark the transition from summer to fall during the Labor Day weekend. Minnesota will feature some of the best entertainment productions. While baseball features prominently on many Labor Day weekend schedules, for other activities a weekend guide can be useful.
'Gentleman' terrorist gets 40 years for bomb plot A terrorist convicted of plotting to blow up New York's subways was sentenced to 40 years behind bars Tuesday by a Brooklyn federal judge troubled by how such a “respectful”...
Feds seek maximum sentence for mall-bomb plot terrorist The feds want a Brooklyn federal judge to throw the book at a convicted terrorist who plotted to blow up a British shopping mall, according to a Brooklyn federal court...
Pakistani man found guilty in al Qaeda mall-bomb plot A ​Brooklyn federal jury on Wednesday found a ​Pakistani man​ ​guilty of plotting to bomb a Manchester, England, shopping mall as part of ​an international al Qaeda terror plan. Abid...
Online code word for al Qaeda mall attack was 'marriage': prosecutors Brooklyn federal prosecutors ripped into an accused al Qaeda terrorist for trying to hide their plot to blow up a British shopping mall behind online talk of marriage and love,...
Bin Laden was al Qaeda chief until their killing: docs Osama bin Laden remained the key al Qaeda decision maker in the time leading up to their killing at their Pakistan hideout, according to newly released documents at the terror...
Terror suspect testifies about shady 'marriage' emails They say they were trolling for girls, not terror. Accused al Qaeda operative Abid Naseer testified Thursday that their shady email exchanges with a man prosecutors say was a terror...
'Focus on killing American people': Terror plot revealed Chilling communiques between Osama bin Laden and their deputies about plans for attacking the White House, Statue of Liberty and “America's heartland” were revealed for the first time Wednesday in the...
High-ranking FBI agent viewed bin Laden's body at Afghan hangar A high-ranking FBI agent personally viewed the body of terror chief Osama bin Laden after it was returned to a secret Afghan​ ​​airfield hangar in 2011, they testified Wednesday at...
Secret agents testify in garish costumes at terror trial Wearing garish wigs and glasses, a parade of British secret agents brought a unique touch of international intrigue to a normally staid Brooklyn courtroom Tuesday. Testifying in the trial of...
Asian stocks are set to follow their U.S. counterparts lower after industrial and technology companies fell and the 10-year Treasury yield pierced 3 percent for the first time in four years.
Futures in Japan, Hong Kong and Australia point to a lower open. The S&P 500 closed down 1.3 percent weighed by stocks including industrial bellwether Caterpillar Inc. The Nasdaq 100 Index fell 1.7 percent, with Alphabet Inc.'s rise in capital spending sending its shares lower. Investors also focused on the rising 10-year yield and its implications for other assets. The dollar weakened after hitting the highest since January, while crude slipped back toward $67 a barrel. Gold rallied.
“All of a sudden, rates are pushing 3 percent,” said Brad McMillan, chief investment officer for Commonwealth Financial Network. “If rates start to normalize, so is your stock valuation. And I think that's increasingly what the market is starting to be looking at.”
Investors are weighing the implications of climbing bond yields that have been spurred in part by higher commodity prices and concern surrounding their inflationary impact on the wider economy. But volatility in interest-rate markets remains low and equity price swings are well off the highs seen earlier this year, indicating investors believe rising borrowing costs may not be enough to cause outsized pain to equities -- until now.
Investors are weighing the implications of 3 percent Treasury yields. Source: (Bloomberg)
Elsewhere, aluminum extended its biggest slump since 2005 after the U.S. signaled Monday it may lift United Co. Rusal sanctions if Oleg Deripaska divests control of the company.
These are some important events coming up this week:
U.S. GDP and jobless claims are due.
Earnings season continues. Among those reporting: Amazon.com, Samsung and Credit Suisse.
Amazon.com, Samsung and Credit Suisse. The European Central Bank has a rate decision on Thursday. Investors will watch for any sign that officials are preparing a shift in stimulus plans for their June meeting.
Bank of Japan announces its latest policy decision Friday and releases a quarterly outlook report.
Terminal users can read more in our markets live blog.
And these are the main moves in markets:
Stocks
The S&P 500 Index dropped 1.3 percent, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 1.7 percent and the Nasdaq Composite Index declined 1.7 percent.
Nikkei futures -0.8%
SPI 200 futures -0.6%
Currencies
The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index fell 0.2 percent.
The Japanese yen rose less than 0.05 percent to 108.81 per dollar.
The euro gained less than 0.05 percent to $1.2234.
Bonds
The yield on 10-year Treasuries rose two basis points to 3.00 percent.
Commodities
America overspent by $30 billion in May, bringing this year's budget deficit to a grand total of $433 billion. But does it matter?
"In the short term, the answer is no," said Michael Tanner, a senior research fellow at the Cato Institute, a libertarian think tank based in Washington, D.C. They said different programs and payments may kick in or out at different times during the year.
"It's sometimes hard to match revenue fluctuations with spending fluctuations and pick out any one and say that's significant," Tanner told NBC News.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Pence: Deficit Growth? 'Maybe in the Short Term' 2:01 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Federal budget watchers tend to ignore the month-to-month ups and downs. What matters more is the long-term view. And the Congressional Budget Office has projected that the deficit will continue to rise over the next 10 years.
Then-candidate Donald Trump said on the campaign trail that they would eliminate America's $19 trillion debt "over a period of eight years," a message that may have resonated with the voters who ushered them into the highest office.
Yet, according to surveys by the Pew Research Center, even though a majority of Americans say that addressing the budget deficit is a top priority for 2017, when asked which government initiatives they would cut, most wouldn't decrease federal spending on any programs.
Just like a maxed out credit card, the kind of debt the government takes on matters more than the actual number.
Putting a bunch of saws and lathes on your Amex so you can start a handyman business? That's "good debt" because you're investing in increasing your earnings potential.
Putting an Xbox and big-screen TV on your card just so you can play Call of Duty and then taking months to pay it down? You might be better off saving up and paying in cash. (Or picking up Frisbee golf.)
Related: Trump's Unusual Plan to Lower the National Debt
But, unlike a household, the government can print its own money and sell bonds, and its borrowing can flow back into the economy.
"Some deficits are temporary and may be incurred in a way that actually stimulates the economy over the longer term, such as a stimulus bill," said NBC News Business Correspondent Ali Velshi.
While the deficit may not matter much now, the bill may come due as the economy heats up and the interest on payments, the fastest rising portion of the national debt, increases even faster.
"Deficits, and debt in general, matter much less in times of low interest than times of high interest. We are currently in the former, but moving toward the latter," said Velshi.
No one is certain when the debt stops being a number and when it would start scaring away countries and investors enough that they'll stop buying our debt, as we are still the world's most advanced economy, said Alan Viard, resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute, a conservative research group based in Washington.
But the more we kick the can down the road, the harder it becomes to deal with.
"The impact of debt accumulation is not like a tornado that tears down your house but more like termites," said Viard.
by In the news
By Dan Lucas
I was not a supporter of Donald Trump in the Republican primaries, and I had enough misgivings about them that I didn't vote for them in the general election. I would have voted for them if I lived in a battleground state, but I don't – I live in deep blue Oregon.
Despite that, when it began to look like he'd win on election night I was as excited as if my team was winning the Super Bowl! Now in fairness, I can only imagine what that feels like, since I'm a Minnesota Vikings fan.
I was also excited that Republicans held onto control of both chambers of Congress, and that they now control so many governorships and state legislatures.
CBS reported “Republicans have expanded their power in state capitols to their strongest levels in decades.” 33 of 50 governors are now Republican, “a 95-year high not seen since 1922”. Daily Kos notes that Republicans control both legislative chambers in 32 states, and Democrats only control the legislature in 13 states. One of those 13 is Oregon.
As a Republican, what's not to like?
I am grateful to have a president now who shows respect for law enforcement and the military. I am beyond grateful that someone besides Hillary Clinton will be appointing Supreme Court justices for the foreseeable future. I have been very pleased, and at times pleasantly surprised, by Trump's cabinet picks and key appointments so far – notably Judge Neil Gorsuch for the Supreme Court, Gen. Mattis for Secretary of Defense, Sen. Jeff Sessions for Attorney General, Gov. Rick Perry for Secretary of Energy and Gov. Nikki Haley as U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations.
There was one aspect of Trumps' supporters that I completely missed. I was humbled and chagrined to see how we as a county had been letting down a large, unrepresented segment of our fellow Americans. The people living in the rust belt whose jobs had left, and all of the other Americans who were suffering silently with no spokesperson, no lobbyists and no one advocating on their behalf. A year ago Peggy Noonan called them “the unprotected.” They found an advocate in Donald Trump. For their supporters, Trump may be a flawed messenger, but at least they were carrying the message and they were the only who was.
I am cautiously optimistic. For me, the big victory was the Supreme Court nominees being selected by someone other than Hillary Clinton. The rest is gravy. I'm still concerned by some of the same things regarding Trump's temperament and character, but I've been pleasantly surprised with many of their conservative appointments and actions so far.
And speaking of Trump's character, I'm amazed at the hypocrisy on the left in some of their most virulent criticism. A great deal of the outrage expressed in the recent women's marches was about despicable comments Trump made in 2005. They also have a history of credible allegations of sexual assault and unwanted advances. They should be held accountable for all of that, but these same people marching are OK with what Bill Clinton has been reliably accused of doing? Rape and sexual assault. And they're also OK with Hillary's unrepentant suppression of any of the women who said they had been victimized by their husband? One of the women who says they were victimized by Bill Clinton tweeted that Hillary has called Bill's victims “bimbos, sluts, trailer trash, whores, skanks.” Where were the protest marches against the Clintons?
Hollywood has come out strongly against Trump, but they fawn over the likes of child-rapist Roman Polanski and accused child abuser Woody Allen.
Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it. I am more than OK with holding President Trump accountable for the things they do and says, but that accountability needs to be in proportion and it needs to be fairly and evenly applied.
In the meantime, it would be nice for everyone to take a step back from the overreaction to Trump's victory and to actually give them a chance.
Dan Lucas is an independent researcher and policy advocate, and the past editor of Oregon Catalyst. Follow their work at www.dan-lucas.com or contact them at [email protected]
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Eric Greitens isn't out of the legal woods yet.
A former federal attorney told FOX4 there's a chance the Republican governor, who announced their resignation Tuesday, could face other charges beyond the original scope of the prosecution in St. Louis, depending on a metro prosecutor's decision.
On Wednesday, St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner dropped one of the two criminal cases against Eric Greitens after they announced their resignation Tuesday. Gardner said their office reached a deal to dismiss the felony charge of computer data tampering.
But there's still at least one more potential case pending against Greitens. They were also indicted on felony invasion of privacy charge in February for allegedly taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a woman during an extramarital affair in 2015.
That charge was dropped earlier this month, but Jackson County Prosecutor Jean Peters Baker was appointed as a special prosecutor to consider whether to refile it.
Peters Baker said in a statement Tuesday that their investigation is ongoing and will continue "until our work on the case is completed." They said no deals have been made by their office with Greitens' attorneys.
Barry Grissom, a former U.S. attorney for Kansas, told FOX4 Peters Baker could also look at filing other charges against Greitens, given the detailed testimony provided in a House committee's investigation.
"With the additional evidence they now have, they can -- wherever it leads them as a prosecutor, if the facts are there and the law are there, they can charge them with whatever they find in that part of the investigation," Grissom said.
Hear more from Grissom in the video player above.
But Peters Baker is working with a limited timeline. The statute of limitations on the invasion of privacy case runs out on June 11.
Previous coverage:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
A much anticipated event starts this week. The Friends of the Library in Springfield and Greene County will hold the Spring 2018 Book Sale at the Ozark Empire Fairgrounds E-Plex.
Kathleen O'Dell, spokesperson for the Library District, says they'll have six tractor-trailer loads of books, DVD's, CD's and more for sale. And, as usual, there will be some interesting and unusual items.
"This year we have a new, large collection of genealogy materials. We have a Mary Winston Churchill and Moby Dick collection. We have signed books by major authors such as Maya Angelou," said O'Dell.
The sale will have four new categories: “Autographed Novels,” “May We Suggest,” “Women” and “Almanacs, Believe it or Not and Weird Books,” according to O'dell.
They think shoppers will be pleased with the prices at the book sale.
"We have CD's, DVD's, audiobooks, vinyl records and books, board games and puzzles, and most of the adult, teen and children's books and audio visuals are just $1 or less, and then the better books are priced $2 and up," said O'Dell.
Friends of the Library will accept cash or check only.
Tuesday night (4/24) is Members' Night. Members can be the first to browse the items for sale, and $5 annual memberships can be purchased at the door.
Hours for the regular sale are Wednesday through Saturday (April 25-28) 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. and Sunday (April 29) 1 to 5 p.m.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
For Beauty and the Beast fans Primark is the gift that keeps on giving.
First came the Chip mug, which sent shoppers into meltdown, so much so that it was restocked twice.
The mug was quickly followed up by the hugely popular Chip purse, which caused just as much of a frenzy. Some savvy shoppers even flogged it on eBay for twice its original pirce.
Now, the budget retailer is bringing out a Cogsworth clock, and it's just as adorable as the rest of Primark's Beauty and the Beast merchandise.
It costs £8 and is shaped like the talking character, it has a waving hand, as well as a smiling face which also has clock hands on it.
The Cogsworth clock will arrive in stores in mid October, so keep a look out for it from Monday, October 16.
Judging by the rest of the Beauty and the Beast line, we're predicting that the clock will fly off the shelves in no time.
If you want to get your hands on it, buy it sooner rather than later than you can't be too sure if it will be restocked.
Trustees pressed by Brown
heroic to oppose tunnels
Kudos to the Mercury News for the editorial on behalf of protecting the public's right to contest the massive water-tunnels project in court (“Stop outrageous effort to ban Delta tunnels lawsuits,” Opinion section, May 27).
Get editorials, opinion columns, letters to the editor and more in your inbox weekday mornings. Sign up for the Opinion newsletter.
And a shout out to our local Santa Clara Valley Water District board directors Dick Santos, Linda LeZotte and John Varela who stood up on behalf of our bay and Delta to oppose the so-called WaterFix (“$650M OK'd for Delta tunnels: Santa Clara Valley Water District board approves controversial plan on 4-3 vote” (Page A1, May 9).
Related Articles Letter: A's fireworks are a nightmare scenario for many for this reason
Letter: ICE actions are cruel, inhumane and antithetical to American values
Letter: Grand jury reports shed light on voter security and BART crime
Letter: This measure will split the city, creating two Santa Claras
Letter: Why can't a candidate for governor fix DMV's biggest problem? The three directors were truly heroic as they were under intense pressure from Southern California water agencies and the Brown administration to divert and export more and more water away from the bay and Delta.
Les Kishler
Los Gatos
Submit your letter to the editor via this form
Read more Letters to the Editor
Paris 'bomb factory' suspects believed to have links to Syria French authorities investigating a suspected bomb factory near Paris believe three suspects were preparing attacks and had made calls to Syria, a minister said Thursday. Interior Minister Gerard Collomb said...
NYPD told to shoot vehicles to prevent 'ramming attack' The NYPD has told officers to open fire on vehicles to prevent a “mass ramming attack” like the terror strike last year in Nice, France, where a truck plowed through...
Inside the twisted life of the Bastille Day terrorist The terrorist who killed 86 people with a truck in Nice, France, last July was a terror at home, too — abusing them in absolutely disgusting fashion, according to a...
Eight Bastille Day attack suspects arrested PARIS — French authorities have made eight new arrests in connection with the Bastille Day truck attack in Nice that left 86 people dead, the Paris prosecutor's office said Tuesday. The...
Bastille Day killer's gay lover says he'd spit on their grave The gay lover of the Bastille Day jihadist who killed 84 revelers in a truck rampage in Nice said that if fiend Mohamed Bouhlel had a grave — he'd spit...
Bastille Day terrorist planned attack for months — and wasn't alone PARIS — The truck driver who killed 84 people on a Nice beachfront had accomplices and appears to have been plotting their attack for months, the Paris prosecutor said Thursday,...
Bastille Day terrorist took smiling selfie with death truck The Bastille Day terrorist took these selfies, flashing an evil smirk and flipping the bird inside the rental truck they used to fatally run down 84 people in Nice. ISIS-inspired...
Garbage 'shrine' built where Bastille Day attacker was killed A makeshift shrine has taken root at the spot where the Bastille Day terrorist was shot dead — with garbage, stones and messages of hate piling up. Passers-by sickened and...
Man stabs mother, young daughters having breakfast A man stabbed a mother and their three daughters in the south of France on Tuesday because they were scantily clad, according to media reports.
Mindy Kaling and B.J. Novak attend Vanity Fair Oscars party together "I'm headed out for a night of fun with my best friend," the new mother said in a video with Novak on their way to the star-studded party.
B.J. Novak is dating a 21-year-old Instagram model Showbiz insiders say 37-year-old B.J. Novak has been dating model and Instagram star Ceilidh Garten
Mindy Kaling wanted Christian Slater to take their virginity Kaling discussed their celeb crushes from Dana Carvey to Pierce Brosnan at Bookcon in NYC on Saturday.
Hollywood's friendliest exes These celebrity splits ended in friendships, not drama.
Novak calls relationship with Mindy 'complicated' The former "Office" couple is finally opening up about their split.
The 3 terrifying supervillains in the new 'Spider-Man' Two years ago, in “The Amazing Spider-Man,” our web-slinging hero spent their time focused on one supervillain, the Lizard. They chased their reptilian foe through sewers, stopped them from tossing...
The 2018 NCAA Championship wraps up on Wednesday , but a heated debate over one aspect of the college game isn't ending anytime soon. The controversial topic? Push carts.
OK, so controversial is probably a bit strong. This topic isn't quite as intense as paying student athletes or amateur eligibility, but it seems to get people watching on TV fired up every year. And in this case, the flames were stoked by several PGA Tour pros who were college stars not too long ago. It started with Harris English:
Then a few others responded knocking push carts, including English's former teammate at Georgia, Brian Harman:
Ouch. And this isn't just a Bulldogs belief:
RELATED: The best push carts on the market
And even eight-time LPGA Tour winner Brittany Lincicome came down hard on college golfers pushing their clubs around:
But at least a couple of tour pros came to the defense of push carts. Edward Loar apparently pushes when they can:
And Bob Estes wishes he'd pushed more, claiming now that carrying their bag before they were a pro who uses a caddie caused them longterm injuries:
That assertion was backed up when our John Strege talked to Dr. Neil Wolkodoff for a story in 2014 after Stanford's Cameron Wilson drew attention by winning the NCAA individual title while using a push cart.
PODCAST: Breaking down the NCAA Championship & a chat with Aaron Wise
"People who push a cart have a lot fewer [health] issues, and a lot less potential for issues," said Wolkodoff, a medical director of the Colorado Center for Health and Sports Science, who once conducted a study on the physical benefits of using a push cart vs. carrying your bag. "The golf swing is tough on the back no matter how you look at it. If you can use a push cart and keep one more stress away from the back that's a great thing."
Wolkodoff also says using a push cart can be a competitive advantage by keeping core and shoulder muscles from becoming fatigued. So forget about those scoffing at you, and carry on, college golfers. Or rather, push on.
A 26-year-old woman was convicted in their absence last Wednesday at Craigavon Magistrates Court after it was claimed they hit a bin man over the head with a mop.
Moinca Loredana Hant, whose addess was given to the court as Mahon Avenue, Portadown, was accused of common assault on February 15 this year.
They did not appear in court and the case went ahead in their absence.
A public prosecutor said that police received a report from a refuse collector that they had been assaulted by the defendant while bins were being collected in the area.
They said they had been struck over the head with a mop they had in their hands.
They told police they had been washing the floor before going outside to speak to the refuse collector.
They denied hitting them with the mop.
District Judge, Mrs Bernie Kelly, convicted Hant for the assault and issued a warrant to have them brought to the court for sentencing.
Later in the court a solicitor said that the defendant had called at their office the previous day.
They explained that they wanted to contest the matter and that there were some ‘choice words' said.
Judge Kelly said Hant had been convicted and they would have the option of appealing after their sentencing.
Watch the best shots as reigning champion Roger Federer beats Lukas Lacko 6-4 6-4 6-1 in the second round at Wimbledon.
MATCH REPORT: Comfortable Federer reaches third round
Available to UK users only.
BOSTON (GasBuddy) – Gas prices are about to shoot up, eventually climbing to the year's highest levels as refineries across the nation prepare for maintenance season and the seasonal switch to cleaner burning gasoline according to the price tracking website GasBuddy which provides the data for wane.com's Gas Gauge.
The hikes are due to summer's more expensive blend of gasoline, required by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Clean Air Act, as well as refinery maintenance work lasting several months that causes gasoline production to drop, creating a pinch at the pump.
Last year, the national average jumped 69 cents during this season, from a low of $1.69 to a high of $2.39; in 2015 there was an even larger increase of 78 cents, from a low of $2.03 to a high of $2.81 per gallon.
Highlights of what's to come at the pump across the nation:
Average gasoline prices will rise 35-75 cents between recent lows and peak prices, just in time for spring break travel plans. Gas prices will likely plateau in May.
America's daily gasoline bill will swell from today's $788 million to as much as $1.1 billion daily by Memorial Day. This is $312 million more spent every 24 hours.
Some of the nation's largest cities will be $3 a gallon gasoline very soon, including Los Angeles, New York, Chicago, Washington, D.C. and Seattle, with other large cities possibly joining due to various stringent summer gasoline requirements.
Watch out for more gas price volatility in the Great Lakes and West Coast versus other areas, based on prior year outages at refineries in these areas. As a result, there may be temporary gas price spikes.
“While I remain optimistic this year will not bring a ‘running of the bulls', we're likely to see some major increases at the gas pump as the seasonal transition and refinery maintenance get underway,” says Dan McTeague, senior petroleum analyst for GasBuddy. “Overall, most areas will see peak prices under $3 per gallon, and while that's far under prices a few years ago, watching prices surge every spring certainly brings heartburn with it. If we were to add the 5-year average increase we see during the spring, the national average would be thrust to $2.85 per gallon around Memorial Day, a 59 cent rise from the $2.26 per gallon observed February 9.”
States observing the largest seasonal jump between mid-February and Memorial Day at the pump last year:
Michigan, up 95 cents per gallon
Ohio, up 92 cents per gallon
Illinois, up 92 cents per gallon
Indiana, up 90 cents per gallon
Wisconsin, up 86 cents per gallon
Minnesota, up 82 cents per gallon
Kansas, up 76 cents per gallon
Oklahoma, up 75 cents per gallon
Missouri, up 74 cents per gallon
Kentucky, up 73 cents per gallon
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
PENTICTON, B.C. — The rules for curling's free-guard zone are expanding.
The World Curling Federation and Curling Canada are both implementing the five-rock free-guard zone, starting with the 2018-19 season. The four-rock rule currently applies.
The expanded rule will add another protected rock to the four that can't be removed from the area between the hog line and the house. The fifth stone is expected to increase offence, reduce blank ends and generally lead to more entertaining games.
“Yah!” Manitoba's Jennifer Jones said during a break at the Scotties Tournament of Hearts.
“It's just so good for curling because there are so many rocks in play. You get a lead and it's never done. A lot of times, especially in men's curling, if there is a lead it's over and it makes you have to make a ton of shots. I just love it.”
The free-guard zone has been around curling since 1993, with some modifications to the number of stones. Previously, none of the rocks were protected and teams could peel guards when they got an early lead, which led to low-scoring and boring games.
Canadians originally played a three-rock free-guard zone while the WCF played under the four-rock rule. Canada eventually adopted the four-rock rule.
Over the years, skilled teams have become adept at dealing with the four-rock free-guard zone. Leads could move rocks around the front of house without actually removing them. While the “tick shot” requires skill and touch, it nullified the intent of the rule while leaving rocks on the ice but out of play.
“The ones who have played think it's a much more entertaining game,” said Nolan Thiessen, Curling Canada's athlete liaison officer. “There is a better chance to come back (from a deficit). There are less blank ends and more interesting things going on.
“A lot of time with the four-rock rule, it's very cut and dried with offence and defence. The five-rock strategy is totally different and everyone has a different idea.”
Under the four-rock rule, teams could remove a second guard with their fifth shot. With five rocks, none of the guards can be removed until the fifth stone has been played.
“I'm really excited for it,” said Alberta's Casey Scheidegger. “We've been fortunate enough to play under the five-rock rule in the Grand Slams and it's something we feel more comfortable with.”
The rule change means Curling Canada, the Grand Slam of Curling (which officially adopted the five-rock rule in 2014) and WCF championships will be in sync.
“It's harder to go back to four-rock after you're being playing five-rock,” Scheidegger said. “It's easier to switch back to four rock from five rock.”
The four-rock free-guard zone encouraged leads to play more of a finesse game in their placement of guards and the tick shots. Team Canada lead Raunora Westcott can see that aspect of the game changing under the five-rock free-guard zone.
“The second now has to throw solid draw weight and historically your seconds needed to hit,” Westcott said.
Westcott feels it will be better game for fans.
“Even this week, I felt teams weren't engaging us,” Westcott said. “When we put up guards they would just peel them away. It makes it a boring game when it's just hit and hit. So ideally it will be better.”
Curling Canada has a large sample of games from which to determine the impact of the five-rock rule because it has been used in Grand Slams.
“Some of the concerns were there were going to be more blowouts and there are actually less,” Thiessen said. “There are fewer games where the players shake early compared to the four-rock rule under the 10-end game. That transfers across whether it's an eight- or 10-end game.
“It's significantly better for teams to make it entertaining in the second half of the game. People don't realize when they are down a couple of points coming home that they might have only a 10-per-cent chance of winning.”
Games played at curling clubs may also open up with the introduction of the five-rock rule.
“People don't go to club curling just to throw them up and down the ice,” Thiessen said. “It is pushed down to the club level, but in the end the WCF and Curling Canada rulebook is really tailored to competitive play.”
There have been suggestions that Curling Canada and the WCF consider reducing games from 10 ends to eight during the next Olympic quadrennial. Grand Slam games are currently eight ends.
“I hear it more and more at the WCF level for broadcast purposes but it's not on the table at the moment to be changed,” Thiessen said.
mmccormick@postmedia.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Daniel Udoh is hoping their loan spell at Chester FC can help them force their way into the reckoning at Crewe Alexandra - and they had advice from a former Blues striker before making the switch.
Alex striker Udoh signed for the Blues on a one month loan deal from the League Two side last week and made a solid debut in the vital 1-0 win over Solihull Moors at the Swansway Chester Stadium on Saturday .
It is the second loan spell of the season for the 21-year-old having enjoyed a fruitful period at Evo-Stik side Halesowen Town recently, and Udoh jumped at the chance to join the Blues having heard about the club from a former teammate - Ryan Lowe.
Striker Lowe, who is now first-team coach at League One side Bury, made 85 Football League appearances as a Chester player and netted 30 goals, and they played their football with Udoh last season at Gresty Road.
Said Udoh, who signed for Crewe in March 2016 from Ilkeston: “I was doing alright (at Halesowen) and the gaffer was watching me and when my loan finished there was an opportunity to come to Chester, and knowing how big the club is and knowing players like Ryan Lowe who had played here previously, they (Crewe boss David Artell) said to go there and give it a good crack and it will give me a good opportunity, even if it is this level next year or play higher, I just want to play games and do well for the club I'm playing for.
(Image: Tony Clixby)
“When they were with me at Crewe they used to take our striker sessions and used to tell me little things off the ball.
“I remember when they were injured last year and I was starting in their place they told me to get my head down and make those runs and pace yourself, what an experience pro would tell a younger player.”
And the Chester connection doesn't end there for Udoh.
Current Alex boss Artell was a former teammate of Lowe's at Chester City during the 2005/2006 season and made 80 appearances in the Football League, scoring four times.
Now in the hotseat at Gresty Road they know all about the Blues and had spoken in the press before Udoh's switch that they wanted them to play at a higher level to challenge themselves and to help aid their development.
And with a crucial run of games coming up for Chester in their bid for National League status, now was seen as the perfect time for Udoh to make the move.
“He (Artell) looked at the fixtures and at least four or five of them are around us in the table so they said just go there, work your hardest, do your best and come back in and we will give you a chance,” said Udoh, who remains on loan with the Blues until January 7 in a deal that has been aided by the club's Squad Builder fund.
“That is the goal. I would like to push on, get better and improve and while I'm here I can crack on.”
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
SOUTHAMPTON SPITFIRES will break new ground in the spring by staging a Masters Festival.
The event will take place on Saturday 6 May at Milbrook RUFC, and visiting teams will be able to camp at the ground overnight.
The Spitfires have thrown out an open invitation to clubs to take part, with an entry fee of £5 per player (plus a further £5 for those who wish to camp).
A Premier Inn is located nearby, as an alternative.
Teams can confirm intended involvement by calling Adie Smith on 077 8395 9044 (email: adiesmith@me.com).
PINELLAS COUNTY, Fla. (WFLA) – It's the first of its kind in the world right here in the Tampa Bay area! An underwater memorial dedicated to our U.S. veterans is expected to bring in scuba divers from around the world.
In 1999, Dr. Heyward Mathews created the very successful Veterans Fishing Reef 10 miles west of Dunedin Beach. But their second sea floor project honoring veterans isn't to attract marine life. They hope these massive memorials will attract scuba enthusiasts.
“These statues are actually six foot tall and they weigh 1300 pounds,” said Dr. Matthews.
The goal is to have 24 military figures set in a 100 foot circle with a center monument representing each of the five U.S. Armed Forces.
“I want a Patton. I want a McCarthy with their little corn cob pipe. And if the family would agree, I'd like to have one of Schwarzkopf,” said Dr. Mathews.
News Channel 8 stopped by American Legion Post #5 to see what veterans think about this submerged memorial.
“Ahhhhh….Look at that! So, you gotta be a diver to go down and see 'em. Hmmm,” said Navy veteran Ray Keckler.
Their brother and U.S. Air Force Veteran, Ken, said, “It'd be neat! I'm a scuba diver so I wouldn't mind seeing that underwater.”
Dr. Matthews says this new subaquatic destination means much more than just visitors and tax dollars. The Circle of Heroes will honor those who gave all.
“Because what they've sacrificed for is just unbelievable,” they said.
As a man who has more than 3,000 dives under their “weight belt,” Dr. Mathews says they look forward to teaching veterans dealing with PTSD, physical injuries and more how to scuba dive, then eventually taking them down to see the memorial in person.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW:
WASHINGTON – Police and fire officials say a guest at a Washington hotel died after falling into a boiler shaft on the roof and plunging 10 floors to the basement.
D.C. police spokesperson Rachel Schaerr tells The Washington Post 23-year-old John Leonard of Herndon, Virginia, fell around 2:30 a.m. Sunday at the 9-story Dupont Circle Hotel. Authorities say they had gone to the roof with someone else, possibly theirs girlfriend.
Schaerr says Leonard went to the roof to get a good view of the city.
A spokesperson for the D.C. Fire and Emergency Medical Services Department said crews that specialize in confined-space rescues recovered Leonard's body.
A manager at the Dupont Circle Hotel called the incident “a tragic accident” in a prepared statement. They did not offer more details.
There have been heresies in the Church since the time of the Apostles. The remedy? "Let what you heard from the beginning remain in you." Continuity with what the Apostles taught from the beginning must characterize our faith, because it is a sure safeguard against heresy.Ave Maria!Mass: Sts Basil the Great and Gregory Nazianzen - Memorial1st: 1 Jn 2:22-28Resp: Ps 98:1, 2-3AB, 3CD-4Gsp: Jn 1:19-28+++
Series on Airmaria Select Category Air Maria Series (9,214) Homily (5,342) Specials (110) St. Mary's, Baltic, CT (180) Mt. St. Francis (197) Griswold, CT (2,090) Perth, Australia (83) Shrine, La Crosse, WI (78) Lanherne Friars (46) Stoke-on-Trent, UK (29) Bloomington, IN (1,083) On The Road (5) St Johns, Bloomington (61) New Bedford, MA (465) Promo (12) Face of Pro-Life (156) Special Event (71) Immaculate Music (53) News (820) Fi News (381) AirMaria Updates (60) World Review (13) Roving Reporter (133) Vatican (21) Rome Reports (27) No Apologies (122) 10 Most Popular (16) Book Log (15) Variety (292) Ave Maria Meditations (1,201) Marycast (407) Marycast Specials (221) 5th Marian Dogma for Beginners (11) Historical Highpoints of Mary Coredemptrix (16) Our Lady of All Nations (26) Our Lady of Akita (5) OLO America (8) OLO Lipa (5) Queen of Angels (3) Vatican Council II (12) From the Web (302) Friar Tech (10) Mission Down Under (214) Live Events (17) Live Archive (4) Conferences (317) Behold Your Mother Conference (12) Amsterdam 2008 (18) Mariae Advocatae Causa (5) Relevance of Marian Coredemption (6) Our Lady of All Nations 2008 (7) Scotus Mariology, Durham 2008 (13) Coredm Greenwood 2007 (0) Coredm La Crosse 2009 (8) Coredm La Crosse 2010 (8) Newman-Scotus DC 2010 (17) OLO All Nations LI 2011 (3) Card Arinze RI 2011 (0) Courage Chicago 2011 (8) Queen of the Americas 2011 (1) Canon Law La Crosse 2011 (0) Ct Birthright 2010 (2) Short Conferences (2) Coredm La Crosse 2011 (6) Courage Emmitsburg 2012 (9) Courage Syracuse 2012 (0) Courage Chicago 2013 (10) Courage Philly 2014 (11) Courage Chicago 2015 (16) Priests Retreat 2015 (13) Fr Peter Symposium ND (13) Random Conferences (11) Priests Retreat 2012 (8) A Year of Faith in Mary (3) MIM Retreat 2012 (4) Conference for Mothers (3) 2nd Mens Leadership Conference (12) Heroic Virtue Conference (4) Lent 2016 Fr. Hollowell (3) Confidence in God (8) Penance Fr. Ignatius 2016 (0) Notre Dame MI 2016 (0) Spring 2016 Marian Day (3) Fr. Casey – Mercy, Jesus' Own Words (4) 8 Day Ignatian Retreat (25) Priests Retreat 2016 (3) Marian Shrines of the World (24) Fatima Reflections (7) A Day With Mary (199) Australia (62) UK (31) USA (3) FI Missions (8) Tour of the Catechism (80) Mariology for Everyone (40) Mary Now (44)
In this Wednesday, Jan. 24, 2018 photo, Palestinian-American Yasmeen Mjalli displays a jacket with the slogan "Not Your Habibti
darling)," as a ready-made retort for cat calls, in the West Bank city of Ramallah. The 21-year-old is the driving force behind a nascent #MeToo movement in the West Bank, selling their line of T-shirts, hoodies and denim jackets, to encourage Palestinian society to confront sexual harassment, a largely taboo subject.
Follow @insidefutbol
Celtic defender Erik Sviatchenko has revealed that they can well imagine playing in the Netherlands, France or the Championship, even if the Premier League remains their dream.
Sviatchenko has fallen out of favour under Brendan Rodgers at Celtic and was offloaded to their former club, FC Midtjylland, on a loan deal running until the end of the season in January.
 They are aiming to play regularly in Denmark, but admits that returning to Midtjylland could be seen as a backwards step.
"Of course, you can see it as a step back in my career", the defender told Danish daily Ekstra Bladet.
"That's how it is in football. It goes quickly up and down, and sometimes you have to take one step back to take two or three forward again", they added .
When Patrick Sinclair and their husband, Marty Forth, moved to Hong Kong, they took a step back in time. Hong Kong doesn't recognize same-sex marriage or civil partnerships. That meant Sinclair, a former assistant U.S. attorney in New York who was joining a multinational law firm, couldn't sponsor Forth for the visa that opposite-sex spouses typically receive. Instead, Forth entered Hong Kong as a visitor and had to make cross-border trips to avoid overstaying their short-term visa. They also couldn't get a job or join a business, according to Immigration Department rules for visitors. “There's an emotional toll to it,” Forth says. “You're not counted. You're not included.”
As they fight against their second-class status, LGBT people in Hong Kong have allies in the city's crucial financial sector. Goldman Sachs Group, BlackRock, and Deutsche Bank are among 15 financial institutions that have filed an application with the city's high court in a landmark case on LGBT rights, according to a statement released on April 12 by Davis Polk & Wardwell, the law firm representing them and where Sinclair is a partner. (He isn't working on the case.) The companies are supporting a British woman who sued after being denied a visa as a dependent of their same-sex civil partner. They won a court ruling in their favor, but the government is appealing it.
It's not just faraway places in the West that are extending marriage rights: Australia legalized same-sex marriage in December, and Taiwan's constitutional court last year gave lawmakers a 2019 deadline to do the same. Hong Kong is at risk of falling behind, says Steven Chan, a managing director at State Street Corp., another member of the group. “To retain its competitiveness, Hong Kong really needs to ­create a diverse, open society, and that means including equal rights and protection for LGBT people.”
Top Financial Centers As ranked by the Global Financial Centres Index* *Cities ranked by measures of business environment, human capital, infrastructure, financial center development, and reputation.
Hong Kong promotes itself as “Asia's World City,” a multicultural business and financial center. But as marriage equality wins acceptance elsewhere, the city's unwillingness to recognize same-sex ­couples jeopardizes that position. LGBT people and their allies are making slow progress in the wider Hong Kong population. A 2016 report sponsored by the city's Equal Opportunities Commission said LGBT people reported extensive discrimination, in settings ranging from the workplace to housing to restaurants. The same report also found 56 percent of survey respondents supported anti-­discrimination legislation on the basis of ­sexual orientation, gender identity, and intersex ­status, almost twice the level of support as a decade earlier.
Global financial institutions have sponsored LGBT networking events and ally groups in Hong Kong, as well as the annual Pride Parade. The big banks argue that the government's stance on marriage equality complicates their ability to operate in Hong Kong. “We're a global organization that moves talent around the world,” says Bruce Larson, head of human capital management in the Asia-Pacific region for Goldman Sachs. “Limiting our access to the best talent is not in our best interest.”
The lack of equality drives some people away from the city. Cotter Christian, who was a professor at the Savannah College of Art and Design, transferred to the school's Hong Kong campus in 2013. Their husband, Josh Erdman, had owned a bakery in Georgia but with just a tourist visa couldn't get regular work in Hong Kong. Within three years, the couple left for New York, and Christian says they would recommend gay couples think twice about accepting a transfer to Hong Kong and having their marriages snubbed. “Because we now know what we can have, why would we go somewhere where we're giving that up?” they say.
“Our society is divided,” says Regina Ip, a representative in the legislature and a member of Chief Executive Carrie Lam's top advisory body, the Executive Council. “There are some bastions of conservative opinion, but I think the younger and well-educated sectors are aware of the global changes taking place.” Unlike most other politicians aligned with the government, Ip is a vocal supporter of LGBT rights. The government as a whole isn't budging on legalizing same-sex marriage. “I'm afraid for the time being, this remains a highly sensitive and controversial subject,” Lam said at a conference hosted by Bloomberg in Hong Kong on April 11.
Outside pressure has spurred changes in the past: After talks with representatives of foreign governments, Hong Kong in 2016 began allowing same-sex spouses and partners of consular officials to stay in the city. For now, the best most other same-sex couples can get is a longer extension of the visitor visa. For instance, instead of the usual three-month visa, Forth got six months after they and Sinclair presented proof of their relationship, including statements of their joint bank account in the U.S. and pictures from their wedding. “That's when you start to get annoyed,” Forth says. “They are doing the work to check, but the government is not willing to say that it's acceptable.” Each application for a visitor's visa “is determined on its individual merits,” according to the Immigration Department's website.
After about 18 months on what they call “the gay visa,” Forth enrolled in a doctoral program at the University of Hong Kong's department of social work and social administration and now has a ­longer-term visa. “We knew there were going to be difficulties but were confident we would be able to work them out,” Sinclair says. “We are incredibly fortunate. For others, it's a totally different environment.”
Security writer: Trump Allies Being Tried By Innuendo
Ousted National Security Adviser Michael Flynn “has already been tried and convicted in the press,” charges Eli Lake at Bloomberg, even though “he has yet to be charged with a crime” and no news account has “accused them of being disloyal.” What's involved here, Lake suggests, is “some very dirty business from the national security state” involving “whispers” and “innuendo.” Former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates “never says Flynn was a spy for Russia. But their public remarks to Congress and the media appear designed to leave that impression.” Yet “normally if a US official is suspected of treason, the government collects evidence before hinting to the public what it might be seeking evidence about.” It's “too soon to say whether Mike Flynn is facing a witch hunt,” says Lake. “But what if they're wrong?”
From the left: Wake Up, Dems — No Blue Wave Coming
The GOP victory in Montana's special election was “a message from the future,” suggests Salon's Andrew O'Hehir: “Forget about the ‘blue wave' of 2018. Forget about the Democratic majority of 2019. Forget about the impeachment of President Donald Trump.” In fact, “rebuilding American politics and, indeed, all of American public discourse,” is “going to take a while.” Because Trump is only “a symptom of the fundamental brokenness of American politics, not the cause.” Electing a Democratic Congress and impeaching Trump (neither of which is going to happen) “might feel good in the moment, but wouldn't actually fix what is broken.” Resistance to this president “must be more than the handmaiden or enabler of a political party that has lost its power, lost its voice and lost its way.”
Foreign desk: Manchester Bombing's Tragic Familiarity
Last week's Manchester bombing followed a familiar pattern, says Max Boot at Commentary. But the most alarming part is that “authorities apparently had evidence that could have led them to stop” terrorist Salman Abedi, “but they failed to act on it.” Fact is, “authorities simply have too many leads to follow, and they can't simply lock up anyone who is accused of harboring extremist thoughts.” So “homeland security measures . . . must be combined with efforts to prevent terrorists from creating bases . . . from which they can export terrorism,” along with “a campaign to win ‘hearts and minds' ” among young Muslim men. Unfortunately, “the West is lagging in both areas.”
From the right: Yale Honors Student Bullies
Yale just provided “a fittingly disgraceful coda to one of the most disgusting chapters in [its] recent history,” says James Kirtchik at Tablet. It awarded its coveted Nakanishi Prize, intended for students who provide “exemplary leadership in enhancing race and/or ethnic relations,” to two students “who did more than most of their peers to worsen race relations on campus.” They were two of the leaders of a mob that bullied and threatened a renowned professor defending their wife for having questioned a directive against “offensive” Halloween costumes. Indeed, they actually “represent the antithesis of everything this award is intended to honor.” Yet they were hailed by Yale's administration as “truth-tellers.” Says Kirtchik: This “veneration of racial agitators as racial conciliators is the logical conclusion of Yale's craven capitulation to the hard left.”
Culture watch: What Celebs Can Do About Terrorism
Celebrities were quick to take to social media to send “their thoughts and prayers” to the city of Manchester, as they do after every such terrorist attack, notes Mark Tapson at Acculturated. But “instead of spouting embarrassingly frothy pleas” for love and peace, these celebs can do something far more constructive. First, they should promote a very politically incorrect awareness of, and resistance against, the very lethal threat of Islamic terrorism.” And “they can use their formidable star power to rev up creative projects which confront terrorism in a proactive way,” as Hollywood did during World War II: “If celebrities could be pushed to remove their multiculturalist blinders . . . they can help turn the tide.”
— Compiled by Eric Fettmann
Launching from Floating Mills, 43 anglers took to the water with Gammon fishing the main line with a spinnerbait. They had a five-fish limit weighing 18.18 pounds to win $760.
Mark Adams of LaVergne made their CCBA debut a successful one with a second-place finish, fishing creeks uplake to catch 17.71 pounds, including the 5.88-pound big fish, to win $1,000.
CCBA veteran Delmos Boone of Lebanon was third, focusing on backs of pockets with spinnerbait to catch 17.01 pounds to earn $250.
Chris Stites of Smyrna was fourth with 16.12 pounds, including the second big fish which weighed 4.54 pounds, focusing on points working the bottom to pocket $350.
Tony Mick of Cookeville was fifth with 15.55 pounds caught on the lower end with a jig to win $80.
CCBA's next event will be April 28 on Kentucky Lake out of New Johnsonville.
For more information, go to www.cedarcitybass.com or visit Facebook.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Alan Dershowitz, the famed civil libertarian and champion of Israel, has become one of President Trump's most reliable defenders — to a point. They agree with the president that a special counsel should never have been appointed to investigate Russian interference in the 2016 election. They appear regularly on Fox News to argue that if the Trump camp colluded with Russia, it would be “terrible, but not a crime.” And they insist that if the shoe were on the other foot, and a special counsel were going after a Democratic president, liberals would be fighting it tooth and nail.
Now Dershowitz is complaining that their views have made them a pariah — at their favorite summer getaway. In an article for The Hill, Dershowitz, the former Harvard Law professor, writes that in defending “Trump's civil liberties,” they have been shunned by liberals, particularly on Martha's Vineyard, where they have a home.
“The divisions have gotten so bad that many on both sides refuse to speak or listen to those on the other side. Either you are for Trump or against him, and that is all some people need to know to make judgments about you,” Dershowitz wrote, adding “I know this because I have experienced this firsthand on Martha's Vineyard. I am not a Trump supporter nor am I member of the Trump administration.”Later in the piece, Dershowitz once again references Martha's Vineyard, noting that their opposition to Trump's politics “is not good enough … So they are shunning me and trying to ban me from their social life on Martha's Vineyard.”And if anyone didn't hear them the first two times, they return to the theme in discussing a call by Rep. Maxine Waters, D-Calif., to harass Trump administration officials.“Right now I am speaking up in disagreement with Maxine Waters,” Dershowitz says in closing. “She — like those who shun me on Martha's Vineyard — is part of the problem rather than the solution.”Although The Hill published Dershowitz's article on June 27, it only began to gain traction this week, with notable figures mocking the academic on Twitter.“Please say a prayer for Alan Dershowitz. Their friends on Martha's Vineyard are being mean to him,” Tommy Vietor, a former Obama administration aide and founder of the anti-Trump Crooked Media, wrote sarcastcally.Jeet Heer of The New Republic drew a facetious comparison with historical figures who suffered for their political beliefs.“Socrates was forced to eat hemlock. Ovid, Dante, & Emma Goldman were sent into exile. Margaret Sanger was jailed. Rosa Luxemburg, Gandhi and Martin Luther King were killed. Spinoza was excommunicated,” they tweeted. “Alan Dershowitz can't find anyone to dine with at Martha's Vineyard.”Jeet Heer of The New Republic drew a facetious comparison with historical figures who suffered for their political beliefs.“Socrates was forced to eat hemlock. Ovid, Dante, & Emma Goldman were sent into exile. Margaret Sanger was jailed. Rosa Luxemburg, Gandhi and Martin Luther King were killed. Spinoza was excommunicated,” they tweeted. “Alan Dershowitz can't find anyone to dine with at Martha's Vineyard.”Dershowitz themselves responded on Twitter on Tuesday, writing two tweets.“I'm reveling not whining. I'm proud of taking an unpopular, principled position that gets me shunned by partisan zealots. It's not about me. I couldn't care less about being shunned by such people. It's about their unwillingness to engage in dialogue,” they wrote.Dershowitz themselves responded on Twitter on Tuesday, writing two tweets.“I'm reveling not whining. I'm proud of taking an unpopular, principled position that gets me shunned by partisan zealots. It's not about me. I couldn't care less about being shunned by such people. It's about their unwillingness to engage in dialogue,” they wrote.
Uber Faces Lawsuit for Covering Up Data Breach
The ride-hailing company Uber broke Pennsylvania law when it failed to notify potential victims, including thousands of drivers, for a year after it discovered hackers had stolen their personal information, said the state attorney general, who sued the company Monday.
The lawsuit, filed in Philadelphia, said hackers stole the names and driver's license numbers of at least 13,500 Pennsylvania Uber drivers. It accused Uber of violating a state law requiring it to notify victims of a data breach within a "reasonable" time frame.
"Instead of notifying impacted consumers of the breach within a reasonable amount of time, Uber hid the incident for over a year -- and actually paid the hackers to delete the data and stay quiet," state Attorney General Josh Shapiro said in a statement. "That's just outrageous corporate misconduct, and I'm suing to hold them accountable and recover for Pennsylvanians."
Shapiro's office did not have details about riders who were affected, but asked Pennsylvanians who believes they may have been harmed by the Uber hack to file a complaint with the office.
Uber revealed in November that hackers in 2016 had stolen the names, email addresses and mobile phone numbers of 57 million riders around the world. The thieves also nabbed the driver's license numbers of 600,000 Uber drivers in the U.S. The breach did not include any credit card information or Social Security information, Uber said.
When it revealed the hack, Uber said there was no evidence the stolen data had been misused. It acknowledged paying the hackers $100,000 to destroy the stolen information.
Washington state and Chicago have sued Uber, and attorneys general in other states have said they were investigating Uber's data breach.
Uber said it is cooperating with Pennsylvania investigators.
"I've been up front about the fact that Uber expects to be held accountable; our only ask is that Uber be treated fairly and that any penalty reasonably fit the facts," Uber said in statement from its chief legal officer, Tony West.
The lawsuit seeks civil penalties into the millions of dollars, including $1,000 for each violation of consumer protection laws and $3,000 for each violation involving a victim who is 60 or older.
It is the first time Pennsylvania has sued under a 12-year-old state law that makes failing to notify potential victims of a breach of personal information punishable under consumer protection laws.
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Uber.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
Orangeburg, SC (WLTX) - Orangeburg County deputies have arrested a man who they say beat their girlfriend to death.
James Humphries, 48, has been charged with murder.
Orangeburg County Sheriff's investigators say they were called to a Squeaky Lane residence in North for what was initially believed to be a domestic dispute. When they got there, they say they learned
Humphries had called their employer stating that “he had a fight with their girlfriend and believed they were dead."
Humphries was inside the home, along with their girlfriend's body.
Officers say the man and the victim argued over their drug use earlier in the day. Investigators say Humphries beat the woman with their fists.
“I can't imagine a domestic homicide more filled with more senselessness than this,” Orangeburg County Sheriff Leroy Ravenell said in a statement. “To beat your human being until they expire exhibits seems the worst kind of uncontrolled behavior."
© 2018 WLTX
(Click here, if you are unable to view this photo gallery on your mobile device.)
Want Warriors news in your inbox? Sign up for the free DubsDaily newsletter.
OAKLAND — The footage showed the Warriors playing with apathy, with sloppiness and with a lack of mindfulness. So after the Warriors' practice on Monday, coach Steve Kerr said “we're ready to atone for our sins” regarding the Warriors' Game 4 loss to the San Antonio Spurs on Sunday.
Therefore, Kerr entered the figurative confessional booth, expressed some Hail Mary's and offered their players some penance on the team's “lack of focus” to begin Game 4. As a result, the Warriors play Game 5 against San Antonio on Tuesday at Oracle Arena instead of sweeping a first-round series and preparing for the Western Conference semifinals against the New Orleans Pelicans.
“I take a lot of the blame for that,” Kerr said. “I should know better as a coach with a team that has been up 3-0 plenty of times. You have to know you're going into the Lion's Den, especially against a team like the Spurs.”
To subscribe to the Planet Dubs podcast, click here.
So when Kerr rewatched Game 4, it did not just make them cringe that the Warriors committed seven turnovers in the first five minutes or that the Warriors lacked the “appropriate fear” that Kerr considers important against a Spurs team intent on avoiding playoff elimination. Kerr also contended, “I should've taken a timeout three minutes into the game and broken a clipboard.”
“I should've called a timeout, lit into them and did anything I could,” Kerr said. “More than that, I should've had them prepared pregame for what was coming and I didn't feel I did a good job of that.”
Warriors assistant coach Mike Brown told The Bay Area News Group that Kerr had stood up from the bench to call a timeout when the Warriors trailed, 7-4,and Draymond Green threw a bad pass that led to the team's fifth turnover with 8:41 left in the first quarter. But when Spurs guard Patty Mills missed a shot from the perimeter, Warriors forward Kevin Durant nailed a 3-pointer to tie the game, 7-7, at the 8:16 mark. Kerr also said that they planned to take another timeout when a Durant turnover led to a Danny Green 3-pointer. But when Durant made another 3-pointer for a 10-10 tie at the 7:14 mark, Kerr reconsidered.
Want real-time Warriors news texted to your phone? Sign up for Mark Medina's private text messaging service.
“Do I waste a timeout? You usually like to keep your timeouts, especially on the road when a real run is coming,” Kerr said. “It wasn't like the Spurs have a real run. It was more that we were making mistakes and allowing them to hang in.”
The Warriors sounded far more forgiving about Kerr's coaching approach.
“It's great Steve is taking ownership, but that's on us players, too,” said Warriors guard Klay Thompson, who had 12 points on only 4-of-16 shooting. “We have to get ourselves going. It's our job. We're a championship team and we'll respond like one come tomorrow. We're a championship pedigree and we'll respond like champs tomorrow.”
How do the Warriors do that? It sounds pretty simple. As Thompson put it, “do everything we did in [Game 4] but opposite. Win the game.”
In other words, the Warriors would like to start the game off with better mindfulness. They would like to commit fewer turnovers (16). They would like to shoot better than 34-of-90 from the field. They would like to set the tone defensively as they did in Game 1 when they held the Spurs to 32-of-80 from the field instead of allowing San Antonio to thrive from the perimeter as it did in Game 4 (15-of-28). They would like to adjust to the Spurs' early effort as they did in Games 2 and 3. As much as they dislike the Game 4 performance, the Warriors would like to replicate their rebounding (61-34). Even if they missed their last seven shots in Game 4, the Warriors would also like to maintain the same ability to cut the Spurs' lead to 88-86 with 5:57 left in the game.
“You have to have the right thrust,” Warriors forward Andre Iguodala said. “We had a few turnovers so we have to take care of those. The interesting thing is we were still right there down two with [six] minutes to go despite playing as badly as you can play. We just have to come out the right way and set the tone early.”
How so?
“We can play hard, but we still have to think the game. We did not think the game well yesterday,” Thompson said. “We'll make the adjustment. We'll try to play them to their weaknesses. Obviously they'll do the same to us. But we did not think the game like we were supposed to like the previous three. We'll get back to that tomorrow and respond like champs.”
The Warriors believe Kerr responded like a champ with their self criticism.
“He's a truth dealer. They know we're all in this together,” Brown said. “It's not about ‘They didn't do this and they didn't do that.' There are a lot of coaches that will go down that road. But they feel like he's a part of the success just like he's a part of the failures.”
Kerr joked that they would “much prefer to blame” their players because “it's way more fun to point the finger and not look in the mirror at all.” Kerr also jokingly wondered if their players often blame them for their mistakes. But in all seriousness, their players have offered the same accountability throughout the 2017-18 season.
Thompson critiqued their shooting performance in Game 4, which marked one of several times Thompson criticized themselves after a rare off shooting night. Green has admitted their lack of defensive consistency this season. Durant has faulted their high volume shooting at times and has encouraged teammates to point out offensive and defensive mistakes to him. Warriors guard Stephen Curry has often cast themselves as the most responsible for the team's high volume of turnovers.
“You have to have self awareness as a player and a coach. But you have to have it collectively as a team, too,” Kerr said. “We never blame anybody. It's not about blaming. But if I know you can do a better job, it's my job to let you know. It's your job as a player to accept that and understand it's not personal. That's what I like about our guys. We can coach them and I can point out anything on tape whether it's Kevin or Andre or Steph or Klay. I can point anything out. Guys aren't going to take it personally. We know that's not what it's about. We're trying to win a basketball game.”
The Warriors have won plenty of basketball games. So have the Spurs. While the Warriors have won two NBA championships in the past three years, the Spurs have made the playoffs for 21 consecutive seasons through five title runs. And through those dominant stretches, Brown saw how the self criticism between Spurs general manager R.C. Buford and coach Gregg Popovich along with Kerr and Warriors general manager Bob Myers empowered both organizations' star talent.
“It's not about pointing blame or anything like that or trying to hide deficiencies or areas people didn't step up. It's, ‘How can we better? How can I be better?” said Brown, who served as a Spurs assistant (2000-2003) and consultant (2015). “When you have an organization full of people like that, it usually results in great things.”
Therefore, the Warriors expect great things in Game 5. And if not? Kerr will likely burn an early timeout and break a clipboard to prevent Game 5 from becoming a sequel to Game 4.
“I think our training staff has about four or five clipboards,” Brown said, chuckling, “because they know from past experiences that can happen at any time.”
Follow Bay Area News Group Warriors beat writer Mark Medina on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.
Leave allocation still lags behind the likes of Microsoft and Netflix
CA Technologies is dishing out three months paid leave to men and women during the first 12 months following the birth or adoption of their child.
According to CA, the new parental leave policy, which has already been rolled out in the United States, is now being offered to all staff worldwide.
The minimum 12 weeks leave provide new parents with financial support and greater choice and flexibility in determining how they want to care for their child during the first 12 months, CA said.
Under the policy, staff are eligible for leave if they have 12 months of service at the date the child is born or for adoptive parents, where a child is matched or newly placed with them. Staff can opt for a shorter period of leave if they choose and salaries and benefits will continue to be paid in the normal way, CA said.
Although impressive, CA's parent leave program is a way behind the sabbaticals offered by other global technology players. According to a January article in Recode, salaried staff at Netflix can take up to 12 months leave at full pay after the birth or adopted of their child.
Microsoft and Airbnb offer 22 weeks of paid maternity leave; Twitter and Amazon offer 20 weeks; while Google's Alphabet and Apple offer 18 weeks.
CA said it recognised the dynamics of family life are constantly changing and the family friendly benefits need to adapt accordingly.
“This new parent leave policy will assist to address the challenges faced by working families, providing support and enhancing the overall employee experience,” said Melinda Walsh, vice president, people business partner, Asia-Pacific and Japan at CA Technologies.
“We have a talented team with CA and we know that providing the right level of support during key milestones in their lives will help attract and retain the diverse, experienced workforce we have in Asia Pacific,” they said.
CA said the new policy also reflects its commitment towards promoting work-life balance and an inclusive workforce. It's also part of a talent management strategy to ensure staff have the skills needed for the future of workforce. This includes leadership learning and development, unconscious bias training opportunities, targets for improving gender diversity outcomes, and flexible working.
CA quoted McKinsey research which found that supporting diversity across Asia-Pacific could add US$4.5 trillion into the region's collective annual GDP by 2025, a 12 per cent increase over the ‘business-as-usual' trajectory.
Follow CIO Australia on Twitter and Like us on Facebook… Twitter: @CIO_Australia, Facebook: CIO Australia, or take part in the CIO conversation on LinkedIn: CIO Australia
Follow Byron Connolly on Twitter: @ByronConnolly
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
On Oct. 21, 2016, Tennessee Bureau of Investigation agents began a joint investigation with Hardeman County sheriff's investigators into a double homicide that happened in Toone.
The agents discovered Armour was involved in the double homicide of Joe “Joe Duke” Robertson, 38, and their 13-year-old son, Jarvarrie “Joe Joe” Robertson.
Agents arrested Armour Thursday and charged them with conspiracy to commit first-degree murder and filing a false report. They were held at the Hardeman County Jail.
It's the sixth arrest in connection with the 2016 incident. The five others accused are Andrian Bullock, Damein Hamer, Jeremy Jamer, Marquenton Williams and Erica Beard, who were previously charged and await trial in Hardeman County.
Rules Of Golf
With the news that TV viewers will no longer be able to call in possible rules infractions , we look back at some of the other noteworthy rule changes in golf history.
U.S. comedian Ralphie May has died, aged 45.
The heavyweight stand-up became an overnight sensation after finishing second on TV show Last Comic Standing in 2003.
Since then they have starred in their own TV specials and become a regular performer in New York, Las Vegas and Los Angeles.
They landed their first major residency in Sin City earlier this year, when they took over the stage at Harrah's.
Announcing the big news on their website in December, the excited comic wrote: “I've been doing comedy for almost 28 years and to have a show on the Vegas Strip is a real honor. Harrah's and I are gonna put together a hilarious, no-holds-barred comedy show.
“We wanted it to be a late night, dirty, filthy show where nothing is off limits. With that said, up front, you know me, I'll tell it like it is, Jack! And I'll have no apologies. See you in Vegas. Let's have some laughs then hit the tables.”
Reports suggest May, who was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee, was battling pneumonia when they passed away after suffering a cardiac arrest on Friday.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Over the weekend, hundreds of white supremacists, Neo-Nazis and KKK members gathered in Charlottesville, Virginia. Even before the demonstrations turned violent, people were condemning the rally for spreading hate.
According to the Government Accountability Office, 106 people in 62 incidents have been killed by far right violent extremists in the US between 2000 and 2016.
So, what are the hate groups in the US? Good Question.
“That's a hard question to answer because a lot of people keep their white supremacy activity more secretive,” says University of St. Thomas sociologist Lisa Waldner.
Waldner says these groups have all layers of involvement from being a passive member on the Internet to attending rallies.
According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, there were 917 hate groups in 2016. The largest number was Black Separatist (193), followed by Ku Klux Klan (130), Anti-Muslim (101), White Nationalist (100), General Hate (100), Neo-Nazi (99), Anti-LGBT (52), Racist Skinhead (78), Neo-Confederate (43), and Christian Identity (21).
The SPLC also says the number of hate groups are up from when it started counting in the 1990s, but are down from the high of 1018 in 2011. It says the biggest jump was in the number of reported anti-Muslim groups which went from 34 in 2015 to 101 in 2016.
A map shows the groups are spread all over the US and not just concentrated in the South or rural areas. In Minnesota, the SPLC identifies 10 hate groups, including two black separatists, a Neo-Nazi, a hate music and a KKK group.
The Southern Poverty Law Center has been criticized in the past for having too broad a definition of hate.
“You have to be somewhat cautious at using their labels, but they are a good source of information for just generally understanding what types of groups are out there, where they're located and what types of activity they're engaged in,” says Waldner.
For example, one of the hate groups identified in Minnesota is called the Remnant Newspaper. The SPLC says the radical Catholic group publishes anti-Semitic material. Michael Matt, the head of the organization says it is simply a Roman Catholic newspaper and “denounces and condemns without reservation any and all forms of racism, violence and hatred against anyone for any reason.”
KNOXVILLE, TN- Redshirt junior Diamond DeShields made a huge return to the hardwood in Tennessee's 72-65 win over No. 17/23 Kentucky on Sunday at Thompson-Boling Arena.
After missing the last two games, DeShields scored 21 points on 50 percent (8-of-16) shooting to go along with four rebounds, two assists and a block. Fellow redshirt junior Mercedes Russell compiled another strong outing, scoring 22 points, grabbing nine boards and dishing out three assists with no turnovers in 38 minutes of duty.
Tennessee (9-4, 1-0 SEC) is now 29-6 in SEC openers and improved to 2-2 on the season against ranked opponents.
Junior Jaime Nared scored in double digits for the 10th consecutive game, posting 18 points behind 5-of-10 shooting to go with five rebounds, two assists and a steal. They also are 5-of-6 from the charity stripe, making their last four within the final minutes of the game to ice Tennessee's fifth-straight win.
A trio of players led Kentucky (9-5, 0-1 SEC) in scoring. Taylor Murray finished with 23 points and six rebounds. Evelyn Akhator recorded the contest's only double-double, posting 11 points on 100 percent (5-of-5) shooting and 10 rebounds. Maci Morris finished with 15 points on the day.
The Lady Vols started off hot on offense in the first quarter, hitting five of their first seven shots. DeShields got off to a quick start, dropping 10 points in the stanza as Tennessee took an early 20-14 lead over Kentucky.
The key story line for the second period was Tennessee's ability to hold preseason All-American Makayla Epps scoreless until 1:10 remaining in the first half, when they nailed a pair of free throws. They would finish the half with four points on 1-of-5 shooting. Russell fueled the Lady Vols, totaling 12 points and seven rebounds in the half. UT went into the intermission leading, 36-29.
The two teams played even in the third period. UK used a 6-0 run in the final two minutes to pull back within four, but Russell's dominance continued, as they hit a layup with two seconds left in the quarter to give Tennessee a 52-46 lead at the end of three.
DeShields stepped up big in the final stanza, tallying nine of UT's 20 points in the quarter to seal the game for the Lady Vols. Tennessee improved its series record against the Wildcats to 54-11 all time.
The Lady Vols are on the road for the next game, heading to Nashville to face the Vanderbilt Commodores at Memorial Gym. The game will tip off at 8 p.m. CT (9 ET) and will be televised on SEC Network.
Courtesy: University of Tennessee Athletics
The Morning Blitz with Al Galdi is a fast-moving, high-energy show that covers everything you need to begin your day. Redskins, Nationals, Wizards, Capitals, Terps, Hoyas, Orioles…Galdi covers them all in addition to hitting on the national sports stories that matter to you. Galdi is a DMV-lifer, a huge proponent of analytics and a big fan of old-school hip-hop. They also host The Official Redskins Postgame Show after every Redskins game and Chin Music with Al Galdi on Saturdays from 9am-10am. Tweet him: @AlGaldi
Morning Commute Slows Up Over Snow, Winds ComingMetro Transit reported that, as of 8 a.m., about 41 percent of its buses were delayed. The average delay was about 7 minutes.
Overnight Snow Could Impact Monday Morning CommuteAn early heads up to Twin Cities motorists: Your Monday morning commute could be a bit of a mess.
Despite Cold Streak, DNR Says Stay Off The IceIce dusted in snow makes for a beautiful backdrop in Excelsior bay of Lake Minnetonka, but it does not mean it's safe to walk on.
A New York judge has ordered a drug-addicted mother of four who has worked as a prostitute not to get pregnant again until they have gained custody of their infant son.
Family Court Judge Patricia Gallaher wrote that the order is meant to improve the woman's chances of being rehabilitated and reunited with the boy “without a newer baby making that less likely to happen.”
All of the woman's children are being raised by other people.
“Society and its problems are changing, especially with the incredible rise in the use of heroin, and this court needs to adjust in response instead of doing the same tired routine which does not solve the obvious problems in so many cases,” the Rochester judge wrote in the December order.
The Democrat & Chronicle newspaper first wrote about the case this week.
The order supplemented a finding of neglect against the mother, identified as Brandy F., that set out a plan for them to follow. Monroe County Public Defender Tim Donaher, whose office represents the woman, said Tuesday they are appealing the underlying decision.
Donaher said they could not comment about their client's reaction to the order or whether they would comply with it.
The order includes a promise not to jail the woman if they violate it and becomes pregnant.
Fordham University sociology professor Jeanne Flavin said the order “reflects a profound disregard for the human rights and dignity of pregnant and parenting women.”
“If the courts and our child welfare systems were truly committed to the health and well-being of families, they would ensure people have the supports they need in order to feed, shelter, educate and care for their children in safe environments,” said Flavin, who is on the board of directors of the National Advocates for Pregnant Women, a reproductive justice organization.
Gallaher's order says the infant was born prematurely in July “and exhibited signs of withdrawal almost immediately after their birth.” Two previous children were born addicted to drugs and removed from the mother's care in 2011 and 2014, according to the ruling. A 16-year-old son has been living with their maternal grandmother since 2007 after having access to a hypodermic needle while in their mother's care.
The mother admitted to using crack cocaine, methadone and alcohol while pregnant with their infant son. They also said they had been a prostitute.
Them case is “exactly the kind of case where the respondent neglectful mother should be using birth control,” wrote the judge, who has since retired. They ordered the Department of Human Services to cover any birth control expenses.
The New York Civil Liberties Union is considering assisting with an appeal, the Democrat & Chronicle reported. A call to the Genesee Valley chapter was not immediately returned Tuesday.
The case is similar to a 2004 Monroe County ruling by a judge Gallaher served under as a law clerk. An appeals court eventually removed the no-pregnancy provision in that order, which Gallaher referred to as “cutting edge.” Gallaher said the current opioid epidemic has made such a provision even more urgent today.
“Having no more pregnancies,” they wrote, “should be ordered like the drug treatment, mental health treatment and parenting classes provisions which are boilerplate now.”
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
By John Hudson | Washington Post
SINGAPORE – At an island resort secluded from throngs of international reporters, a top aide to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un met with their American counterpart Wednesday to plan one of the most widely anticipated diplomatic events in a decade.
The meeting in Singapore – one of three bilateral meetings this week aimed at salvaging a summit between Kim and President Donald Trump – dealt purely with logistics but has been shrouded in secrecy.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
Hotel security guards blocked journalists from the premises of the resort off Singapore's southeastern coast, and the White House and the State Department declined to confirm even mundane details, such as meeting dates or participants.
The logistics meeting came amid fresh doubts that Kim and Trump will actually sit down to negotiate the U.S. demand for the complete dismantlement of Pyongyang's nuclear program. Last week, Trump canceled the summit, which had been scheduled for June 12 in Singapore, but days later approved a flurry of new talks in New York, Singapore and the Korean demilitarized zone to explore putting it back on. But on Wednesday, a top South Korean official warned that “significant” differences remain between the two sides on how to achieve denuclearization.
The two teams in Singapore are tasked with working out the logistics of the summit, including venue spaces, transportation, security and group photographs. They face a daunting target date of June 12, and the knowledge that a failed meeting could increase the chances for military confrontation between Washington and Pyongyang.
“We must remember that modern-day summits between two nations are completely scripted affairs – no detail, agenda item or deliverable is left to chance,” said Harry Kazianis, an Asia expert at the Center for the National Interest. “These take months to negotiate, and considering the stakes for North Korea and the United States, the outcome must be determined before the meeting.”
Kim has expressed an unusual degree of interest in the summit's logistics, asking Secretary of State Mike Pompeo during their visit to Pyongyang this month about fuel for the 6,000-mile round-trip flight to Singapore and how many body guards they could bring, according to people familiar with the conversations who were not authorized to discuss sensitive conversations.
Although most logistics teams would be led by a low-level bureaucrat, Kim sent their de facto chief of staff Kim Chang Son, one of the country's most powerful officials, to head the North Korean team. The U.S. team is lead by White House Deputy Chief of Staff Joe Hagin, who has served in every Republican administration since Ronald Reagan's presidency.
On Wednesday afternoon, the two teams met at the luxurious Capella hotel on the island of Sentosa. Some members of the U.S. and North Koreans teams dressed casually in kakis and short sleeve button downs in Singapore's muggy 85 degree heat. The hotel has barred journalists from entering, and a Washington Post reporter was ordered to leave the property after they spoke briefly to the American delegation.
As Hagin entered a meeting with Kim Chang Son, they told The Post that the teams were still discussing the venue for the summit. “We're workin' at it,” they said.
The organizers have plenty of options.
The Shangri-La, a 747-room hotel, has hosted major security conferences for years, including the annual Shangri La Dialogue, which attracts dozens of ministers of defense and state, including top U.S. officials.
The Marina Bay Sands hotel and casino, a massive three-towered property with a giant swimming pool atop it, could appeal to Trump's Vegas-style sensibilities, but also poses a conflict of interest. The resort is owned by a company chaired by Sheldon Adelson, one of Trump's biggest political donors, a prospect that could make it more or less appealing.
“Do you help your largest donor or avoid the swamp effect of doing so?” said Douglas Paal, an Asia expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.
Singapore, as a destination for the summit, has benefits and drawbacks. It's viewed as a neutral city because the island has a long-standing trade and investment ties with the United States and has sustained a diplomatic relationship with North Korea since 1975 while other countries have severed ties. But it won't offer the type of familiarity that benefited the meeting last month between South Korean President Moon Jae-in and Kim on the two country's border.
“The South Koreans literally did a dress rehearsal for April 27 at Panmunjom together with North Korean officials a couple of days prior to the event, but that is presumably not an option in Singapore, so there is a lot of stage direction and protocol that will have to be worked through to satisfy both sides,” said Scott Snyder, an Asia expert at the Council on Foreign Relations. “They will have to agree on a minute-by-minute ticktock outlining the course of the entire encounter, including security, media and logistics.”
In advance of the summit, foreign journalists have flocked to Singapore to track every aspect of the summit planning. On Monday, when Caucasian men in suits began walking around Shangri-La hotel, South Korea's Yonhap News Agency speculated in a story that the “Western-style” men could be the American team surveying a potential summit location, though such sightings are hardly rare in an international city like Singapore.
A journalist with the South Korean broadcaster Channel A, Seungjin Ryu, said they spent six hours in the hot weather on Tuesday, without a toilet or food break, waiting for a glimpse of the North Korean delegation outside the Fullerton hotel.
“We gave up around 1 a.m. and got McDonald's,” they said. “This has been tiring and confusing because of the lack of clear information from the two delegations.”
Meanwhile, a separate team of U.S. and North Korean negotiators in the Korean demilitarized zone appears to have hit obstacles following a four-hour meeting on Wednesday. That group is focused on the substance of the negotiations should a Trump-Kim summit happen, but South Korean Unification Minister Cho Myoung-gyon said the different positions of Washington and Pyongyang “remain quite significant.”
“It will not be easy to narrow the gap and find common ground, but I think it would not be impossible,” they said during an address in Seoul.
The discussions are expected to resume as a separate meeting is set to take place this week between Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and North Korean official Kim Yong Chol.
Both levels of negotiations between U.S. and North Korean officials are aimed at closing the gap on the issue of North Korea's nuclear weapons program ahead of the potential June 12 summit.
Cho said they remain hopeful for the meeting between Pompeo and Kim Yong Chol, slated to take place later this week.
Related Articles Fed rolls back rules aimed at preventing risky bank bets
Exercise-averse Trump lauds children's fitness
Betsy DeVos' student debt relief plan put on hold
The East Germans split up families, too. It caused lifelong trauma.
Top N. Korean official arrives at Beijing airport on way to NY “Now that the leaders of the two countries are engaging in talks in a top-down manner, I think the chances are high that common ground can be found,” they said.
The Washington Post's Michelle Ye Hee Lee in Seoul contributed to this report.
Narrowbody aircraft are dominating deliveries in North America during 2018, with Boeing 737s leading the charge. The region's leading operator of 737s, Southwest, is adding more new generation 737 MAX jets in 2018, and recently exercised options for 40 additional MAX 8 narrowbodies.
Frontier Airlines remains the largest A320neo family operator in North America, operating 17 aircraft. Some airlines have pushed back deliveries of the jets due to engine problems that airlines endured in 2017.
But Frontier and Alaska Air Group are accepting delivery of A320neo family jets in 2018, and Frontier is set to become the largest A320neo operator in North America, based on aircraft orders.
Most of North America's largest airlines have settled on their preferred fleet compositions for the next few years, with the exception of American Airlines' order for 22 A350 narrowbodies. The airline is exploring options for that portion of its widebody fleet, but does not feel any rush to make a definitive decision.
Don't expect any love ballads when Exco Levi takes the stage at TD Sunfest.
No, the five-time Juno Award-winning raggae artist who will be making their first trip to London with their band wants to make you happy — and make you think about the world.
“I don't sing about girls and cars, I sing about the truth, the only thing that can set us free,” said the Jamaica-born artist who has called Toronto home since 2005.
“I like to stay positive, the music is uplifting but it's very important to sing music that speaks to the issues. That's how you awaken people. Music awakens the sleeping consciousness of the people.”
The 24th annual free festival of world music and jazz is expected to draw in excess of 220,000 visitors to Victoria Park Thursday through Sunday in a celebration of art, music and culture. It features 21 international acts and 14 Canadian-based artists performing on five stages.
Headliners for the festival on the main bandshell stage include Malian singer and guitarist Sidi Toure (Thursday), the East Los Angeles Afro-Mexican bridge builders Las Cafeteras (Friday), the Brazilian transgender band Liniker e os Caramelows (Saturday) and the 15-piece Alain Perez y Su Orquestra salsa band from Cuba (Sunday).
Among the Canadian performers are Exco; Kobo Town, winners of this year's Juno for world music; Laila Biali; Briga; Newfoundland's Ouroboros; London's own Eagle Flight Singers, winners of this year's Jack Richardson London Music Award for world music; Sunfest regulars Five Alarm Funk; Samba Squad; and Mr. Sunfest, roots reggae star Lazo — making their 23rd consecutive appearance.
IF YOU GO What: TD Sunfest, featuring 36 world music and jazz artists from across Canada and around the world. When: July 5-8. Where: Victoria Park. Admission: Free, but donations welcomed. Visit the website sunfest.on.ca for more information about the festival and performers
There's a special emphasis on music of the Caribbean with the Roots, Riddims & Reggae program (with funding from the province) brought in as a show of support to the region devastated by hurricanes last year. Besides Exco, Lazo, Kobo Town (representing Trinidad) and Alain Pérez, there are also two all-female ensembles: the nine-member Artiz from Haiti and seven-member Morena Son from Cuba.
Of the 22 international acts, it is Brazil's Liniker e os Caramelows who TD Sunfest artistic director Alfredo Caxaj is most excited about.
“They are coming here directly from playing at the FIFA World Cup in Russia, for their first performance ever in Canada,” said Caxaj.
“I'm not sure we'll ever be able to afford them again, they're becoming so popular all over the world. They're just fantastic musicians.”
The added Caribbean flavor, said Caxaj, gives Londoners a chance to experience and enjoy “the cutlure and, especially, the music and how richly diverse these countries are” noting the all-female Haitian group Artiz should get a lot of attention with their unique sound.
Meanwhile, Caxaj urged fans to also check out the Canadian bands, such as Kobo Town, for their original sounds.
“When all of these artists make Canada their new home, they all begin to introduce other cultures into their music, which makes their music so unique and a truly Canadian product,” Caxaj said.
“This shows us all the versatility and the beauty of living in Canada, one of the most culturally diverse countries in the world.”
A major addition to the festival this year is the TD Sunfest Craft Beer Shade Garden in the middle of the park. It will give festival fans a place to “enjoy a beer in an intimate setting where they charge their cell phones and get access to the Internet,” organizers say.
Exco has won the Juno for reggae recording of the year in five of the last six years for the songs Bleaching Shop (2012), Storms of Life (2013), Strive (2014), Welcome The King (2015) and Siren (2017). They were nominated in the same category for Hello Mama in 2016.
Exco's performed regularly in the Toronto area, throughout Europe, in Dubai and even in Zimbabwe and Malawi — but never London's TD Sunfest, one of the most popular world music festivals in the country.
They will headline the Breweries stage in the beer garden at 10 p.m. Thursday, then shift to the main stage Friday at 6:15 p.m.
Despite their Brampton base, their national and international travels, Exco remains a relatively unknown commodity, partly due to the reggae genre's lack of radio support, but also a practical issue.
“Since I came to Canada (in 2005), I have yet to have a booking agent,” said Exco, the stage name they use in honour of Colombian soccer star Andrés Escobar, who was murdered after the 1994 World Cup, allegedly for accidentally scoring on their own team in a 2-1 loss to the U.S.
“Every show we've done is by contacting a promoter or festival in an email or a telephone call. No one has ever approached me.”
Caxaj said Sunfest is “delighted to have them for the first time.”
“We think Sunfest is a perfect venue for them to play and I'm really looking forward to it,” Caxaj said. “We wanted to give people a wide radius of Caribbean music and we're excited about Exco.”
In additional to Exco's own music, the 38-year-old father of three operates their own recording studio and maintains a small trucking/delivery company.
Exco's music – with heavy influenced by legendary reggae artists Bob Marley, Peter Tush and Jimmy Cliff – speaks about their life, what they see, spiritualism and often with commentary on issues such as gun violence and crime in the song Siren or the lightening of dark skin in the song Bleaching Shop.
Exco said the violence in their Jamaican homeland is troubling, much of it caused by rival gangs according to police.
“I feel bad, but sometimes you have circumstances where people who are suffering with nothing turn to fighting each other and they're going to take their neighbours on,” said Exco.
On the other hand, Exco said he's delighted living in Canada where “the love my music receives from the people is more than in Jamaica.” He's especially happy that Sunfest will focus attention on Caribbean music this year.
“That is very great,” Exco said. “A lot of Caribbean people have migrated to Canada and we've been able to play our music, cook our own food. Canada is so welcoming, That's the beauty of Canadians, they always support the Caribbean people.”
Exco said they plan to stay in London for most of the festival, not just to perform “but getting to know the people” and check out the international musical acts.
“You tell London people they don't want to miss this show,” Exco said. “This is the first time performing with my full band and we have something very special planned.”
jbelanger@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/JoeBatLFPress
A speedy new tickets sales system to help people buy easier and faster at SIV venues - including Sheffield Arena - was outlined today as part of major plans to increase business and boost the city's economy.
SIV, formerly known as Sheffield International Venues, manages or operates many of the biggest entertainment and sports venues in the city, also including Sheffield City Hall, Ponds Forge, the English Institute of Sport and iceSheffield - plus Whitby Pavilion and Scarborough Spa.
It gets more than 1 million customers through its doors every year to over 1,500 major sport, business and entertainment events.
Dominic Stokes, who has just been promoted to SIV's Head of Entertainment and Events, responsible for the strategic and commercial direction of its entertainment venues, SIV Tickets and SIV Events, is now aiming to add another 100,000 customers and 200 events every year.
They believe that's possible by tapping into the 'diverse wealth of staff expertise, creativity and experience within the venues' and by making it easier and faster to buy tickets.
It follows the announcement of an ‘extensive business review' by the new chairperson of the Sheffield City Trust - David Grey MBE - to ‘market test' all 17 of the services run by its operating arm SIV.
Dominic Stokes is SIV's new Head of Entertainment and Events
The trust, which has a charitable aim to boost health and wellbeing, hopes the exercise will prove it should continue to deliver services directly.
In an exclusive chat - watch the interview here online - Mr Stokes told us: "Essentially we have created a family of entertainment venues. We have over 1 million people come through the doors of those buildings and have 1,500 events.
"By bringing them together we are going to utilise all the skills that each of those individual venues have and put it towards the division. We want to bring more people in to the city and our venues and bring more events. Hopefully everyone will benefit.
"I don't think it's beyond our reach of increasing that by 10 per cent in both of them - let's add 100,000 people and 200 events on to that 1,500 and see where we go from there.
SIV is the operating arm of Sheffield City Trust - with 17 facilities including Sheffield Arena, Sheffield City Hall and the English Institute of Sport.
"We have looked at an number of things. Initially I want to increase what we do with our ticketing service. We need to make it much easier and quicker to buy tickets.
"We have some fantastic events across the portfolio of venues and if people can buy the tickets quickly and efficiently, that's the start for us."
They added: “There are a number of really exciting opportunities available to us in this new structure. We will be able to bring together the community & commercial elements of SIV's fantastic events business and combine the incredibly diverse wealth of staff expertise, creativity and experience within this family of entertainment and events. This will undoubtedly enable us to grow the number of events we successfully host and deliver as well as increasing the number of customers, client and partners attending or taking part in these events."
Since 2010, the SIV Events team has helped support and build Sheffield's reputation as a premier destination for international and national conferences and business events.
SIV venues include Whitby Pavilion and The Spa is Scarborough.
Recent sporting events have included the Special Olympics Great Britain's National Summer Games, the BUCS Nationals, British Swimming's Swimming Championships and Summer Nationals. It also plays host at Sheffield Arena to the city's dominant ice hockey team, the Sheffield Steelers.
The 17 facilities it operates, employing around 1,200 staff, includes English Institute of Sport Sheffield, Hillsborough Leisure Centre, iceSheffield, Sheffield Arena, Ponds Forge International Sports Centre, Sheffield City Hall, The Spa, Scarborough, Whitby Pavilion, Tapton Park Golf Course, Westfield Sports Centre, Beauchief Golf Course, Birley Wood Golf Course, Concord Sports Centre, Heeley Swimming Baths, Springs Leisure Centre and Tinsley Golf Course.
Mr Stokes joined Sheffield City Trust in 2005, originally as the General Manager of Sheffield City Hall, and then subsequently taking on the role as Head of SIV Events and then Head of SIV Events and Pond Forge.
Their new role follows the recent appointment of Joe Waldron as the new Sheffield Arena General Manager.
Steve Brailey, chief executive of SIV, retires at the end of the month and will be replaced by Andrew Snelling, currently SIV's deputy chief executive.
Dundee United's decision-making cost them the chance to move into second spot in the Championship according to boss Ray McKinnon as their side were held to a stalemate by Ayr.
Despite letting the opportunity to move above Falkirk slip, the Tannadice gaffer saw plenty of positives in their team's performance.
After the Bairns had been held by St Mirren, playing later than the rest of the division gave United the chance to put themselves in the driving seat for that coveted second place.
To do so they needed victory over an Ayr side who had found themselves four points adrift at the bottom going into the match.
However, the Tangerines missed that chance after a host of opportunities went begging at a Somerset Park hit by all four seasons during the 90 minutes.
The United boss said: “It was one of those flat games to begin with.
“We had two or three really good chances in the first half and were in good areas to pull the trigger and didn't do it.
“That probably cost us, the decision making, but I can't fault the guys.
“They gave everything in blustery conditions.
“They tried to win the game, they gave everything to try to win it but some days it's just not going to happen for you.
“There were a lot of positives, the only downside is we didn't get the three points we were looking for.”
In grabbing that point, though, United sealed their place in the end-of-season play-offs with three matches to spare.
“The message at the start of the season when we were rebuilding the club was to finish in the play-offs at least,” added McKinnon.
“We wanted to try to give ourselves the best chance of promotion, so we've achieved that and now we'll try to finish second.”
For Ayr United, that point kept them within touching distance of the sides above them but the Honest Men are still everyone's favourite to fall through the relegation trapdoor.
Ayr boss Ian McCall said: “The first half was scrappy and it was a tough day for football but in the second half we really penned them in at times.
“They were always dangerous with the forwards they've got but to hit the bar twice in the last 30 seconds was tough to take.
“I felt our second-half performance merited three points but I said to the players to keep their heads up because that point might be important.”
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
AOL announced today that their instant messenger service is shutting down for good. Effective December 17, 2015, you will no longer be able to use the service.
All good things come to an end. On Dec 15, we'll bid farewell to AIM. Thank you to all our users! #AIMemories https://t.co/b6cjR2tSuU pic.twitter.com/V09Fl7EPMx — AIM (@aim) October 6, 2017
On the company's FAQ page, it's stated that you will still be able to use your @aim email address as you normally would. Nothing will change with the use of the email address, only the AIM messenger servers will be shut down.
In a statement on why the company chose to shut down the chat service, the company stated that they would like to focus on new products.
We know there are so many loyal fans who have used AIM for decades; and we loved working and building the first chat app of its kind since 1997. Our focus will always be on providing the kind of innovative experiences consumers want. We're more excited than ever to focus on building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products.
In a statement released on tumblr by Michael Albers, the VP of Communications Product at Oath, the company reminisced on old times while looking forward to new ones.
If you were a 90's kid, chances are there was a point in time when AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) was a huge part of your life. You likely remember the CD, your first screenname, your carefully curated away messages, and how you organized your buddy lists. Right now you might be reminiscing about how you had to compete for time on the home computer in order to chat with friends outside of school. You might also remember how characters throughout pop culture from “You've Got Mail” to “Sex and the City” used AIM to help navigate their relationships. In the late 1990's, the world had never seen anything like it. And it captivated all of us.
All your data associated with AIM will be deleted on December 15, 2017. This will include your Buddy List from chat and any files that were uploaded through the services.
If you'd like to save your chat history, you'll have to save them before December 15 as well.
A new survey asked people what clothes they HATE the most. And here is the VERY judgmental top 10...
1. Speedos. 69% of people have an "unfavorable" opinion of them.
2. Leather pants, 63%.
3. Crocs, 59%.
4. Bell bottoms, 57%.
5. Clothes with elbow patches, 54%.
6. Tracksuits, 52%.
7. Bright red pants, 51%.
8. Uggs, 51%.
9. Sweater vests, 49%.
10. Deep V-neck t-shirts, 49%.
Click Here to read more.
ARMS overcome EISS to win E'BO final
Anna Regina Multilateral School overcame Essequibo Islands Secondary School of Wakenaam by 50 runs to win the final of the Essequibo zone of the Guyana Cricket Board inter schools cricket competition.
Batting first, Anna Regina Multilateral posted 75 without loss with Tamesh Lall scoring 38 not out and Sheldon Charles 31. Essequibo Islands Secondary responded with 25-5; Badesh Parsotam claimed 2-2 and Lance Roberts 1-14.
Kolt Kyler, a 9-year-old Cubs fan from Pierceton, Ind., had never been to Wrigley Field, but after a tremendous surprise from their parents, that's about to change.
Kyler's sister, Hannah Himes, tweeted a video this weekend of Kyler working on their family farm. About 30 seconds into the video, Kyler's dad brings up a daylong chore that they have for their son. Without even knowing what it is, Kyler already agreed to it. Then, their dad handed them an envelope.
Surprised with @Cubs tickets for working hard at school, on the farm, and on the baseball field ⚾️ They may or may not be their biggest fan! pic.twitter.com/EVsufB5cSF — Hannah Himes (@HannahHimes) April 16, 2017
Kyler opened the envelope to discover Cubs tickets, and they immediately broke down in tears and hugged their dad. He's going to Wrigley Field.
Himes told Yahoo! Sports:
“His work ethic is amazing,” Hannah says of their little brother. “He's been carrying around a bat, ball, and glove since they could walk.”
Let's hope they enjoy their first Wrigley Field experience.
Garden dream that is!
This is your chance to enter to win a $500 Gift Card to Springwater Garden Center!
Fill out the form below and tell us what it is that has your home dreaming of Spring!
New trees? New Flowers? Re-do the front walkway?
” Make a great personal statement of your home with flowers, plants and garden art that reflects your style” -Springwater Garden Center
Prize Disclaimer
Kool FM General Rules & Regulations Apply
Prize to be accepted as awarded – has no cash value
Does not include delivery fees for items purchased, cannot be applied to previous purchases
Federal regulators clamped down on an “initial coin offering” from a restaurant review app, saying the company failed to register its digital coins as securities.
In a move that signals how the Securities and Exchange Commission aims to police a recent deluge of so-called ICOs of bitcoin-like cryptocurrencies, the SEC stopped a Yelp-like app called Munchee Inc. from offering its own digital tokens, forcing it to return the cash it had raised to investors.
Munchee, which was raising $15 million in order to make improvements to its app, violated securities laws by promising that the bitcoin-like tokens would appreciate in value, and investors could get rich off them instead of marketing them as a currency for buying its services, the SEC said in a settlement announced Monday.
“199% GAINS on MUN token at ICO price! Sign up for PRE-SALE NOW!” the company wrote in a Facebook post, according to the SEC's suit.
Munchee also linked to a video that featured a person saying, “Munchee is a crazy ICO. If you don't know what an ICO is, it is called an initial coin offering. Pretty much, if you get into it early enough, you'll probably most likely get a return on it.”
The SEC's clampdown strikes at the heart of a legal theory that had allowed ICOs to explode in popularity this year, raising more than $3.6 billion through November — more than four times what they'd raised last year.
Previously, companies that issued their own cryptocurrencies argued that they weren't subject to securities laws if their tokens were more useful as a utility, where investors bought the right to use a service.
“We will continue to scrutinize the market vigilantly for improper offerings that seek to sell securities to the general public without the required registration or exemption,” Stephanie Avakian, the SEC's co-director of enforcement, said in a statement.
The action on Monday shows that the SEC is “expanding” how it will enforce securities laws for the cryptocoins, Gary DeWaal, special counsel at Katten Muchin Rosenman, told The Post.
“Something that is basically being marketed as a thing that will increase in value and give you your money that way, that is something [the SEC] will exercise jurisdiction over,” they said.
Other crypto experts predicted that a broader crackdown could be coming.
“We will see SEC provide more guidance by enforcement,” Marco Santori, a partner at Cooley who helped pioneer the ICO as utility argument, wrote on Twitter.
“Thankfully, the agency continues to exercise its discretion and treat these as ‘teachable moments' for those, like Munchee, who are not actually bad actors.”
Scott Brown, Vancouver Sun Aug 14, 2017
VANCOUVER - A stunt woman has died following a motorcycle accident on the set of Deadpool 2 in downtown Vancouver.
The accident occurred just after 8 a.m. on Monday.
Witnesses say the woman was filming a stunt when they lost control of their bike, jumped a curb and crashed into Shaw Tower across from Canada Place.
They were treated by ambulance personnel but police say they died at the scene.
Them name has not been released.
Deadpool star Ryan Reynolds expressed their condolences to their crew member's family and friends.
Deadpool star Ryan Reynolds expressed their condolences for the death of their crew member.
Were heartbroken, shocked and devastated... but recognize nothing can come close to the grief and inexplicable pain their family and loved ones must feel in this moment," wrote Reynolds on social media. "My heart pours out to them...."
Deadline.com reports that the stunt driver, who was not wearing a helmet, was a motocross rider who was doing their first film as a stunt performer.
"We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of Deadpool 2this morning," 20th Century Fox spokesperson told Deadline. "Our hearts and prayers are with the family, friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time."
A motorcycle remains on the ground in front of a shattered-out glass window at the back of Shaw Tower. Vancouver police have taped off the area.
Stunt gone wrong at Canada place. Motorcycle stunt driver went into Starbucks. Non responsive. @WhatsFilming pic.twitter.com/TaB4yThBOh — JerFree (@jerfree) August 14, 2017
WorkSafeBC says they have five officers investigating.
Two officers are investigating to see if there are any immediate health or safety concerns, while three other officers are investigating the cause of the fatality and future prevention, said WorkSafeBC spokesperson Trish Knight Chernecki.
Findings on any immediate health or safety concerns could be available within several days, while the investigation on the cause usually takes longer, said Chernecki.
Sharmina Kermalli said they had just walked into a Starbucks next door to where the accident happened when they heard a loud crash.
They ran out of the coffee shop and saw a woman lying with their body inside and their head outside the building.
Glass was still falling on the woman, Kermalli said.
I was thinking, what if I was just five seconds (later), they said, explaining that they had just walked by the spot where the crash happened.
Allan Webber was among those who came to the accident scene to watch as investigators assessed the scene then uprighted the stunt bike with its crumpled front tire.
"It's like a cursed corner," Webber said of the area, noting that just the day before the crash, one man died and two were injured in a bus accident down the street, and in 2013, actor Cory Monteith died in a neighbouring hotel.
Webber said they had previously watched the stuntwoman successfully complete a ride down Thurlow Street.
Nathan Kramchynski works on the seventh floor of the Shaw Tower and said they had been watching rehearsals of the stunt at the Vancouver Convention Centre.
The stunt woman had been riding the motorcycle down a set of stairs from the convention centre and stopped when they reached the street, they said.
When the accident happened, the driver appeared to pick up speed, crossed the street and swerved to avoid pedestrians before disappearing from their view, said Kramchynski.
She lost control really quickly. It happened in a split second, they said. She was going full throttle and then theres a building there.
They said a fire truck and police cars arrived instantly.
The response was actually incredible, they said.
The ambulance remained at the scene for about 15 or 20 minutes before leaving, they added.
According to Global News, whose TV crew witnessed the accident, the rider successfully completed the stunt four times but on the fifth try they encountered trouble with the throttle and lost control of the bike.
Deadpool 2, the sequel to the 2016 Marvel Comics blockbuster from 20th Century Fox starring Vancouver actor Ryan Reynolds, has been shooting in Vancouver since June 26. The film crew closed down downtown streets last week to film sequences involving motorcycles and scooters.
Domino, a female character played by actor Zazie Beetz, was spotted riding a black Ducati motorcycle down Hastings Street. It was the same model of motorcycle involved in Monday's accident.
Jason Cameron, a business agent with the Union of B.C. Performers said its not known if the stunt woman was one of their members.
The UBCP represents 6,000 people who work as actors, stunt performers, singers, and voice actors.
Were waiting for more information to come in. We would have had members on set, said Cameron.
They said a union representative headed out to the set after hearing news of the accident. Trauma counselling will be available, they said.
Cameron said despite todays tragic accident, performing stunts is very safe.
The nature of stunt performing is it is very dangerous but we are also talking about skilled and trained stunt performers who perform these very dangerous stunts in a safe way, they said.
These very complicated sequences and stunts happen on film sets all the time. (Accidents are) pretty rare considering how often stunts like this are performed. Its exceedingly rare which is a test to the skill level.
Cameron said Deadpool 2 is a stunt-heavy production.
It's not the first tragedy to hit the B.C. film industry.
In 1998, local stuntman Marc Akerstream was killed when they were struck in the head by a piece of flying debris while observing an explosion on the Squamish set of the TV show The Crow: Stairway to Heaven.
Two years earlier in Squamish, 32-year-old Vancouver stuntman Keith Perepelkin died on the set of the movie Firestorm, after their parachute failed to open during a jump from a helicopter.
Last month in Atlanta, stuntman John Bernecker died on the set of The Walking Dead after they fell head-first onto concrete instead of on padding meant to cushion their roughly 7-metre fall from a balcony. Their death was believed to be the first stunt-related fatality on U.S. soil in 20 years.
Meanwhile, in May of 2016, Hollywood actor Dylan O'Brien suffered a concussion and multiple facial fractures after a stunt went wrong on the set of Maze Runner: The Death Cure in Cache Creek.
WorkSafeBC put the blame for O'Brien's injuries squarely on 20th Century Fox, saying the production company "failed to ensure the safety of workers on the Maze Runner set.
Monday's crash occurred just metres away from the site of Sunday's fatal bus accident. A charter tour bus loaded with passengers hit three people  killing one and injuring two others  on Canada Place Way, between the Convention Centre and Canada Place.
Deadpool 2 is scheduled to be released in theatres on June 1, 2018.
With files from Gord Hoekstra, Matt Robinson, The Canadian Press and The Associated Press
sbrown@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/Browniescott
Antonio Sabàto Jr.'s estranged wife claims he's on drugs The former "General Hospital" star denied the claims and is seeking joint custody of 6-year-old son Antonio.
Dancing without many 'Stars' You're not the only ones asking, “Who?” ABC on Thursday announced its roster of contestants for the upcoming 19th season of “Dancing With the Stars” — including unfamiliar names Sadie...
By KENNETH DEL VECCHIO
The FISA Memo propounded by Rep. Devin Nunes (R – CA) birthed an awakening of civil liberties violations that had been largely tucked away in an isolated corner of America's hallowed criminal justice system. Criminal defense lawyers and activists of varied stripes had never relented in the struggle to prohibit the government from its intrusions upon citizens' constitutional rights. Battles in the courts had persistently raged over unreasonable searches and seizures, illegal wiretapping and other illicit surveillance, and spicy incantations of privacy invasions by law enforcement officers. The public, however, had not heard all that much about it in recent years. And, more so, law enforcement had become emboldened, to a far greater degree than the historical “usual”, to usurp Americans' civil liberties.
The bad cops were engaging in troubling conduct. And, largely, they had been getting away with it. A secret court, such as the FISA court, allowed the police misconduct to run more rampant in cases that purportedly involved matters of national security and allegedly illegal dealings with foreign governments. The pervasive civil liberties violations in recent years, however, have not been limited to the clandestine FISA Court. These unlawful acts of surveillance have occurred across the board, by law enforcement officials at every level.
But the illegal surveillance was not unknown – nor ignored – by the good guys in the law enforcement business.
What many of the bad guys did not know is this: the good guys have been surveilling them – and their misconduct.
There are two types of illegal wiretapping of phones, home/office/automobile bugging, email and computer hacking, etc. Those where a warrant for the surveillance is actually procured by law enforcement, but it is not grounded in probable cause. And those where no warrant is obtained, and the police are simply surveilling subjects with no judicial supervision at all. The former unsavory conduct is the method that occurred in the Carter Page case (the subject of the FISA Memo). In February, I wrote and published an article in Empire State News – The Spies, Secret Courts and Many Dangers Revealed by the FISA Memo – which thoroughly explains the legal shortcomings in the warrant application submitted by the FBI/DOJ in the Page matter and, thus, why the surveillance of Page was unlawful; there was absolutely no probable cause for the warrant. That article further examines whether or not there was criminal conduct perpetrated by any of the parties involved in that particular case.
In a matter where the court has been misled by law enforcement, only those lawbreaking officers will be subject to punishment for purposely and falsely generating probable cause. Where judges are in on the unlawful “findings” of probable cause, they too can face penalties for the civil liberties violations. The cases where law enforcement take it upon themselves to illegally surveil people (without ever even going to a court) obviously only subjects those officers to punishment.
Today's climate, via the “revelations” from the FISA Memo, has put both illicit police and judges in jeopardy of firings and criminal prosecution. With the cat out of the bag so publicly, the tireless work of the criminal defense lawyers and activists is now being aided by elected officials, media, and the courts and law enforcement themselves. It is true that all of these parties have, in past years, been players in righting the wrongs of constitutional invasions, but now they will be doing it at a higher degree because of the outcry flowing from the FISA Memo.
And this brings us back to the good law enforcement officers who have long been monitoring the bad law enforcement officers. A fundamental reality in law enforcement is that there are competing agencies. Also, within large (and even smaller) agencies, there are people competing with each other. More so, like in every profession, there are good and honest individuals – and there are evil ones. The good ones are watching the bad ones. The bad ones, so often overly-consumed with their power posts, in layperson's terms, get wildly carried away with themselves. They think that the law doesn't apply to them, they falsely believe that they are immune to prosecution, and they arrogantly believe that they will never get caught. What some don't know, is that they are already caught—but they may or may not be punished for it.
I am fully aware of – and have been directly told by some of the good guys – that illegal surveillance has been perpetrated by some of the bad guys, in matters quite personal to me.
I have previously stated in another article, “There's constant secret surveillance going on. One law enforcement agency is doing improper surveillance. I know about it. And so I go to another top law enforcement agency who knows about the illicit surveillance. They tell me that they're monitoring it and if it gets to a certain level, they will stop those who are engaging in the illicit surveillance, and they will be penalized. Same thing for non-public unlawful investigations that are occurring.”
If the surveillance crosses into a certain level of illegal activity – meaning where any unlawful charges are filed (or the surveillance is persistent) – then the officials involved with the illegal surveillance/unlawful charges will not only lose their jobs, but they themselves will be prosecuted. If that line is not crossed, however, they will not face any punishment. And I can accept that.
In the past, I have been criticized by a few journalists/lawyers/activists for accepting this. I've been asked that if I really have a Libertarian-type outlook, how can I accept this? And my response was:
“In these circumstances, I let that top law enforcement agency handle it because, in the end, I will be protected. They have their reasons to jump in when they determine. And if the illicit surveillance and non-public investigations stop, then the issue is remedied. If they don't stop, eventually they'll get fired and prosecuted, and I'm protected.”
The truth is that it would cause the good law enforcement officers serious detriment if they came forward when illegal surveillance and illicit investigations are at, what they deem, a lower level. If they out themselves over the “lower level” occurrences, they would compromise their own surveillance of the bad law enforcement officers. And they would suffer other internal conflicts. So, I believe, in the balancing test, justice is preserved by the good guys coming forward – and securing punishment against the bad guys – upon them crossing that line into the “higher level” acts of misconduct (i.e., unlawful charges or persistent illegal surveillance).
So, in my personal matters, I have been – and am – content. If that line is crossed, the arrogant, illicit actors will have the shock of being terminated from their abusive positions of power and thereafter be the ones criminally prosecuted. And if they never cross that certain line, they escape penalty. So be it: it is the will of the good guys, who have conflicting duties – and I have to respect that because they have been gracious enough to alert me of the ill and, more so, ensure my protection (and the punishment of the wrongdoers) if that line is crossed.
And now, with the FISA Memo and the shakeup it has caused, in other matters where the line has been crossed, a more proactive approach will be taken: wherein the proper parties will more often be vindicated—and the improper parties will more often be punished.
Kenneth Del Vecchio, ESN publisher and editor-in-chief, is the author of some of the nation's best-selling legal books, including a series of criminal codebooks published by Pearson Education/Prentice Hall and ALM/New Jersey & New York Law Journal Books.  They are a former judge, a former prosecutor and a practicing criminal/entertainment attorney for 23 years, wherein they have tried over 400 cases. Mr. Del Vecchio is also an acclaimed filmmaker who has written, produced and directed over 30 movies that star 100+ film and TV stars, including several Academy Award and Emmy winners and nominees. Their films are distributed through industry leaders such as Sony Pictures, NBCUniversal, Cinedigm, and E-1 Entertainment. They have starred in numerous movies, as well. A best-selling political thriller novelist, they penned their first published novel at only 24-years-old. Additionally, Mr. Del Vecchio is the founder and chairperson of Hoboken International Film Festival, called by FOX, Time Warner, and other major media “One of the 10 Biggest Film Festivals in the World.” A frequent legal and political analyst on networks such as Fox News Channel, Mr. Del Vecchio formerly served as the publisher and editorial page editor for a New Jersey daily newspaper.
COMMENTS DISABLED BY SITE.
YOU MAY, HOWEVER, COMMENT THROUGH FACEBOOK.
IMAGE: CNS photo/Bob Roller
By Carol Glatz
VATICAN CITY (CNS) — To involve young people in preparations for the Synod of Bishops on youth in 2018, the Vatican has released an online questionnaire to better understand the lives, attitudes and concerns of 16- to 29-year-olds around the world.
The questionnaire — available in English, Spanish, French and Italian — can be found on the synod's official site: youth.synod2018.va/content/synod2018/it.html and is open to any young person, regardless of faith or religious belief.
The general secretariat of the synod launched the website June 14 to share information about the October 2018 synod on “Young people, faith and vocational discernment” and to link to an online, anonymous survey asking young people about their lives and expectations.
The answers to the questionnaire, along with contributions from bishops, bishops' conferences and other church bodies, “will provide the basis for the drafting of the ‘instrumentum laboris,'” or working document for the assembly, synod officials said in January.
Young people from all backgrounds are encouraged to take part in the questionnaire because every young person has “the right to be accompanied without exclusion,” synod officials had said.
The list of 53 mostly multiple-choice questions is divided into seven sections: general personal information; attitudes and opinions about oneself and the world; influences and relationships; life choices; religion, faith and the church; internet use; and two final, open-ended questions. The write-in questions are an invitation to describe a positive example of how the Catholic Church can “accompany young people in their choices, which give value and fulfillment in life” and to say something about oneself that hasn't been asked in the questionnaire.
Other questions ask about living arrangements; self-image; the best age to leave home and have a family; opinions about education and work; measures of success; sources of positive influence; level of confidence in public and private institutions; and political or social activism.
The section on faith looks at the importance of religion in one's life and asks, “Who Jesus is for you?” That question provides 16 choices to choose from, including “the savior,” “an adversary to be fought,” “an invention” and “someone who loves me.” It also asks which topics — promoting peace, defending human life, evangelization, defending truth, the environment — are the most urgent for the church to address.
The Vatican's preparation for a synod generally includes developing a questionnaire and soliciting input from bishops' conferences, dioceses and religious orders. This is the first time the Vatican's synod organizing body put a questionnaire online and sought direct input from the public.
A synod's preparatory phase seeks to consult of “the entire people of God” to better understand young people's different situations as synod officials draft the working document. The synod on youth will be looking for ways the church can best and most effectively evangelize young people and help them make life choices corresponding to God's plan and the good of the person.
– – –
Copyright © 2017 Catholic News Service/U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. www.catholicnews.com. All rights reserved. Republishing or redistributing of CNS content, including by framing or similar means without prior permission, is prohibited. You may link to stories on our public site. This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To request permission for republishing or redistributing of CNS content, please contact permissions at cns@catholicnews.com.
More than semantics
With regard to “End ‘occupation'” (Editorial, April 23), why is there a blind spot in the minds of our politicians and media when it comes to the League of Nations and United Nations Mandate for Palestine?
What if the Chargers just embraced having fans not show up for games? In a video from Thursday night's show, Jimmy Kimmel put out a new way to market a trip to a game: As a time for peaceful meditation.
“Looking for a place to relax and rejuvenate? A place to be alone with your thoughts? Find yourself and lose yourself Sundays at the StubHub Center.”
This afternoon, Google made the official announcement that the Google Home Max is now available for purchase both from the Google Store and participating retailers like Best Buy, Verizon and Walmart. Not surprisingly, Amazon isn't on this list and likely won't be anytime soon.
Still, the fact that most of us can now head over to a retailer and hopefully get some hands-on time with Google's plus-sized smart speaker is pretty exciting. While we were at the event in San Francisco back in October I wasn't able to actually give it a real listen as our time that day was pretty much devoted to the Pixelbook.
So, let's recap what Google is doing with the biggest speaker in its lineup.
Room-Sensing Tech
Straight from Google:
Google Home Max sounds pretty amazing right out of the box because it's our first speaker with Smart Sound. Powered by Google's artificial intelligence (AI), Smart Sound means Max can automatically adapt itself based on where it's placed in the room. There's no extra setup or testing required. Even if you move Max from one spot to another, it'll continuously tune itself to the room, so your music will sound one step closer to the studio.
Again, I've not used this in the wild, so I can't comment on how well it actually works. I can say the promise of what it is attempting to do sounds amazing and if it delivers on this promise, the Google Home Max will be in a league all its own.
The rest of the features are quite similar to other Google Homes, so we won't go on too much about all that. It has far-field mics for picking up your voice across the room, supports Google's Chromecast Audio for linking to other speakers, has a premium set of speakers for fantastic audio, and can do all the tricks Google Assistant is growing quite capable of.
If you are looking for what amounts to a functional control center and quick access to Google's Assistant, the standard Google Home will probably do just fine.
If you are looking for all that and a premium sound source for your home or office, the Google Home Max might be worth a look. We have a review unit on the way and will dig in when we get our hands on it and can actually test the thing out.
Until then, are you considering this latest piece of Google hardware? Enjoy some fantastic videos and decide for yourself!
CARTER COUNTY -- The Oklahoma Highway Patrol, along with fire departments from Dickson, Gene Autry, and the Ardmore Air Park responded to a call of a semi truck on fire, Monday morning around 10 o'clock.
Trooper Hayden Darst with O.H.P said, "From what we understand, a vehicle was coming over the hill, had an engine malfunction or a mechanical issue that caused it to burst into flames."
The highway patrol said, the driver was able to make it out safely,
But feathers were flying as crews worked to save the 9 thousand chickens on board.
"Unfortunately there was a little loss of product and several chickens were killed," Darst said.
Crews say they were able to save most of the birds, but around 50 or 60 did die.
According to trooper Darst, it was an unusual turn of events.
"Arrived on scene and typically there is never live animals on board."
But it didn't take long to get the fire under control.
Crews said in order to keep other drivers safe, they did have to shut down highway 53 for a couple of hours.
"We are coming up on two hours of it being closed, traffic at one point was backed up a little, close around a mile."
The highway did re-open around noon.
As for the chickens that survived, the owners did pick them up and take them back to the farm.
(NBC News) Football fever is heating up icy Minneapolis as fans gear up for the big game, but behind all that beer and under all that gear t…
Uber Faces Major Fallout from Massive Hack, Alleged Cover-Up
Uber's admission that it took more than a year to disclose the theft of personal data from 57 million customers and drivers has now drawn two lawsuits and a federal probe.
Compounding the ride-hailing titan's woes are news reports that it paid the hackers $100,000 to destroy the pilfered data, and that its new CEO knew about the breach for more than two months before revealing it to customers and drivers.
The hack and its fallout are just the latest problems to strike a firm that is already a target for harsh criticism about its management -- from claims it fostered a reckless, misogynist company culture that led to sexual harassment and bullying, to revelations about use of secret technology for evading authorities' oversight, to a trade-secrets lawsuit by Google self-driving spinoff Waymo, and an $8.9 million fine levied Nov. 20 by Colorado over drivers with serious criminal and driving-infraction records.
The beleaguered San Francisco company's latest personal-data trouble started in October 2016, when hackers broke into its systems and downloaded names, email addresses and cell phone numbers of 57 million Uber customers, along with names and driver's license numbers of some 600,000 U.S. Uber drivers, according to statements from the company.
Such information is commonly used for identity theft, which can result in criminals obtaining credit cards and loans in victims' names, or looting their bank accounts.
It wasn't until Tuesday that Uber, in a statement from CEO Dara Khosrowshahi, revealed the breach to customers, drivers and the public. And according to a new report, Khosrowshahi had learned of the hack two weeks after they took the reins of the company Sept. 5, according to the Wall Street Journal, which cited unnamed people said to be familiar with the matter.
In their Tuesday statement disclosing the 2016 hack, Khosrowshahi said they had "recently" learned of it.
The breach, and Uber's response to it, drew two lawsuits soon after the company announced it had been hacked. Both suits seek class-action status.
On Tuesday, Alejandro Flores of Los Angeles launched a suit on behalf of themselves and people who were Uber customers or drivers at the time of the breach. The legal action takes aim at the gap of more than a year between Uber's discovery of the hack and its public disclosure.
"Customers, and drivers had no chance to protect their identity and their information," said the suit filed in Central District of California U.S. District Court.
Flores also claims credit card and Social Security numbers were stolen, along with dates of birth. If true, that would put customers and drivers at increased risk of identity theft and fraud.
Khosrowshahi had said in their statement that the company's "outside forensic experts" found no indication that dates of birth, or credit card or Social Security numbers were taken.
Uber did not immediately respond to a question about whether those types of data were stolen, or to additional questions about the breach and the company's response. The lawyers representing Flores did not immediately respond to a request for information about the claims of stolen birth dates and credit card and Social Security numbers.
The other lawsuit, filed Wednesday by Danyelle Townsend and Ken Tew, highlights an allegation in a Nov. 21 Bloomberg report that Uber -- under previous CEO Travis Kalanick -- had paid the hackers to delete the stolen data and keep quiet about it.
"Rather than alerting regulators, law enforcement and victims of the Data Breach, Uber sought to conceal the Data Breach by paying the hackers $100,000 to destroy the stolen data and to promise to keep the Data Breach secret from the public and regulators," the suit filed in Northern California U.S. District Court said.
This legal action also includes claims about personal data beyond what Uber has admitted was stolen.
"Also potentially at risk are additional pieces of personally identifiable information generally available in Uber customer accounts including: location history, credit card numbers, bank account numbers, Social Security Numbers, dates of birth and other information," the suit claims.
Fallout from the hack goes beyond the courts. The Federal Trade Commission said it was "closely evaluating the serious issues raised" by the breach, Reuters reported Wednesday.
The huge hack is not the first data-security issue to put Uber into authorities' sights. In August, the FTC announced that it had reached a settlement with Uber after a hacker accessed names and driver's license numbers of more than 100,000 drivers in 2014. Uber had failed to take "reasonable, low-cost measures" to properly secure its database, the FTC said. In the settlement, Uber agreed to 20 years of independent audits to certify it had an effective privacy program.
That data breach also led to a settlement between Uber and New York's attorney general, which included a $20,000 fine for failing to provide drivers and authorities with timely notice of the hack.
The legal and regulatory problems come as Uber readies itself to go public in 2019, and negotiates with SoftBank over a multi-billion-dollar investment that would give the Japanese tech titan a 14 percent to 20 percent stake in Uber, which is valued at nearly $70 billion.
Although Uber waited until this week to publicly disclose the massive breach of customer and driver data, it told SoftBank about the hack about three weeks earlier, according to the Wall Street Journal.
© 2017 San Jose Mercury News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
Follow @insidefutbol
Premier League new boys Brighton & Hove Albion are eyeing Palermo defender Michel Morganella.
The Seagulls sealed promotion from the Championship on Easter Monday by virtue of a 2-1 home win over Wigan Athletic in front of 29,940 fans.
But the work has not stopped for Brighton as they are now plotting how to strengthen their squad in order to make sure they have a fighting chance of survival.
And the Seagulls are interested in 27-year-old defender Morganella, according to Italian outlet Tutto Mercato.
They came through the youth ranks at Sion before getting their break with St Jakob-Park outfit Basel.
Italian outfit Palermo swooped to snap up Morganella, who operates as a right-back, in 2009; they then had a loan stint with Novara.
Morganella has found securing a spot in the Palermo side to be tough in the current campaign and the defender has managed just ten appearances in Serie A this term.
 They are under contract at Palermo until 2018.
ABCNews.com(WASHINGTON) — Senate Republican leaders said Tuesday that former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn may be called to testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee as part of its investigation into Russia's suspected involvement in the 2016 election and the Trump administration's potential ties to the nation.
Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Missouri, a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee and part of the Republican leadership, told reporters that they thought it was likely that Flynn would, at some point, talk to the committee about “both post-election activities and any other activities that they would be aware of.”
Flynn resigned from their post Monday amid a swirl of questions about their calls to the Russian ambassador ahead of the inauguration. They also apologized to the vice president for misleading them about the communications, an official told ABC News.
The chairperson of the Intelligence Committee, Richard Burr, R-North Carolina, was less committal than Blunt, but said they would not rule out calling Flynn to testify.
“We will cast a wide net to look at individuals who can provide us additional insight into what went on,” Burr told ABC News.
The top Democrat on the committee, Mark Warner, of Virginia, had said definitively that they wanted Flynn to testify.
Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Florida, who also serves on the committee, said they would like to see the transcripts of the Flynn calls with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak, in which the two discussed sanctions on Russia during the Trump team's transition to the White House, current and former U.S. officials confirmed to ABC last week.
Trump has maintained they have no connections with or economic ties to Russia, as they insisted in this Jan. 11 tweet.
Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA – NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 11, 2017
And while calls between Flynn and the Russian ambassador are under investigation no clear evidence of wrongdoing has been found as of yet.
While Republicans mostly insisted that the investigation should be limited to those committees that have already begun Russia investigations, Democrats say that's not enough — calling for a bipartisan committee to investigate as well.
“It's critical that we fully understand the extent of the Russian government's attempts to influence our elections and government—and we need to form a bipartisan Select Committee to investigate,” Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Missouri, said in a statement.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
President Trump pushed their tax reform plan in a series of tweets Wednesday morning, saying it will make the stock market “grow by leaps and bounds.”
“Stock Market has increased by 5.2 Trillion dollars since the election on November 8th, a 25% increase. Lowest unemployment in 16 years,” Trump wrote on Twitter.
“If Congress gives us the massive tax cuts (and reform) I am asking for, those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds. #MAGA,” they continued.
But they said the news media isn't giving them enough credit for the sterling Wall Street numbers and said Democrats want “massive tax increases.”
“It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the election.Need tax cuts,” they wrote. “The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases & soft, crime producing borders. The Republicans want the biggest tax cut in history & the WALL! ”
The president is traveling to Harrisburg, Pa., Wednesday afternoon to pitch their tax reform plan to a group of truckers.
“When your trucks are moving, America is growing. That is why my administration is taking historic steps to remove the barriers that slow you down. America first means putting American truckers first,” Trump will tell them, according to excerpts of their speech released by the White House.
Video
Scientists at the Natural History Museum are looking to see how microplastics are entering the seal population in the Thames Estuary.
Their research has already shown that up to 75% of fish in the estuary contain tiny bits of plastic and they want to find out how the items enter the food chain.
OLD FORGE, N.Y. — New York state snowmobiling fees are being waived for out-of-state residents this weekend.
Through Monday, registration fees won't be applied for New York fun-seekers and those from Canada to promote winter tourism. State registration fees can range from $45 to $100.
New York has more than 10,000 miles of snowmobile trails.
All snowmobiles must be properly registered and insured.
Millennials are "less mobile" than any of the previous four generations, according to a new report. That doesn't mean they sit on the couch and Snapchat all day. Nor does it have anything to do with their mobile phones. They just aren't moving from where they live.
Millenials watch a video calling on the millennial generation to help end the problem of extreme poverty around the globe at the IMF/World Bank Group's Spring summit on April 10, 2014. Miguel Juarez Lugo / Zuma Press file
According to a Pew analysis of recently released Census Bureau data, only 20 percent of respondents aged 25-35 said in 2016 they had lived at a different address than the year before. That's lower than the career-minded Silent Generation, inwardly focused baby boomers, and independent Gen Xers. "When I was your age..." a member of one of those groups might begin, "we had a one-year migration rate of 25 percent or above..."
That might seem counter-intuitive, since millennials are less likely to be tied down by three of the biggest things that tend to hinder people from moving — a spouse, a house, or a child — compared to those previous generations, according to Pew research.
You could blame it on this generation rejecting norms, needing to be coddled, spending too much time staring at screens — any handy scapegoat will do.
But the answer becomes clear when you follow the money: They don't have it.
Since 2010 there are fewer currently employed 18-24-year-olds (54 percent) than at any time since the government started collecting data in 1948. And there's a wider employment gap between young and all working-age adults than at any time in recorded history.
It's not that they don't want to participate in the economy. There's just less of it for them to join. Without a job to move for, why wouldn't you stay close to home?
KING CITY, Ont. — Australians Peter Siddle and Moises Henriques led the way as the Montreal Tigers secured their first victory of Global T20 Canada tournament with a 15-run win over Edmonton Royals on Wednesday at Maple Leaf Cricket Club.
Henriques had 50 runs and Siddle claimed two key wickets for Montreal, which improved to 1-3. Edmonton fell to 1-2 in the six-team table.
Edmonton took the field first and quickly dispatched Montreal's opening pair of Dwayne Smith (eight runs) and Sunil Narine (nine).
The Tigers rallied, and Henriques' half century along with 20 runs from Sikander Raza and 22 from Najibullah Zardan gave Montreal a respectable total of 129/6 through 20 overs.
Edmonton started strong in its chase of that total, scoring 40 runs through the first six overs while surrendering just one wicket.
Siddle brought Montreal back into the game with a quick double-strike, getting Agha Salman at ten runs and Farhaan Behardien on first ball, reducing Edmonton to 40/3.
Narine claimed a key wicket when New Zealand opener Luke Ronchi (30) was caught by wicket-keeper Khaleel Mohammed.
Edmonton never recovered, losing its final six wickets for 54 runs and settling for a total of 114 all-out in 19.1 overs.
Backed by Russian air strikes the Syrian army is gaining more ground in rebel held eastern province of Deraa.
Two weeks into a bloody offensive it's now in control of about 60 percent of the region.
Deraa was the birthplace of the Syrian revolution and is also diplomatically sensitive because it borders Lebanon, Jordan and Israel.
It's remained under opposition control since the start of the war.
On Tuesday Syrian rebel negotiators began a new round of talks with Russian officers over a peace deal in southern Syria under which they would hand over weapons and allow Russian military police to enter rebel-held towns, a rebel spokesperson said.
Spokesman Ibrahim al Jabawi said the rebels had carried to the negotiating table their "response to a list of Russian demands" that include the handing over of weapons and settling the status of rebels in a deal that ends the fighting.
The Russian demands, handed to rebels in a meeting in a town in southern Syria on Saturday, had prompted a walkout by the rebels, who said the terms amounted to a humiliating surrender.
The opposition team was then persuaded by Jordan to go back to the negotiating table, diplomatic sources said.
Jordan has been working behind the scenes to spare more bloodshed and destruction to a region whose future stability is crucial to the kingdom's own security.
The arrival of thousands of uprooted Syrians among the tens of thousands near Jordan's border has created new security challenges and a humanitarian nightmare for the authorities.
Syria's multi-sided conflict has uprooted nearly 11 million people, including 6 million who fled abroad in one of the worst refugee crises of modern times.
University of Findlay senior Trey Everett finished off a win in the men's heptathlon Saturday to lead the Oilers' indoor track and field teams in the Oiler Opener at the Koehler Center. Everett captured the 60-meter hurdles heptathlon race with a time of 8.61 seconds on their way to winnin…
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the “activate now” button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
Love Island's Megan Had A "Few Sugar Daddies" Before Entering The Villa
A source close to Megan has said that the Love Islander would often be bought gifts that she'd ask for, just for dating the men.
Megan, Megan, Megan... Where do you possibly begin with her? Having frustrated viewers and Islanders alike, the ex-dancer has since caused further drama.
The contestant, who's dated Wes, Eyal, Alex and Alex 2 (confusing, we know), left their job at a strip club to enter the villa in Mallorca.
> WATCH: Eyal Channels Their Inner-Guru By Reading Some Ridiculous Monday Motivation
A former colleague of Megan's has spilled the beans on Megan's life before Love Island, saying they would "date boys who buy them gifts".
Claiming that Megan had previously dated the likes of the bouncer at the club, they were apparently gifted a guitar, simply because they asked for it.
The old co-worker then went in further to rip into Megan, saying "She's always seeking male attention. They seem more interested in making money. They have a spoilt brat syndrome; if Megan wants it, Megan gets it. She's definitely in it for the money and the fame."
> If You Want The Latest On Love Island, Head On Over To Our App!
At least Megan has Alex's shoulder to cry on. Or Wes'. Or someone else's. We're not sure...
[March 19, 2018] New Research on the Global Military Helicopter MRO Market | Technavio
Market research firm Technavio has announced the release of their latest report on the global military helicopter MRO market. This new report will provide expert market insights for the forecast period 2018-2022. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180319006042/en/ Technavio has published a new market research report on the global military helicopter MRO market from 2018-2022. (Graphic: Business Wire) The report will follow up on Technavio's previous military helicopter MRO market research, offering an up-to-date assessment of the market in the context of new developments, emerging trends, factors leading towards market growth, and the competitive vendor landscape. The upgraded research report on the military helicopter MRO market is an integral part of Technavio's defense portfolio. Technavio covers an extensive range of market research reports on the defense sector, providing strategic insights on various characteristics of the industry. Some of the trending topics include anti-tank missile system, UAV, airborne ISR, and sonobuoy. This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only: View market snapshot before purchasing Save more with Technavio. Buy 2 reports and get the third for FREE: View all Technavio's current offers Military helicopter MRO market: opportunity analysis Technavio's previous report on the global military helicopter MRO market projected that the Americas showed the highest potential in 2015 compared to EMEA and APAC. Due to budget cuts in the US, the procurement of military helicopters is expected to decrease. This will compel the military to invest in upgrading and modernizing their helicopter fleets to increase the service life of the existing rotary wing aircraft. In the previous report, a senior research analyst at Technavio stated, "Increasing investments in manufacturing and MRO facilities is a key factor driving growth in the market. The focus of military is on upgrading their fleet with the latest technology as aircraft in their inventory are equipped with older technology. Developing countries such as India are heavily investing in manufacturing and MRO activities in military aircraft. Such increase in investments will drive market growth." Technavio's new report on the global military helicopter MRO market will evaluate the key geographical regions and their behavior over the past four years, introducing new data and observations and providing new predictions. Looking for the latest information on the global military helicopter MRO market? Request a free sample report Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report such as the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Detailed analysis at your fingertips Some of the topics that will be revisited in the new report include: Market size and growth rate through 2022
Top factors driving the market growth
Emerging trends in the market
Market opportunities The report on the global military helicopter MRO market for the period 2018-2022 is available to order now and will be delivered within one week of purchase.
Technavio's best deals of the month! Mark the beginning of spring with Technavio. Get 30% discount on all energy reports. Offer valid from 12th March for a limited period. OR Get 20% off on all media and entertainment services reports. Offer valid only till the 31st of March.
About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions. With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio's comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180319006042/en/
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
Imagine doing some Christmas shopping and then looking over and seeing Beyonce doing the exact same thing next to you in Target. Well, that's exactly what happened to a few fans the other day at the Target in San Clemente, California.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PLATTE COUNTY, Mo. -- The opioid epidemic is moving closer to Missouri and the metro. That's what senator Roy Blunt told a crowd this afternoon in Platte County.
Blunt, a Republican who sits on the Appropriations Committee and chairs the subcommittee on the Department of Health and Human Services, says funding to curtail the addiction epidemic is already up 1,300 percent. But they say that's not enough.
The CDC says the drug overdose death rate in Missouri increased almost 32% from 2015 to 2016 (the most recent statistics available).
The Missouri Hospital Association said drug overdoses have now become the leading cause of accidental death in Missouri. The group says between 2014 and 2016 (the latest statistics available), 29 Missouri counties had more drug overdose deaths than motor vehicle accident deaths.
According to a spokesperson for Synergy Services, more than 1,000 people visited the E.R. in Clay and Platte counties last year - specifically for opioid overdoes. That's what Roy Blunt discussed in Kansas City Saturday.
The Senator spent about an hour at Synergy Services discussing the opioid crisis in the U.S., and in Missouri. But the opioid crisis is something the facility deals with on a daily basis, and it's seeing more than ever before.
"We're going to end up turning away even more, unfortunately," said Associate Executive Director Dennis Meier, PhD.
Last year, the organization turned away roughly 1,500 women and 400 teens from its facilities. So it is already feeling the effects of opioids, though statistically, the Kansas City metro isn't that impacted yet.
"The effort is really to stay ahead of the more disastrous parts of this problem. And we believe, if we intervene early and do some prevention work, we can stay ahead of this problem." Meier added studies show that for every $1 spent on child and family emergency services, roughly $9 of future costs are mitigated.
That's where Sen. Blunt comes in.
"I think there's clearly no national solution right now, but it's clearly understood that it's a national problem," they said Saturday.
Blunt's position as chairperson of the Subcommittee on the Department of Health and Human Services on the Appropriations Committee means they decide what places can get funding to battle opioids. They think the solution could lie in places like Synergy.
"My inclination," they said, "is to be very flexible and look at community organizations like this for a few years, at least. We say 'to take this money, pursue the plan you're going to pursue, and then let's get back to see how it works so we can share it with others.'"
While we talk about the increase in opioid abuse cases here, it's nothing like what St. Louis is facing. The majority of counties with high opioid-involved mortality rates are clustered in and to the south of the St. Louis metropolitan region, though some additional counties with high opioid-involved death rates can be found across the state. Missouri's metropolitan areas have consistently high rates of opioid-involved overdose mortality.
Blunt said more funding must be funneled to Behavioral Health; many people who suffer from mental illness self-medicate with drugs.
Nigel Havers and Rula Lenska will both make a return to Coronation Street for storylines centring around hairdresser Audrey Roberts, RadioTimes.com can confirm.
Advertisement
Conman Lewis Archer and stylist Claudia Colby are to make a comeback this summer for two separate storylines, their reappearances set to bring more comedy into life at Corrie.
As long-time viewers know, Claudia – who exited in 2011 – is the owner of rival salon Perm Suspect, while smooth-talking charmer Lewis made off with a sizeable chunk of cash belonging to the Platts in 2013.
Show bosses are currently remaining tight lipped about what brings the pair back to Weatherfield, but we can't help but hope that at least one of the characters will be tied to the current Coronation Street plotline involving medium Rosemary (Sophie Thompson).
With Rosemary having seemingly managed to get in touch with the spirits of Alf Roberts, Richard Hillman and Ivy Tilsley, we wouldn't rule out them being in cahoots with either Lewis or Claudia in an elaborate scam to hoodwink Audrey and Gail.
So, is Rosemary just one part of a long con that will climax with Lewis resurfacing once again? Or could they be plotting with Claudia to wind Audrey up?
You can watch a 60-second rundown of next week's drama on Coronation Street below. Beneath that, there's our exclusive Week in Weatherfield review show
Advertisement
And visit our dedicated Coronation Street page for all the latest news, interviews and spoilers.
The City of DeFuniak Springs will be accepting sealed bids for the installation of a three station teller line in its utility billing department located at 71 Hwy. 90. Bids will be accepted at City Hall until 2 pm Thursday, May 4 . Bids shall be clearly marked on the outside of the envelope – ‘Sealed bid, DeFuniak Springs Teller Stations.' Any bids received after 2 -m on May 4 will not be accepted and will be returned unopened to the bidder.
There will be a mandatory pre-bid meeting April 19 at 2 pm at City Hall's Utility Billing Department.
The City of DeFuniak Springs reserves the right to reject any and all bids, waive any formalities, and award in the best interest of the City of DeFuniak Springs.
Your Responses On Instagram Polls Aren't Anonymous & Now We Regret All Those Joke Answers
Let's all panic together in 3...2...1...
If you use Instagram, you'll have undoubtedly seen the latest addition to Stories - Instagram Polls.
Yes, people can now ask us all questions and we can respond witihing Instagram stories. However many people thought that their answers were anonymous, but sadly we're here to tell you that that's not the case.
> If You're In Your First Few Weeks Of Uni, You've Probably Already Received One Of These Eight Texts From Your Parents
Many people are now beginning to realise that the joke answers they tapped on their friend's poll can now be seen by that friend and they could come across as pretty savage.
(GIF: Giphy)
People took to Twitter to share their shock that their answers aren't secret and it sounds like there is a lot of regret out there!
So instagram added a new poll feature but u can literally see who votes what answer. I CAN NOW SEE ALL MY H8ERS. — austin (@awstennn) October 4, 2017
um instagram is really trying to start some beef by showing who voted what in the new poll feature... — P (@paaaaarsa) October 4, 2017
Literally after voting on every single Instagram poll this morning only to find out they can see what you voted,thought it was like twitter — Phil Bermingham (@BerminghamPhil1) October 4, 2017
pouring one out for everyone who hadn't realised that your answers in an Instagram story poll aren't anonymous — Hannah Louise (@hannahlouisef) October 5, 2017
Bruh I didn't know instagram told you who voted what on that poll thing I voted yes to people asking if they were ugly omg — October 16th (@kritarxx) October 6, 2017
When one of your followers votes in your poll, you get a notification which tells you exactly how they've voted, so if you've given a joke answer because you thought the person couldn't see it...uh oh!
um @Brandonwoelfel whY ARENT U SUPPORTING MY DREAMS pic.twitter.com/Uo0jrdNfcH — P (@paaaaarsa) October 4, 2017
Let's spread the message and make sure there aren't any unceccessary beefs starting accidentally.
> Download Our Fancy New App For More Helpful Social Media Hints!
Whilst you're here, check out this handy iPhone tip that'll turn your phone into a HUGE soundsystem...
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Friday was night two of late-night Super Bowl festivities, with more parties and concerts all across the Twin Cities.
WCCO's Jeff Wagner got their start in the North Loop for the famous Leather and Laces event. They first bumped into Mound native Kevin Sorbo, TV's “Hercules.”
“I'm here, I'm in town, I want to have a little fun,” Sorbo said.
Vikings defensive end Steve Weatherly even felt star struck by their fellow revelers.
“I wasn't much of a partier in college and growing up, and just being able to be here with all these people, maybe some superstars, some supermodels,” Weatherly said.
From the dance floor, to virtual reality games, Leather and Laces was pulsating with energy. It was all part of the entertainment put together by hosts Donnie Wahlberg and Jenny McCarthy — but the blue-haired bombshell gives most of the credit to their husband.
“He literally has the ability to turn any party into an amazing party, and that's what I'm looking forward to watching,” McCarthy said.
And making all that party planning easier for them has been their warm, “Minnesota nice” welcome.
“The best hospitality, the nicest people ever. Out of the 15 Super Bowls I've gone to, by far the best,” McCarthy said.
Leather and Laces wasn't the only party in Minneapolis. WCCO was also on the other side of downtown Minneapolis at The Armory for P!nk's concert.
As the music pumped, stars also hit the red carpet, like former NFL Quarterback Kurt Warner, Twins star Joe Mauer and music artist Sheila E. But the celebrity of the hour was, of course, P!nk.
“It's a beautiful venue, and, I mean she's the best. She's singing while she's doing all these acrobats, it's amazing,” said a concertgoer.
“I love Pink, they were incredible, the best performance I've ever seen. So much better than the Grammy's,” said another concertgoer.
The parties aren't over yet. Saturday night is Playboy's Big Game Party in Minneapolis, hosted by Snoop Dogg.
Maxim hosts its annual party featuring Cardi B, Post Malone and DJ Marshmello.
And the party continues at the Lumber Exchange Building with Nick Cannon DJing the TAO party.
Jeff Wagner will be back on the party circuit Saturday night, and so will Frank Vascellaro and Amelia Santaniello. They will be reporting live from the Big Game Big Give party. Jamie Foxx is hosting the event, which is one of the biggest Super Bowl parties and has a philanthropic component.
Jennifer Lopez will also perform at the Minneapolis Armory.
VANCOUVER — The legal battle between a group of Tim Hortons franchisees and their parent company escalated today as the corporate-unsanctioned franchisee association filed a lawsuit alleging Restaurant Brands International, its subsidiary and several executives of subverting their right to associate.
A lawsuit filed on behalf of two franchisees who belong to The Great White North Franchisee Association claims the defendants sought "to interfere with, restrict, penalize, or threaten franchisees from exercising their rights to associate."
The statement of claim alleges this happened in a number of ways, including commencing legal action late last month against a group of GWNFA board members that RBI alleges provided confidential information that was then leaked to a Canadian newspaper. The GWNFA denies this claim.
It alleges the defendants denied future store opportunities to franchisees because they are "not aligned" with Tim Hortons's interest and set aside a $2 billion fund to buy out franchisees who have joined the GWNFA or may do so in the future.
None of the claims have been proven in court. Neither RBI nor Tim Hortons immediately responded to a request for comment.
Franchisees formed the GWNFA, which incorporated in March, to raise franchisee concerns over the management of the brand.
The Canadian Press
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
1:20 The United States of Powerball
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined them
5:16 Finding Answers in a Ship Full of Migrants' Bodies
0:36 Dolphins' Matt Moore focused for playoffs
The Boss is Broadway to bound.
Bruce Springsteen will make their Broadway debut at the Walter Kerr Theatre for an eight-week run in the fall, The Post has learned exclusively.
Sources say Springsteen will do a pared-down version of the set they usually perform in huge arenas and stadiums all over the world.
“He wants to play a smaller house,” a theater source says. “He wants to try something more intimate, and they like the idea of being on Broadway.”
Dates haven't been finalized, but Springsteen will likely open in November. He'll perform five times a week. Jujamcyn Theaters, which owns the Kerr, gave them a sweetheart deal they couldn't refuse: no rent for the eight weeks.
The 975-seat Kerr has been empty since the musical “Amélie” closed in May.
“He'll keep the lights on in the building, and they'll sell gazillions of dollars worth of booze,” a source says.
Springsteen will sell out the run in a minute, though whatever they make will pale in comparison to the tens of millions of dollars they make on tour.
But as one music source says: “He's got all the money in the world. They can do what they like.”
Some insiders believe Springsteen's Broadway gig may be a curtain raiser to another project — turning their best-selling memoir, “Born To Run,” into a musical. Several producers, dollar signs dancing in their eyes, approached Springsteen about adapting the book for the stage after The Post reported they were interested in the idea.
It could be a blockbuster along the lines of “Jersey Boys” and “Beautiful: the Carole King Musical.”
But that's a long way off. In the meantime, you'll be able to see the Boss “live and in person” at the Kerr this fall.
US slaps North Korea with new round of tough sanctions President Trump on Friday announced new sanctions against North Korea over its nuclear program – tightening the noose on Pyongyang by targeting its shipping and trading companies. The president used...
NYU splits from Ban Ki-Moon's nephew amid bribery charges New York University has parted ways with the nephew of the outgoing head of the United Nations following their arrest on bribery charges, The Post has learned. Joo Hyun “Dennis”...
Ban Ki-Moon's brother, nephew charged in bribery scheme The brother and nephew of the outgoing UN Secretary-General thought they were bribing a Middle Eastern official to buy a Hanoi-based skyscraper – but they wound up getting duped by...
UN chief predicts Trump will back climate change pact MARRAKESH, Morocco — UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said on Tuesday action on climate change has become “unstoppable” and predicted that US President-elect Donald Trump would drop plans to quit a global...
Colombia embarks on path to peace with historic accord CARTAGENA, Colombia — After a half-century of combat that spilled blood across this South American nation, Colombians have embarked on a new, but difficult path to settle their political differences...
Putin ally eyed to become next UN secretary-general A favorite of Russian President Vladimir Putin has emerged as a leading contender to become the next UN secretary-general. Irina Bokova, 63, the director-general of UNESCO, the UN's cultural arm,...
The hidden agenda behind the UN chief's Israel-bashing United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon seems intent on using their last year in office to significantly increase UN pressure on Israel. Last week, they told the Security Council that “human...
A woman might be the next UN secretary-general The United Nations formally kicked off the race for the next secretary-general on Tuesday and the world body's 193 members were encouraged to consider putting forward a woman for the...
Pope Francis tackles climate change, Iran deals at UN Pope Francis ​made history again Friday, a day after their address to a joint session of Congress, delivering a speech before the largest-ever gathering of world leaders at the United...
How To Quell Wanderlust Between TripsFive tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Families Impacted By Travel Ban Unite At MSP AirportOn Sunday, families affected by the travel ban were reunited at the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
The Latest on xxxxxxx (all times local):
Relatives dug through the mud in search of their loved ones and a morgue overflowed with bodies Monday after heavy rains and flooding early in the day killed at least 200 people in Sierra Leone's capital.
Bodies were spread out on the floor of a morgue, Sinneh Kamara, a coroner technician at the Connaught Hospital mortuary, told the national broadcaster.
"The capacity at the mortuary is too small for the corpses," they told the Sierra Leone National Broadcasting Corp.
Kamara urged the health department to deploy more ambulances, saying their mortuary only has four.
Sierra Leone's national television broadcaster interrupted its regular programming to show scenes of people trying to retrieve their loved ones' bodies. Others were seen carting relatives' remains in rice sacks to the morgue.
Military personnel have been deployed to help in the rescue operation currently ongoing, officials said.
Many of the impoverished areas of Sierra Leone's capital are close to sea level and have poor drainage systems, exacerbating flooding during the West African country's rainy season.
The global bond market's primary benchmark, the 10-year U.S. Treasury yield, has finally reached 3 percent, a level it hadn't topped in more than four years. That's more than just a nice round number. Higher yields make the burden of everything from mortgages to student loans and car payments even heavier. Some market gurus see it as a turning point with effects that could be felt for years -- and not just in bonds. With the Federal Reserve signaling interest rates are going up even more, investors in riskier assets like stocks and high-yield debt are left to wonder if this is how their post-recession party ends.
1. Why is 3 percent a milestone?
Since 2011, had been touched only twice, briefly, in 2013 and early 2014, before a bond bull market drove yields to record lows. Prominent fixed-income investors like Jeffrey Gundlach at DoubleLine Capital and Scott Minerd at Guggenheim Partners have cited the 3 percent threshold as critical to determining whether the three-decade bull market in bonds is at an end. In the minds of analysts who look at market patterns, once the yield breaks much beyond the 3.05 percent, to levels last reached in 2011, that threshold could flip to a floor from a ceiling.
2. Why does it matter?
The 10-year Treasury yield is a global benchmark for borrowing costs. Corporations will have to pay more to issue debt, which they've done cheaply in recent years. So will state and local governments, which could jeopardize investments in public infrastructure. Homeowners will face higher mortgage rates (or lose out on refinancing at a lower cost). Taking out loans for cars or college could also become more expensive.
3. What happens next?
The general consensus is that yields have moved quite far already. More than half of the 56 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg expect the 10-year yield to end 2018 within 25 basis points of 3 percent, meaning a range-bound remainder of the year. Bond bears counting on even higher yields would argue that inflation is just around the corner and the economy is about to get even hotter. Bond bulls would say the Fed is getting close to its limit for rate hikes because the economy can't withstand much steeper borrowing costs without slowing down.
4. What's so important about yield?
A bond's yield is a measure of the return an investor can expect from buying it. It's determined by the bond's interest rate and the price paid for it. For instance, buying a security that pays a fixed 2 percent (the “coupon”) at face value (known as “par”) results in a yield of 2 percent. Buying it at a cheaper price would raise the yield for the investor, while paying a premium would reduce the overall yield. (Maybe the most confusing aspect of the bond market to outsiders is the inverse relationship between price and yield.)
5. How do you determine the benchmark 10-year yield?
In the $14.9 trillion Treasuries market, the benchmark is based on the most recently auctioned 10-year security (known as the “on-the-run”). It's the best measure because it tends to have a price close to par and a coupon close to the current yield.
6. Why are yields going up?
The Fed is raising its short-term lending rate as the U.S. economy strengthens, after holding it near-zero in the wake of the financial crisis. The three rate hikes last year pushed up two- and five-year Treasury yields in particular, but they've also affected 10-year yields as central bankers expect more increases this year. Another reason: inflation is showing signs of picking up, which erodes the value of bonds' fixed payments and leads investors to demand higher yields.
7. Will my fixed-income mutual fund take a hit?
Yes. The value of a fixed-income fund's shares are determined by the price of the bonds it holds -- and as yields rise those prices will fall. The Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index, the benchmark for a wide swath of mutual funds, fell 1.15 percent in January and another 0.95 percent in February. The silver lining of a selloff, however, is that fund managers are able to buy new bonds at higher yields, offering juicier fixed payments down the road. With 10-year Treasuries offering 8 or 9 percent yields in the early 1990s, it's no surprise that the index has rarely had a down month.
8. How will this affect stocks?
Market watchers partly blamed the rapid rise in Treasury yields for the equity market correction at the start of February, which resulted in the largest daily point drop ever in the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Stocks wobbled again in March, but have mostly stabilized. In theory, higher corporate borrowing costs would erode a key element of companies' profitability. But they're also getting a windfall from the Republican tax plan. The area to watch is high-dividend stocks, which have served as bond proxies for years since they offered high fixed payments. Now that Treasury yields have caught up, investors are starting to sell equities.
The Reference Shelf
Thousands of workers at the Sellafield nuclear site are to start voting on whether to strike over a "completely unacceptable" 1.5% pay offer.
Around 5,000 members of the GMB and Unite unions at the site in Cumbria will be balloted in the coming weeks in protest at an imposed 1.5% pay rise.
Chris Jukes of the GMB said: "Pay at Sellafield for all but the top brass has failed to keep pace with inflation in recent years and it came as no surprise to GMB when our members voted by a ratio of nine to one to reject the Sellafield pay offer, which is less than half the RPI inflation rate.
"At the same time, Sellafield management have chipped away relentlessly at terms and conditions.
"In the circumstances, we now have no alternative but to ask our members if they are willing to take strike action in order to achieve a pay offer in line with inflation."
A Sellafield spokesperson said: "We've offered our workforce an unconditional 1.5% increase this year - which is an increase to our wage bill of over £12 million year-on-year.
"After a ballot of their members, this has been accepted by one union, which has collective bargaining rights for over half the workforce, and rejected by two others who, between them, have collective bargaining rights for the remainder.
"Like all publicly funded organisations, we have to control costs and ensure we are delivering value for money for the taxpayer, so we're implementing a pay award which we feel is fair, reasonable and, most importantly, affordable."
The ballot results will be known in early September.
Americans are investing in their wardrobes again.
As the retail fiscal year ends this weekend, experts believe it will show apparel sales climbing back to healthier levels.
If so, it will be good riddance to the great retail apocalypse of 2017.
A strong holiday season, in which sales rose 4.9 percent — the largest year-over-year increase since 2011, according to MasterCard — continued into January.
“We believe apparel is making a comeback,” said Craig Johnson, chief executive of Customer Growth Partners, which estimates that apparel sales will increase by more than 3 percent in three months ending Feb. 3 — up from about 2.5 percent a year ago.
More than 70 percent of companies that reported holiday sales beat Wall Street's expectations on comparable sales, said Nomura/Instinet analyst Simeon Siegel.
Among the strongest performers were American Eagle, with an 8 percent increase in comparable sales, Children's Place, with an 8.5 percent gain, and Kohl's, 6.9 percent.
“The strength coming out of the holiday season has not abated yet,” Siegel said.
What's more, the largest contributor to retail job growth in January, according to the National Retail Federation, were jobs in clothing and accessories stores.
Josh Brolin revisited their role in the beloved 1985 film The Goonies while attending an 80s themed party.
The 49-year-old actor channeled their character Brand from the family adventure classic for the event and shared a photo of their costume via Instagram on Monday.
In the image, the Oscar-nominee poses alongside their wife, model Kathryn Boyd, and sports the persona's cut-off T-shirt and red headband while holding exercise equipment.
“80's themed birthday for my buddy @wsparris1 (Bill Parris) given by their lovely wife @bamkambam (sic),” they captioned the snap. “I didn't know what to dress as (Henry Rollins? Boy George? A gremlin?) then my wife said, ‘I got you covered'.”
Boyd, who the Avengers: Age of Ultron star married in 2016, also sported 80s clothing for the comical picture.
Don't book your tickets or hotel for this year's Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco
After 20 years, Intel is scrapping its marquee annual Intel Developer Forum event, where tech enthusiasts gathered to load up on the chipmaker's news and technologies.
IDF started off in 1997 as a small event in Palm Springs, California. The show was later moved to San Francisco and vastly expanded during a boom in the PC market.
But with the PC market slowing down, the attraction of IDF has also dwindled. Intel's future isn't tied to PCs but instead to areas like data centers, autonomous cars, modems, the internet of things, and manufacturing.
Last year, IDF events were held in San Francisco and Beijing, and neither will happen this year. An event was scheduled this year from Aug. 15 to 17 in San Francisco, according to a calendar for Moscone Convention Center, but it has been canceled.
In lieu of IDF, Intel will instead hold small events, workshops, and participate in trade shows to highlight its technologies and connect with customers. Intel has a big presence every year at shows like CES, Computex, and Mobile World Congress.
Apple iPhone launches in the past have upstaged IDF San Francisco. From 2012 to 2014, iPhone launches around the time of IDF became the main topic of conversation on the show floor.
In 2011, IDF clashed with Microsoft's Build Conference being held in Anaheim, California, and Windows 8, Windows RT, and ARM chips were part of the conversation at Intel's show.
To avoid a clash with Apple's iPhone launches and other shows like TechCrunch Disrupt, Intel eventually moved IDF to mid-August in 2015.
Major PC, chip, and data-center announcements were a staple of the show, but such announcements have dwindled in the last few years.
Over the final years, IDF started losing its technical edge and became more of a marketing vehicle for the company as it expanded into wearables, drones, cool gadgets, and other devices. The company used the show to send a message that it was more than a technology company.
Intel in 2013 scrapped a popular third-day opening keynote by former CTO Justin Rattner, who showed off future-looking technologies like a solar-powered PC. It was replaced by keynotes that didn't touch on deep technology.
Privately, attendees grumbled that Intel was losing its core audience of engineers and technology specialists with its grand show of cool devices.
Intel will be able to connect to developers via trade shows and workshops, which are more targeted, a company spokesperson said.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Suppose you share your laptop with various classmates or coworkers. You have administrative rights on the machine, but you have a small fear that their prying eyes could get into a directory you don't want them to see. It may be in your interest to password-protect that folder.
When using Linux you can restrict users from file access with a few simple commands. This article will discuss the benefits and limitations of using file ownership and groups as a password-protection measure.
Unix-based machines utilize a directory structure that makes use of ownership to allow and prevent access to files. Your user, for example, is likely granted a home directory, “/home/username”, and has specific rights on your machine. It may own files and folders in that home directory, so it can access them freely. In contrast, it can't freely access files the root user owns.
Examination of a root-owned directory may reveal its permissions, owner, and group as something like drw------- root root , meaning the root user can read and write in that directory but all other users cannot. When you try to use files in that directory, you will need to either change to the root user or give yourself superuser privileges – both of which should require a password.
You can use that same logic to password protect a directory you care about. Try it now by creating a new user named “protector:”
This command will make a new user without a home directory (since you won't need it for the purpose of password protection). Then make sure to give your new user a strong password:
Once you have created a new password-protected user, you can modify your secret directory.
Use the chown tool to change a directory's owner. In this case I'll change the owner of my sample “testdir” directory from root to protector with the command:
Syntax for Chown follows the pattern chown [owner][:[group]] file... . The screenshot above shows the test directory change from “root:root” owner and group ownership to “protector:protector.”
I used the -R option here to recursively enter testdir and change testfile. If you omit -R , chown will only modify the directories and files you specify.
Changing the group, like I did here, is not strictly necessary. You can just use chown [owner] file if you wish.
Why? Well, in this step you will use Chmod to change the file permissions for users outside the owner's group.
Related: Understanding File Permissions: What Does “Chmod 777” Mean?
Chmod follows the syntax chmod [mode] file . Change your file's permissions with the command:
The og-rwx part of that command first specifies users who are not the owner but are part of the file's group, g , or are not part of the file's group, o . It then removes their read, write, and execute permissions with the minus sign, -rwx . See the previous screenshot to watch the permissions for the directory and file change.
At this point, only the owner of the file, which was specified before with Chown, can read or write the file in my testdir directory. All other users will be denied access or asked to provide a password.
You will run into some problems with this approach. The Chown and Chmod steps only help protect your files if you take additional security measures.
First, since you will need to use root permissions (with the root user or with sudo ) to access your secret folder, you cannot be logged on with root or any other user with admin rights when others will use your computer.
Second, your own user and root should have passwords protecting them.
Third, your own user, if it can use sudo for administrative privileges, must require that you type a password to use those privileges. You should also be aware that there is often a default session period where, if you use the sudo command and type a password, you won't have to type it again until the session elapses.
Fourth, all users with administrative access must log out when leaving the computer alone.
What you get with this approach is a method of protection that doesn't require encryption. It works reasonably well, assuming you can keep an eye on your computer when it's in use, but it also suffers from flaws like visibility and a lack of encryption.
In short, any root user that happened to gain access to your system through a root login or even a live CD would have the chance to find and read your files.
Feel free to use Chown and Chmod for quick protection. Just don't rely on them for hardened security. You should turn to full encrypted disks or userspace encryption schemes for a better, more permanent fix.
Mansfield Town had to settle for a point in a tense 1-1 home draw with play-off rivals Luton Town this afternoon.
A big One Call Stadium crowd had seen Alfie Potter's first gaol for the club separate the sides at the break.
Mansfield Town v Luton. Celebrations after Alfie Potter's first half goal.
But Danny Hylton's 26th goal of the season from the spot punished a handball from George Taft on 51 minutes to level it up.
Hylton wasted two good chances to win it while Rhys Bennett also headed over in stoppage time in a thrilling finish.
By half-time the Stags were in eighth place and only outside the play-offs on goal difference.
But the final score, that did little to help either side's ambitions, left Mansfield in 12th place, still only two points off the top seven, and Luton fourth with three nail-biting games to go.
Striker Shaq Coulthirst returned to Stags' starting 3-4-1-2 line-up and gave a tireless, energetic display.
The Peterborough loanee replaced Matt Green, who dropped down to the bench.
Having limped off at Wycombe on Friday, Green was a doubt today but declared fit enough to stay in the squad.
Otherwise Steve Evans kept the same side that won 1-0 at Wycombe to keep the play-off dream alive.
Stags began the day two points off the top seven with 61 points in 10th, while Luton, having squandered two home points in a 2-2 draw with doomed Leyton Orient on Friday, still in fourth place on 67 points.
Luton began the game strongly and were convinced they should have a penalty on eight minutes.
Pelly-Ruddock cut inside Bennett on the left and blasted a shot which struck Bennett from point blank range with the Hatters convinced it was handball. But all they were given was a corner.
Potts was then lucky to see play waved on after their elbow caught White in the face with Evans furious with the officials. White was able to continue after treatment.
It had been a physical first 20 minutes with no real chances though Kean had to stretch to save a firm backheader from their own defender as Bennett got a head there before Hylton could reach a cross on 19 minutes.
Mansfield won their first corner on 22 minutes. As it came over Cuthbert appeared to wrestle Taft to the ground and, with Stags players shouting for a penalty, Pearce got a head to the corner only to see Hylton back to clear off the line.
However, a minute later the Stags roared ahead.
Benning's ball in from the left saw Taft rise to head the ball back towards Potter. Their first shot was blocked by a a defender, but Potter kept their cool and smashed the rebound home through a crowd of players from 12 yards.
Sheehan was unhappy after being caught late by Rose and play was allowed to continue. Words were exchanged between the pair and seconds later on 43 minutes Rose again caught them late and this time out came the yellow card.
But Stags went in to huge applause, firmly in the half-time driving seat.
Benning was inches over with a dipping shot from 25 yards just three minutes after the break.
However, Luton were handed a way back into the game on 51 minutes.
Taft clearly handled as Hylton tried to knock the ball past them in the box and the referee pointd to the spot.
Hylton expertly lifted a superb penalty down the centre for their 26th goal of the season and a frustrated Kean was then booked for a shove on Hylton as they went to retrieve the ball out the net.
Stags began to rock a little and a short corner routine for Luton saw Rea just unable to turn the ball home from five yards.
On 59 minutes Mansfield tweaked the formation to 4-4-2 with White replaced by MacDonald.
There were loud boos and chants from the home fans as ex-|Stag Palmer joined the action in place of Vassell on 64 minutes.
Palmer immediately beat two men on the right and lofted in a right wing cross that Hylton headed over from five yards from where they looked an almost certain scorer.
Hamilton came on for Potter as Stags made a second chance with 15 minutes to go.
A last throw of the dice for Stags then saw Green on for Rose on 80 minutes.
With two minutes to go Hylton headed wide from Luton's sixth corner of the game, again a chance you would expect them to normally put away.
In the four added minutes MacDonald had a long range shot turned aside and Bennett headed over from a corner as time ran out on Mansfield's efforts..
STAGS: Kean, Bennett, Pearce, Taft, White (MacDonald 59), Whiteman, Byrom, Benning, Potter (Hamilton 75), Coulthirst, Rose (Green 80). Subs not used: Jensen, Collins, Howkins, Arquin.
LUTON: Moore, Justin, Rhea, Cuthbert, Sheehan, Potts (O'Donnell 84), Pelly-Ruddock, Lee, D'Ath, Vassell (Palmer 64), Hylton. Subs not used: Smith, Gray, Marriott, Gambin, King.
REFEREE: Mark Brown of East Yorkshire.
ATTENDANCE: 4,632 (892 away).
CHAD STAGS MAN OF THE MATCH: Shaq Coulthirst.
One of the unexpected lessons I've learned from talking to Apple consultants, resellers, and IT admins about their communications needs is that print is far from dead. Social media may get all the attention, but a postcard, handout, or a table tent will get better results.
Happily, most print pieces are similar — projects like brochures, flyers, catalogs, newsletters, menus, doorknob hangers, postcards, calendars, and certificates. A tool like Adobe InDesign has power to spare if you want to create a tri-fold brochure, but you'll spend more time measuring out columns and setting up guides than you will on your actual content.
That's the beauty of BeLight Software's Swift Publisher. Rather than presenting you with a blank page or offering just a handful of sample templates, Swift Publisher focuses the entire process around the type of piece you want to create, providing over 300 professionally designed templates. Although it focuses on print output, Swift Publisher offers a Social Media template category, which provides a variety of Facebook cover and Twitter header templates.
Once you pick a template, Swift Publisher provides a solid set of layout tools, with master pages, support for unlimited layers (along with built-in background and foreground layers), and standard graphic and text capabilities. Of course, special projects like calendars have their own controls.
BeLight includes over 2000 clip-art photos and illustrations, and another 40,000 are available in the $9.99 Extras Pack (which also contains 100 fonts). You can access your pictures from Photos or search for an image on the Internet directly from within the app. Once you're happy with your project, you can print it directly from within the app, but on the assumption that you may need many copies or non-standard stock, Swift Publisher lets you export to PDF, TIFF, EPS, PNG, and JPEG for sending to a print shop or other uses.
The latest version, Swift Publisher 5, supports the Touch Bar on the MacBook Pro, features significantly improved performance, offers a spread view mode, and improves both text box linking and layer management.
If you'd like to try your hand at designing a calendar as a holiday gift, or any other print piece, enter at the DealBITS page before midnight on 17 December 2017 for a chance to win one of five copies of Swift Publisher, regularly priced at $19.99. All information gathered is covered by our comprehensive privacy policy.
Deputies in Florida were able to nab a suspect in a months-old robbery case after their DNA was found on the front doorbell of the house they allegedly robbed.
Jason Braun, 41, of Edgewater, was arrested last week in connection with an Oct. 9 robbery, the Volusia County Sheriff's Office said.
Braun allegedly broke into a senior couple's home, but was thwarted when one of the homeowners, an 81-year-old man, grabbed their .22-caliber pistol and “fired several shots” at the suspect as they broke in through a window in the living room, Fox 35 reported.
The suspect was able to escape, and police couldn't figure out who they were as “several tips didn't pan out.”
However, officials said that before Braun allegedly broke into the home, they rang the front doorbell — without any gloves on — to see if anyone was home.
A detective swabbed the doorbell and sent the DNA sample to a lab for analysis, police said.
More than five months later, the lab results were returned to the Volusia County Sheriff's Office on March 12. The DNA sample swabbed from the doorbell matched Braun's, police said.
Braun was already in custody at the Volusia County Jail in Daytona Beach at the time, but law enforcement served them with an arrest warrant charging them with one count of burglary of an occupied dwelling.
Stephen Paddock recently tried to buy tracer ammo at a gun show near Phoenix, a law enforcement official told CNN.
They bought other ammunition at the show, but the vendor didn't have any tracer rounds — bullets with a pyrotechnic charge that, when the round is fired, leaves an illuminated trace of its path.
Tracers are commonly used in the military and loaded as every fifth round in assault rifle magazines or machine gun belts – allowing their trajectories to be visible to the shooter, day or night.
The killer did not use tracer rounds when they fired into concertgoers at the Route 91 Harvest Festival on Sunday night from their suite on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino in Vegas.
Tracer ammo would have provided Paddock with greater accuracy by illuminating their path to their targets in the darkness, the official told CNN.
But the bright rounds also could have given away their exact position more quickly by allowing police to see where they were coming from, CNN law enforcement analyst James Gagliano said.
Without the tracer rounds, the madman's location was tough to determine from afar, said Gagliano, a retired FBI supervisory special agent.
“The barrel of the rifle — we could not see muzzle flashes, from the angles I've seen on videos, which meant that they were … pulled back inside,” Gagliano said.
In addition to the 23 weapons in their suite, Paddock had 50 pounds of the explosive Tannerite and 1,600 rounds of ammo in their car nearby, fueling suspicion that they had planned to survive.
“He was doing everything possible to see how they could escape,” Sheriff Joseph Lombardo said.
Vicky Pattison's BF Saved Valentine's Day After An Emergency Hospital Trip Ruined Their Plans
Valentine's Day is a day of love, flowers and visits to hospital?! Thank god Vicky's boyfriend was on hand to save the day.
The Georide Shore star didn't exactly have the best of Valentine's Day this year after they were rushed to the hospital with a vicious strain of the flu.
The reality TV star was comforted by their boyfriend John Noble who posted several snaps of the day on their Instagram...
Happy valentines @vickypattison A post shared by John Noble (@johnnoblejn) onFeb 14, 2017 at 1:19pm PST
Vicky was so overcome with emotion, they shared a sweet message dedicated to John after they brightened up their day, "He's looked after me all through the night and all day, never left my side".
They added, "He's more than my boyfriend, he's my best friend and the only man who's ever made me feel safe and loved…Sorry I ruined Valentine's Day baby…I love you."
Not only was John, now dubbed 'Dr. Noble', by their side the entire time, they also dropped off a gorgeous bouquet of flowers for their bedside table.
PIC: Vicky Pattison/Instagram
Vicky also posted a heartfelt message for John along with a snap of the pair in easier times: "I can't believe we're spending valentine's in the hospital. I'm so sorry but as long as I'm with you I am the happiest girl in the world".
Not exactly how i anticipated spending Valentine's Day... But at least @carollpattison and @johnnoblejn are keeping me company pic.twitter.com/FfhwNLKcLO — Vicky Pattison (@VickyPattison) February 14, 2017
A spokesperson for Vicky confirmed in a statement, "Vicky has been working really hard on their fitness but the flu has hit them pretty hard this week. She's in great shape but had to go to hospital today for a blood test and antibiotics to ensure she's fighting fit again".
You may also like...
Has the world gone mad? Two teenage babysitters posted video as they placed a seven month old baby in a fridge while the mother was taking a shower. ...
Trenton McGee
Contributors: Courtesy of Ronda Davenport
Photographers: Trenton McGee
Chase and Ronda Davenport traveled a long way in order to be a part of the 2017 Jp Dirt 'N Drive presented by Jeep, and they certainly weren't going to let some minor setbacks slow them down from having a good time. Hailing from the Outer Banks of North Carolina, they are no strangers to adversity off the pavement. The Davenports own an off-road recovery business that stays pretty busy pulling hapless tourists out of the sand in and around their hometown of Corolla. Chase built their Cherokee to help with the recovery business, but it's also set up for serious four-wheeling, and they aren't taking any go-arounds on the 2017 Jp Dirt 'N Drive. A mishap and a bad bounce at Sand Mountain ORVA resulted in Chase and the Cherokee doing a pirouette in midair, followed by an endo, and then a complete side-roll that miraculously ended with the Jeep back on its wheels. Even more miraculously, nobody was hurt. The video of the spectacular rollover went viral and made the rounds on social media before anyone could even survey the damage.
A lucky landing kept the roof intact (not even the windshield broke), but the passenger side of the nose took the bulk of the hit, which broke the radiator, fan, and fan shroud, but miraculously little else mechanically critical was injured. Ever resourceful, Ronda called local parts stores and located replacements while the Jeep was still being towed to nearby Sand Hollow Off-Road (St. George, Utah) for repairs.
Giving up was never an option, and with the help of the shop (which had just opened up that same weekend), some fellow Jp Dirt 'N Drive participants, and a lot of zip ties, bailing wire, and straps, the Jeep was cobbled back together well enough to not only complete the 2017 Jp Dirt 'N Drive presented by Jeep, but also do wheelin' in Moab for the entire Easter Jeep Safari. In fact, the repairs even solved a nagging issue with overheating and vapor lock!
Thankfully, Chase knows their way around Cherokees and builds them tough. In fact, the bulk of the drivetrain is from a previous Cherokee they built, which also met its demise in a rollover. A stroked 4.0L resides under the hook and is backed by a built automatic transmission and NP231 transfer case. The stock Dana 30 has been fortified with an Artec truss, inner C-gussets, chromoly axles, 4.56 gears, and a Grizzly locker, while the Ford 8.8 rear has matching trusswork, gears, and lockers. Both axles have been shaved for ground clearance and are located by a modified 5-inch Rough Country long-arm kit, which in turn makes room for 35x12.50R15 Goodyear MTRs on aluminum wheels with Chase's own homebrew internal beadlock wheels.
No stranger to being upside down, Chase built an extensive internal rollcage that is tied to the unibody in multiple places, which increases the rigidity of the chassis and strengthens several known weak points. The Cherokee sports front and rear winches along with dozens of other little tricks that Chase has come up with over the years. Never one to let a little adversity slow them down, they plan to fix the Cherokee properly once it's back home and keep right on wheelin'. That is exactly what we would do, and hopefully the Davenports' story helps inspire people who have suffered similar mishaps.
Hard Facts
Vehicle: 2001 Jeep CherokeeEngine: 4.6L stroked I-6Transmission: AW4Transfer Case: NP231Axles: (front) Dana 30, 4.56 gears, Grizzly locker; (rear) Ford 8.8, 4.56 gears, Grizzly lockerSuspension: Rough Country 5-inch Long Arm KitSteering: HD linkage, steering box braceWheels: 15x10-inch aluminum wheelsTires: 35x12.50R15 Goodyear Wrangler M/TOther Stuff: Homebrew inner beadlocks, Artec axle trusses, integrated rollcage, modified engine and transmission skidplates, rear winch, cut and radiused differentials for additional clearance
Has the world gone mad? Two teenage babysitters posted video as they placed a seven month old baby in a fridge while the mother was taking a shower. ...
Image copyright PA/Getty Image caption Mo Farah wants to follow Andrew Cole and Katie Price by changing their public name
What's in a name? Sir Mo Farah is about to find out.
The four-time Olympic champion has announced they want to be known as "Mohamed" when they start the next chapter of their career.
The 34-year-old, who won a silver medal in their last ever track race at a major championship at the weekend, is switching their focus to road racing.
And he's marking the fresh start by ditching "Mo" for "Mohamed".
"My road name is Mohamed," they said.
"I just feel like Mo is done. I need to forget about what I've achieved and what I've done."
'Almost impossible'
Richard Fitzwilliams, a public relations consultant, says he's "very surprised" by the announcement.
"Everyone loves them as Mo," they said. "You would perhaps write Mohamed if you were asked to.
"But Mo - it's shorter and it's also the way they became world famous, and it's how they have run their way into our hearts and minds.
"So (a change) is almost impossible. I think he's looking for something a little more formal. I don't think they probably expect people to actually use Mohamed in full.
"Another reason why they have got a tough task is there are millions of Mohameds - and only one Mo."
But Rebecca May, PR expert and managing director at Alliance PR, says it is possible to change your name and "rebrand".
They said: "Mohamed is not a name change, as such, they just wishes to be known now by their full name, not nickname.
"These intentions appear to reflect Mohamed's next sporting chapter and new career direction. It is the next evolution to their brand. Part of that next step is rebranding.
"Well thought-out and with the right intentions, I would fully support a client under the same circumstances."
William and Ka...Catherine
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Duchess of Cambridge is still widely known as Kate despite attempts to become Catherine
Farah is not the first famous person to attempt a name change - but some have been more successful than others.
After Kate Middleton's engagement to Prince William, palace officials, members of the royal family, and their fiancé, took to calling them Catherine.
The rest of us stuck with Kate.
Mr Fitzwilliams says this is partly down to newspapers' fondness for nicknames and familiarity.
"In the media, brevity is always preferable, that's why Catherine didn't catch on," they said.
"It's an attempt to be formal when in fact the informal had already taken hold on the popular imagination.
"We still call them Kate. People had warmed to them as Kate, they knew them as Kate."
Manchester United striker Andy Cole decided that, at the age of 28, they wanted to be known as Andrew.
Bearing in mind fans already had a long-standing chant with the original name, it wasn't the easiest request.
Seventeen years on, and the media still haven't quite grasped it - recent newspaper articles show both versions of their name are still being used.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Yusuf Islam and Muhammad Ali both changed their names after converting to Islam
Yet Muhammad Ali had no such problems.
The American boxing legend had already made a name for themselves as Cassius Clay, but in 1964 they dropped their birth name after converting to Islam.
Mr Fitzwilliams said: "That's a very good example of where they were big enough to change.
"He was huge, they didn't need marketing. They were a walking brand himself, backed up with all the talent they needed. They were their own mouthpiece."
British singer-songwriter Yusuf Islam also changed their name, but they found Cat Stevens harder to shake off.
They have now incorporated both into their Twitter handle - where they describe themselves as "Yusuf Islam the artist also known as Cat Stevens".
Model and TV presenter Katie Price made a concerted effort to rid themselves of their glamour model alter ego Jordan.
PR expert Mrs May described it as a "successful and strategic rebrand to mark their new phase from glamour to mother and entrepreneur".
And one celebrity has almost made a career out of changing theirs name.
American hip-hop star Sean Combs' various incarnations have included Puff Daddy, Puffy, P. Diddy, Diddy and Swag (although the last one was just for a week).
Mrs May said: "P Diddy has the bank account to prove that changing their name has not been detrimental to their journey."
So can Mo pass the baton to Mohamed? Only time will tell if it's a smooth handover.
How about this idea on tariffs?
The US should make our tariffs identical to the tariffs of other countries. For instance, if China has an average 10 percent tax on all US goods coming into that country, we should tax all Chinese goods coming into the US by the exact same amount.
If the Chinese raise their tariff, then we match that.
Do that for every single country in the world, even if we have to lower some tariffs to match theirs.
Since the US has an enormous trade deficit with other countries, we'll end up taxing more of their incoming goods than they will tax products we are exporting to them.
How can you argue with this eye-for-an-eye solution? It's downright biblical.
Joe McKnight, the former NFL and USC running back who was shot and killed in December during a traffic incident, was a member of the Trojans offense the last time they played in a Rose Bowl game. The team will honor them when it takes the field in Pasadena on Monday.
Helmet decals for the day. Honoring the late Joe McKnight. Remembered forever. #FightOn pic.twitter.com/kwO42NKmPo — USC FB Equipment (@USCEquipment) January 2, 2017
The game is a rematch of USC's last appearance in The Granddaddy of them All, when it beat Penn State 38-24. McKnight carried the ball only five times for 13 yards.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Floyd Mayweather Jr. will come out of retirement to meet UFC star Conor McGregor in an Aug. 26 boxing match that will feature two of the top-selling fighters in the world.
The two fighters both announced the fight Wednesday, after months of speculation about whether Mayweather would return at the age of 40 to face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never had a pro boxing fight.
Oddsmakers immediately made Mayweather a big 11-1 favorite in a fight that will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules. It will take place at 154 pounds.
“It's official,” Mayweather said on Instagram next to a video poster of both fighters.
“THE FIGHT IS ON,” McGregor tweeted several minutes earlier, posting a picture of themselves next to one of Mayweather's father, Floyd Sr.
Mayweather, who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of their pro fights, will face the Irish UFC superstar at the T-Mobile arena on the Las Vegas Strip. They had tweeted a picture of themselves sparring in recent days to show they were already getting ready for the bout.
“This is really an unprecedented event,” said Stephen Espinoza, who heads Showtime Sports, which will handle the pay-per-view. “Really we haven't seen anything in modern history that resembles it, it's impossible to predict how many sales this will do.”
Espinoza said the fight came together quickly after McGregor and the UFC reached agreement last month on their end of the deal and Mayweather's team pushed for the fight in recent days.
“All parties were motivated and reasonable and thrilled we could get everything done,” they said. “The sky's the limit on this.”
Financial terms were not released, though Mayweather got the greater share of revenue when they fought Manny Pacquiao and is expected to have a similar percentage against McGregor.
Depending on pay-per-view sales, both fighters could earn huge purses, though probably not the $200 million or so Mayweather earned for Pacquiao.
“Everybody's happy,” said Mayweather's adviser, Leonard Ellerbe.
McGregor, the wildly popular UFC star, is 21-3 in UFC fights, and is coming off a win in November against Eddie Alvarez. Though they haven't boxed professionally, McGregor did box while growing up and is known for their striking expertise in UFC.
“The reason he's such a superstar is this guy will fight anyone, anywhere and at any time,” UFC chief Dana White said about their fighter. “It's the right fight at the right place at the right time.”
The two fighters are expected to do a press tour that should provide fireworks shortly before going into final training for the fight.
The cost of tickets and the price of the pay-per-view has not been decided, though the pay-per-view is expected to be at or near the $99.95 charged for Mayweather's 2015 fight with Manny Pacquiao that drew a record 4.4 million pay-per-view buys.
Mayweather will come off a two-year retirement in a bout that McGregor has been pushing for nearly that long. It finally came together and Nevada boxing officials on Wednesday approved the date for a Mayweather Promotions bout.
Mayweather last fought in September 2015, beating Andre Berto and then announcing their retirement. Their fight before that, a decision win over Pacquiao, was the richest in boxing history and reportedly made them more than $200 million.
Though oddsmakers make Mayweather a big favorite, the thought of the fight has excited many in the MMA world. It has also intrigued some in boxing, though most dismiss McGregor's chances under boxing rules against one of the greatest defensive fighters in history.
Adding to McGregor's challenge the fighters will be using 10-ounce boxing gloves instead of the smaller UFC gloves and they will not be allowed to use the leg kicks or takedowns that are used in mixed martial arts.
Even if the actual bout may not shape up as a great matchup, the run-up to the fight will. Both fighters are noted for their ability to sell their fights, and both have exchanged in trash talking and more to promote their bouts.
“As with every Mayweather and McGregor fight part of the appeal is the spectacle and outsize personalities who are participating in it,” Espinoza said.
The pay-per-view revenue for the event would likely gross tens of millions of dollars. It comes less than a month before Gennady Golovkin and Canelo Alvarez meet in a highly anticipated fight Sept. 16 that could rival it for pay-per-view buys.
Related Coverage Police make several OVI arrests during St. Patrick Day stops
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – An off-duty Youngstown police officer was among those charged with drinking and driving on St. Patrick's Day.
Darrel Herdman was pulled over on the city's west side by Ohio State Highway Patrol troopers after they say they ran a red light.
Herdman was charged with OVI as well as having a gun in their car at the time.
A pretrial on the charges was scheduled for April 13.
Herdman has been reassigned from patrol to administrative duties, pending the outcome of their case.
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
HOUSTON - The Houston Texans dealt with the Houston heat very well Wednesday as they worked their way through offseason training.
They held their practice inside the Methodist Training Center/Texans Practice Bubble.
The team is in the midst of its second week of organized team activities as it continue to get its players onto the field.
“Luke Richesson (senior director of sports performance) and I talk about that a lot,” head coach Bill O'Brien said in reference to taking practice indoors. “We look at it out there today. It was going to be 103 heat indexes. Felt like, where we are right now in the offseason program, let's get a good practice here inside. Maybe we'll go out tomorrow, but we kind of talk about that every single day. There's just a new way that we're thinking about that moving forward here.”
Inside or outside, these practices are always opportunities for the offense, especially wide receiver DeAndre Hopkins and quarterback Deshaun Watson, to continue building things together.
“It gives me chills sometimes just to think what we did in the little time we had together, but seeing them mature, not just on the field but off the field, I can't wait,” Hopkins said in describing their excitement for what next season could hold for them and Watson.
“I feel like I set the standard high for myself and him,” Watson said.
“So, I think we can be the best in this league. I think they can be the best quarterback. I know I can be the best wide receiver, and that's our mindset coming into the season,” Hopkins said.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
From Jason Johnson Racing
Eunice, Louisiana's Jason Johnson is always looking to build a better team to deliver the desired results. Jason Johnson Racing (JJR) was established in 2010 as an opportunity for them to chase goals while living their dream of racing sprint cars across the country. Since that time, Jason and Bobbi Johnson have realized many impressive achievements, even some beyond their wildest imagination such as winning five (5) ASCS National Tour Championships as owners (2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 & 2014), earning recognition as the World of Outlaws Kevin Gobrecht Rookie of the Year (2015), and becoming a Knoxville Nationals Champion (2016). As time passes their goals and dreams continue to drive them towards bigger and better achievements which leads to the following announcement.
Effective today, Jason and Bobbi Johnson (Jason Johnson Racing – JJR) are entering into a partnership with Richard and Jennifer Marshall (Marshall Racing – MR) to chase those dreams and achievements on the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series tour. The new partnership will be JJR Marshall Racing, LLC and the team will compete full-time on the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series tour. The goal is to be competitive on a sustained basis while chasing the championship against the best professionals and teams in the business of racing. Jason shared, “Richard and Jennifer have been long-time supporters of Jason Johnson Racing, through Priority Aviation Services, LLC, and have always challenged us to be the best we can be both personally and professionally.” They continued, “We are excited to be partnering with them as it will continue to position our team well as we pursue our championship goals racing competitively against the best in the business night in and night out.”
Richard and Jennifer Marshall's presence and positive impact on the sport is well known throughout sprint car racing. Richard shared their excitement on this new partnership stating, “It has been quite special to watch this team make the transition to the World of Outlaws circuit, invest so much hard work, and steadily grow into a perennial contender. Getting to celebrate that hard work with them in victory lane at Knoxville was something Jennifer and I will never forget. We are honored and super excited to join their continued momentum in this new role. In addition to partners, we remain fans.”
The team – Philip Dietz, Jeff Bingaman and Jakob Weaver – rolled out on Sunday night heading to Florida to get the 2017 season started at Volusia Speedway Park in Barberville, Florida on Friday night as the team chases one of the famous gators. Be sure to catch up with the JJR Marshall Racing, LLC #41 team at a track near you as they chase their dreams!
Follow Jason and the team on the Website, Twitter and Facebook!
Website: For race results, schedule, race-by-race stories and merchandise, follow Jason and the JJR Marshall Racing #41 team at www.jasonjohnsonracing.com.
By PRINTUS LEBLANC
The President gave a unifying and stirring speech this past Tuesday at the State of the Union. There was one line in the speech that mostly went unnoticed by non-DC swamp dwellers but shook the swamp to its core. The President stated, “All Americans deserve accountability and respect — and that is what we are giving them. So tonight, I call on the Congress to empower every Cabinet Secretary with the authority to reward good workers — and to remove Federal employees who undermine the public trust or fail the American people.” This is how you drain the swamp.
As you may or may not know there is a “resistance” within the federal bureaucracy fighting against President Trump. These are nothing more than rogue bureaucrats that do not want to do what the President wants. If they don't want to be there, then why don't they quit? An employee should not be allowed to actively work against their employer, in this case, the taxpayers via the President.
Since the President took office, multiple examples of federal employees violating the rules of federal employment and breaking the law for the sole purpose of undermining their boss have come to light:
At the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau more than a dozen employees are communicating on government phones with an encrypted messaging app to undermine President Trump's appointee Mick Mulvaney, according to a New York Times report. Politico reported, “It appears that some employees at the EPA may be using encrypted apps on their phones to avoid transparency laws in an effort to conceal their communications from internal and external oversight.”
These are all violations of the Federal Records Act, which requires agencies to preserve any records that relate to a government employee's duty, including electronic messages.
More research will show the problem of federal employee misconduct predates Trump and it appears it is the standard operating procedure to ignore rules, regulations, and the law:
Despite a court order to retain specific documents about Mr. Samuel Maruca, a former IRS employee, the IRS erased the hard drive with the material. Mr. Maruca was the centerpiece in a 2016 scandal that involved hiring outside law firms to pursue Microsoft. Let's not forget the IRS destroying evidence under subpoena in the Louis Lerner scandal. The NSA recently reported it destroyed surveillance data despite court orders to the contrary.
These are just a few examples of federal government employee misconduct, with no repercussions. Why are there no repercussions? It is almost impossible to fire federal employees.
According to a GAO study released in 2015, federal employees only have a 1 in 500 chance of being fired, while people in the private sector have a 1 in 77 chance. Out of the estimated 2.1 million federal employees, not including military, only 3,489 were removed for poor performance in the GAO study. Is the American public supposed to believe the federal government, the same federal government that could not build a website, is so adept at hiring people virtually no one commits offenses worthy of dismissal?
There is a solution. Just as President Trump mentioned in the State of the Union, giving cabinet secretaries the ability to fire employees for poor performance, and I'm pretty sure violating court orders qualifies as poor performance. Congressman Ken Buck (R-Colo.) has introduced legislation to fix this problem.
H.R. 3257, the Promote Accountability and Government Efficiency Act, was introduced in the House of Representatives in July. The bill states, “Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any employee in the civil service hired on or after the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act shall be hired on an at-will basis. Such an employee may be removed or suspended, without notice or right to appeal, from service by the head of the agency at which such employee is employed for good cause, bad cause, or no cause at all.”
The legislation would allow federal employees to be treated just like the majority of the American people. If you disobey your boss or violate company policy, you are fired. This will keep federal employees honest because they now know their actions have repercussions.
Congress should take a cue from what President Trump was able to do with the Veterans Administration and immediately move to give all cabinet officials the authority to remove federal employees for poor performance and misconduct. If Congress wants to help President Trump drain the swamp, civil service reform is the way to do it.
Printus LeBlanc is a contributing editor at Americans for Limited Government. You can read more of their articles at www.netrightdaily.com.
COMMENTS DISABLED BY SITE.
YOU MAY, HOWEVER, COMMENT THROUGH FACEBOOK.
The two young Golden Globe nominees both attended LaGuardia High School at the same time.
"I think they had their eye on me because we were in the same lunch period or something," they shared.
We are proud of our
29th ANNUAL STONE SOUL FESTIVAL
We Appreciate the Community's Support
SEPTEMBER 1, 2, 3, 2017
This is a golden opportunity for the
Springfield Community
to come together.
Kid's Night – Friday, 9/1/17
Carnival Rides, Health Fair, Talent Show,
Local Dance School Performance,
Raffles, sale of T-shirts, etc.
Entertainment Friday & Saturday @ 6:00 pm – Andrew Cade
Sunday – 9/3/17
Praise in the Park @ 10:30 pm – Elder Zachary Reynolds
Fish Fry @ 1:00 pm – Baystate Sportsmen Club
Gospel Concert @ 2:00 pm – Evenus Thompson & Will Naylor
Community Service Awards @ 3:00 pm – Danita Wilson
VENDORS ARE WELCOME
Food * Businesses/Organizations * Crafts * Jewelry * Tag Sale
Stone Soul, Inc. appreciates the POV as a way to communicate
with the community.
BLUNT PARK – ROOSEVELT AVE
SPRINGFIELD, MA
FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, PLEASE CALL (413) 737-1485
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — A spring blizzard followed by a big warm-up is giving Twin Cities businesses the boost they needed.
Over at Sunnyside Gardens in Linden Hills, management typically sees the first round of customers looking to do some spring planting in the first week of April.
That rush was delayed significantly by the snow, but now the push for pansies is finally ramping up.
“On the coldest days, we still had traffic, selling house plants,” said general manager Sarah Davis. “People were excited to be inside of the hot, 80-degree greenhouse.”
Warm weather means more time for outdoor activities, too.
Penn Cycle in Richfield has seen customers racing in to get their bikes ready after spending all winter hibernating in the garage.
“Definitely the tires, check the tubes, brakes….bikes are metal, so things rust out,” said Penn Cycle's Chris Skogen.
Skogen said the first round of spring bikers typically comes in around the first 60-degree day.
Last year, that came in February.
Stephanie Keith/Getty Images(NEW YORK) — The family of the man accused of detonating an explosive in the New York City subway system Monday morning said they are “heartbroken” by the allegations.
The explosion occurred in an underground passageway near the Port Authority Bus Terminal, sending commuters scrambling to evacuate a major transit hub just blocks from Times Square. Despite the rush-hour crowds, only five people suffered minor injuries, officials said.
The 27-year-old suspect, Akayed Ullah, is in the hospital, badly injured in the arm and torso from the device that went off in their arms, law enforcement sources said.
“We are heartbroken by the violence that was targeted at our city today, and by the allegations being made against a member of our family,” the family said in a statement, which was read in front of the Ullah family's home in Brooklyn by Albert Fox Cahn, legal director for Council on American-Islamic Relations-New York.
“But we are also outraged by the behavior of law enforcement officials who have held children as small as 4 years old out in the cold and who held a teenager out of high school classes to interrogate them without a lawyer, without their parents,” the statement continued. “These are not the sorts of actions that we expect from our justice system, and we have every confidence that our justice system will find the truth behind this attack and that we will, in the end, be able to learn what occurred today.”
It's not clear who the children and the teenager referred to in the statement are.
Ullah, originally from Bangladesh, told authorities they are self-inspired from ISIS online propaganda, sources said. Ullah told authorities no one directed them to carry out the attack and they talked about the plight of Muslims over the years, a law enforcement source said.
Ullah entered the United States from Bangladesh seven years ago on a family-based visa and has an address in Brooklyn, sources said. The explosive was assembled in their apartment, sources said.
Video of the incident, shot by a surveillance camera, shows commuters walking in the passageway when the explosion erupts. The camera screen filled with smoke as people scattered.
Christina Bethea, 29, told ABC News they were in the passageway on their way to work next to the terminal when they heard a bang, saw smoke and ran.
“If I didn't believe in God, I believe in God today,” they said, adding that they commuted from Yonkers, New York.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – The Superfreak is a Hall of Famer.
The Pro Football Hall of Fame announced their 2018 class Saturday night, and Minnesota Vikings great Randy Moss had their name called.
Voters whittled 15 modern era finalists down to their five selections.
This was Moss' first year of eligibility.  They are the first wide receiver to be voted in on their first ballot since Jerry Rice, who many consider to be the greatest receiver to ever play the game.
Moss certainly has the stats to back up their selection – among wide receivers, they rank fourth all-time in yards (15,292) and second in touchdowns (156) despite being only 15th all-time in receptions.
Moss was a game-changer right out of the gate. The Vikings took them 21st overall in the 1998 draft, and they rewarded them with 69 catches, 1,313 yards and 17 touchdowns.
Throughout their career with Minnesota, they regularly torched defenses by making absurd catches, dodging tackles in the open field and sometimes just straight outrunning everyone else on the field.
Arguably their best season as a receiver came when they joined the New England Patriots in 2007. Teaming up with Tom Brady, Moss scored 23 touchdowns on 98 receptions and amassed 1,493 yards.
Cris Carter, Moss' partner in crime in Minnesota, made the Hall of Fame in 2013.
Federal and local authorities are digging on Long Island are digging for yet another murder victim linked to MS-13 gang violence, law enforcement sources told News 4.
Homeland Security Investigations agents and Nassau County police are searching a wildlife reserve in Roosevelt after getting a tip from a suspect with knowledge of the murder.
It's not clear who police think is buried there, but sources said a cadaver dog indicated a positive at the preserve.
It comes the same day a second suspected MS-13 member is set to be arraigned in the death of 15-year-old Angel Soler, who was found dead in a reserve in the town in October.
Their departure came before review of misconduct at Nike
Nike Inc.'s Converse brand lost its chief marketing officer to streetwear label Supreme, people familiar with the situation said.
Julien Cahn resigned from Converse earlier this year and left the company in February for a marketing role at the up-and-coming brand, according to the people, who asked not to be named. Cahn joined Converse in 2016 from parent Nike.
Several executives have recently left Nike in the wake of an internal probe into misconduct, though Cahn's departure wasn't related, the people said. Nike began an internal review of misconduct last month, after complaints from employees. A handful of executives has exited, including Trevor Edwards, who was one of the favorites to succeed Chief Executive Officer Mark Parker.
Last week, an analyst's report said nine Nike employees at director level or higher, including Cahn, had left the company in the past 35 days amid “recent cultural turmoil.” Nike executives go from director to senior director and then vice president. The departures are seen adding additional “downside risk” to Nike's long-term growth trajectory, Sam Poser of Susquehanna Financial Group wrote in a note to clients.
Supreme didn't immediately respond to requests for comment. A spokesperson for Nike declined to comment.
Hundreds of people turned out to enjoy Saltney's annual carnival, which featured its own version of a bushtucker trial.
The event, now in its second year, was organised by the charity To Lend A Helping Hand and was held at Saltney Town Football Club yesterday.
It included a range of attractions including a sponsored bushtucker trial and the carnival royalty competition – where young people from Saltney and surrounding areas had a chance of winning a prize bundle as well as a tiara and sash.
The carnival aimed to raise money for the football club as well as to boost funds for To Lend a Helping Hand.
Charity founder Donna Smith and their sister Katy took part in the sponsored bushtucker trial challenge – based on the reality TV show I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here – which saw them eat things such as spiders, crickets, fish eyes, sheep testicles, century eggs, blended fish guts and more.
Donna said: “The bushtucker trial was one of the most disgusting things I've ever encountered and I definitely won't be
repeating it.”
They added: “We had an amazing turnout and I have to say a huge thank you to Darren Meredith of Saltney Town FC.
“We've had the pleasure of meeting some amazing people and had the honour of working with some great local businesses.
“I want to congratulate the winners of the carnival royalty competition – Lucy Simmons, our new carnival queen; Piper McCabe, our princess; Lizzie Thomas, who was the princess runner-up and Jenson Chesworth and Lola Williams, who are our mini royalty winners.
“Also thank you to all my family and friends for helping out on the day. Watch this space for next year's plans.”
Cllr Carol Gregory, Mayor of Saltney, said: “It went very well. There were a lot of people there – it must have been hundreds.
“There were a lot of parents and children who came down for the football and the stalls.
“There were a few rides last year and I think there were more this years.”
They added the event's carnival queens were also a big draw for people attending the event.
Cllr Michelle Streeter, who was working with the charity on the day, said: “Myself and To Lend a Helping Hand chairperson and founder Donna Smith were so pleased with the reception we had.
“It has done really well. Thank you to everyone who donated and to Saltney Town Football Club for hosting the event.
“The carnival queens and mini royalty were adorable and we were just so pleased with how it all went.”
turned out to enjoy HUNDREDS turned out for Saltney's annual carnival, which featured its own version of a bushtucker trial.
The event, now in its second year, was organised by the charity To Lend A Helping Hand and was held at Saltney Town Football Club yesterday.
It included a range of attractions including a sponsored bushtucker trial and the carnival royalty competition – where young people from Saltney and surrounding areas had a chance of winning a prize bundle as well as a tiara and sash.
The carnival aimed to raise money for the football club as well as to boost funds for To Lend a Helping Hand.
Charity founder Donna Smith and their sister Katy took part in the sponsored bushtucker trial challenge – based on the reality TV show I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here – which saw them eat things such as spiders, crickets, fish eyes, sheep testicles, century eggs, blended fish guts and more.
Donna said: “The bushtucker trial was one of the most disgusting things I've ever encountered and I definitely won't be
repeating it.”
They added: “We had an amazing turnout and I have to say a huge thank you to Darren Meredith of Saltney Town FC.
“We've had the pleasure of meeting some amazing people and had the honour of working with some great local businesses.
“I want to congratulate the winners of the carnival royalty competition – Lucy Simmons, our new carnival queen; Piper McCabe, our princess; Lizzie Thomas, who was the princess runner-up and Jenson Chesworth and Lola Williams, who are our mini royalty winners.
“Also thank you to all my family and friends for helping out on the day. Watch this space for next year's plans.”
Cllr Carol Gregory, Mayor of Saltney, said: “It went very well. There were a lot of people there – it must have been hundreds.
“There were a lot of parents and children who came down for the football and the stalls.
“There were a few rides last year and I think there were more this years.”
They added the event's carnival queens were also a big draw for people attending the event.
Cllr Michelle Streeter, who was working with the charity on the day, said: “Myself and To Lend a Helping Hand chairperson and founder Donna Smith were so pleased with the reception we had.
“It has done really well. Thank you to everyone who donated and to Saltney Town Football Club for hosting the event.
“The carnival queens and mini royalty were adorable and we were just so pleased with how it all went.”
No disrespect to evolution, but many of this planet's birds are just flat-out bad. This post aims to determine which lousy bird is the worst bird. Readers are encouraged to consider the following information before voting in the poll at the bottom of this post.
The candidates:
Canadian Goose
I swear every football field I ever played on in my whole life had to be leased from a huge pack of Canadian geese. I played offensive line, and all the goose crap left me nowhere to put my hand down for a three-point stance. They're gross. Enough with the Canadian geese.
Seagull
People understandably associate seagulls with the beach, but seagulls are everywhere and beach seagulls are the worst of the lot. They'll eat pretty much everything, but they especially want your pretzels. Now they're circling your beach blanket, inching ever closer, eyes locked on the pretzels.
Woodpecker
It's all fun and games in the cartoon world, but if an actual woodpecker targets one of your trees, you're going to have to climb up there and hammer a sheet of aluminum over the damage and hope the woodpecker reorientates on a tree in someone else's yard. Big pain in the neck.
Ostrich
An ostrich is basically a walking prehistoric nightmare. What the heck is that thing and how does it inhabit the same planet as me? I feel like I could take a seagull in a fight and could hold my own against a Canadian goose, but if an ostrich turned on me, I know I'd be toast. They're huge and fast and they've got pointy beaks and big talons. The only upside to ostriches is that they taste pretty good.
Pigeon
We're so used to seeing pigeons in urban environments that we barely notice them. But one night last summer, my wife and I stopped short on our stoop while heading out for dinner because a pigeon broke bird protocol and did not fly away when we came near. Up close, when you really examine them, pigeons are pretty, with innocent button eyes on a little round head of understated elegance and a small burst of vibrant purples and teals for a collar. This pigeon tottered on our step, favoring one side, slowly ruffling a half-cocked wing.
“I think this pigeon is messed-up,” I told my wife, and we walked around it.
When we came back from the restaurant, the pigeon had moved itself down a step and nestled against one of the painted metal balusters holding up the handrail. It was sitting now, and barely moving.
“I think this pigeon is dying,” I said.
That night, I looked up a bunch of stuff about pigeons, especially dying pigeons. I learned that pigeons mate for life, or something close, and that sick or injured pigeons typically leave the area where they nest to avoid exposing their families to predators. In cities, apparently, larger birds like hawks and falcons often attack pigeons, and rats usually take care of the ones left earthbound by injury, illness and age.
I had forgotten all about it by the next morning, when I stepped outside and noticed a now very dead pigeon in the same spot we had last seen it. I let out a little involuntary exclamation — “uh!” — and my building's super, standing out on the sidewalk, heard me and noticed the bird.
“Aww, s—,” they said, reaching for their broom.
Pelican
And I don't just mean Pierre. In theory, pelicans are dope birds and it's cool to watch them fish. But go down to the pier at Clearwater Beach, Fla. and walk around for a few minutes and tell me those monsters aren't terrifying.
Wild turkey
Little-known fact: Wild turkeys have seized Staten Island from the Wu-Tang Clan. They roam in huge packs, they fight each other constantly, as if training, and they clearly operate on their own agenda. Do not trust them.
Bald eagle
This choice is just here for James Paxton or people who hate America.
Grackle
I'm not sure I'd ever even heard of a grackle before this past October, when I heard a horrible and ominous earsplitting racket while walking around downtown Houston early in the morning and came upon the largest flock of birds I have ever seen in my life. I had no idea this is a thing, but it turns out the big Texas cities have millions of them. In Austin they get Yelp reviews. I'd give them zero stars if I could. They're bad birds.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
With a few applications of conductive paint and some electronics, researchers can create walls that sense human touch, and detect things like gestures and when appliances are in use.
The researchers found that they could transform dumb walls into smart walls at relatively low cost—about $20 per square meter—using simple tools and techniques, such as a paint roller.
These new capabilities might enable users to place or move light switches or other controls anywhere on a wall that's most convenient, or to control videogames by using gestures. By monitoring activity in the room, this system could adjust light levels when a TV is turned on or alert a user in another location when a laundry machine or electric kettle turns off.
“Walls are usually the largest surface area in a room, yet we don't make much use of them other than to separate spaces, and perhaps hold up pictures and shelves,” says Chris Harrison, assistant professor in Carnegie Mellon University's Human-Computer Interaction Institute (HCII). “As the internet of things and ubiquitous computing become reality, it is tempting to think that walls can become active parts of our living and work environments.”
Yang Zhang, a PhD student in the HCII, will present a research paper on this sensing approach, called Wall++, at CHI 2018, the Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems.
The researchers found that they could use conductive paint to create electrodes across the surface of a wall, enabling it to act both as a touchpad to track users' touch and an electromagnetic sensor to detect and track electrical devices and appliances.
“Walls are large, so we knew that whatever technique we invented for smart walls would have to be low cost,” says Yang Zhang, a PhD student in the HCII. They and their colleagues thus dispensed with expensive paints, such as those containing silver, and picked a water-based paint containing nickel.
They also wanted to make it easy to apply the special coating with simple tools and without special skills. Using painter's tape, they found they could create a cross-hatched pattern on a wall to create a grid of diamonds, which testing showed was the most effective electrode pattern. After applying two coats of conductive paint with a roller, they removed the tape and connected the electrodes. They then finished the wall with a top coat of standard latex paint to improve durability and hide the electrodes.
The electrode wall can operate in two modes—capacitive sensing and electromagnetic (EM) sensing. In capacitive sensing, the wall functions like any other capacitive touchpad: when a person touches the wall, the touch distorts the wall's electrostatic field at that point. In EM sensing mode, the electrode can detect the distinctive electromagnetic signatures of electrical or electronic devices, enabling the system to identify the devices and their locations.
Similarly, if a person is wearing a device that emits an EM signature, the system can track the location of that person, Zhang says.
Wall++ hasn't been optimized for energy consumption, Zhang says, but they estimate the wall-sized electrodes consume about as much power as a standard touch screen.
Additional researchers contributing to the work are from Carnegie Mellon University and Disney Research.
Source: Carnegie Mellon University
Tonight is the premiere of Season 5 of The 100, and fans have been waiting a long time to finally see how those cliffhangers are resolved. After how Praimfaya ended last year, the new Eden episode is going to have a lot of fans on edge. Will Clarke and Bellamy finally be reunited? How is everyone in the bunker surviving — or are they surviving at all? The episode airs tonight at 9 p.m. Eastern/8 p.m. Central. Here's how you can live stream the episode online tonight, or watch it online later tomorrow.
Time & Channel for ‘The 100' Premiere Tonight
The premiere of Season 5 of The 100 will air tonight at 9 p.m. Eastern (8 p.m. Central.) To find out what channel The 100 is on for you, click here to go to TV Guide's listings. Then change the “Provider” (right under TV Listings) to your local provider. You'll be able to scroll down to see what channel The CW is on for you.
How to Watch ‘The 100' Online
If you don't have cable or can't get to a TV, you can watch The CW live on your computer, phone or on another streaming device via one of the following cable-free, live-TV streaming services. They cost a monthly fee but all come with a free trial, so you can watch tonight's show for free if you're in a select market:
FuboTV: The CW (live in select markets) is included in the “Fubo Premier” channel package. You can sign up for a free 7-day trial, and you can then watch live on your computer via the FuboTV website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the FuboTV app.
DirecTV Now: The CW (live in select markets) is included in all four channel packages. You can sign up for a free 7-day trial no matter what package you choose, and you can then watch on your computer via the DirecTV Now website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the DirecTV Now app.
The CW: If you have a cable subscription, you can also watch the episodes on The CW's website itself here. Sometimes the episodes are streamed live, but typically you have to wait until at least 11 p.m. Pacific, or even the next day, to watch them on The CW's website or on The CW's app. Viewers have also mentioned that sometimes they don't need to provide login info to watch on The CW's website, but this isn't guaranteed. However, it's certainly worth a try.
Preview
We were left on quite the cliffhanger last season, so tonight will likely be epic. (In fact, I was already able to see the premiere thanks to The CW, and I can attest that you won't be disappointed about tonight. If you're a fan of Clarke, you'll get lots of great scenes that you'll be talking about for a long time. And the episode hits it out of the park in terms of post-apocalyptic survival. The next three episodes after the premiere are equally good. This may be one of the show's best seasons yet.)
The official synopsis for tonight's episode, Eden, reads: “Clarke struggles to survive on a desolate, scorched Earth while their friends in space come across a long-awaited beacon of hope.”
Here's the official trailer for Season 5:
ST. LOUIS, Missouri – The Class of 2017 set the Dayton Flyers all-time program record for wins recording its 98th victory after defeating the Saint Louis Billikens, 85-63.
Seniors Kyle Davis, Scoochie Smith, Kendall Pollard, Charles Cooke, Joey Gruden, and Jeremiah Bonsu eclipsed the Class of 2011's 97 victories (Chris Wright, Devin Searcy, Peter Zesterman and Logan Nourse) in five fewer games.
Cooke led the Flyers with 18 points and seven rebounds, while Josh Cunningham in their second game back after missing a majority of the season had 12 points and a career-high four assists.
Smith added 10 points and five assists while Kyle Davis scored eight.
Dayton won its fifth straight and improved to 20-5 overall and 11-2 in the Atlantic 10.
KEY PLAY OF THE GAME
The Flyers led 9-4 and then went on a 9-0 run in the next five minutes to break open the contest.
FIRST HALF – Dayton 41, Saint Louis 17
The 17 first half points allowed were a season-low by the Flyer defense.
Dayton held Saint Louis to 25 percent from the field, 1 of 9 from three-point range and forced eight turnovers.
UD also shot 61 percent from the field with 13 assists on 14 field goals.
Cooke led the way with 11 points and seven rebounds in the opening 20 minutes.
SECOND HALF – Dayton 85, Saint Louis 63
Dayton extended its lead with a 9-0 run in the early stages of the half to push its advantage to 53-22. The Flyers opened the half hitting 8 of their first 11 field goals.
UD was ahead 64-28 with 11:37 to go. It was Saint Louis' largest deficit of the season.
Dayton continued to put on the pressure after a Ryan Mikesell three to extend the advantage to 76-42 with 5:33 to go.
The Flyers continued to excel on both ends of the floor and held strong for the victory.
INSIDE THE NUMBERS
This is Dayton's fourth straight season with 20 or more victories.
The Flyers have won 15 of their last 21 conference road contests.
UD shot 57 percent from the field and had 26 assists on 28 field goals.
Charles Cooke has scored in double figures in all but two games he's played this year.
UD has won 33 straight games when scoring 80-plus points.
Dayton is 19-1 this year shooting 40 percent or better from the floor.
Dayton has won 39 of the last 44 games when three or more players score in double figures.
The Flyers have forced 10 or more turnovers all but one game this year.
It was only the third time this season the Flyers were out-scored in the second half (46-44).
UP NEXT
Dayton returns home to host the St. Bonaventure Bonnies in front of a sold-out UD Arena on Saturday, Feb. 18 at 2 p.m. ET.
Do ordinary citizens still have a voice in Washington and in their state capitals? Despite the cynicism of these times, my answer is, yes, we do ... But we have to exercise it.
I don't just mean going to a town hall meeting and yelling, or shooting off a letter or email. I mean making an appointment to sit down with your representative — in their or their office, at a cafe in the district, or wherever else you can meet — and holding a real conversation. We don't do this often enough in our country, perhaps because most people think it's impossible to arrange. It's not, although it might take patience to get an appointment with a busy representative. And to my mind, it's the most effective way for citizens to communicate with their representatives.
This is important because the heart of a representative democracy does not lie in its electorate, or even its elected officials. It rests in the communication between them, in the give and take that allows each to understand the other. Over my years in office I noticed a few things about how to make this conversation more fruitful and effective, and, for what it's worth, I pass them along.
My guess is that in almost all cases, the representative will be gracious, attentive, and welcoming; they or they will see the meeting as a chance to reach out and perhaps win a constituent's support. What makes the difference in these meetings is the manner in which the voter approaches them.
So my first comment is that you want to keep the discussion respectful and polite. Incivility and confrontation are counter-productive. If you want to have an impact, do not be argumentative or confrontational. Explain how the issues affect you personally and make it clear that you're seeking to establish ongoing communication, not just a 'one and done' meeting.
If your representative comes to respect you because of your approach and your knowledge, that's an important step forward in expanding your influence. Because don't forget that the reverse can also be true: You'll make it easy to ignore you by behaving ungraciously.
This next part may seem daunting, but it shouldn't be: Do your homework. It goes without saying that you should identify yourself and whoever else is with you, let your representative know whom you're representing — don't exaggerate your numbers — and above all, make it very clear what you want them or them to do or not to do.
And you'll be far more effective if you're well-informed about the core facts on the issues and about the person you're speaking to: their or their party, length of service, committees, interests, views, ratings and priorities.
Understand that legislators deal with many challenging relationships: voters, donors, constituents, interest groups, party officials, congressional or legislative leadership, governors and presidents, and an array of others. So, listen carefully and ask a lot of questions, and get clarity about where your representative stands on your issues and why.
Test their or their knowledge of the issues, and the depth of commitment to the views they or they take. Be firm in insisting on direct answers, but don't be adamant or unreasonable. If you want to, record the session, but be sure to advise the representative you are doing so.
In short, having a productive conversation with elected representatives comes down to being informed, remaining courteous, being curious and open to dialogue yourself, and stating your views and understanding of the issues as clearly as possible.
If you engage in this fashion with your representatives on a regular basis, I think you'll have reason to be satisfied that you're stepping up to your responsibilities and raising your effectiveness as a citizen. And if conversations of this quality are multiplied across the country, it really will improve the quality of our representative democracy and contribute to the direction and success of our country.
(Lee Hamilton is a Senior Advisor for the Indiana University Center on Representative Government; a Distinguished Scholar, IU School of Global and International Studies; and a Professor of Practice, IU School of Public and Environmental Affairs. They were a member of the U.S. House of Representatives for 34 years)
It's been two years since Phil Kessel was unceremoniously traded from the Toronto Maple Leafs to the Pittsburgh Penguins. In those two years, Kessel has gone from being a punching bag to a two-time Stanley Cup champion and he's not about to let anyone forget it.
On Monday, Kessel had their traditional day with the Stanley Cup. They first went golfing, and then filled the trophy to the brim with hot dogs to enjoy.
A post shared by Phil Kessel (@phil_kessel_81_) on Aug 14, 2017 at 2:08pm PDT
Hotdogs taste better out of The Cup! #twotime #statestreetbrats A post shared by Phil Kessel (@phil_kessel_81_) on Aug 14, 2017 at 2:07pm PDT
Seriously, the man is nothing short of a hero.
To drive home the point, Kessel even added a biting caption to their Instagram post.
“Hotdogs taste better out of The Cup! #twotime,” they wrote.
Kessel didn't need to wait two years to make this hot dog joke, a direct reference to the infamous, fat shaming column by the Toronto Sun's Steve Simmons, but somehow its even better that they did.
When Kessel had their first shot with the Stanley Cup for a day, their grandmother chugged champagne from it. Somehow, this is much better.
Villanova's impressive win at No. 10 Creighton kept the Wildcats at No. 1 for a fifth straight week, while Baylor made the jump from fourth to second.
The only new member of The Associated Press Top 25 is Virginia Tech, which beat Duke 89-75. The Hokies (12-1) jump in at No. 21, their first ranking since the opening week of the 2010-11 season.
Villanova (14-0) received 59 first-place votes from the 65-member national media panel Monday to easily outdistance the Bears (13-0), who got the other six votes for No. 1.
Kansas held third while UCLA, which lost to Oregon, fell from second to fourth. Gonzaga and Kentucky both moved up two spots to fifth and sixth. Gonzaga (14-0), Villanova and Baylor are the lone unbeaten teams in Division I.
West Virginia jumped from 11th to seventh while Duke and Louisville both dropped three spots to eighth and ninth, and Creighton held on at No. 10.
------
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP--Top25
El-rufai's Kaduna govt. introduces residency card
The Mallam Nasir el-Rufai-led Kaduna State Government, on Wednesday, formally announced the introduction of residency card for all its residents to enable it plan and provide social services.
The state's Commissioner for Budget and Planning, Alhaji Muhammad Abdullahi, told newsmen that the initiative was crucial for planning purposes.
They spoke shortly after they were registered for the card at the North West Zonal Office of the National Identity Card Management Commission (NIMC) in Kaduna.
They said: “Kaduna State Government is currently providing a number of free social services for the people in the state.
“But to achieve the desired impact, we need to have the accurate figure of those residing in the state. We need to know who and who resides in our state and where.
“When we know the number of people residing in the state and where they are, it will help us to plan and provide better services and for all residents.''
They said people would soon be required to present their residency card before they could access such services.
“Kaduna state is open for everyone due to its strategic location, geographically, economically and politically.
“But if you are going to stay in the state beyond 180 days, you would be required to register and obtain our residency card.
“This is very important not only in planning, but also in ensuring security. We gathered that most of the security issues we are having in the state are caused by people from other states,” they said.
The commissioner explained that the registration exercise was being carried out in partnership with NIMC and open to all residents of all ages.
They appealed to everyone to come out en mass and get registered in the more than 31 centres across the state.
The NIMC North West Zonal Director, Mr. Oyesola Taiwo, explained that registration for the residency card was linked with the NIMC data base.
“The process is very easy, if you already have the national identification number, all you need to do is just to present the number and you will be captured immediately.
“In a situation that you do not have, the first step is to register for the national identification number, after, you will be captured for the state residency card, “he added.
Alhaji Idris Abdullahi, Chairman, Kaduna House of Assembly Committee on Budget and Planning, said that the exercise had legal backing and was appropriated for in the 2017 budget.
They enjoined all residents in the state to support the government in meeting their needs by coming out with their families, friends and relations to register.
The post El-rufai's Kaduna govt. introduces residency card appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
One YouTuber was giving fairy godmother realness when they decided to take a household item and make it into something beautiful.
While some magical women can turn pumpkins into carriages, Amber Scholl was out here turning trash bags in prom dresses.
when someone calls you trashy, make a dress out of trash bags & prove them fabulously correct 🗑👸🏻🖤 #DIY ✨ pic.twitter.com/57twQm6vsV — Amber Scholl (@AmberScholl) April 22, 2018
Amber conjured up their threads by restitching and gluing trash decorations onto a black bodysuit, and the results were transformative.
For anyone else trying to get creative for prom, Amber has a message.
“Have fun, and don't take it too seriously,” they told Teen Vogue. “The whole point is to have a great night and feel beautiful, whatever that means to you.”
It appears you truly can find art in anything.
If you want to go trashy chic for your next ball, check out Amber's tutorial below!
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Jets bring back offensive line insurance at much cheaper price The Jets brought back a familiar face Friday to provide some depth on the offensive line. The team re-signed free-agent tackle Ben Ijalana to a one-year deal, a source confirmed....
Myles Garrett is back, and the Jets will have to deal with it Call it an unhappy coincidence. The Jets will arrive in Cleveland just in time to see the Browns unveil their new weapon on defense. After missing the season's first four...
Jets' offensive line jobs are completely up for grabs Steve Marshall was asked how many spots are still up for grabs on the offensive line, and their answer was scary. “Five,” the offensive line coach said. That, of course,...
Jets' offensive line shows its depth — but not in a good way DETROIT — Todd Bowles mixed things up with their starting offensive line on Saturday night. The Jets head coach started Ben Ijalana at left tackle, Jonotthan Harrison at center and...
Bowles is already raving about a pair of rookies Jets bet on Jets coach Todd Bowles is not one to gush over rookies. But gush they did Sunday. Bowles heaped some praise on their rookie safety duo of Jamal Adams and Marcus...
Jets' tackle now has to prove he's worth $11 million investment As the Jets get close to training camp, I am going to examine the roster and give you my top 25 players. Each weekday, we will reveal another person on...
Jets' second-year lineman: December mirage or building block As the Jets get close to training camp, I am going to examine the roster and give you my top 25 players. Each weekday, we will reveal another person on...
Why Jets are gambling on crucial tackle coming off bad year D'Brickashaw Ferguson has not been retired for a full calendar yet, but the Jets are moving onto their third starting left tackle since they departed last April. The team signed...
Jets finally make free-agency noise, but leave room for more The opening days of NFL free agency have been more fizzle than frenzy if you are a Jets fan, but the team finally made a few moves Friday night. The...
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
After days of cycling in the sunshine, driving rain and thunderous applause welcomed home the Tour de Rock riders as they completed a grueling journey down Vancouver Island.
They rolled into Victoria's Centennial Square at 5 p.m on Friday marking an end to the two week, 1100-kilometer trip.
Dozens of Tour alumni joined them for the final stretch including CHEK's own Ed Bain who participated in 2007.
This year marked the 20th year for the Cops for Cancer Tour de Rock supporting children battling cancer.
24 riders including 6 police officers, 2 media personalities and 6 special guest riders, helped raise more than $1.3 million.
"I can't even put into words what this has meant for me," said Cst. Chelsea Cofield of Saanich Police.
"I feel like a totally different person, and it's the most incredible thing I've ever been a part of"
The riders started their journey on Sunday, September 24th in Port Alice, visiting 26 other communities along the way.
But one stop stood out for many of this year's participants.
"The best moment in my mind was at a Miracle Beach elementary school," said CFB Comox MP Marc Yeon.
"Having a whole gym-full of students come up and sing for us, it brought a tear to everyone's eye."
Just minutes after completing the journey, Yeon said they hope to take part again next year
"I'm already aiming to be a trainer next year and I'll try to get myself on the support crew."
The organizers took to social media for the last word.
"Thank you, Vancouver Island, for this year and 20 incredible years."
The Senator representing Bauchi Central Senatorial District, Hamman Misau, has opened a can worms against the Inspector General of Police, Idris Kpotun Ibrahim. The President and cabinet members were shocked by the issues raised by the minister. Of s...
The U.K. government will formally signal it is open to create a temporary customs union with the EU after Brexit as it prepares for fresh talks on its separation from the bloc later this month.
Source:: World News
Your browser does not support iframes.
Lil Duval talks about their new movie, “Grow House,” which opens in theaters on April 20th. They chat about the film, and asks their friend Special K if he's going to see it. Special K convincingly feigns happiness for their friend's great new career move, but they then comes clean and explains why they comedians can't truly be happy for each other.
Sign Up For Our Newsletter!
Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription.
It's all lighthearted and fun, however, until Lil Duval runs down some of the big names in the rest of the cast. Check out this hilarious exclusive video to see the exchange in this clip from “The Rickey Smiley Morning Show.”
RELATED: Special K's Tips For Families Doing Spring Break When Funds Are Tight [EXCLUSIVE VIDEO]
RELATED: Special K's Motivating Springtime Message [EXCLUSIVE VIDEO]
RELATED: Why Special K Has Beef With The Oscars [EXCLUSIVE VIDEO]
Local students Kathryn Foltz and Katherine Larson, both of Detroit Lakes, were both named to the 2016 fall semester dean's list at the University of St. Thomas in St. Paul.
According to WEMA director Joey Cooper, the deputies were in the area when a call came in from 810 Muscogee Way in Mt. Juliet for a fire around 9:24 a.m. The deputies were able to use their fire extinguishers to keep the fire from spreading until WEMA firefighters arrived.
“The fire would have been much worse if these vigilant deputies had not used their fire extinguishers,” said Cooper.
Firefighters were able to get the fire extinguished at about 11:30 a.m. and contain damage to a detached gazebo close to the house. According to Cooper, the fire was electrical in nature.
No injuries were reported in the incident.
(Andrew H. Walker/Getty Images)
If you were planning on seeing the ‘Farewell Yellow Brick Road' tour with Elton John you will have to take a road trip.
This morning Elton's tickets went on sale and are officially sold out.
Elton John will be performing at Scottrade Center on October 30th, 2018.
For other tour dates click here.
Welcome to the live news blog for Reading, Bracknell and Wokingham on Tuesday April 18.
Our lead story today looks at the services being stopped or decreased due to a budget cut to public health schemes.
And as parents across Berkshire find out which primary schools their children will be going to in September, we look at how easy it is to appeal a school place.
As always we'll be updating this blog with breaking news throughout the day so if you see or hear something you think we should know about call 0118 918 3024, email getreading@trinitymirror.com, send a tweet to @getreading or post a message on our Facebook page.
Don't forget you can also keep up to date with the latest via the free getreading app.
Download it for Apple devices here and Android devices here.
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
Data shows that 80 pct of the citizens think that this is a major issue, but most don't know what to do about it
The gun control debate has returned to the foreground after the mass shooting in Las Vegas that left 59 dead and over 500 injured.
Why is it that the discussion pops up periodically but doesn't move forward after all?
Our Party Politics experts Brandon Rottinghaus and Jay Aiyer explain in 59 Seconds.
Online Shopping for the Holidays? Beware Hacks, Scams and ID Theft
It may be the "most wonderful time of the year," with special offers and sales galore, but it's also the most likely time to have your identity stolen, cyber experts warn.
Hackers and online fraudsters are impersonating brand-name retailers and scaring consumers with fake emails, purchases and links in an effort to hook unsuspecting shoppers with phishing scams.
"They know we're frazzled, they know we're easily distracted and they know -- and hope -- that we're going to click on one of those links, which will end up having malware downloaded on our computer," said Ryan Gerding, a spokesperson for the anti-spyware and malware firm Enigma Software.
The National Retail Foundation estimated that about 78 million people were expected to shop online for holiday discounts on Cyber Monday, with one-day profits expected to total $6.6 billion.
Mr. Gerding said the chances of getting a computer infection increase with the uptick in web traffic. As online shopping grows year to year, more Americans are at risk of being hacked.
"Last year during the holiday shopping season, which we counted as Black Friday through Christmas, infections on our customers computers jumped 99.23 percent and that was a bigger spike than in 2015 and in 2014," Mr. Gerding said.
Cybersecurity firm Carbon Black reported that phishing attacks -- emails, messages or pop-ups with corrupted links -- rose last year by 20.5 percent during November and December, and are expected to increase even more this holiday season.
RiskIQ, another cybersecurity intelligence firm, warned consumers of an increased risk of mobile infections during this time -- their most recent analysis identified at least one in 25 smartphones apps referencing "Black Friday" as unsafe and malicious.
Without naming retailers, RiskIQ said they identified and blacklisted 32,000 apps and 1,451 URLs that impersonate the top five most popular e-commerce sites.
"The findings confirmed that threat actors are using these well-known brands specifically to exploit the popularity of Black Friday shopping in both web and mobile," RiskIQ wrote in its report.
Mr. Gerding said one of the more sophisticated tactics hackers use is to send an email disguised as from a leading online retailer -- like Amazon or PayPal -- and asking users to dispute a suspicious purchase by clicking on a link.
"Instead of canceling the transaction it'll take you to a site that either will download malware or to a site that looks like an actual PayPal site and says enter your password information here, and then they've stolen it and your account has been hacked," they said.
There are a number of ways people can protect against such viruses. One is to be vigilant about suspicious links.
"Think about that link. Anytime you get an email, or anytime you get a message via social media where there is a link inside of it and it's something you weren't expecting, stop and think a minute before you click on it," Mr. Gerding said.
Other advice includes having an anti-spyware or -malware program that deletes infections as soon as they attack computers. Keeping computer and mobile phone operating systems up to date also help protect against hackers. Make sure passwords are secure and updated regularly.
RiskIQ recommends to always look for the "S" in "HTTPS" or a lock symbol in the web browser when visiting shopping sites. These ensure security and encryption of personal data.
Also, never provide credit card information unless it's a secure shopping portal, RiskIQ advises, and that sites that ask for this information in return for coupons or to win free merchandise are scams.
© 2017 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
Facebook Inc.'s security chief, Alex Stamos, plans to step down from the embattled social-media company this year, people familiar on the matter said, following clashes with policy executives and an internal reorganization that whittled down their responsibilities.
Since the 2016 U.S. presidential election, Stamos has been at the center of Facebook's response to Russian efforts to manipulate public discourse using its platform. They and other security officials often argued that Facebook FB, -6.77% should publicly disclose more details about the Russian efforts, a stance often at odds with the more cautious approach advocated by Facebook's policy team, overseen by Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg, people familiar with the internal deliberations said.
In January, the bulk of Stamos's security team was moved to groups managed by other executives, the people said. That helped prompt their decision to step down, which Stamos has told associates they plans to do in August, they said.
Despite the rumors, I'm still fully engaged with my work at Facebook. It's true that my role did change. I'm currently spending more time exploring emerging security risks and working on election security. — Alex Stamos (@alexstamos) March 19, 2018
To be clear, the security team has never been prevented or discouraged from investigating any Russian activity by any executives. https://t.co/At2KSn8oXE — Alex Stamos (@alexstamos) March 20, 2018
Stamos posted a message on Twitter late Monday saying: “Despite the rumors, I'm still fully engaged with my work at Facebook. It's true that my role did change. I'm currently spending more time exploring emerging security risks and working on election security.” They didn't address if they planned to step down from Facebook in the future. In a later tweet, they said “the security team has never been prevented or discouraged from investigating any Russian activity by any executives.” Stamos is a “valued member of the team,” a Facebook spokesperson said without addressing the security chief's planned departure. Stamos has been Facebook's chief security officer since June 2015. The New York Times earlier Monday reported Stamos' plans to step down.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
The next housing crisis: A historic shortage of new homes.
Uber suspends driverless-car program after pedestrian is killed.
The death of a college basketball player at their off-campus apartment in Indiana has been ruled a suicide, authorities said.
Ball State basketball player Zach Hollywood, 19, was found dead Tuesday morning at an apartment in Muncie. The Delaware County coroner later determined that Hollywood, who was in their sophomore year with the Cardinals after redshirting last season, took their own life, WTHR reports.
Hollywood's last two posts on Twitter — which they wrote early Tuesday — referenced the “battles” people face every day and that police investigators would soon have their phone.
In a separate tweet just 15 minutes earlier, Hollywood wrote: “Just so everyone knows I did not cheat. If you want the truth ask tony or the police because they'll have my phone.”
A message seeking comment from Muncie police regarding Hollywood's posts was not immediately returned Wednesday.
Hollywood, a special education major and native of Bradley, Ill., made many “positive impressions” on campus, university officials said in a statement.
“Zach has been a part of our family for the past year,” the statement read. “During their time on campus, they were a member of men's basketball team and made many positive impressions throughout campus. This is a tragedy. Our heartfelt condolences are with their family, friends and teammates.”
Hollywood's mother, Susan, died last year, WTHR reports. The 49-year-old's life revolved around sports and they were their son's “biggest sports fan,” according to an obituary in the Daily Journal.
Trey Moses, a Ball State teammate, tweeted that Hollywood had left them voicemails.
“I just listened to the voicemails you left me bro … I LOVE YOU SO DAMN MUCH , I promise you I'm gonna make it for us bro … I'm sorry I was asleep and couldn't answer man, I feel I coulda stopped it…. I love you bro, we're gonna make it,” Moses wrote.
Hollywood, a 6-foot-9 forward, averaged 17.5 points and 7.8 rebound during their senior year at Bradley-Bourbonnais Community High in Illinois, CBS Sports reports.
The stars who won't get old explain how Tom Brady does it HOUSTON — Tom Brady still looks like the youngest guy in the room. Even at age 39. Stand the Patriots quarterback next to Matt Ryan, their Falcons counterpart in Super...
Bernard Hopkins, 51, knocked out of ring in final fight INGLEWOOD, Calif. — Joe Smith Jr. stopped Bernard Hopkins 53 seconds into the eighth round of their WBC international light heavyweight title fight Saturday night. Smith used a six-punch combination...
Bernard Hopkins working for storybook ending in 'final' bout At age 51, Bernard Hopkins insists their light heavyweight fight against Long Island slugger Joe Smith Jr. on Saturday night is the last bout of their prizefighting career. “Win, lose...
Boxer of the year for 2014 -- and fights to dream about for 2015 I'll check the box next to Sergey Kovalev when I fill out my ballot for the Boxing Writers Association of America Sugar Ray Robinson award for Fighter of the Year....
Age-old problem: Hopkins, 49, pounded by Kovalev ATLANTIC CITY — The fountain of youth ran dry for Bernard Hopkins on Saturday night at Boardwalk Hall. The 49-year-old Philadelphia native proved no match for 31-year-old Sergey Kovalev. The...
Why Kovalev will outslug the aging Bernard Hopkins ATLANTIC CITY — Saturday's light heavyweight unification bout at Boardwalk Hall between Bernard Hopkins and Sergey Kovalev could come down to a test between Prime vs. Time. Kovalev, the hard-punching...
Real-life 'Rocky IV': Aging Philly great vs. Russian KO machine PHILADELPHIA — Bernard Hopkins is circling a heavy punching bag, working up a sweat as they throw hard jabs, sharp combinations and a succession of pity-pat punches in rhythm. “He...
Oscar De La Hoya found an ally in a most unlikely foe It was like times gone by. Oscar De La Hoya was at a podium talking about Golden Boy Promotions and an upcoming bout featuring Philadelphia boxer Bernard Hopkins. It could...
Bernard Hopkins, 49, still eyeing next fight Bernard Hopkins turned 49 last month, but the voice and bravado still sound like a boxer enjoying their prime. At an age when most fighters are looking for the nearest...
BlackBerry used to rule the smartphone space, but then the iPhone came out. BlackBerry execs deemed the iPhone a “toy” and a “fad,” but that fad eventually drove the company to revamp its product lineup. It was too late, though. BlackBerry will probably never regain the throne, but it's not done with smartphones. It's making a go of things with Android, and it looks like a new full-touch-screen BlackBerry Android phone is on the way. A posting from serial leaker Evan Blass has revealed the BlackBerry Motion.
BlackBerry (formerly known as RIM) used to have its own operating system called BlackBerry OS. Well, BB OS technically still exists, but the company is no longer releasing new phones that run it. BlackBerry made a valiant effort to save its platform by opening an app store and devising methods of emulating Android apps, but it was all too little, too late.
In 2015, BlackBerry launched the Priv, its first Android phone. That's actually the only Android phone BlackBerry itself has ever built. After the Priv's lackluster sales, it partnered with established device maker TCL, which has gotten some attention for its budget-minded Alcatel brand. The first few BlackBerry devices from this union were just re-badged Alcatel devices branded as “BlackBerry DTEK,” but the KEYone from earlier this year was all BlackBerry. That phone even had the iconic Blackberry keyboard, which tempted some BlackBerry OS stalwarts to make the switch to Android.
The newly leaked phone goes back to the all-screen DTEK-style design without a physical keyboard. This phone was previously rumored as the “Krypton,” but the final device will allegedly be called the “Motion.” BlackBerry's code names are always better than the retail branding—the KEYone was “Mercury” and the Priv was “Venice.”
The new image is just a render, but it looks official, and Blass is a reputable source for leaks. The Motion seems like quite the flat black slab here. The right edge of the phone has a volume rocker, power button, and customary Blackberry shortcut key. There's also what appears to be a physical home button in the enormous bezel under the display. It definitely doesn't fit with the trend of minimizing bezel on modern smartphones. It does at least have a 3.5mm headphone jack, which more and more phones are dropping.
We don't yet know when the Motion (if indeed that's the name) will be released. A few big mobile tradeshows are happening early in 2018, so perhaps TCL and BlackBerry will wait until after the holiday rush to officially reveal this phone.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Rehearsals are reaching the final stages for The Lost Boy, the latest production from Theatre in the Quarter which opens in Chester later this week.
The cast and crew are looking forward to unveiling the show to the public for the first time at St Mary's Creative Space on April 21. The play can then be seen at the venue until May 7.
(Photo: Neil Kendall)
The Lost Boy has been written by playwright Stephanie Dale, writer of the highly-acclaimed 2013 production of the Chester Mystery Plays, and is directed by Kate McGregor – whose recent work includes Moira Buffini's critically acclaimed Gabrielle, starring Paul McGann.
The play is a groundbreaking project that addresses the changing communities of Britain, and how our society is adapting.
(Photo: Neil Kendall)
Theatre in the Quarter have just released new images of the cast and director Kate McGregor at work during rehearsals.
The project has been in development for over a year and has involved consultation with young people across Chester and Manchester who have shared their varied views and opinions on asylum seekers and refugees.
(Photo: Neil Kendall)
Tickets are available from www.ticketsource.co.uk/creativemarys or calling 07854 550549. Visit the Theatre in the Quarter's Facebook page or go to www.theatreinthequarter.co.uk
Those who have walked on Central Avenue's sidewalks this summer near The Vault may have noticed a recent addition to the area that has left many with a sense of intrigue.
Next to a tree sits a painted piano with the words "Play Me" written on it with a chair placed in front. On several occasions citizens have paused on their walk and taken a minute to sit down and play a tune. An upbeat rhythm could be heard during the Rally in the Valley Parade, and if one visits The Vault's Facebook page a video of two people playing Journey graces the top of the page.
So, one might ask, where did this piano suddenly appear from?
According to Wes Anderson, Justin Jones had this piano with a hairline fracture in the harp. While the piano is unsalvageable for sale, it still works just fine at this point and Anderson thought the City Park Bandshell would make a good home for it.
More on this story can be found in the June 26 edition of the Times-Record.
Facial expressions are powerful non-verbal cues and convey strong messages. Even when you wish they didn't. RBF, or Resting B Face, occurs when a person's default facial expression is perceived as being slightly angry, annoyed, or contemptuous. It is usually characterized by mouth slightly downturned, eyes may be narrowed, and the chin may jut out a little. People who suffer from RBF may be asked frequently if they are OK or if they are mad and may be on the receiving end of, “You should smile more!” comments from well-meaning friends and colleagues.
So, how do you know if your default expression falls on the unfortunate side of RBF? Body Language Expert Lisa Mitchell says realistically, multiple people have made you aware of the fact on several occasions. Another way to bring awareness to it is to watch yourself on video and see how you perceive your inactive or neutral expressions when you view them on video. Most people who have RBF see it reflected in videos or photos of themselves and are more than a little surprised, or appalled, by the fact their face conveys such an unintended negative message.
What can you do if you gain the awareness that RBF is your default facial expression? Here are a few tips that may help you be perceived in a more positive light:
• Adopt a new “default” facial expression: The best way to find your new default expression is to practice in a mirror or recording yourself until you find a “neutral” expression that feels natural and looks pleasant to the people on the other side of your face. Practice that expression until it feels normal as your default and comes automatically when needed.
• Be “on” before you're on: If you're listening to someone else speak, waiting your turn in line, or in another inactive role for a moment before it's your turn to step into the spotlight, decide to engage early. Commit to a smile or show a more active expression than a blank stare or intent listening face, it's during these downtimes where RBF seems to appear most frequently. This is especially important for instances where you are on camera. It helps to be an active listener, using head nods, smiles, etc to show you are engaged and let the natural facial expression follow.
When in doubt, fix your face! Put on a genuine smile and kiss RBF goodbye!
To learn more about Lisa Mitchell, Power Body Language, visit:
@powernonverbals on Twitter
www.powerbodylanguage.com
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
INDEPENDENCE, Mo. -- Detectives are hoping an increased reward will get them more information about a homicide that happened in March.
$15,000 is now being offered for tips in the death of Christopher Harris Junior, who was killed on East 28th Place.
Police say more than one person was involved in shooting Harris.
Police say they suffered multiple gunshot wounds in an attack that took place in front of their 9-year-old daughter, late on the night of March 14.
Detectives had been looking for a red car seen speeding away from the crime scene, but have no other identifying information.
Now, Kecia Harris, the victim's mother, is adding $13,000 to the standard $2,000 TIPS Hotline reward in hopes of bringing to justice, all of those responsible for their son's death.
"I will give every dime that I have to bring these guys to justice," Kecia Harris said. "If I have to work for nothing for the rest of my life to get justice then that's what I'll do. Because it's not fair, it's not fair."
Since Harris' murder, one man has been charged in the case.
Lester "Lucky" Brown is accused of using a GPS tracking device to follow the victim.
Detectives believe others responsible for the killing remain at large.
Information that leads to an arrest or the filing of criminal charges can get you $15,000 cash in this case. All tips remain anonymous and you can submit them electronically at KCcrimestoppers.com. Or you can call (816) 474-TIPS.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- A lot of good food, free music that kept kids kicking up their heels and a spectacular fireworks show: It all added up to a festive, pre-Fourth of July event Tuesday night that attracted about 2,500 people to Kansas City's historic Jazz District.
”It's our first time and we are just having a good time," Ken Johnson said.
”It's just a special time when we come together and celebrate our freedom, our country and at the same time enjoy our families,” Hosea Johnson said.
Happy moms, dads, and plent of little ones turned out for the second annual 18th and Vine Pre-Fourth of July Celebration. U.S. Rep. Emanuel Cleaver and a team of supporters hosted the event.
”18th and Vine must be remembered as one of Kansas City's top entertainment districts. So many famous people including Walt Disney loved to spend time here. We just wanted families to come together for one night, enjoy themselves and celebrate this wonderful time,” Cleaver said.
From delicious funnel cakes topped with strawberries and a lot of powdered sugar to fried Oreo cookies, the pre-holiday revelers just couldn't get enough of the sweet treats, barbecue, brats and more.
”Man, you bet the food is one of the best attractions about this event. After a hard day a work, I came down here with my family and friends, and we had a wonderful time,” Johnny Harris said.
San Francisco chef Kathy Fang's Southern Fried Buttermilk Chicken is a crowd-pleaser at any time of year, but especially on Super Bowl Sunday, when hosts are looking for easy, delicious fare that won't chain them to the kitchen. (Courtesy Kathy Fang)
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Public understanding of the needs of military veterans has focused largely post-traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injuries, suicide rates, and poor conditions at the Walter Reed Army Medical Center.
But the great majority of the veterans of post-9/11 wars need social services that will help them transition back to civilian life.
Between 65 percent and 80 percent of veterans surveyed between 2014 and 2016 left the military without a job.
That is the assessment of the latest study by the Costs of War project based at Brown University's Watson Institute for International and Public Affairs, which uses research to explore the human, economic, and political costs of the post-9/11 wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and the related violence in Pakistan and Syria.
The new study, which focuses on the difficulties the newest generation of post-combat veterans face as they reintegrate to civilian life, reveals patterns of need and reviews the US Department of Veterans Affairs response to those needs.
“From changing residences and finding jobs to securing educational and vocational training and settling back in with family, veterans face post-war difficulties that are costs of war not easily captured in health care spending totals or in the epidemiology of combat-related health problems,” says Anna Zogas, a researcher at the University of Washington.
Navigate a daily routine
The research shows that the VA, the nation's largest integrated health care system, changed its policies to better assist veterans and more than doubled spending between 2002 and 2015 on programs related to employment and education, two top areas of need according to veterans.
The non-medical services provided in tandem with health care are key to helping veterans leave the “disciplined, rigid, high-stakes environment” of the military and reintegrate with family, find work, pursue education, and navigate a daily routine that is no longer predictable, orderly, and mission-focused, Zogas says.
“Distinguishing strained social relations from specific medical problems is important because how we define problems shapes our efforts to solve them,” Zogas writes in the study.
Enlisted service members who fought in post-9/11 wars have been leaving the military at a rate of roughly 250,000 each year, and the Department of Defense estimates that this rate will remain at 230,000 to 245,000 per year through 2019.
The difficulties veterans have in easing back into civilian life correlate with age, education level, and work experience—many of these veterans are young and lack a college degree. In 2008, the year in which the highest concentration of US troops deployed overseas, 41 percent of service members were 25 years old or younger, and only 18 percent had a bachelor's degree.
This means that hundreds of thousands of young post-combat veterans leave the military each year, many of them without established careers to which they can return. Those who enter a college or vocational program may be older than traditional students and may have families to support.
Between 65 percent and 80 percent of veterans surveyed between 2014 and 2016 left the military without a job. Case managers of a career services program suggest veterans have unrealistic expectations of employment options and salaries in the civilian job market. Although they are highly motivated to work hard and move up corporate hierarchies, veterans are frequently frustrated by having to start in low-paying, entry-level positions and many report feeling like they were starting over completely.
Young veterans also report social difficulties with greater frequency than the rate at which they are diagnosed with specific mental health concerns. In 2008, 96 percent of a group of post-9/11 combat veterans surveyed reported that they were interested in receiving services to ease “community reintegration problems,” even though they were already using VA primary care or mental health services.
More recently, in studies published between 2014 and 2016, veterans of the post-9/11 wars reported adjustment difficulties at rates between 61 percent and 68 percent. Even without the most troubling health issues, such as traumatic brain injuries or PTSD, many post-combat veterans contend with physical and mental health concerns—from musculoskeletal ailments to mental disorders, insomnia and headache—that can make reintegrating with family and succeeding in school and work difficult.
Streamlined process
Before 2008, veterans were required to secure official recognition of combat-related disabilities before they could receive free medical treatment. That year, the VA streamlined the process and allowed all veterans to start receiving free care immediately.
That change cut down on red tape, Zogas says, making it possible for veterans transitioning into civilian life to receive supportive services—from group to individual counseling and educational support—without a prior medical diagnosis. It also accounts for the possibility that some combat-related symptoms take months to fully manifest, which signals a new responsiveness to the need for services that aid veterans in adjusting to civilian life.
In addition to ensuring that veterans are more easily able to access medical care, the VA increased spending on programs related to employment and education from 3.6 percent of total spending in 2002 to 8 percent by 2015, according to the study.
VA services for recent veterans include training in study skills, strategies for improved sleep, financial management, parenting, and services that help reduce veterans' feelings of social isolation, such as outdoor activities organized by recreational therapists.
“In some cases, this support takes shape through formal programming, such as parenting classes run by psychologists inside VA clinics,” Zogas writes, or classes that help veterans prepare to participate in college classes. Zogas cited “an eight-week course, wholly designed and taught by VA therapists in a VA clinic, in which a class of post-9/11 veterans sat together in a conference room for two hours a week, learning about cognition and memory in a way that mimics a college classroom.”
These kinds of programs can help veterans prepare to acclimate to college classrooms that will likely be populated by 18- to 22-year-olds.
“In a college or university, the concerns of traditionally aged students can seem trivial to people with combat experience, making it difficult for veterans to relate to their peers,” Zogas writes. “Less than 0.5 percent of the country's population is serving in the military at any time, and post-9/11 veterans are a minority among their peers and families.”
The VA also provides vocational rehabilitation, including support for apprenticeships and on-the-job training, post-secondary training at a college, technical or business school, and supportive case management.
VA spending on rehabilitation and investment in veterans' education and job training is not a cost of war in the strictly financial sense but that it represents an effort to address the day-to-day difficulties veterans returning to civilian life face.
In addition to formal vocational rehabilitation programs and the GI Bill, VA clinicians provide services tailored to young veterans' non-medical needs within the relative isolation of their own clinics. This makes it almost impossible to gain a top-down perspective on how the institution and its operations help veterans transition back to civilian life.
‘The VA has moved toward institutionalizing meaningful support for ‘transitions,'” Zogas says. “If recent projects under VA Secretary Robert A. McDonald's strategy for improving the organization materialize into formally organized, meaningful, sufficiently funded and sufficiently researched programs to assist veterans in their transitions, it would be a step toward taking veterans' own stated post-military social, educational and employment needs as seriously as the military takes their training.”
Source: Brown University
Caption
An interview with DJ MK during Miami Music Week
DJ, producer and remixer MK is back in South Florida for Miami Music Week. They say this is their seventh or eighth year attending the event, though the Los Angeles-based house DJ has been performing in Miami since 1993. MK will play four shows this week in Miami before jetting off to California to play a music festival called Beyond Wonderland.
SouthFlorida.com interviewed MK in the lobby of Miami Music Week's official hotel, the Delano in Miami Beach, before their first performance of the week, Shiba San x MK at the FDR Delano. That performance is part of a national tour the pair is doing. MK will play at the Cookout pool party at noon, Thursday, March 23, at the W South Beach and at their curated MK + Friends at the Surfcomber pool on Friday, March 24. He'll close out the week at Bardot on Friday night. Click here for more Miami Music Week parties.
Caroline Wozniacki wishes ex Rory McIlroy would just let it go.
Following McIlroy's candid comments in the Irish Sunday Independent, in which the golf star sniped about their high-profile romance with the former tennis No. 1, Wozniacki admitted they were baffled by their remarks.
“I don't understand why they keep bringing it up,” Wozniacki said Thursday at the Australian Open. “Was I surprised? Yes, it's a little dead by now. It's three years ago.
“He looks like he's doing well. And if he's doing well, they must surely then look to move on.”
After announcing their engagement on New Year's Day 2014, McIlroy famously dumped the tennis ace over the phone, days after the couple mailed out wedding invites.
“I thought at least, you know, I would get a face-to-face or something, but there was nothing,” Wozniacki revealed on “In Depth with Graham Bensinger.” “It was just a phone call and I did not hear from them again.”
Wozniacki, who faces Johanna Konta in the third round on Friday, has since moved past their surprising split. The 26-year-old was briefly linked to NFL stars J.J. Watt and Ryan Kerrigan.
McIlroy and former PGA employee Erica Stoll got engaged in November 2015 after several months of dating.
“The thing I love about it is that we were friends before anything romantic happened,” McIlroy told the Irish Independent. “We met when they were working for the PGA of American and renting a condo in Palm Beach, and I found it refreshing being with someone who was living a normal life rather than, ‘Oh! My jet is 30 minutes late!'”
Though the couple have yet to announce a wedding date, McIlroy appears determined to make it to the altar this time.
“I thought at the time that being with someone that was in a similar position to you was the obvious answer,” McIlroy said, referring to Wozniacki. “But it isn't, because you can never get away from it. You can never detach yourself and try to come back to the real world. And that's why I feel in such a good place now. I don't feel Erica wants to change me in any way. I can be myself around her; there's no bulls–t, no acting, no show.”
Owners of flats or apartments in Palma will no longer be able to rent their homes to tourists from July.
The Balearic capital's the first Spanish city to introduce the restriction - in an attempt to tackle mass tourism and overcrowed areas.
It's after complaints from residents about rising rents due to short holiday lets on websites and apps.
It gave the Ministry of Tourism huge problems with tenants multiplying by six in the last 3 years.
After carryng out an investigation, local authorities found, between 2015 and 2017, considerably more unlicensed tourist apartments were rented compared to those with correct licensing.
Palma's Mayor, Antoni Noguera, says houses will be exempt from the ban as long as they're in protected areas.
Tea Collection recalls children's knit denim jackets due to the metal snaps on the jackets can detach, posing a choking hazard to children.
This recall involves Tea Collection Inc. children's knit blue denim jackets with metal buttons and snaps. A tag sewn inside the neck reads "Tea." Style number 6F22400-405 is printed on a hangtag attached to the garment. The jackets were sold in sizes XS to XL (sizes 2 through 12).
Consumers should immediately take the recalled jackets away from children and contact Tea Collection Inc. to receive a full refund.
Consumers can contact Tea Collection toll-free at 866-374-8747 from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. PT Monday through Friday, email at service@teacollection.com or online at www.teacollection.com and click on "product recall" for more information.
The jackets were sold at specialty and other stores nationwide from August 2016 through December 2016 for about $60.
The Giants went into this year's NFL draft wanting to add a tight end and they did, but not the one most expected them to take.
With the 23rd pick in the first round Thursday night, the Giants selected Evan Engram of Mississippi — Eli Manning's school — and it figures this Ole Miss product will make the veteran quarterback happy. They can fly, running 4.42 seconds in the 40-yard dash, and has uncommon pass-catching skills, but at 6-foot-3 and 235 pounds, they are built and plays more like a receiver than a tight end.
“We think they can be a dynamic weapon in our offense,” said general manager Jerry Reese, who added Engram can be a “matchup nightmare” for opposing defenses.
With the pick, the Giants passed on David Njoku, the tight end from Miami by way of Cedar Grove, N.J., who many draft followers believed was the second-rated tight end after O.J. Howard of Alabama. Clearly, the Giants preferred Engram to Njoku.
“I knew I deserved to be [a first-round pick],” Engram said from their home in Tyler Springs, Ga. “I knew for a fact I should be.”
Returning to college for their senior year, Engram had a big finish with 65 receptions for 926 yards and eight touchdowns. The Giants clocked them as the second-fastest player at the scouting combine behind only receiver John Ross, who went No. 9 to the Bengals.
McAdoo called Engram “a willing striker,” but they are not a blocker.
“We need to refine their fundamentals,” McAdoo said. “We have some things that we're going to have to work on with him.”
Reese likened Engram to Jordan Reed of the Redskins, a typical new-age tight end known far more for their pass-catching than blocking.
“This guy is cut from the same type of cloth,” Reese said.
Engram liked the sound of that.
“I want to be better than him,” they said. “That's a tough task.”
The Giants had not taken a tight end in the first round since 2002, when they selected Jeremy Shockey. Their roster has Will Tye returning at tight end, and in free agency, they signed Rhett Ellison from the Vikings, a veteran known almost exclusively for their blocking.
“I don't think that any of the tight ends block that great in this draft,” Reese said.
The Ellison signing then may have given the Giants the luxury of taking Engram, who can line up in a variety of spots and provide a down-the-field presence.
“The fastest way to the end zone is down the middle of the field,” coach Ben McAdoo said.
Engram did not visit the Giants, nor did they work out for them.
“It kind of came out of nowhere,” they said.
Asked if they believed they are ready to play right away, they said: “I know I'm ready to come in and make an immediate impact. The Giants were missing a piece like me.”
The Giants did not take an offensive lineman in a year when most experts believed this was the weakest crop in years. The first offensive lineman selected, Garett Bolles of Utah, did not go off the board until No. 20, when the Broncos finally took one. It is the latest an offensive lineman has been taken in NFL draft history. Two other highly rated prospects, Ryan Ramzcyk of Wisconsin, who went to the Saints at No. 32, and Cam Robinson of Alabama, were available, but the Giants didn't like either of them enough.
The first round was good to the Giants, though, as there was not a run on the players they were most interested in and predicted would be in their cluster after 22 picks. They loved Howard, but they had no hope they would drop to them. Howard lasted longer than expected, going to the Buccaneers at No. 19. Reese said they did not try to trade up to get Howard.
When it came time for the Giants to pick, two linebackers they liked — Reuben Foster of Alabama and Zach Cunningham of Vanderbilt — were on the board.
The noise the Giants might trade up to take Texas Tech quarterback Patrick Mahomes as Manning's eventual replacement proved to be just that — noise. The Giants did not love him, but the Chiefs did, as they traded up 17 spots (to No. 10 from 27) to select Mahomes.
Draft profile
Evan Engram
School: Mississippi, Position: Tight end
Picked: Round 1, 23rd overall
Height: 6-3 | Weight: 235
What they offer: This is not your father's tight-end position, as this guy is a sleek athlete who can get down the field, line up in the slot, line up outside and on occasion line up at the end of the line like a traditional tight end. They will abuse linebackers trying to cover him. One scout said they are faster and more athletic than Jordan Reed of the Redskins. Not big or strong enough to be much of a blocker. Does not lack for confidence.
What's next
What to look for from the Giants on Day 2 (Rounds 2 and 3) of the draft: Well, everyone said this is not a good year to be looking for offensive linemen in the first round. The Giants passed up on prospects they did not love, but they need to add someone who can compete for a starting job at offensive tackle, meaning they cannot wait too long in this draft.
Perhaps Antonio Garcia of Troy will be there in the second round at No. 55. For the 33rd consecutive year, the Giants did not take a linebacker in the first round, even though there were some tempting players on the board. They would like to find one, if it fits. A pass-rusher always is a possibility, and DeMarcus Walker of Florida State would be excellent value in the second round and a steal if they last into the third round.
The terror attack in St. Petersburg killed 14 passengers and the man who set off the explosive device, while 102 people were injured. Source: ZUMA Press/Global Look Press
The Russian Federal Security Service (FSB) has detained one of the suspected organizers of the April 3 terrorist attack in the St. Petersburg subway, 27-year-old native of Central Asia, Abror Azimov, TASS reports.
The FSB Public Relations Center informed TASS that "the Russian Federal Security Service detained in the Odintsovo district of the Moscow region today one of the organizers of the investigated crime, a native of the Central Asian region, Azimov Abror Akhralovich, born in 1990 who trained suicide bomber, Akbarzhon Jalilov, as part of the criminal case opened by the Russian Investigative Committee over the terrorist attack in the St. Petersburg subway."
"At the moment, Abror Azimov has been brought to the Russian Investigative Committee for investigative activities," the FSB said.
On April 3, an explosive device went off in a subway train car when the train was moving from Tekhnologichesky Institut station to Sennaya Ploshchad station. The terror attack killed 14 passengers and the man who set off the explosive device, while 102 people were injured. The Russian Investigative Committee disclosed the suicide bomber's name. That was Akbarzhon Jalilov born in 1995, a native of Kyrgyzstan.
DES MOINES, Iowa — Negotiations to update the North American Free Trade Agreement could begin as early as August, and many people in the ag industry are hoping a new deal gets done quickly.
However, the past-president of the U.S. National Pork Producers Council said pushing ahead with NAFTA re-negotiations is unwise because other policy issues should be dealt with first.
John Weber said U.S. immigration is at the top of that list, and if it isn't resolved first, it might be difficult to negotiate with Mexico on trade.
Weber, who served as NPCC president in 2016-17, met with representatives of Mexico's pork industry last September. The tone of the meeting was negative.
“All they wanted to talk about was how stupid the wall concept was and you don't degrade our people as being thieves and crooks,” Weber said in an interview at the World Pork Expo in Des Moines June 8.
“We offended that country…. How can you sit down at a table with those folks and (renegotiate) NAFTA when these other issues haven't been addressed?”
On May 17, U.S. President Donald Trump's administration notified Congress of its plans to renegotiate NAFTA. The letter triggered a 90-day consultation period with members of Congress, meaning negotiations could begin mid-August at the earliest.
Many U.S. commodity groups, including corn growers, cattle producers and pork producers, have been issuing news releases, seemingly everyday this spring, to remind Trump about the importance of NAFTA and ag exports to the U.S. economy.
NPPC data shows that the U.S. exported $38 in agriculture products to Mexico and Canada in 2016.
In early June, U.S. Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue said Trump isn't a trade protectionist and that the president is aware of the benefits of NAFTA.
“From an agricultural perspective, they also understand it's been good for all three countries,” Perdue said.
ADVERTISMENT
The export numbers are large, but free trade deals are also about the free movement of people. Negotiations become much more difficult if Trump is determined to build a wall at the Mexican border and kick millions of immigrants out of the United States.
“I don't think a lot of ag people understand that,” said Weber, who added they were speaking for themselves rather than for the council.
“They think we just ought to go sit down with Mexico and write up a trade deal and start sending (them) corn and beans.”
The immigration matter is also directly important to the livestock industry. Immigrants, many from Mexico, are employed in hog barns, help build new barns and have jobs at slaughter plants.
Dustin Baker, NPPC deputy director of economics and production issues, said the U.S. pork industry “relies heavily” on immigrant labour. However, they didn't have data on the percentage of immigrant employees working at U.S. hog barns.
The livestock industry would struggle without those employees, Weber said.
“Most of these people are good people. I've had them working on my farms,” they said.
“We need a policy that welcomes … (immigrants) that come to work.”
Taxation is another policy issue relevant to NAFTA.
House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan continues to push for a border adjustment tax with a 20 percent tax on imports into the U.S.
ADVERTISMENT
Numerous business groups oppose the tax, but the concept isn't dead in Washington.
Alive or dead, it's hard to have trade talks if imports from Mexico and Canada could be subject to additional taxes, Weber said.
“You better get that figured out before you re-negotiate NAFTA,” they said.
“If I was negotiating NAFTA, I would want to know what the new tax policy is going to be.”
Despite their concerns, Weber and the NPCC support the NAFTA renegotiations, provided nothing is done to hurt the U.S. pork industry.
They just prefers the U.S. take a go-slow approach.
“This administration has huge issues to deal with … health care, tax reform, immigration,” they said.
“I feel some of that stuff needs to be dealt with before they can get serious about free trade agreements.”
Contact robert.arnason@producer.com
A couple's 10-year wedding anniversary celebration turned into a nightmare in Midtown when a crazed man walked up to the pair, spit on the woman and then punched their husband in the face, police said Wednesday.
Jeremy Goldberg and their wife Paola, 35-year-old restaurateurs from West Orange, N.J., had just finished seeing the hit Broadway musical “Dear Evan Hansen” when they were attacked while walking along 8th Avenue near West 35th Street at around 9:55 p.m. Tuesday.
The assailant, identified as 40-year-old Derrick Boyce, suddenly spit at Paola – and then beat Jeremy in the face, leaving them with a bloodied mouth and bruising on their right cheek, police said.
The attacker fled the scene, but was nabbed by cops about 10 minutes later. They were charged with assault.
Boyce, who was awaiting arraignment Wednesday, has 31 prior arrests on their record, mostly for theft of service, cops said. Their prior offenses also include: robbery, assault, criminal possession of a controlled substance and harassment.
They were previously busted on Nov. 11, 2017 in East Harlem and charged with robbery and assault after repeatedly punching a 28-year-old man in the face while attempting to grab their phone and wallet, police said.
Jeremy, a North Caldwell, N.J. native who was being treated for their injuries at a hospital Wednesday, recalled to The Post how the streets were bustling at the time of the assault, but no one came to the couple's aid.
“My wife was screaming for help, and most people acted like it was normal,” Jeremy said. “Maybe the city has gotten to the point that people are desensitized to violence, mental illness, drugs…if that's the case, I'm not sure whose fault it is — the individual or the [De Blasio] administration for allowing this lack of safety.”
They added that they were “not feeling well.”
Their wife, Paola, said Wednesday that they were doing “okay” but won't be making a visit to the Big Apple in the near future.
“I loved that place but I'm not going to go back any time soon,” they said of the city.
Paola, a native of Mexico City, said as a result of the attack they are “feeling now the same reason I left home to begin with.”
“It's not a safe place and now I feel that way here. Someone is robbing you to be able to enjoy life,” they added that they feel “people in cities are very desensitized to each other.”
Paola did note that after the incident was over, a Good Samaritan jumped out of their car with what appeared to be a bat.
The couple was in the Big Apple Tuesday night to celebrate their wedding anniversary, which was last week.
The two own a 200-seat restaurant in Bloomfield, N.J., called Essex Junction Craft Kitchen & Bar. The 4,000-square-foot gastro-pub opened in 2015.
Getty
The highly anticipated FISA memo has finally been released, and now many people are renewing their call to see the Democrats' counter memo too. Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) authored the FISA memo, which Democrats say lacks the full context. So Democrat Rep. Adam Schiff wrote a counter memo that attempts to explain the context. But while the Republican-led House Intelligence Committee voted to declassify the Republicans' memo, they also voted to not release the Democrats' memo. Will we ever see the Democrats' memo?
The Democrats' counter memo alleges that the Republicans didn't provide the right context when writing the FISA memo that was just released. But the House Intelligence Committee chose to not release that memo. However, Schiff did say that Republicans might consider releasing the Democrat's memo next week and they're going to try to force another vote about it. But with how highly partisan things in Congress have been lately, with most people seemingly taking actions strongly within party lines, it doesn't seem likely that this will happen. But it's still a possibility, especially considering that House Speaker Paul Ryan's spokesperson, AshLee Strong, said he's open to releasing the Democrats' memo, as long as it's scrubbed to make sure it doesn't reveal sources and “methods of our intelligence gathering.”
The Democrats' memo is 10 pages long compared with Nunes' 4 1/2-page memo. If it were to be released, the House Intelligence Committee would first have to vote to make it public (which it voted against earlier this week) and then Trump would have five days to prevent its release. So the absolute earliest it could be released, if everything moved quickly and the committee voted to release it on Monday, is likely next Friday.
Although their memo hasn't been released, the Democrats did release a statement about the FISA memo. The Republican document mischaracterizes highly sensitive classified information that few members of Congress have seen, and which Chairman [Devin] Nunes themselves chose not to review. It fails to provide vital context and information contained in DOJ's FISA application and renewals, and ignores why and how the FBI initiated, and the Special Counsel has continued, its counterintelligence investigation into Russia's election interference and links to the Trump campaign.”
.@RepAdamSchiff announces House Intel Dems have written their own counter-memo; will seek to make public, too. pic.twitter.com/0pK3xulL8u — Byron York (@ByronYork) January 24, 2018
Nunes' FISA memo that was just released alleges that the FBI and the Department of Justice used the Steele dossier, funded by the DNC and Hillary Clinton's campaign, to get a warrant from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to surveil Carter Page, a U.S. citizen and an adviser on President Donald Trump's campaign. The FISA memo alleges that when seeking the FISC warrant to surveil Page, the FBI omitted to share that their allegations came from the dossier. The memo reads, in part: “The ‘dossier' compiled by Christopher Steele (Steele dossier) on behalf of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and the Hillary Clinton campaign formed an essential part of the Carter Page FISA application… Neither the initial application in October 2016, nor any of the renewals, disclose or reference the role of the DNC, Clinton campaign or any party/campaign in funding Steele's efforts…”
Even if the Democrats' memo is released, it's important to remember that partisan politics is likely playing a role on both sides of the fence here. The FISA memo just released was authored by Republicans, alleging misconduct by Democrats. The counter memo, if released, will be authored by Democrats, alleging that Democrats followed procedures correctly and Republicans are trying to stop the Russian investigation. The Democrats, who were against the FBI near the end of the presidential campaign, alleging that Comey had hurt Hillary Clinton's chances, are now strongly supporting the FBI. Neither side in the memo battle is completely objective, and both memos (once available) should be read through that lens. A co-founder of The Intercept pointed out something similar when they reviewed the FISA memo by Nunes today:
Twitter
However, this can also be a good jumping off point for exploring transparency and the surveillance of U.S. citizens. Sen. Rand Paul seemed to step a bit away from the main party line when they tweeted this message earlier today:
While I applaud the release of this memo, I also call for Congress to take immediate action to help prevent such behavior in the future. Read my full statement here: https://t.co/kxeWAnIOWc #MemoDay — Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) February 2, 2018
In their full statement they wrote: “While I applaud the release of this memo, I also call for Congress to take immediate action to help prevent such behavior in the future. It is imperative it starts by listening to Americans who have expressed outrage over its disregard for the Fourth Amendment and reexamining the powers it reauthorized right before we learned of the memo. Continuing to ignore the Constitution will only guarantee that others fall victim to government abusing its domestic surveillance powers.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- If you're hoping for a sunny glow for your next vacation -- FOX 4 has you covered! You don't have to lay out in the sun for hours, and you might want to try spray tanning. Experts say airbrush tanning is much safer, and doesn't give you an "orange" look.
Monday morning, Channa Clemens of TanPerfekt joined the Morning Show to debunk the myths of spray tanning.
Roy Hill's tech chief Rebbecca Kerr: IoT helping the miner cut energy costs
Western Australian mining giant Roy Hill had a problem: A significant number of vital lighting towers that illuminate mining tenements were simply being lost between shifts.
The $10 billion Roy Hill iron ore mine – majority owned by Gina Rinehart's Hancock Prospecting company - is the most recent mine to open in the Pilbara region. It consists of a 344 kilometre railway line, a process plant and a two berth port.
Previously, mining field workers would monitor and control lighting towers in the mining pit, which was a costly and time consuming exercise, Roy Hill's general manager, technology, Rebbecca Kerr, told the audience at the recent CIO Summit in Perth.
“You would be surprised how many lighting towers would go missing between shifts,” Kerr said. “Once they found them, often [the lights] had no fuel so they had to go and get maintenance to [refuel them]. Our strategy was to drive around at night looking for the lights for refuelling.”
To overcome the problem, Roy Hill has installed a GPS telemetry solution on the lighting towers, which provides field workers using mobile tablets with maintenance information – gathered by IoT sensors – such as how long towers have been switched on and how much fuel has been burned by their generators. This helps them make decisions that will cut energy costs for the mine.
The solution also adjusts lighting levels during sunrise and sunset and automatically reduces lighting during planned shutdowns.
“The [towers] can also be turned on and off now by users back at the remote operations centre,” said Kerr. “We seemed to have lost way less of our lighting towers since then.”
The miner is also looking at placing IoT sensors on conveyors, which Kerr said generate “buckets and buckets of data.”
“We have a patent for a reference architecture that we can apply to that,” they said. “So when the vendors come to the operational people and they ask us how that might fit in with our approach, we can articulate to them what the requirements are of that vendor and what would be a good outcome for the business.”
Roy Hill's IT team is also using data analytics to gather data from every point of the mining operation from the processing plant to port. Early last year, the company engaged Ajilon to provide a business analytics platform that runs on Microsoft Azure.
To create the platform, Ajilon had a direct line to the development team at Microsoft's Redmond research campus.
“You need to be able to explore and understand the data and, in particular, how the data relates to itself,” Andrew Hall, manager, technology planning and architecture at Roy Hill said at the time.
“We don't want to be doing analysis that takes days to run. We want to be able to run multiple scenarios in a time-effective way,” they said.
Hall said at the time that Roy Hill wanted to go beyond using Azure as a static analysis environment.
“If we want to change driver attitudes or we want to optimise performance, we need to do it in real time,” Hall told CIO Australia last year. “You need to be providing feedback at the appropriate times so appropriate action can be taken.”
In some cases, that may be at the start of a worker's shift and in others that might mean immediate corrective action, they said.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Twitter had mixed reviews of the Big Sean and Metro Booming Album Double or nothing
But the only Reaction and Cosign that really matters foreal lol
Lebron Approved The Album check out Bron Bron Jigging to the Album.
Subscribe to my Youtube channel.
#Iamsomebody Daily
(Podcast)
Follow me on all my Social Media
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpqicA2v8jLYV8-fg5dYvhA
https://www.instagram.com/deuceonair/
Remember We Are #Iamsomebody.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Follow @insidefutbol
Saint-Etienne sporting director Dominique Rocheteau feels it would be wrong to rule out their side from being able to beat Manchester United in their Europa League last 32 tie, especially as they rate the atmosphere at their home ground as superior to Old Trafford.
Manchester United are massive favourites to beat the Ligue 1 outfit over the two legs and progress in the competition, but Rocheteau believes it is too early to make such a prediction.
Saint-Etienne will travel to Old Trafford on Thursday for the first leg, but the club sporting director believes that the key for the French club is that the second leg will be at home.
And Rocheteau believes that with Saint-Etienne's pedigree in France and in Europe, coupled with a raucous atmosphere at the Stade Geoffroy-Guichard, their side won't be pushovers for Manchester United in the last 32 tie.
Asked about Saint-Etienne's aim against Manchester United, the sporting director told French sports daily L'Equipe: “To qualify.
“The financial gap is huge and the system of two-legged tie gives few opportunities to smaller teams, but Saint-Etienne are just not anyone else.
“They have a track record in France and a history in Europe.
"The return leg will be played at the Geoffroy-Guichard and there will be a more cauldron like atmosphere here than at Old Trafford.”
Manchester United will be hoping to get a decisive result at Old Trafford on Thursday evening in order to ease the pressure ahead of the return leg in France.
China's currency regulator more than doubled quotas for outbound investment in Shanghai and Shenzhen, allowing fund companies to invest a total of $10 billion in assets overseas.
The State Administration of Foreign Exchange boosted the Qualified Domestic Limited Partnership and Qualified Domestic Investment Enterprise trial programs in the two cities to $5 billion each, the currency regulator said late Tuesday. SAFE raised the quota from $2 billion for the QDLP program in Shanghai and $2.5 billion for QDIE in Shenzhen, according to a note from United Overseas Bank Ltd.
“In recent months, Chinese authorities have stepped up efforts to grow the two-way flow of both inbound and outbound investments in their on-going effort to further liberalize China's financial markets and open up China's capital account,” UOB said.
China's leaders unveiled a series of steps earlier this month aimed at opening their financial system and more fully integrating into global capital markets. Foreign firms are watching to see whether People's Bank of China Governor Yi Gang was serious in their pledge to move quickly to level the playing field with domestic financial companies.
QDII Program
The currency regulator is also set to allow bigger investments overseas under the Qualified Domestic Institutional Investors program, which was halted for three years.
The moves come after pressure on the yuan -- and for potentially destabilizing capital outflows -- diminished. The onshore yuan had its biggest gain in nine years in 2017 against the dollar, while the Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index is trading near its lowest level since early 2015. Foreign holdings of onshore Chinese bonds rose to a record this year, more evidence of the yuan's appeal.
“This opens the door for some meaningful capital outflow, which should partly balance portfolio inflows into the mainland bond market,” said Samsara Wang, an emerging markets strategist at Credit Agricole CIB. “The news is modestly renminbi negative as the amounts are greater than expected, the timing is faster.”
BNP Paribas SA's asset management arm is among those approved for the QDLP program. Several institutions, including JPMorgan Asset Management, were reported to have been granted QDLP quotas last month.
— With assistance by Dingmin Zhang, Qizi Sun, and Helen Sun
More record highs are likely the next few days to add to last Friday's record high of 46 degrees. Nationwide this year so far, high temperature records have been broken at a 3-1 ratio over low temperature records. In 2016, the ratio was 5-1 nationwide. The present warm weather trend is due to several short-term factors, including last winter's El Niño, but the warming climate is evident in the data. So far in the 21st century, the ratio of record highs to record lows across America is approximately 2-1. The warming trend, including this ratio of records, has been ongoing for at least 100 years. By decade since the early 1900s, only during the 1960s and 1970s did record lows outpace record highs across the Unites States. Not all of this warming is the result of the burning of fossil fuels. Most climatologists agree that the warming prior to the 1960s was largely natural, while an increasing portion since the 1970s is of human origin.
Arthritis Care NI is inviting local people who are living with a long-term health problem such as arthritis, diabetes, MS, epilepsy or Parkinson's to a free course to learn how to manage their condition.
“Arthritis Care's free ‘Challenging Your Condition' programme can give you the confidence and skills to manage your condition better and get on with living your life,” a spokesperson for the charity explained. “The programme will not cure your condition, but over six two-and-a-half-hour sessions you'll learn how to manage your symptoms, relax, control your fatigue, eat healthily and keep moving, and work more closely with healthcare professionals.”
The next ‘Challenging Your Condition' programme, supported by the Southern Health and Social Care Trust, starts at 10.30am on Monday, September 4 in the Belmont Hotel, Banbridge.
It is free and open to anyone aged over 18 with a long-term health condition.
“The course leaders live with a long-term condition themselves, so they understand exactly how it feels and they create a relaxed, welcoming space where people can share their experiences and learn from each other,” the spokesperson continued.
“While every health condition and every individual are different, the difficulties people face are often similar and the programme offers something for everyone.”
To book a place call Yvonne - 028 9078 2940 or email yvonnek@arthritiscare.org.uk
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — The fish were really biting Friday on the WCCO Rooftop.
Athletes, a United States Senator and a World War II veteran enjoyed a day of ice fishing — all in an effort to raise money for after school tutoring at ACES.
Like a day of fishing should, this one started early.
“I'm very competitive, so I hope I at least get a bite,” said NFL Hall of Famer, and former New England Patriot, Mike Haynes.
They did catch something — a rubber chicken.
“You guys are the worst!” Haynes said.
Minnesota Twins mascot TC Bear also got pranked out, but it was no joke when Bob Gardner dropped a lure. Their company, Gardner Builders, helped build our rooftop sets.
Gardner caught a fish in just 30 second, the fastest catch yet.
NFL veterans Nolan Harrison and Tuineau Alipate also came up to fish, and reflected on their days in the league.
“Played at Green Bay, and I think it was like negative 28 at Green Bay,” Harrison said. “And Lambeau was completely frozen over.”
From football to fútbol, the Minnesota United also rolled in, and color commentator Kyndra de St. Aubin snagged a fish.
Sen. Amy Klobuchar was up next, and they requested to fish with our own Mike Max.
“I'm going be able to tell everyone that I went ice fishing on the roof of your station,” Klobuchar said.
Ice fishing is an old hat for Klobuchar and Max, but there was no fresh catch.
“Ah, bummer,” Klobuchar said.
Behind them was World War II veteran Woody Williams. The Medal of Honor recipient bravely conquered the cold.
“At least the worm is alive because it's moving,” Williams said.
Whether our charity anglers reeled in a fish or not, our community partners will make a donation to ACES.
Athletes Committed to Educating Students, or ACES, started in 1994. The nonprofit uses sports to teach math to fourth-through-eighth grade students after school at Boys and Girls Clubs in the Twin Cities.
So far, with your help, we have raised about $84,000 for ACES.
BOSTON — Two people have been charged in a shooting on the set of a Denzel Washington movie in Boston that injured two security guards.
The shooting happened early Saturday in the city's Roxbury section, on the set of a sequel to the “The Equalizer.”
Police say nothing was being filmed at the time, and it does not appear the guards were targeted.
The guards, a 40-year-old woman and 33-year-old man, suffered non-life-threatening injuries and were released from the hospital.
Police say they arrested two 18-year-olds, Dionte Martinez and Thomas Perkins. They are charged with assault with intent to murder and gun offences.
The Suffolk County district attorney's office says they were due to be arraigned in Roxbury Municipal Court.
It was not immediately clear whether either man has an attorney.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. — A Missouri House panel that had been investigating former Gov. Eric Greitens reversed course Wednesday and dropped an attempt to get records related to a secretive nonprofit group that had supported him.
A judge had scheduled a Thursday hearing on whether to still continue enforcing a House subpoena for records from Greitens' campaign and a pro-Greitens group called A New Missouri in light of the former governors' resignation last Friday. But that hearing was canceled after an attorney for the House committee notified Cole County Circuit Judge Jon Beetem late Wednesday that it's withdrawing its request to enforce the subpoena.
The House panel had sought records related to any coordination between Greitens, their campaign and the nonprofit, as well as media advertising records from the nonprofit.
A New Missouri is a 501c4 social welfare organization that is not required by federal regulations to disclose donors. The group, which was formed by Greitens' aides, had supported the governor and their agenda — sometimes even running ads against their critics.
The House had indicated last week that it wanted to push forward with the subpoena for records, even after Greitens said they were quitting.
Greitens had been facing potential impeachment proceedings in the House when they announced their resignation.
Their exit from office was part of a deal with a St. Louis prosecutor to drop a felony charge alleging they disclosed a donor list for The Mission Continues to their political fundraiser in 2015 without the permission of the St. Louis-based charity they founded. The text of that agreement had been released last week with two sections redacted from public view.
On Wednesday, St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner released an unredacted version in response to open-records requests and after receiving an opinion from Attorney General Josh Hawley's office that the full agreement could legally be released. The other previously redacted section simply stated that Greitens' stipulation about the evidence would be kept under seal unless they committed a new offense or made public comments contrary to the stipulation.
Greitens still face the possibility of other charges. A special prosecutor has not yet decided whether to refile a previously dismissed invasion-of-privacy charge alleging Greitens took and transmitted a nonconsensual photo of a partially nude woman with whom they had an affair in 2015. That special prosecutor also has the discretion to bring other charges relating to that affair.
The former Republican governor has acknowledged the affair but has denied criminal wrongdoing and hasn't directly answered questions about whether they took the photo.
New DNA Evidence In Unsolved Sunderland Murder
Police investigating the murder of schoolgirl Nikki Allan in Sunderland have new forensic evidence, on the 25th anniversary of their death.
The seven-year-old was found dead on October 8, 1992, in the then-derelict Old Exchange Building, near to their family home at Wear Garth, Sunderland.
They had been badly beaten and stabbed.
Although arrests have been made in connection with Nikki's death, detectives are still keen to trace anyone who had any form of contact with Nikki prior to their death.
Officers have recovered further forensic results, including some DNA from a male, and are appealing for male members of the family, friends or others who innocently may have come into contact with Nikki to come forward to have a DNA sample taken so they can be eliminated from enquiries.
The first man to step forward is Nikki's father, David Allan, who is speaking out for the first time in 25 years.
David said:
"I have remained quiet about Nikki's death for 25 years but now is the time I need to speak out."
"I can't begin to describe how difficult life has been without my beautiful little girl. I would never want anyone to suffer the heartache we have suffered as parents."
"As Nikki's father, I have provided a DNA sample myself and it is very quick, easy and completely painless."
"I would beg anyone who knew Nikki or had any contact with them before they died to please come forward to have your DNA taken."
"This isn't about accusing anyone of being a suspect - this is to eliminate you from police enquiries."
Detective Inspector Paul Waugh said:
"In order to ensure we are able to fully consider any new scientific findings we have been obtaining DNA samples from people who may have been in the area at the time."
This is perfectly normal within any forensic examination and we would urge anyone to come forward to ensure they can be ruled out of the investigation at an early stage."
The scientific work is ongoing and we will continue to do all we can to maximise the use of forensic science to progress this investigation."
"Although the murder happened 25 years ago it is still very much an active case for Northumbria Police and we will continue to investigate until Nikki's killer is brought justice."
"We strongly urge any members of Nikki's family, friends of the family or anyone who had any contact with Nikki prior to their death to come forward to be tested for their DNA."
A £10,000 reward is being offered by Crimestoppers for information that leads to the conviction of Nikki's killer.
Withered performed at Decibel Metal and Beer Fest on Sunday, April 23, blasting the crowd with their instantly recognizable melting pot of black, death and doom metal. The Atlanta quartet also revealed their beer collaboration, the “Tortured Blackened Berry Brew,” with Burnt Hickory Brewing, at the fest.
More videos from the fest are available via Max Volume Silence Live.
A 'sale agreed' sign has gone up on the Bray home of singer/songwriter Sinead O'Connor.
The Dubliner's now former home, Montebello on Strand Road in the Wicklow town, went on the market last October for €795,000, considerably less than the €1.7m they are believed to have bought for it a decade ago.
It has not been disclosed how much O'Connor, who recently turned 50, has been accepted for the six-bedroom property, but it is understood to be close to the asking price.
It's understood that O'Connor has not lived at Montebello for some time and spent most of the past year in the United States of America.
Originally built in the 1860s, the house was extensively refurbished by O'Connor. It has a yoga room, four bathrooms and a playroom. Montebello is also situated in one of Bray's most desirable areas, and offers stunning sea views.
Residents are being warned to take care as the region prepares to be hit by “hazardous” icy conditions tonight.
The “yellow” warning, issued by the Met Office for the East Midlands, warns residents that roads and pavements will become very slippery as temperatures fall below freezing this evening (Monday, January 2).
“Please be aware that untreated surfaces, such as pavements and some minor roads, are likely to turn very slippery later Monday night and on Tuesday morning. A little freezing fog patches are also possible,” the warning reads.
“A very cold night is in store, and as moister air comes in contact with cold surfaces later, the potential for a lot of frost to form, rendering some surfaces hazardous.”
Argentina and Singer caught in financial tango Don't expect Argentina President Cristina Kirchner to order their Economy Minister, Axel Kicillof, back to the negotiating table in New York anytime soon. Despite the fact the embattled country defaulted...
Follow Argentina's debt drama as clock ticks on default As the clock ticked past midnight in New York without a legal stay or eleventh-hour deal, Argentina was in technical default on its national debt — its second default in...
Argentina's banks float plan to avert default, end debt impasse Argentina's banks are floating a last-ditch plan to avert another default by the debt-ridden nation and end a standoff with holdout investors in the US. Local banks would pay off...
Argentina to begin settlement talks with debt holdouts Argentine officials arrived in New York on Monday to begin discussions with a mediator about settling with the holdouts who won a $1.5 billion judgment. The delegation is seeking a...
Green Day has released their video for the track “Revolution Radio.” The song serves as the title track from their release of the same name and the video finds them performing the track at present day, intermixed with videos of them performing live from earlier in their career. In addition to the new video, the band is also prepping for an extended tour in support of the album. The run starts on August 1 in Auburn, Washington at the White River Amphitheatre. It will continue through September 13 when they'll wrap in Chula Vista, California at the Sleep Train Amphitheatre. Green Day Revolution Radio Summer Tour August 1 – Auburn, WA @ White River Amphitheatre August 2 – Portland, OR @ Moda Center August 5 – Oakland, CA @ Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum August 7 – Salt Lake City, UT @ USANA Amphitheatre August 9 – Englewood, CO @ Fiddler's Green Amphitheatre August 11 – Kansas City, MO @ Sprint Center August 12 – Omaha, NE @ CenturyLink Center August 14 – Maryland Heights, MO @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre August 16 – Noblesville, IN @ Klipsch Music Center August 18 – Toronto, ON @ Budweiser Stage August 20 – Cincinnati, OH @ Riverbend Music Center August 21 – Cuyahoga Falls, OH @ Blossom Music Center August 26 – Darien Center, NY @ Darien Lake Performing Arts Center August 28 – Mansfield, MA @ Xfinity Center August 29 – Hartford, CT @ The XFINITY Theatre August 31 – Camden, NJ @ BB&T Pavilion September 1 – Raleigh, NC @ Coastal Credit Union Music Park September 3 – West Palm Beach, FL @ Perfect Vodka Amphitheatre September 5 – Tampa, FL @ MidFlorida Credit Union Amphitheatre September 6 – Orange Beach, AL @ The Wharf Amphitheater September 8 – San Antonio, TX @ AT&T Center September 9 – Austin, TX @ Austin360 Amphitheater September 11 – Albuquerque, NM @ Isleta Amphitheater September 13 – Chula Vista, CA @ Sleep Train Amphitheatre Copyright(c) 2017 RTTNews.com. All Rights ReservedLess «
DUBLIN, Ohio — On Tuesday, Jack Nicklaus, addressing Tiger Woods not having won a golf tournament since 2013, said they believe Woods needs to “learn how to win again.''
“We all have to learn how to win again,'' Nicklaus said.
On Wednesday, the eve of the opening round of The Memorial at Muirfield, where Nicklaus serves as the host, Woods agreed with the man whose major championship record (18) he's been chasing for more than two decades.
“I think that's understanding what it takes to finish it off and get a W,'' Woods said. “I've been on runs where it just came pretty easy, getting W's, and other stretches where it was very difficult. To me, this is a little bit different because I'm coming back off of not really playing for a while.
“I remember the feelings when I was at Valspar (in March), when I had a chance to win there (and) finished second. It really felt comfortable. Hopefully, I can just shoot the low round when I need it.''
Woods, who's playing in their ninth official PGA Tour event this season in their return from back surgery, is playing The Memorial for the first time since 2015, when they shot a stunning 85 in the third round, their highest score as a pro. But he's won The Memorial five times, so there's still some mental and muscle memory.
“It's great to be back,'' Woods said. “I obviously haven't played in a few years and have a lot of great memories here. I've always enjoyed playing Jack's place, and this year is no different. It's just great to be back playing a golf course that I've always loved.''
Woods' last tournament was the Players Championship at Sawgrass, where they finished tied for 11th after playing the weekend in 10-under par.
“I took a couple weeks off and was able to recharge and get ready for this stretch through the US Open,'' Woods said. “I got a chance to play Shinnecock the last couple days, take a look at it.''
Nicklaus chatted with Woods for a few moments during Wednesday's pro-am practice round (which Woods played alongside Peyton Manning) and complimented them on how far he's come in their latest comeback attempt.
“He was saying that my swing's starting to look a little bit better,'' Woods said. “I said, ‘Yeah, I'm really not that far away,' and they totally agreed. They just kept urging me to be patient with it because they could see that I've made some pretty big strides this year and not far away from putting it all together.''
Said Nicklaus: “I like what he's done with their golf swing. I think Tiger's swing right now is probably better than it was. They didn't win their tournaments with their long game. They won their tournaments because they could figure out how to get it out of trouble, get it somewhere around the green, and their short game has always been fantastic and it's still fantastic. So I think that if Tiger can just play reasonably well tee to green, with their short game, they will be in contention.
“He has got to get through the barrier of not having done it (win) for a while,'' Nicklaus went on.
“When you haven't won, that always happens, and that's human nature. But when you got a guy that's as good as they are and as competitive as they are, he'll break through that barrier. I wouldn't be a bit surprised to see Tiger win this week, not at all. He's playing well, they love the golf course, he's always played well here, and their remembrance of what he's done here will come back into their head. That will help them play better.''
The Amber Alert system helps locate missing children.
Please pay attention to them.
You could help reunite a missing child with their loved ones! B96 Cares!
Correct! Wrong! It's real!
As Snopes reports, this image was taken during the State of the Union address and Democrats really were checking their phones. Lawmakers use their phones for notes, fact-checking, and monitoring social media. It's not unheard of for them to do so during the SOTU.
More than 100 minutes into “A Most Wanted Man,” a CIA officer asks, “What are we trying to achieve here?” Viewers can be forgiven for replying, “If you don't know,...
A crucial step in recognizing Jews' ancient right to their homeland Quite a banquet will take place Thursday night in London to mark the centenary of the Balfour Declaration. That's the letter in which Britain announced its support for the establishment...
Maggots wriggle out of couple's anniversary steak “Would you like flies with that?” could well be the question from the staff at a Sydney pub which has admitted it accidentally served a steak with a side of blowfly...
Even born-and-bred Upper East Siders were obsessed with 'Gossip Girl' “Hey, Upper East Siders … ” So began all 121 episodes of “Gossip Girl” — with a mischievous greeting from anonymous blogger Gossip Girl herself. For most viewers, it was...
Tributes laid for Princess Diana on 20th anniversary of death Princess Diana is being honored in the UK and around the world on Thursday, the 20th anniversary of their tragic death. Public services were planned across Britain, including at the...
Princess Diana's death through a child's eyes: I now know why I wept Grief looks different through everyone's eyes, especially a child's. I was 11 years old when Princess Diana died with their lover Dodi Al Fayed and driver Henri Paul exactly 20...
The Queens Museum's new exhibit: its own disgrace The Queens Museum has a new piece to put on display: its own disgrace. The museum announced late Wednesday that it reversed its decision to renege on hosting a re-enactment...
What I learned from seeing Detroit go up in flames 50 years ago this week Fifty years ago this weekend, a deadly urban riot began in Detroit. It started around 3:30 a.m., when police arrested 85 patrons of a “blind pig” — an illegal after-hours...
Why de Blasio stood with cops on Monday's anniversary of Eric Garner's death In a switch from past practice, Mayor de Blasio skipped events Monday for the third anniversary of Eric Garner's death. Instead, they spoke at an unrelated stop at the 105th...
The literary left's anti-celebration of Jerusalem's liberation The literary elite is using the 50th anniversary of the reunification of Jerusalem to make Israel's greatest victory synonymous with tragedy. It's the new “nakba,” that being the Arabic word...
Poems for Valentine's Day by Langston Hughes
Love Song for Lucinda
Love
Is a ripe plum
Growing on a purple tree.
Taste it once
And the spell of its enchantment
Will never let you be.
Love
Is a bright star
Glowing in far Southern skies.
Look too hard
And its burning flame
Will always hurt your eyes.
Love
Is a high mountain
Stark in a windy sky.
If you
Would never lose your breath
Do not climb too high.
OTTAWA — Proposals for tax changes aimed at helping Canadian publishers fight for revenues with online news aggregators would result in a punitive "tax on advertisers," executives from Google Canada and Facebook Canada told a Commons committee studying the country's media industry.
That's because tax laws currently on the books designed to prop up the industry are archaic and simply don't apply to the Internet age, Jason Kee, Google Canada's head of policy and government relations, told the heritage committee Tuesday.
Kee said they had concerns over how such changes would be implemented.
"Long story short, it's essentially a tax on Canadian advertisers," they said.
A report commissioned by the Department of Heritage and unveiled late last month called on Ottawa to consider changing tax laws to favour Canadian news publishers in the digital advertising market and use the new revenue stream to establish an independent, publicly subsidized journalism fund.
The independent think-tank Public Policy Forum recommended that advertising with foreign-owned websites no longer be deductible under the federal Income Tax Act.
The report, authored by former journalist Edward Greenspon, said that, by extending a 10 per cent withholding tax to commercials and advertising carried by foreign digital media, the government could create a new revenue stream of up to $400 million annually.
But Kee said that assumes a direct relationship between an advertiser and a publisher that doesn't actually exist in the digital world, but which does for traditional media under a policy dating from the 1960s.
"So as a result, a change in tax treatment could actually be punitive and there may not actually be an alternative (way to advertise)," they said.
Facebook Canada's Kevin Chan added that the committee should be asking Canadian advertisers what they think of the tax change proposal, suggesting they might shed more light on how the potential changes would affect them.
The appearance by representatives of the social media aggregators was the first since both firms pledged to roll out tools in Canada designed to crack down on so-called "fake news."
Both Facebook and Google said they planned to unveil those tools in Canada soon — as they have already in the United States and elsewhere — to help users discern between credible news and what they term "misrepresentative content."
Chan told the committee the tools will be introduced slowly and will at first be "narrow in scope" over concerns that legitimate news might be deemed "fake news" after being flagged by users who simply might not agree with a story, even if it's accurate.
Heritage Minister Melanie Joly held consultations last fall where media industry representatives argued in favour of an Internet tax or at least a sales tax on streamed digital content to help pay for Canadian content.
While Joly has insisted there would be "no Netflix" tax under the Liberal government, they have deferred questions about a potential sales tax to the Finance Department.
But a spokesperson for Finance Minister Bill Morneau said last month that expanding the Goods and Services Tax to Netflix was not in the works.
Foreign-based streaming services are technically subject to sales tax on their Canadian sales, but no system has ever been established to collect the tax.
Revenue for Canadian news content providers, including traditional media, has dwindled as advertising dollars shift to online news aggregator services.
Pollster Allan Gregg at Earnscliffe Strategy Group, has said Canadians have enjoyed faster access to more content than ever before, thanks to the Internet, and don't see a crisis in the news business.
A majority of those they have polled are dead-set against taxpayers propping up the industry, Gregg added.
Joly told the Canadian Media Producers Association earlier this month that Canadians they have heard from want all media providers to be treated equally, but they don't want to see their Internet bills go up.
"We have to bear in mind that Canadians are anxious about their cost of living," Joly said.
Joly has promised to unveil a cultural strategy this year aimed in part at bolstering job growth in Canada's cultural sector, with an emphasis on cultural exports. The minister is also expected to announce soon the results of their wide-ranging review of Canada's media and cultural industries.
Joly's office has called the shifts in news revenue streams "significant," and said the government hopes its Canadian content consultations can help it assess how to best support the production of local, credible and reliable news and information.
The heritage committee is expected to report to Parliament by spring.
— Follow @tpedwell on Twitter
Terry Pedwell, The Canadian Press
Note to readers: This is a corrected story. A previous version incorrectly attributed paragraphs 2, 3 and 8 to Facebook Canada's Kevin Chan, and paragraph 10 to Google Canada's Jason Kee
TAMPA, Fla. — Former Purdue QB Austin Appleby threw for 222 yards and two touchdowns, helping No. 20 Florida end a two-game losing streak with a 30-3 rout of No. 21 Iowa in the Outback Bowl on Monday.
Mark Thompson scored on an 85-yard pass play in the first half and Appleby, a graduate transfer who spent the past four seasons at Purdue, tossed a 6-yard TD pass to DeAndre Goolsby to break the game open late in the third quarter. Chauncey Gardner, Jr., returned the first of their two fourth-quarter interceptions 58 yards for a 24-3 lead.
Florida (9-4) rebounded from lopsided losses to archrival Florida State and No. 1 Alabama, scoring more points on Iowa (8-5) than the Hawkeyes allowed to Michigan, Illinois and Nebraska combined while ending the regular season on a three-game winning streak.
Iowa's C.J. Beathard led an early field goal drive, and managed to get their team close to the end zone on two other occasions. Florida's defense stiffened both times, stopping the Hawkeyes on downs at the Gator 3 in the second quarter and forcing them to settle for a 30-yard field goal that sailed wide right midway through the third quarter.
Appleby, who actually began their career at Purdue against Iowa, shrugged off throwing interceptions on Florida's first two drives of the day to finish 14 of 25 passing.
Akrum Wadley ran for 115 yards, giving Iowa a pair of 1,000-yard rushers in the same season for the first time. The junior finished with 1,081, and LeShun Daniels wound up with 1,058 after gaining 45 Monday.
THE TAKEAWAY
Florida: The Gators could be looking at having to replace at least three stalwarts on defense — tackle Caleb Brantley and cornerbacks Jalen Tabor and Quincy Wilson — who are expected to leave school early to enter the NFL draft. Linebacker Alex Anzalone and defensive back Duke Dawson also are considering turning pro.
Iowa: Like Florida's Tabor and Wilson, cornerback Desmond King is a likely high NFL draft pick. They won the Jim Thorpe Award as the nation's top defensive back as a junior and was just as good this year, though opponents' reluctance to throw their way — three interceptions this season vs. eight in 2015 — may have hurt their chances to win the award again as a senior. The Hawkeyes will also lose quarterback C.J. Beathard, who finished their career 21-7 as a starter.
TURNING POINT
Beathard directed the best drive of the game by either team, moving Iowa from its own 36 to inside the Florida 10 with help from runs of 27 yards by Akrum Wadley and 11 yards by LeShun Daniels, plus an 18-yard pass to tight end George Kittle on third-and-14 from the Gators 28. Three plays later, Beathard dropped back to throw before scrambling for a 6-yard gain near the goal line. The Hawkeyes thought they scored, but officials ruled them down at the 1. Daniels was dropped for a 2-yard loss on fourth down. Florida snapped the 3-3 tie less than six minutes later, when Thompson scored on the longest reception and TD in Outback Bowl history.
UP NEXT
Florida: Opens next season Sept. 2 against Michigan in Arlington, Texas.
Iowa: Wyoming visits Iowa City for season opener on Sept. 2.
SALISBURY, N.C. — Food Lion has expanded its personalized rewards pilot program to the Greensboro, N.C., market.
“Through the Shop & Earn MVP Customer Rewards Program, we are offering our customers the opportunity to save an average of $20, or more, each month in our stores in categories they are already shopping in,” said Food Lion vice president of marketing Deborah Sabo. “The more our customers shop at Food Lion, the more they will save. We believe our customers will find tremendous value through these personalized offers based on their shopping behavior.”
Shop & Earn is being rolled out to customers in the company's Greensboro, N.C., market following a successful test in the Raleigh, N.C., market earlier this year, according to the company. The program may be rolled out to all Food Lion stores if it continues to prove popular with consumers.
Food Lion customers can enroll in the program via the grocer's web site, or on the Food Lion mobile app. The program works by offering shoppers personalized deals on the products and categories they shop most often. To earn the savings, they must meet preset spending goals. Shoppers can track their progress online or via the app, and when they meet their goals, the rewards are automatically redeemed on their next shopping trip.
Oil patch seen overtaking Iran by the end of the year
Shale play in Texas, New Mexico to hit record output in May
The Permian shale play is all about setting records. Now, the region will probably become the world's largest oil patch over the next decade.
Output in the basin is forecast to reach 3.18 million barrels a day in May, according to the Energy Information Administration. That's the highest since the agency began compiling records in 2007. The size of the oil deposits coupled with increased technology and efficiency are fueling the rampant growth.
“The technology is the biggest driver,” said Rob Thummel, managing director at Tortoise, which handles $16 billion in energy-related assets. “The basin in and of itself could end up being the largest oil field in the world."
By contrast, top-producing members of OPEC such as Iran and Iraq pump less than 5 million barrels a day. Iran produced about 3.81 million barrels day in March, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
“If the Permian was part of OPEC, it would be the fourth-largest OPEC member, right behind Saudi Arabia, Iran and Iraq,” Thummel said. “By the end of the year, the Permian probably overtakes Iran.”
Image copyright Fenland District Council Image caption The fountain, replaced last June, has been vandalised again
A council has said it will repair a town's fountain, damaged by "senseless" vandalism, just once more.
Fenland District Council said the feature in St Peter's Church gardens, Wisbech, Cambridgeshire, was destroyed this week for the second time in eight months.
Councillor Peter Murphy said it would cost about £3,000 to replace the fountain and the surrounding pond.
They said the council could not afford to keep repairing it.
The authority said the fountain was smashed to pieces on Monday after being pushed over.
The feature was replaced in June after the previous fountain was destroyed the month before.
Mr Murphy said: "We had hoped when it was replaced last year that it would be respected and looked after for years to come.
"Sadly it has been wrecked by vandals once again, to the outrage and frustration of many in the community.
"It will cost around £3,000 to replace the fountain and repair the pond, and take around eight weeks for the work to be completed, but this will be the last time the council can repair it.
"We don't want to be defeated by these senseless criminals but we can't afford to keep spending taxpayers' money repairing the damage they cause."
NEW LEBANON, Ohio (WDTN) – Congratulations to the Dixie Marching Greyhounds our Operation Football Indiana Wesleyan University band of the week.
Under the direction of Brent Fugate and assistant Abby Greenfield.. the marching Greyhounds are 51 members strong.
This year's show is entitled “The Legends of Rock” featuring the music of Queen.. Joan Jet and the Blackhearts, kiss and the rolling stones.
The marching Greyhounds will be performing at their very own fall concert Sunday and not only will you see them at every Dixie football game, they'll also be at varsity home basketball games this winter.
Congratulations once again to the Dixie Marching Greyhounds our operation football, Indiana Wesleyan University band of the week!
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Hollywood has suffered another hack — and this one may have targeted "Game of Thrones" and other HBO shows.
Richard Plepler, HBO's chairperson and CEO, notified employees of the breach in a Monday morning email.
“As most of you have probably heard by now, there has been a cyber incident directed at the company which has resulted in some stolen proprietary information, including some of our programming,” they wrote.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed HBO Hackers Claim to Have 'Game of Thrones' Documents 1:39 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“Any intrusion of this nature is obviously disruptive, unsettling, and disturbing for all of us. I can assure you that senior leadership and our extraordinary technology team, along with outside experts, are working round the clock to protect our collective interests."
The network isn't commenting on the scope of the breach or the specifics of what was stolen
"HBO recently experienced a cyber incident, which resulted in the compromise of proprietary information. We immediately began investigating the incident and are working with law enforcement and outside cybersecurity firms. Data protection is a top priority at HBO, and we take seriously our responsibility to protect the data we hold," HBO said in a statement.
Material that has yet to air from "Ballers" and "Room 104" has apparently been leaked online, according to reports. In addition, hackers may have taken written material allegedly from an upcoming episode of "Game of Thrones," according to Entertainment Weekly. In total, EW reports hackers claim to have 1.5 terabyte of data. For some perspective, 1 TB can hold an estimated 500 hours worth of movies, according to a ballpark estimate from PC Ninja.
NBC News has not been able to independently verify these claims.
Game of Thrones Season 7 production still with Lena Headey, Nikolaj Coster-Waldau. Helen Sloan / HBO
It's unclear who is behind the attack, however an anonymous email reportedly addressed to several reporters made them aware of the breach on Sunday.
“Hi to all humankind. The greatest leak of cyberspace era is happening. What's its name? Oh I forget to tell. Its HBO and Game of Thrones……!!!!!! You are lucky to be the first pioneers to witness and download the leak. Enjoy it & spread the words. Whoever spreads well, we will have an interview with him. HBO is falling," according to EW.
Plepler also said in their email that the "problem before us is unfortunately all too familiar in the world we now find ourselves a part of. As has been the case with any challenge we have ever faced, I have absolutely no doubt that we will navigate our way through this successfully."
HBO joins the ranks of other Hollywood giants that have been under attack in recent years.
Netflix fell victim to hackers earlier this year when some episodes of "Orange Is the New Black" season five were leaked prior to the series' June release date.
As far as entertainment industry hacks go, Sony suffered the biggest one yet in 2014 when thieves leaked personal information and email exchanges, some of which were between actors and executives. The hack was apparently prompted by the satirical film "The Interview," in which a news crew scores an interview with Kim Jong-un — and is asked by the CIA to assassinate him.
However, it's also worth a note of caution. Hackers are usually a braggadocios bunch who like to overstate their claims. Earlier this year, Disney was the target of a hoax, in which hackers claimed to have a copy of the newest "Pirates of the Caribbean" film in their possession.
Bitcoin proving to be nothing more than a con Bitcoin was trading at about $8,380 on Monday — less than half its highest price. That means there is only $8,380 more to go before bitcoin is fairly priced at...
Cryptocurrency leaves investors vulnerable to hacking Cryptocurrencies aren't called “crypto” for nothing. A large part of the attraction of bitcoin, ethereum and other digital currencies for investors is that the blockchain transactions through which they function...
Bitcoin plunges as lawmakers threaten regulations Bitcoin plunged nearly 13 percent on Wednesday after Capitol Hill lawmakers weighed a move to regulate the nascent crypto-asset space. Members of the House Financial Services Committee met with crypto-experts...
Google says it will ban all ads tied to cryptocurrencies Alphabet's Google said on Wednesday it will ban advertisements for cryptocurrencies and related content starting in June. Under the new policy, the company will ban ads for unregulated or speculative...
Fed crackdown on cryptocurrency 'exchanges' slams bitcoin Federal regulators widened their crackdown on crypto-assets on Wednesday by requiring the various platforms that trade bitcoin and their digital cousins to register as exchanges. News of the rule change...
600 computers used to mine bitcoin stolen in huge heist REYKJAVIK, Iceland — Some 600 computers used to “mine” bitcoin and other virtual currencies have been stolen from data centers in Iceland in what police say is the biggest series...
SEC cracking down on cryptocurrency Federal regulators seem intent on crashing the cryptocurrency celebration. In dozens of subpoenas sent to crypto-issuers since at least January, regulators have told the companies they should treat their initial...
Overstock reveals SEC is probing its cryptocurrency Overstock.com, run by CEO and cryptocurrency evangelist Patrick Byrne, revealed in regulatory documents on Thursday it was under investigation by securities regulators over its bitcoin-like business. The news sent the...
Watch Kerin Lake's try helps Wales see off Scotland in a tense encounter in the Women's Six Nations at Colwyn Bay.
Advisory: Available to Uk users only.
10-Minute Options Strategy - Live Webinar and Q&A
Thursday, March 22, 2018 at 3pm EDT
Huge apologizes to everyone who received a "webinar is full" message when they tried to register for the options webinar. There was such a great response that I had to up our registration cap.
In this webinar, learn how to find, place, and manage profitable options trades in only 10 minutes with a simple strategy that I created.
Reserve Your Spot - although spots have been added, we are on pace to hit max capacity.
Can't make it? Please register for the event, and you'll receive a recording of the webinar.
Thank you,
Trader Travis
MarketClub Options
In a globalised world, it is increasingly intangible assets like intellectual property which make up the majority of a given company's value. Protecting these assets at home and abroad is essential.
IP Australia administers Australia's intellectual property rights system, including patents, trademarks, designs and plant breeder's rights. It's vision is to "create a world leading IP system building prosperity for Australia".
Chief information officer Sanjay Kalra arrived at the agency in January, from the University of Newcastle where they were CIO and later chief digital officer.
Armed with a “mandate for change”, Kalra has ambitious plans for the agency. They have put in place a new strategy, restructured the technology team, and transformed the way staff work to make the agency more nimble, faster moving and ready for the future.
The ambition now is to move into the cloud “holus bolus” within three years, and roll-out an all-encompassing microservices architecture model, linked by APIs.
“Big, big changes are happening,” Kalra says. “It's been an action packed year so far.”
Ripe for refresh
Arriving at the agency, Kalra found a slew of ageing systems numbering into the hundreds which were “increasingly expensive to run and really tightly coupled environments”, they say.
“It seemed to me that the whole environment was ripe for a refresh,” Kalra says.
IP Australia CIO, Sanjay Kalra
Kalra, who reports to the agency's Deputy Director General Deb Anton, has a three part strategy: Fix – “to address yesterday's shortcomings”; Modernise – “to catch up with today's technology” and; Transform the organisation with “tomorrow's innovations”.
They have restructured the team into four groups: business engagement; business systems; data management and security; and technology operations and cloud services.
Business engagement includes the creation of what Kalra calls an “ICT front door” through which business units interact with their team.
“The business doesn't need to know who does what in IT. Whether they've got a problem or they've got a future plan of doing something new. They just need to access one person,” Kalra explains.
Adopting agile methodologies – which includes the creation of an agile guild – the team is better aligned and skilled to meet the agency needs.
“We've got to take our staff with us on the journey,” Kalra says. “They need to retool and they need to move forward to adopt new skills and kind of adopt new ways of working.”
Holus bolus cloud
At present, IP Australia's infrastructure is “totally in house” save for a few SAS applications.
“The cloud is a big one. We're getting out of our data centre and into the cloud holus bolus – not a hybrid cloud. Ideally we would like to have zero foot-print in our data centre,” Kalra explains, “It's a complete change. We are getting out of the data centre and hardware business.”
That task is easier than ever, Kalra says, thanks to a fast-maturing cloud ecosystem in Canberra.
The nation's capital is home to a growing number of government approved data centres from both major and niche providers. The Australian Signals Directorate's Certified Cloud Services List, has expanded rapidly over the last few years: most recently with the addition of Microsoft's two new hyperscale cloud regions at Canberra Data Centres.
“It means as an individual government agency we don't have to go through the whole detailed analysis of each cloud provider, the security posture and capability. The government does it for us,” Kalra explains.
“We're not fighting an uphill battle. We are fighting a battle where there's a deal of tailwind behind us,” they add.
The move will not be a “lift and shift” of hardware to a new data centre.
“We will go basically with a cloud based model which means no hardware to be bought, managed or owned by us at all. Basically as a clean as a service offering rather than as a hosted offering. We don't want a hosted cloud offering. We want an as a service cloud offering,” Kalra says.
Up the API ante
Alongside the move to public cloud, IP Australia is pursuing an API and micro-services driven architecture Kalra likens to Lego building blocks.
“We've now got it on a solid footing with a cloud based platform for APIs. And we've already started moving away from the older web services style of integration to the API style of integration,” they say.
“We are overhauling all our applications one by one to move toward a micro services architecture model and connecting everything through APIs. We've got really very tightly coupled systems which are large monolithic systems and very difficult to change fast.”
The Lego bricks approach will see the team build small elements of application functionality which can be combined in different ways to create apps “as you go along”, all connected via APIs.
“It just gives a lot of flexibility to upgrade, to update, to enhance. Because the days of the big large applications are over. The business wants the new functionality in a matter of weeks they can't wait a year to have new functionality delivered and for that we needed to overhaul our core architectures of apps,” Kalra says.
As well as linking apps internally, APIs will also be used to safely expose agency data to external start-ups and entrepreneurs.
The agency has already dabbled in open APIs. In 2016 it made its ‘Intellectual Property Government Open Live Data (IPGOLD)' data available (building on a less frequently updated previous API) which includes more than 100 years of patent, trademark, designs and plant breeder data.
By upping the ante on external APIs the agency will be able to “give this connectivity to the external world seamlessly” Kalra says.
Fast into the future
After close to a year in the role, Kalra has set up IP Australia for the future. The agency – which has around 1200 staff – has long been a pioneer of innovations. It was one of the first government agencies to roll-out intelligent chatbots on its website. In February, it launched image searching within the agency's trademark search tool working with Queensland image recognition start-up, TrademarkVision.
Last month it announced it was working to create a single, internationally linked trademark database called TMlink, in collaboration with Swinburne University of Technology and the University of Melbourne.
Soon, Kalra says, there will be serious forays into machine learning and artificial intelligence enabled by the foundations that have been put in place.
“We have an advantageous position where we've done the groundwork. And being a medium-sized agency we are much more nimble and can act faster than some of the other agencies in town,” Kalra says.
“The business now has the expectation and appetite of moving fast into the future.”
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Cyborgs at Work: Employees Getting Implanted with Microchips The syringe slides in between the thumb and index finger. Then, with a click, a microchip is injected in the employee's hand. Another "cyborg" is created. What could pass for a dystopian vision of the workplace is almost routine at the Swedish startup hub Epicenter. The company offers to implant its workers and startup members with microchips the size of grains of rice that function as swipe cards: to open doors, operate printers, or buy smoothies with a wave of the hand. The injections have become so popular that workers at Epicenter hold parties for those willing to get implanted. "The biggest benefit I think is convenience," said Patrick Mesterton, co-founder and CEO of Epicenter. As a demonstration, they unlock a door by merely waving near it. "It basically replaces a lot of things you have, other communication devices, whether it be credit cards or keys." The technology in itself is not new. Such chips are used as virtual collar plates for pets. Companies use them to track deliveries. It's just never been used to tag employees on a broad scale before. Epicenter and a handful of other companies are the first to make chip implants broadly available. And as with most new technologies, it raises security and privacy issues. While biologically safe, the data generated by the chips can show how often an employee comes to work or what they buy. Unlike company swipe cards or smartphones, which can generate the same data, a person cannot easily separate themselves from the chip. "Of course, putting things into your body is quite a big step to do and it was even for me at first," said Mesterton, remembering how they initially had had doubts. "But then on the other hand, I mean, people have been implanting things into their body, like pacemakers and stuff to control your heart," they said. "That's a way, way more serious thing than having a small chip that can actually communicate with devices." Epicenter, which is home to more than 100 companies and some 2,000 workers, began implanting workers in January 2015. Now, about 150 workers have them. A company based in Belgium also offers its employees such implants, and there are isolated cases around the world where tech enthusiasts have tried this out in recent years. The small implants use Near Field Communication (NFC) technology, the same as in contactless credit cards or mobile payments. When activated by a reader a few centimeters (inches) away, a small amount of data flows between the two devices via electromagnetic waves. The implants are "passive," meaning they contain information that other devices can read, but cannot read information themselves. Ben Libberton, a microbiologist at Stockholm's Karolinska Institute, says hackers could conceivably gain huge swathes of information from embedded microchips. The ethical dilemmas will become bigger the more sophisticated the microchips become. "The data that you could possibly get from a chip that is embedded in your body is a lot different from the data that you can get from a smartphone," they say. "Conceptually you could get data about your health, you could get data about your whereabouts, how often you're working, how long you're working, if you're taking toilet breaks and things like that." Libberton said that if such data is collected, the big question remains of what happens to it, who uses it, and for what purpose. So far, Epicenter's group of cyborgs doesn't seem too concerned. "People ask me; 'Are you chipped?' and I say; 'Yes, why not,'" said Fredric Kaijser, the 47-year-old chief experience officer at Epicenter. "And they all get excited about privacy issues and what that means and so forth. And for me it's just a matter of I like to try new things and just see it as more of an enabler and what that would bring into the future." The implants have become so popular that Epicenter workers stage monthly events where attendees have the option of being "chipped" for free. That means visits from self-described "body hacker" Jowan Osterlund from Biohax Sweden who performs the "operation." They inject the implants -- using pre-loaded syringes -- into the fleshy area of the hand, just next to the thumb. The process lasts a few seconds, and more often than not there are no screams and barely a drop of blood. "The next step for electronics is to move into the body," they say. Sandra Haglof, 25, who works for Eventomatic, an events company that works with Epicenter, has had three piercings before, and their left hand barely shakes as Osterlund injects the small chip. "I want to be part of the future," they laugh. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Microchips, Cyborg, Robotics, Near Field Communication, NFC, Privacy
Damascus Countryside, SANA- Army units, backed by the air force, have launched intensive strikes on operations' rooms and fortified positions of terrorist organizations and their ammo cashes in al-Hajar al-Aswad, south of Damascus, destroying many of them and the killing scores of terrorists.
The Syrian air force and artillery, SANA reporter said, directed on Tuesday intensive strikes on the so-called “security square” of terrorists in al-Hajar al-Aswad, destroying many vehicles and centers with all ammunition and equipment inside.
The reporter added that the ground units continued to advance from several directions after weakening terrorists' defenses, cutting off their supply lines after fierce clashes in the farms located between al-Hajar al-Aswad Yalda and Babila .
During their ground operations to control the terrorists' trenches and tunnels in the area, the army units of storming eliminated a group of fleeing terrorists.
The military operation is continued until the eradication of terrorism from the Western Ghouta and retaking control over southern Damascus and securing the surrounding neighborhoods, the reporter said.
The reporter added that a mortar shell launched by the terrorist organizations fell on al-Midan quarter, causing material damage but no casualties.
Ghossoun/
Two winged bulls dating from the Assyrian empire have been discovered in a labyrinth of narrow underground tunnels that ISIS jihadists dug in east Mosul to plunder artifacts and hawk...
Almost Done!
Please confirm your details below.
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate {* birthdate *} Gender {* gender *}
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *}
{* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *}
By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account.
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy.
{* backButton *}
{* /socialRegistrationForm *}
Photo: Courtesy Capitol Nashville
By Scott T. Sterling
For anyone who's ever said “I like beer,” this Michelob ULTRA Super Bowl commercial's for you.
Related: Jon Pardi's ‘Dirt on My Boots' Gets Classic Little Kid Remix
The beer company's new Super Bowl spot features Jon Pardi's version of Tom T. Hall's 1975 hit, “I Like Beer,” which peaked at No. 4 on the U.S. country singles chart back in the day.
“This past year has been filled with so many milestones and bucket list items, and when Michelob Ultra reached out with an opportunity to be part of this Super Bowl commercial, I was all in,” Pardi raved in a press statement. “It was such a fun experience to record this version of the song and it's awesome to be a part of it.”
While Pardi doesn't appear in the ad, there are cameos from actor Chris Pratt, golfer Brooks Koepka, surfer Kelly Slater and 2017 NYC Marathon winner Shalane Flanagan.
Watch the new “I Like Beer” ad ahead of the big game below:
Michael Bornstein, who escaped from Auschwitz at age 4, shows their concentration camp serial number tattooed on them during the Holocaust. Courtesy Bruce Challgren / PhotoPixels LLC
But they distinctly remember the discrimination they endured even after they got out. They and their mother lived in Germany for six years — their brother, father and several grandparents had all died at the hands of the Nazis — before coming to the United States.
Related:
Trump Condemns Hate Groups, Calls Racism ‘Evil' Days After Charlottesville Violence
“There was a lot of anti-antisemitism in Munich, but I didn't think when we came to the United States, that I'd see this,” Bornstein said.
Bornstein said they felt America was welcoming to them when they became a citizen. That's what made it even more stunning for them to see white supremacists and Ku Klux Klansmen marching over the weekend, chanting Nazi slogans and displaying swastikas. They said they were glued to coverage of what was happening in Virginia.
“The U.S. is wonderful,” they said. “I can't think of a better place to live in. But here it is again. The neo-Nazis and their supporters, the white supremacists, are finding another voice.”
The United States Holocaust Memorial Museum also expressed alarm at the events and condemned “the violence and neo-Nazi, racist, and antisemitic symbols and language used by some of the participants, including reported chants of, ‘The Jews will not replace us.'”
“Neo-Nazism in any form is antithetical to American values and has no place in American society,” the Washington, D.C., museum said in a statement.
Meanwhile, a photo spread on social media of a protester in New York holding up a sign that read, “I escaped the Nazis once. You will not defeat me now.” NBC News could not independently verify the photo's authenticity.
Bornstein, the Holocaust survivor, was among a chorus of critics who felt President Trump wasn't strong enough in their initial response to the Charlottesville rally, which turned deadly when
a car rammed into a group protesting the white nationalists and killed 32-year-old Heather Heyer. Nineteen others were injured.
On Monday, facing growing criticism, Trump made a fresh statement from the White House in which repudiated the racist ideology by KKK and called hate groups “repugnant.”
The Anne Frank Center for Mutual Respect called on Trump to go further.
“The president made it worse. They said we should all unite, but there's no way on God's Earth we will ever unite with Nazis,” Steven Goldstein, the center's executive director, said.
Borstein said they hoped this weekend would be viewed as a chance for change.
“I think this is a perfect opportunity for Americans to stand up, never forget, and to oppose this hatred we're seeing in the United States,” they said.
After drinking three bottles of vodka a 27-year-old man inflicted ‘a terrifying experience' on a woman when they walked into their home and grabbed her, Banbridge Magistrates Court heard last Thursday.
Gerard Collins, Huguenot Drive, Lisburn, admitted common assault on the victim on December 12 last year.
The court heard that at 6pm the injured party was in their living room on the phone when the front door opened and the defendant walked in.
They asked them why they were there and they grabbed them They struggled free and they attempted to grab their arm and head before they left the property.
The woman did not know who they were and while there was no physical injury they were terrified. Them daughter and son-in-law who were in the property saw the defendant walking away. They identified them to police who then arrested Collins.
The defendant was very drunk and when interviewed the following day said they couldn't remember anything after drinking three bottles of vodka.
The case had been adjourned from a previous court,
A solicitor representing Collins said they would readily admit that they have a drink problem.
They added that there didn't appear to be anything of this nature on their record.
District Judge Liam McNally said that when they read the papers in the case it came very close to immediate custody.
They gave the defendant credit for the fact that they had pleaded guilty at the first opportunity and there was no sign of violence on their record.
“It must have been a terrifying experience for her,” said the judge who imposed a probation order for 12 months.
They also ordered Collins to pay £200 compensation to the injured party.
How To Quell Wanderlust Between TripsFive tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Families Impacted By Travel Ban Unite At MSP AirportOn Sunday, families affected by the travel ban were reunited at the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Sean Connors of Grammy-winning Third Coast Percussion talks about what being in a percussion-only ensemble is all about.
/
“Percussion is almost anything that we say ‘yes' to playing.” – Sean Connors
Wait. A percussion-only ensemble? Is that, like, a fancy drum circle? Sean Connors of the Grammy-winning percussion quartet Third Coast Percussion explains that this is not too far off. But the operative word is “fancy.” As Connors describes it, percussion ensembles are the mad scientists of the music world. Any object in the world is a potential instrument. And when they've run out of objects, they invent more. (Fun fact: Third Coast sometimes works with actual scientists at the University of Notre Dame where they are ensemble in residence.) Learn all about the crazy world of percussion ensembles and hear some amazing music in this show.
Music in this episode:
Mallet Quartet: III (Fast), by Steve Reich, from Third Coast Grammy performance with Ravi Coltrane
Wild Sound, mvt 4, by Glenn Kotche (Arduino and marimba versions)
Check out this video of Third Coast Percussion performing at their masterclass at the University of Houston's Moores School of Music! So cool.
Audio production by Todd “Neil Peart” Hulslander with air drumming by Dacia Clay and video production and general other assistance by Mark DiClaudio.
Nigerians abroad sent $22 billion home in 2017
Nigerians living abroad (Diaspora), sent $21.9 billion back home in 2017, the World Bank said in its latest migration and development report, representing a 12 percent increase when compared to the $19.64 billion it repatriated in 2016. The amount sent home by Nigerians in Diaspora represents the highest in the Sub-Saharan Africa and the fifth…
This content is for Standard & Premium Digital Subscribers only. Visit the site and log in/register to read.
The post Nigerians abroad sent $22 billion home in 2017 appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Are Conditions Favorable for Lekoil Limited (AIM:LEK)? – Stanley Business News
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
They barely missed it.
“I was born on a Wednesday, and on Saturday my mom took me to the track to watch my dad race,” they say. “I've been going ever since.”
Corey's dad Mike is one of the area's veteran drivers – over the years they have raced at Nashville, Highland Rim, Carthage, Huntsville, Ala., and Owensboro, Ky. -- and Corey's mom Tammy is the family cheerleader.
“My dad has always raced, and my mom is as addicted to it as they are,” Corey says. Given those genetics, it was only a matter of time until the 24-year-old graduate of Wilson Central High and Georgia Tech would take to the track.
“I started racing motorcycles when I was 12, and three years ago I began racing stock cars,” says Corey, who this season is competing at Nashville's Fairgrounds Speedway and Highland Rim Speedway in Ridgetop.
“My mom was glad to see me switch from motorcycles to stock cars,” they say. “Motorcycles made them nervous.”
What's the attraction of the sport?
“It's hard to explain,” Corey says. “I enjoy the rush, the excitement, the challenge. It's you and your car out there against other drivers and their cars. To me, there's nothing else as exciting. Ever since I started watching my dad race I knew that's what I wanted to do.”
As for the danger:
“I've been lucky,” Corey says. “Once during a race at the Fairgrounds I wrecked and totaled my truck, but I escaped with just a few bruises and scratches. I don't dwell on it (risks).”
Corey has always had a knack for all things mechanical. After high school they were offered a scholarship to Georgia Tech by Thompson Mechanical, with the understanding that they would work for the company for a specified time after graduating.  They are employed at the company's La Vergne office.
Corey's mechanical gift comes in handy in keeping a total of nine cars up and running at the family's Roland Motorsports shop near the Fairgrounds in Lebanon.
“I race in a couple of different divisions and my dad races in another,” Corey says. “That's a lot of cars to maintain. I spend a lot of time in the shop.”
Corey competes in the Late Model division at Highland Rim Speedway. Although they have yet to win – their best finish is 3rd – they consistently run in the top five and is fourth in the championship standings.
“It's been a pretty good season so far,” they say, “but it could have been better.”
Corey's goal this season is to win Rookie of the Year and eventually challenge for championships.
They say they benefit from their dad's coaching.
“He is my spotter during races, and has given a lot of advice,” Corey says. “The most important thing I've learned from my dad is to remain calm and focused and not lose my temper. If you get mad you lose your focus and that just makes things worse. If you keep calm, things will usually work out.”
Tonight, the battle rounds kick off on The Voice 2018 and each of the four judges' teams have been chosen. During the battle rounds, contestants are put up against each other within their respective teams, leaving just one singer, out of each duet, to move forward in the competition. The coaches also have the ability to steal cast-offs from the battles and add them to their teams. Alicia Keys has 12 contestants, just like the other coaches, who have joined them in the battle rounds. Get to know each of them below.
Johnny Bliss
Growing up gay, Johnny Bliss felt a lot of pressure from their conservative family and friends. Today, Bliss is dedicating their love of music to their biggest cheerleader, their grandmother, whose breast cancer recently returned.
Britton Buchanan
Singer Buchanan joined a class rock band when they were just 13 years old and they hope to become a success in music, like all the other contestants on the show. They have a mature voice and can also play the guitar.  They are sure to win the hearts of teens across the country.
Sharane Calister
Calister hails from Des Moines, Iowa and they had a tough childhood. According to their NBC bio, “At 10, Sharane was adopted by an older cousin while their twin sister was adopted by an outside family member. Sharane's adoptive mom was soon diagnosed with breast cancer – a battle they continue to fight today. The violin became an escape for Sharane during these difficult times. It wasn't until high school gospel choir that Sharane and their sister were finally reunited.” Currently, Calister travels around, performing at private functions and parties.
Terrence Cunningham
Terrence Cunningham is the nephew of the legendary blues guitarist Etta Baker. Cunningham was a teen father, but was still able to follow their music dreams, playing the piano and singing all over the world.
Christiana Danielle
Singer Christiana Danielle actually was told they would never sing again when they were diagnosed with a mysterious throat virus, that resulted in emergency surgery. Fortunately, they proved the doctors wrong.
Livia Faith
It has been a dream of Faith's to audition for The Voice and now their dream has come true. They have an oldie kind of tone to their voice and performed the song “Dream a Little Dream of Me” for their blind audition on the show. As a kid, health issues sometimes got in the way, being diagnosed with “a heart condition called mitral valve prolapse and Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, which often left them fatigued and in pain.” They hope to break away from their hometown of Stanton, Kentucky.
Shana Halligan
Halligan is one of the contestants this season, who comes from a musical background. Them father Dick Halligan, was actually a founding member of the Grammy-winning jazz-rock band Blood, Sweat & Tears, so music is in their blood. For a few years, Halligan found success in the band Bitter:Sweet.
Jamai
Jamai started their own singing telegram business at just 16 years old and now he's hoping to become a big music artist. They have already released several songs and music videos.
Kelsea Johnson
When it comes to Kelsea Johnson, their big inspiration is their grandfather, as their NBC bio states that, “Kelsea gets their love of music from their Puerto Rican grandfather. They were in a band, sang mariachi and even wrote a book of songs. Them grandfather was diagnosed with liver cancer and passed away before seeing Kelsea on The Voice stage.” Fortunately, they have finally made it onto the show.
Megan Lee
Child star Megan Lee had a successful career as an actor at a young age and they went on to have online popularity as a singer, after they posted themselves singing “Lazy” by Bruno Mars. This video garnered 3.7 million views on YouTube and helped to get them a K-pop record deal.
Jaclyn Lovey
Homeschooler Jaclyn Lovey is a contestant on the show, who simply dreams of becoming a music artist. Lovey actually recorded their first original song in Nashville, at the age of 11. Fortunately, Lovey has had the financial backing of their community to be able to take their aspirations to the next level.
Jordyn Simone
Highschooler Jordyn Simone joins the show and is inspired by their family, who also are musical. Over the years, Simone has always pursued music, attending schools that specialized in the arts.
CAMPBELL RIVER, B.C. – Tax season is here, and the Member of Parliament for North Island-Powell River is warning residents in their riding to be wary of scams surrounding the Canada Revenue Agency.
Rachel Blaney said their office has received multiple in-person visits from people who are getting phone calls from someone claiming to be from the CRA.
Blaney said constituents have told them that people calling them are claiming to be from the CRA, and that the victim is being charged with tax fraud, or they owe taxes.
“We're just reminding people that Canada Revenue Agency does not have the right to suddenly arrest you, they do not have the right to ask you to pay in any other way but (directly) to them,” they said.
“Please ask questions, and if you are not sure that it's the CRA, then you have every right to hang up the phone and call Canada Revenue Agency directly.”
Blaney said anyone who receives a call, or text like this from someone claiming to be from the CRA should contact the Anti-Fraud Centre right away at 1-888-495-8501.
Concerned residents can also visit the Government of Canada's anti-fraud website at antifraudcentre.ca.
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — The top U.S. military officer said Monday that the United States wants to peacefully resolve a deepening standoff with North Korea but is also ready to use the “full range” of its military capabilities in case of provocation.
The comments by Marine Corps Gen. Joseph Dunford in a series of meetings with senior South Korean military and political officials and the local media appeared to be an attempt to ease anxiety over tit-for-tat threats between President Donald Trump and North Korea while also showing a willingness to back up Trump's warnings if need be.
Dunford, the chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, is visiting South Korea, Japan and China after a week in which Trump declared the U.S. military “locked and loaded” and said they were ready to unleash “fire and fury” if North Korea continued to threaten the United States.
North Korea, meanwhile, has threatened to lob four intermediate-range missiles into the waters near Guam, a tiny U.S. territory about 3,200 kilometers (2,000 miles) from Pyongyang, North Korea's capital. This would be a deeply provocative act from the U.S. perspective, and there has been widespread debate about whether Washington would try to shoot the missiles down if they're fired.
The U.S.-North Korea impasse, which has simmered since the end of the Korean War in 1953, has grown more tense in recent months over worries that the North's nuclear weapons program is nearing the ability to target the U.S. mainland. Pyongyang tested two intercontinental ballistic missiles last month.
“We are seeking a peaceful resolution to the crisis,” Dunford, who also met with South Korean President Moon Jae-in, said to reporters, according to a local pool report.
They earlier told their South Korean counterparts that America is ready “to use the full range of military capabilities to defend our allies and the U.S. homeland,” according to U.S. military spokesperson Capt. Darryn James.
Moon separately called Monday for a peaceful solution to the nuclear standoff, saying that “there must not be another war on the Korean Peninsula,” according to their office.
In a meeting with top aides at the presidential Blue House, Moon said South Korea would work to safeguard peace on the peninsula in cooperation with the United States and other countries. Moon said North Korea must stop issuing menacing statements and provoking.
North Korea, which is angry over new United Nations sanctions condemning its rapidly developing nuclear and missile program, continued its tough stance on Monday.
The North accused the United States of mobilizing a huge number of weapons and troops for annual military drills with South Korea that begin later this month. Pyongyang, which claims the drills are war preparation, says it will be ready to send its Guam missile launch plan to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un for approval just before or as the drills begin.
“What matters is that if a second conflict (on the peninsula) erupts, that cannot help but lead to a nuclear war,” the North's official Korean Central News Agency said in a commentary. “We are closely monitoring every move by the United States.”
The commentary said that about 3.5 million young students and workers have volunteered to join or rejoin the army because of a possible confrontation with the United States.
Dunford earlier told reporters traveling with them to Asia that they aim to “sense what the temperature is in the region.” They also will discuss military options in the event the “diplomatic and economic pressurization campaign” fails.
“We're all looking to get out of this situation without a war,” Dunford said.
Chinese President Xi Jinping talked on the phone Saturday with Trump and called for cool-headedness. Xi urged Washington and Pyongyang to avoid words or actions that could worsen the situation.
Trump has pushed China, North Korea's biggest economic partner and source of aid, to do more to stop the North's nuclear ambitions. Beijing says its influence on Pyongyang is limited.
Trump's recent threats followed a report that U.S. intelligence indicates North Korea can now put a nuclear warhead on its long-range missiles.
For all their bluster, Trump's words did not appear to be backed by significant military mobilization on either side of the Pacific, and an important, quiet diplomatic channel remained open.
On Sunday, CIA Director Mike Pompeo and Army Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster, Trump's national security adviser, tried to provide assurances that a conflict is avoidable, while also supporting Trump's tough talk. They said the United States and its allies no longer can afford to stand by as North Korea pushes ahead with the development of a nuclear-tipped intercontinental ballistic missile.
WASHINGTON — Soon U.S. service members deploying to South Korea may not be allowed to bring their families with them.
Top Pentagon officials are considering changing the policy that allows service men and women to deploy on accompanied tours to the Korean Peninsula, according to three U.S. defense officials. An accompanied tour is when a service member's family can accompany them, traveling at the military's expense.
In a statement, the Pentagon said that no change in policy is imminent. "The U.S. Department of Defense currently has no plans in place to modify the policy authorizing U.S. military dependents to to accompany service members on orders to, or currently stationed in, the Republic of Korea," said a Pentagon spokesperson, Col. Rob Manning.
The idea of making all tours in Korea unaccompanied is not new, but gained new traction when President Donald Trump saw retired Gen. Jack Keane comment about the issue on FOX News, arguing the Pentagon should stop sending families there to allow the troops to prepare for possible war with North Korea, according to two U.S. officials.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Take a rare look inside North Korea with Lester Holt 4:18 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"I don't believe it's happening, but it's been discussed," a senior administration official told NBC News.
The official said Trump brought it up six months ago during a meeting with top national security advisers.
Trump did not raise the issue during a phone call Friday with South Korean President Moon Jae-in, a senior administration official said. The official said the president's advisers have made the case to them that such a move would be seen as an escalation toward a military confrontation with North Korea. The official described it as something the White House has in its "back pocket."
The White House readout of Trump's phone call with Moon said the two leaders discussed the upcoming Olympics, trade and "the importance of improving the human rights situation in North Korea." Trump also met Friday with North Korean defectors at the White House. "These are just great people that have suffered incredibly. There are many others like them who have suffered," Trump said.
There are currently approximately 28,500 U.S service members in South Korea and about 7,700 dependents with them. The U.S. has 15 military bases in South Korea and some are less than 30 miles from the North Korean border. A new mega-base called Camp Humphreys south of Seoul includes a huge shopping center and a golf course and is designed to house 45,000 service members and dependents.
A military family watches a football game at Camp Humphreys in South Korea. Tim Franco / for NBC News
If accompanied tours were ended, the defense officials said the most likely scenario would be to change the policy for future deployments and would not involve sending dependents currently in South Korea back to the U.S.
Service men and women on accompanied tours to Korea typically deploy for two years, while unaccompanied tours are generally one year to minimize time away from families.
In December, days after North Korea tested an intercontinental ballistic missile, Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., told CBS News it was time to end accompanied tours. "I'm going to urge the Pentagon not to send any more dependents to South Korea," they said, adding, "It's crazy to send spouses and children to South Korea, given the provocation of North Korea."
Any change in Pentagon policy would not apply to the approximately 190,000 other American citizens who live in South Korea.
The State Department has no plans to modify its current policy that permits dependents to accompany State personnel on postings to South Korea, according to a spokesperson.
ASU Fires Head Football Coach Brian Jenkins, Names Hill-Eley Interim-Head Coach
by Rashad Snell
Alabama State University President, Dr. Quinton T. Ross, Jr., has announced that Donald Hill-Eley will move into the role of Interim Head Football Coach after Brian Jenkins was relieved of their duties Friday afternoon.
“I am extremely impressed with the wealth of experience Coach Eley has brought to our athletics program as Associate Head Coach,” Dr. Ross said. “His knowledge of Hornets football will be of great benefit as we continue to support our student athletes and the University's football program.”
Eley joined the program in 2015 after a one-year stint as the wide receivers coach at Norfolk State and has served in the role of Associate Head Coach during that time. The longtime Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference (MEAC) coach spent 13 seasons at Morgan State (2001-13). After their first season as offensive coordinator, Eley spent the final 12 as head coach and was named 2002 MEAC Coach of the Year. Their 59 wins rank third all-time in Bears' history.
“We would like to thank Brian Jenkins for their time at Alabama State,” Interim Director of Intercollegiate Athletics Jennifer Lynne Williams said. “It was a tough three years in terms of wins and losses for coach; but I am comfortable that they will have success in their future endeavors and will end up on a sideline soon.”
They spent four seasons at Hampton (1997-2000) as offensive coordinator and pro liaison, helping the Pirates win an HBCU National Championship, two MEAC titles and the 1999 Heritage Bowl.
Eley spent four seasons in professional football in the Canadian Football League, first with the Baltimore Stallions (1994-95) as receivers coach before two seasons with the Toronto Argonauts as a guest coach (1996-97). Hill was on the staff of three straight Grey Cup championship teams (1995-97) during their time in the CFL.
“I would like to thank Dr. Ross and Alabama State University for entrusting me with the football program during these tough times,” Eley said. “I look forward to the opportunity of leading these young men at this point n their lives.”
Eley will assume their duties immediately.
To date, BSC has cut 31 positions — ranging from custodial and administrative positions to faculty members. Nearly all of those have been through resignation, retirement or voluntary separation agreements.
Now, several more positions may need to be eliminated in order to balance the budget, causing some concern among faculty and staff at the college, as well as an organization representing state employees.
“Everyone's just sort of on pins and needles," said Jacklyne Carlson, an associate professor of chemistry and president of BSC's Faculty Senate.
Morale has been low for employees at BSC since the first budget allotments were introduced about a year ago, Carlson said, and as departments look for ways to save money, employees are taking on increased workloads to make up for vacated positions.
BSC's budget being discussed at the state Legislature includes cuts ranging from $6.4 million to $7.5 million from the college's base budget last biennium set at $36.6 million. It does not include a $1.6 million tuition revenue shortfall anticipated over the next two years due to a slowdown in the energy industry, which has resulted in decreased student enrollment in BSC's energy program.
The bulk of BSC's operations comes from salaries, meaning the number of employees will have to be reduced, a decision President Larry Skogen said they have not taken lightly.
“This has not been an easy time. What I've been telling my campus is we've been in tall cotton for a long time, and now we're down running through the briar bush," Skogen said in a recent interview. “We're going to get scratches and pricks along the way as we try to get through this.
Some faculty positions have been replaced with adjunct professors, and some positions have been consolidated, Skogen said.
A large number of faculty retirements in BSC's liberal arts program have resulted in faculty picking up extra classes. The school's history department now only has one full-time person after a retirement this past fall, Carlson said.
Even Skogen, in addition to their role as president and a provost, is teaching a History of the Western Frontier class on Tuesdays and Thursdays this semester.
“Every office on my campus, people are working harder because we're down people. The jobs of those people, the work that they were doing, didn't go away," Skogen said.
Staff workload has also increased for some employees, including BSC Athletic Director Buster Gilliss, who has now returned to their old job coaching the men's basketball team.
"(Skogen) kind of took the lead last year when they took on the provost responsibilities," Gilliss said, during basketball practice Tuesday, Feb. 14, at BSC.
Previously, Gilliss coached men's basketball at BSC for 17 years, but he's been out of the game for a while since then.
A series of sports programs at BSC have been eliminated due to budget cuts, including the men's and women's golf and soccer, as well as the women's fast pitch softball team.
As a result of some staff positions that were eliminated, Gilliss now does laundry for the sports teams. They do pre-game concessions preparations, too, and sets up the gym for games.
“It's just a lot of those different duties that you end up picking," they said, noting they have still maintained a positive spin on the situation. “You just have to jump in and do that kind of stuff."
Still, for many employees at BSC it has undoubtedly been tough to remain optimistic during a time when the college is losing employees.
“Our employees are dedicated, they say they work hard (and) we have a great work environment here, but I have to admit this is impacting that and morale — more than I've ever seen," said Rita Lindgren, chief human resources officer, who has been at BSC for more than 30 years.
Lindgren said base faculty salaries have not increased for the past two years because of budget reductions, and first-year faculty can earn more in K-12 than they can at BSC.
"We just can't be as competitive," Lindgren said.
Faculty turnover in fiscal year 2015 was 11.7 percent and could increase, Lindgren said.
Other budget reduction solutions at Bismarck State College include an ongoing hiring freeze and the implementation of a voluntary furlough program — which has saved $35,000 in salaries to date. The school said 61 employees have volunteered to give up a day or more of pay as part of the program.
Nick Archuleta, president of North Dakota United union for teachers and public employees, said budget cuts and higher education, eliminating these positions has a “ripple effect” that goes beyond the college's community, but into the communities of Bismarck and Mandan.
Archuleta and Skogen contend that the college is a local economy driver, bringing $194.9 million in direct economic impact in fiscal year 2015.
“When it comes to these budget cuts in higher education and elsewhere, we have to be really careful that we're not inadvertently causing negative effects that will linger far into the future," Archuleta said.
BSC is the third largest North Dakota University System institution in the state and receives 30 percent less state funding per student than the average of other colleges in the system.
“They're as lean, I think, as they can possible get. Pretty soon, you're going to be cutting bone and when that happens … you do some irrefutable damage, and I really am hoping that people are cognizant of that as the budget solutions move forward," Archuleta said.
WHEN YOU THINK about ‘making it' in the music industry, you might think that the only way to do it is the traditional way: sign to a label, and get them to help you move upwards.
Over the decades there have always been bands who have rejected this method. And now the digital era means that groups can challenge things even further.
Last year, Steve Wall said that they made just 97p in a month from plays of Brewing Up A Storm on YouTube. So how can musicians make money in a changed industry?
Deadbots
Paul Kelly and Nina Knezevic, who call themselves Deadbots, are an Irish-Canadian band based in Dublin. For their latest release, they've eschewed labels and streaming services in order to release the music on their own website.
The pair met through friends when Kelly was living in Vancouver, where Knezevic is from. Although Kelly DJed across Europe and Knezevic had been writing poems and songs since they were a child, it wasn't until they met each other that it all clicked.
“Literally the day we met, we knew we wanted to make music together,” says Knezevic.
After Kelly returned to Ireland, Knezevic followed them fourth months later. The pair met in 2005 and were married in 2011.
They began making music together almost instantly, and thought that they should do what you're “supposed” to do when you're in a band: sign to a label.
But they discovered that signing to a label did not mean that they were heading down a path that suited them.
During their time co-hosting a show on Near FM with DJ Aoife Nic Canna, Knezevic learned a lot about other bands' experiences. These showed them the sorts of pitfalls that exist for bands in Ireland.
“In there I would see different people and people that didn't have jobs, they were [full-time] musicians,” says Knezevic. Though they admired them, they discovered that these musicians could often struggle to pay rent.
That made Deadbots think about putting their jobs first:
We didn't want it to be a struggle – that the creativity is putting pressure on it. We didn't want to have to gig to pay our rent.
When they got involved in the label world, they discovered that they were often not very happy with the result.
“We had situations where, for example, little things like we would create a song and the process was amazing and we put our heart and soul into it. It would end up in a TV show and we wouldn't have heard about it,” says Knezevic.
It was also the little things, “like getting a cheque in the mail for 10c”, or taking half an hour to sign up to a website about payment, only to be told they'd earned “0.001 of a cent”.
The payback bands have to make to labels “didn't make sense to us”, the pair say.
The band had intended to set up their own label, but found it added more steps to be put in place before their music got to listeners. So they simply didn't bother with one.
A few times, they found that labels were disappointed in music they made, say Kelly – and this made the band think. It took them nearly a decade to approach things the way they do now, and it comes as the internet allows anyone to run their own business from their own home.
“The timing was perfect,” says Knezevic.
All these different platforms where you can network and talk. It was perfect timing and everything has fallen into place for everyone to do it. Go out and do it yourself be a business person be a business person. Be the business for your music.
‘You are filling material in their schedule'
Now, the band release their music on the site deadbotsmusic.com, and the money from sales (a single costs €1.50) goes straight to their email through PayPal (using this system also means they were able to email the first five fans who bought the single). They have, however, sought the services of a PR agent to help them get the word out there.
“The label is not investing in you at all – they are giving you a loan for whatever tier of PR they decided your release is on,” says Kelly. “If you get signed to a big label, if you sign an EP to a label, you think ‘oh my god, this is it, this is amazing'. They've got 10, 15 other artists they have invested in that they need to push before they even think about you. So you quickly start to realise that – I'm not saying this is the case for everybody – you are filling material in their release schedule.”
“We are not bitter or anything like that – we learned from our mistakes,” they add. “You achieve so much more satisfaction doing it this way than the might of a label or what you perceive to be a mighty label.”
The band retain ownership of their songs, which means that if they get involved in sync deals (synchronisation deals, where the music is bought to be used during TV or film broadcasts or ads), the money goes to the band. It isn't split with a label.
They've had songs licensed by Smirnoff and Harvey Norman – and say that with their upcoming album, they have more potential for deals.
They see their music like a boomerang, says Knezevic: they send it out into the world and get something back.
They are wary of '360 deals', in which a label provides financial support to an artist, but that artist must in return give the label a cut from their revenue streams (which can mean sales, gigs and music publishing, for starters).
Knezevic says that she'd met bands who had signed such deals – only to have the label “sending you example songs – ‘can you make something like this, this is what we are needing'”.
Social media promotion
What is key for Deadbots is that they can promote themselves and their music online through social media sites, like Instagram.
“You hear about all these massive artists trying to engage with their fans, and self-releasing is the perfect chance to do that,” says Kelly.
Knezevic describes how they can use hashtags on their instagram videos or images, for example, to attract new fans. They also want their website to sell more than music or t-shirts.
“It's the era of self promotion and content is king,” says Knezevic. “There is so much content – make the content, make the videos, and people will find you.”
Kelly says that what they're doing isn't anything radically new – bands have long been using sites like Bandcamp to sell their music.
But with the larger platforms, the amount of money the artist makes can be a very small percentage. With Spotify, for example, in January 2017 for an artist to earn $100 from ad-supporter streams a song would have to be played 740,302 times, according to Digital Music News.
“If you were to buy a product off anyone else it would be absurd to think that someone gets 99% of the money you should be earning,” says Kelly.
The pair want to encourage people to look “outside those obvious platforms” that they stream music from, and “go and discover music again the way they did before the internet”.
“We're trying to get people to broaden horizons a little bit when it comes to searching for new music,” says Kelly.
Just because they're not on the usual platforms doesn't mean they're being ignored, either – they've been played by Kelly Ann Byrne on Today FM and John Barker on 98FM.
Are they disrupting the music industry?
“It's not even disrupting – it's just easier, more simple, more straightforward, more organic, and more satisfying,” says Knezevic.
When we thought about doing it the best way possible that's how organic it became: ‘All we need is this.'
Kelly believes that musicians will drive change. “The industry will have to change or a new industry will have to be created because of how people approach releasing their music and reaching fans.”
Knezevic recounts how 10 years ago the band signed to a label, and their father said: “I'm happy for you, but would you not just put it out yourself?”
At the time, they thought: “Who's going to listen, who's going to care? What are they talking about?” Now, they realise they were right.
“It's basically putting the output of the artist back into the artist's hand,” says Kelly of their approach.
That's what we're encouraging other artists to do. It's not just about what we're doing. We'd really love to see a growth in a similar method of people reaching their fans and music and looking after their PR and image.
Love Unlimited by Deadbots is out now.
Photo by Axelle/Bauer-Griffin/FilmMagic(LOS ANGELES) — The Walking Dead star Norman Reedus and their girlfriend, German actor Diane Kruger, are expecting their first child together, sources tell Us Weekly.
The Inglorious Basterds actor first fueled baby rumors during an appearance at the Cannes Film Festival earlier this month, when they wore a billowing gown that appeared to be hiding a baby bump.
Kruger, 41, was also seen abstaining from alcohol at various events, according to the New York Post, and last Thursday, they shared a black and white photo of themselves on Instagram, next to a footprint emoji.
Kruger and Reedus, 49, sparked dating rumors when they were spotted kissing in New York City a little over a year ago, according to Us, and made their debut as a couple at the Golden Globes this past January.
This will be the first child for Kruger, who was married to French actor Guillaume Canet from 2001-2006, and dated Dawson's Creek alum Joshua Jackson from 2006-2016.
Reedus dated model Helena Christensen from 1998 to 2003 and they share an 18-year-old son, Mingus Lucien Reedus.
The Walking Dead returns for its ninth season this fall on AMC.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
In a few months, AOL Instant Messenger will go the way of such tech touchstones as AltaVista and Netscape. It was 20 years ago that "AIM" went online. It quickly exploded in popularity, peaked and then slowly succumbed to competitors.
For many of us, AIM conjures up memories of dial-up modems, the sound of a "handshake" and the phrase "You've Got Mail."
"AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed," says Michael Albers, vice president of communications product at Oath Inc., a subsidiary of Verizon Communications that brought AOL and Yahoo together into a single unit earlier this year.
On Twitter, a social media platform that in no small way contributed to AIM's demise, people seemed a bit nostalgic but not terribly surprised.
"You likely remember the CD, your first screenname, your carefully curated away messages, and how you organized your buddy lists," Albers says. "In the late 1990's, the world had never seen anything like it. And it captivated all of us."
In fact, by 2001, AIM had captivated about 100 million of us worldwide, but as Techcrunch.com writes:
"It battled for supremacy with competitors like ICQ, and messengers from Yahoo and Microsoft MSN. But eventually text messaging, Google's GChat and Facebook took over, while AIM never fully figured out the shift to mobile. That led to AOL's fall from grace, going from being valued at $224 billion in today's money to just $4.4 billion when it was sold to Verizon in 2015. For context on the business AOL let slip away, WhatsApp sold that same year to Facebook for more than $19 billion."
"We know there are so many loyal fans who have used AIM for decades; and we loved working and building the first chat app of its kind since 1997," AOL writes on the AIM help page. "Our focus will always be on providing the kind of innovative experiences consumers want. We're more excited than ever to focus on building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products."
If you still have an AIM account, you can keep using it until December 15. After that, you will no longer be able to sign on.
A student at Washington Elementary School in Valley City brought an air-soft pellet gun to school on Friday, Feb. 2.
According to an email sent by Washington Principal Chad Lueck, “While on the playground, before school began, other students recognized the gun in the student's possession and immediately informed school staff. The gun was immediately confiscated and the student was brought to the school office.”
“We want you to know that the safety of our students and staff at Washington Elementary and Valley City Public Schools is our main priority and we take situations such as these very seriously,” Lueck writes. “We will continue to investigate this situation, along with support from our School Resource Officer Sean Hagen, and ensure the safety of our students and staff according to the policies of the district.”
Lueck asks those or those whose students who have information on the situation to contact either Lueck at 701-845-0849 or Chad.Lueck@k12.nd.us or Hagen at 701-840-9761 or Sean.Hagen@k12.nd.us.
“We would like to acknowledge the awareness and quick actions of our students that reported this information properly to school staff,” Lueck continues.
Superintendent Josh Johnson writes in an email, “Please know that while we do not comment or disclose information about students, we will follow district policy in handling this situation.”
Acrobat plunges 40 feet after safety net fails This shocking footage shows the horrific moment a woman trapeze artist falls 40 feet in front of a packed circus audience in Belarus. Yulia Tikaeva, 20, suffered serious head injuries after...
Russia spends $30M on favorite sport of Putin's daughter These tiny dancers are getting big perks. Russia is building a $30 million center for acrobatic rock'n'roll — an offbeat “sport” in which President Vladimir Putin's daughter competes, state documents...
Watch this acrobat walk down 88 stairs--on their hands [theplatform account=”4uMbOC” media=”media/guid/2389494712/CABDA868-AF32-61C1-6FF5-3279C606DC21″ player=”mVC7xu4zqUdN” params=”instance=player1″] Handstands are just a walk in the park for this guy. Frenchman Mathieu Bolillo enjoys taking long strolls — on their hands. In the video above, the...
AMHERST, Mass. – Josh Cunningham tallied their seventh double-double of the year with 27 points and 11 rebounds, but the Dayton Flyers fell 86-82 in double overtime to the Massachusetts Minutemen.
Trey Landers recorded career-highs of 22 points and nine rebounds, Darrell Davis added 15 points and seven rebounds and Jalen Crutcher totaled 15 points and seven assists.
Dayton falls to 10-12 overall and 4-6 in the Atlantic 10.
FIRST HALF
Dayton trailed 35-28 at the half. The Flyers trailed 16-15 when UMass went on a 13-4 run to take control.
UMass shot 7 of 16 (44 percent) from 3-point range and led by as many as 11 midway through the first half.
Cunningham led UD with 13 first half points.
Dayton held a 19-15 advantage on the glass, with eight of them on the offensive end.
SECOND HALF
After trailing by as many as 10 in the early part of the half, the Flyers stormed back and took a 54-52 lead at the 11:07 mark.
The game was tied at 69-69 with one minute to go when Darrell Davis missed a jumper to give UD the lead.
However, on the ensuing possession UMass committed a backcourt violation and did not bring the ball past half court in time. That setup a potential game-winner from Crutcher, but their jumper came up short.
FIRST OVERTIME
UMass opened the overtime on a 4-0 run. After the two teams traded baskets, Darrell Davis tied the contest at 74-74 with a pair of free throws.
After UMass converted one of two free throws, Cunningham hit one of two as well to tie the contest at 75-75 with 1:07 to go.
The Minutemen took the lead, 77-75 after an alley-oop dunk off an inbounds play with 39 seconds on the clock. Cunningham converted two free throws to pull the Flyers back into a tie at 77-77.
A desperation three by the Minutemen missed as time expired.
SECOND OVERTIME
UMass again came out on a 4-0 run to open the overtime period.
The Flyers rallied on a pair of Cunningham buckets to tie the contest at 81-81 with 1:29 remaining.
UMass regained the lead, 84-81, off a half court 3 pointers as the shot clock expired.
On the ensuing possession, Cunningham converted only one of two free throws to cut the deficit to 84-82.
The Minutemen iced the game with a jumper with 11 seconds to play.
INSIDE THE NUMBERS
Dayton lost only its second game of the year when scoring 71 or more points.
UD's five starters scored all 82 points.
Cunningham and Darrell Davis have each scored in double figures in 10 consecutive games.
Landers has scored in double figures in five of their last seven games, while Crutcher has now scored in double figures in seven of the last nine games.
Dayton was just 5 of 22 from 3-point range, while UMass shot 12 of 26.
The Flyers drop to 1-1 in overtime games this season.
UP NEXT
Dayton returns home to host the Duquesne Dukes on Wednesday, Feb. 7 at 7 p.m. ET.
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
Progressive challenger Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez embraces New York gubenatorial candidate Cynthia Nixon at their victory party in the Bronx after upsetting incumbent Democratic Representative Joseph Crowly on June 26, 2018. (photo credit: SCOTT HEINS/GETTY IMAGES/AFP)
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
Your Super Bowl party might be divided when it comes to cheering for the Patriots or the Eagles, but, one thing everyone is rooting for: Amazing commercials.
And, actually, nearly one in four viewers on Sunday will be watching the Super Bowl just for the commercials. After all, those well-crafted ads are known for giving us all kinds of feels in a single commercial break, ranging from the sentimental to the hilarious. (Here's one from Amazon to be watching out for).
As it turns out, those behind the commercials might be just as nervous about winning consumers over as Tom Brady is winning another ring. A single 30-second spot can be a defining moment for the brands, explains the American Marketing Association, or AMA.
Here's a sneak peek at what's to come in 2018:
In anticipation of Super Bowl LII (which airs on NBC on Sunday, Feb. 4 at 6:30 p.m. Eastern), the AMA did an analysis showing how much the average cost of a 30-second ad during the Big Game costs. Interestingly, it hasn't been a steady climb for Super Bowl ads over the years. For example, between 1970 and 1971, the price of an ad fell by $6,000 from $78,000 to $72,000. For the three games between 1991 and 1993, the ad rate stayed flat at $850,000. The cost of an add dipped from $2.1 million in 2001 to $1.9 million in 2002.
Last year, advertisers shelled out, on average, $5.2 million for a spot. A 30-second spot in the 2018 Super Bowl will again cost in excess of $5 million, according to Sports Illustrated.
Here are some highlights over the years, according to the statistics rounded up by AMA (view the full list below!):
1967: $42,000, Green Bay Packers (35) VS Kansas City Chiefs (10).
1972: $86,000, Dallas Cowboys (24) VS Miami Dolphins (3)
1977: $125,000, Oakland Raiders (32) VS Minnesota Vikings (14)
1982: $324,000 San Francisco 49ers (26) VS Cincinnati Bengals (21)
1987: $600,000 New York Giants (39) VS Denver Broncos (20)
1992: $850,000 Washington Redskins (37) VS Buffalo Bills (24)
1997: $1.2 million Green Bay Packers (35) VS New England Patriots (21)
2002: $1.9 million New England Patriots (20) VS St. Louis Rams (17)
2007: $2.6 million Indianapolis Colts (29) VS Chicago Bears (17)
2012: $3.5 million New York Giants (21) VS New England Patriots (17)
2017: $5.02 million New England Patriots (34) VS Atlanta Falcons (28)
Here's the full list from the AMA, in one handy chart:
So, what's your favorite Super Bowl commercial of all time?
MOSCOW - A man from Russia's Muslim Dagestan region has been charged with links to an illegal armed group, a court official in Dagestan said, years after they began helping families persuade sons recruited by Islamic State to renounce the militants and leave Syria.
Kazim Nurmagomedov, 63, was detained in Moscow on Wednesday and tranferred to Dagestan where they were formally arrested on Thursday on charges of assisting in a crime related to an illegal armed group in Russia or abroad, the official confirmed.
Nurmagomedov has gained prominence by dissuading young men from joining Islamic State and helping families persuade their sons to leave the group's ranks in Syria. They also helped their own son Marat quit Islamic State and leave Syria.
Marat, 33, told Reuters in July from Ukraine that they had joined Islamic State in 2013, but two years later had changed their mind.
They walked across the Syrian border into Turkey and finally settled in Ukraine, they said, slipping in unnoticed thanks to a breakdown in intelligence-sharing between Moscow and Kiev after Russia annexed Crimea in 2014.
Everyone in the family had tried to convince Marat, who told Reuters that they had now renounced violent Islamism, to leave Islamic State.
But Marat's brother Shamil, a business person in the Moscow region, was arrested for sending money to help them get out of Syria and charged with financing terrorism.
On Wednesday, Kazim Nurmagomedov was detained as they were leaving Shamil's trial in Moscow, which is still going on, another of their sons, Imagadji, told Reuters.
"Naturally, they (Kazim Nurmagomedov) denies they are guilty," Imagadji said.
Denis Sokolov, an expert on the northern Caucasus region, said that Kazim appeared to have been arrested at least in part because they had gained prominence with their attempts to dissuade others from joining IS, throwing a spotlight on an issue that might be uncomfortable to Russian authorities.
They said Kazim had befriended many families and encouraged or helped them to try to bring home children who had gone to join Islamic State.
"I don't know anyone else who has extracted that many people from Islamic State, or stopped such a large number from going to join them in the first place," Sokolov said.
The official at the court in Dagestan declined to comment further on the charges against Kazim.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
Satellite dishes stand outside the headquarters building of Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. in Hunt Valley, Maryland, U.S.
Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. agreed to sell more than 20 TV stations to Standard General LP, Meredith Corp. and others, aiming to soothe regulatory concerns surrounding its $3.9 billion takeover attempt of Tribune Media Co.
The transactions are aimed at gaining regulatory approval for the Tribune deal and are expected to be completed when that purchase closes, Sinclair said on Tuesday. The company is seeking approval from the Federal Communications Commission as well as antitrust regulators.
The merger has been delayed by the regulatory scrutiny. Sinclair had planned to complete the deal by the end of 2017, but now sees it closing by the second quarter of this year. The company has had to increase the level of divestitures in order to push the transaction through.
Moelis & Co. served as Sinclair's financial adviser on the TV station deals. They include the sale of WGN-TV in Chicago to WGN-TV LLC, KDAF in Dallas to Cunningham Broadcasting Corp. and KUNS in Seattle to Howard Stirk. Meredith is also buying KPLR in St. Louis, a CW affiliate, for $65 million.
Follow @insidefutbol
West Ham manager David Moyes has conceded that their side are again getting dragged into the Premier League relegation dogfight.
The Hammers had a relatively good January and continued to earn the points to drag themselves away from the relegation quagmire, with Moyes suggesting that they are eyeing a top ten finish.
However, a 3-1 defeat at Brighton earlier today means West Ham are currently 12th on 27 points, just three clears of Stoke City in 18th and they are again looking over their shoulder in the league table.
Moyes pointed out that they are missing a number of key players due to injuries at the moment and while it can't be an excuse, the West Ham boss is keen to have them back as soon as possible.
And the Hammers manager indicated that after a decent run of form, the result at Brighton means that their side are closer to the relegation spots than they would have liked at the moment.
Moyes was quoted as saying by the BBC: "We're missing a few key players but wouldn't use that as an excuse because that's football and we have players to come in.
“We hope we get those injured players back soon though.
"We've had a good run and moved ourselves away from the bottom, but things are tightening up again."
West Ham will host eleventh placed Watford at the London Stadium next weekend.
A mysterious hint that Calvin & Hobbes could return It's been two weeks, and we still don't know whether Calvin and Hobbes reappeared before our eyes as an April Fool's Day joke — or for real. Let's hope it...
New doc explores the enduring cult of 'Calvin and Hobbes' Eighteen years ago, Bill Watterson pulled the plug on their incredibly popular “Calvin and Hobbes” comic strip, turned down millions of dollars in merchandising — and shut out a nation...
'Dear Mr. Watterson' documentary lacks cinematic thrills “Man, remember ‘Calvin and Hobbes'? What a fantastic comic strip.” That's the laudable sentiment at the heart of Joel Allen Schroeder's dull documentary, an ode to Bill Watterson's cartoon adventures...
by In the news
By Taxpayer Association of Oregon,
Among the first bills introduced this year is HJR 1 which raises two different property taxes on your property!
HJR 1 tears down the laws that limit how much you can be taxed on your property. Over 20 years ago voters put in the Oregon constitution two important limits on the government's ability to tax people's homes. These sacred measures are Measure 5 (1990) and Measure 50 (1997). Your property taxes are significantly lower today because of Measure 5 and Measure 50.
HJR 1 aims to break apart both Measure 5 and Measure 50 to unleash a limitless stream of new property taxes to fill the government tax coffers.
First, HJR 1 creates a 20% increase in your property taxes for schools by jacking up the tax cap created by Measure 5 (1990). This alone could cost you $1,500 in higher property taxes.
Second, HJR 1 removes the constitutional cap on property tax assessment increases (repeals Measure 50). It changes property taxes to be based on real market value instead of the traditional lower assessed value. This alone could cost you $1,880 in higher property taxes.
These two massive tax increases in this one single bill could cost you $3,380 in higher property taxes.
– The elderly on limited income will be taxed out of their homes
– Every single business, restaurant, factory and coffee shop will witness an explosion in higher taxes on the property they stand on.
– People lifting themselves out of poverty will be pushed back down and many first-time homeowners will be stuck in a never ending renters trap.
Support our effort to defeat this tax – Donate online at OregonWatchdog.com
Things turned ugly during Seattle's 24-30 loss to the Jacksonville Jaguars on Sunday night.
It started when two Seahawks players hit Blake Bortles after they took a knee to secure the win, prompting a scuffle between the teams and two ejections.
Quinton Jefferson was among those thrown out of the game, and when they made their way back to the locker room, they were embroiled in a heated confrontation with a Jags fan. Speaking about it after the game, via ESPN:
“Folks in the stands was throwing beer and throwing soda, whatever. I mean, I don't know what I'm supposed to do. I'm a human just like anybody else. I'm a man just like the other man in the stands. I'm not going to let somebody disrespect me, throw a beer on me. Just because I'm playing football, I'm still a human being. I'm still a man. I'm out there playing a game, and at the end of the day, it's a game, and I'm a man. I'm not going to let somebody disrespect me like that.”
Video of the incident:
Seattle Seahawk Quinton Jefferson ejected and gets into it with the fans! #NFL #NFLonFOX pic.twitter.com/LfrTeh71wU — Pro Sports Extra (@ProSportsExtra) December 11, 2017
ESPN's Donovan McNabb went in hard on Monday, saying that there need for teams to crack down on this kind of behavior, adding that the fan who assaulted Jefferson should be arrested and banned from the stadium.
The Polish prime minister has defended the overhaul of the judiciary to a sceptical crowd at the European Parliament.
Every EU member has the right to shape its own legal system - their message to the plenary.
It comes at a critical time, with Warsaw and Brussels locked in a standoff over the rule of law.
There was an appeal for the Polish prremier to come back to European liberal values.
Guy Verhofstadt, ALDE group leader, said: "Putting judges under political control this in fact makes no part of these values...I am asking you personally, turn the wheel and bring Poland back into the family of democratic nations away of the illusion of so-called illiberal states."
But there words in support for Mateusz Morawiecki from the far-right grouping.
"You can have the rule of law, but you cannot have the rule of your own law. You can only have the rule of this place (referring Brussels institutions) law," said the EFD's Gerard Batten.
And from Morawiecki, there was their own critique of Brussels - as it looks to its future.
They said: "If the European project is to move forward therefore, its democratic legitimacy has to be reinforced. You can call that populism if you like but at the end of the day we have to answer the questions being asked by citizens."
The leader of Europe's conservative bloc countered, saying egos and nationalism will achieve nothing for the EU.
Manfred Weber, EPP group leader, said: "In the Council meetings last week we experienced that the nation states cannot find a common ground to go further. That's why I believe that the European Union that is founded by Adenaur, you referred to this, which is based on the institutions in the European level.
"This Europe works and the Europe of egoism and nationalism cannot deliver to the interests of the people across the European Union."
The European Commission's already launched Article 7 and a second infringement process was announced earlier this week. Poland has a month to respond.
Fleas that bite rodents infected with the bacteria that cause the plague can transmit the disease to people.
Fleas carrying the plague have been found in some parts of Arizona, according to health officials.
On Friday (Aug. 11), the Navajo County Health Department (NCHD) announced that fleas collected in the town of Taylor, Arizona, had tested positive for Yersinia pestis, the bacterium that causes plague.
The department "is urging the public to take precautions to reduce their risk of exposure to this serious disease," officials said in a Facebook post.
Separately, officials in nearby Coconino County also warned of fleas carrying plague in that area. [10 Bizarre Diseases You Can Get Outdoors]
The plague is perhaps best known for killing millions of people in Europe in the 1300s in a pandemic called the Black Death. Today, the infection is relatively rare in the United States, but it still occurs, mainly in the Southwest — in New Mexico, Arizona and Colorado. Earlier this year, New Mexico officials reported that three people in the state had been infected with plague.
Plague is carried by rodents and their fleas, and most often, the disease is transmitted to humans through fleabites, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Arizona officials advised people to avoid rodent burrows and to keep dogs on leashes to avoid possible exposure to fleas with plague. In addition, people should avoid handling sick or dead animals, deflea their pets routinely and use insect repellent when visiting or working in areas where plague might be present, the NCHD said.
A sudden die-off of prairie dogs or other rodents also may be an indicator of plague, so people who notice a sudden die-off of rodents should contact the health department, the NCHD said.
Symptoms of the plague typically appear within two weeks of exposure and include fever, chills, headache, weakness, muscle pain and swollen lymph glands (called "buboes"), the NCHD said. The disease is curable with antibiotics if treated early.
Original article on Live Science.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LONDON -- Aaron Sorkin known for writing some of the most blistering dialogue in movies and TV shows directs their first film.
The Oscar and multiple Emmy-Award winning writer jumped behind the camera to direct "Molly's Game" which they also wrote.
The movie is about the true story of Molly Brown, an Olympic-class skier who ran the world's most exclusive and illegal high stakes poker game and eventually became an FBI target.
Sorkin, known for writing "The West Wing" and "The Social Network," spoke to FOX 4's Shawn Edwards about their directorial debut.
Best Ways To Celebrate World Humanitarian Day In MinnesotaWorld Humanitarian Day honors the selfless efforts of men and women who dedicate and give their lives in the service of others. Since 2009, World Humanitarian Day has been commemorated on August 19. In Minnesota, this significant day will be celebrated with summer charity events and volunteerism.
After a pause for the Labour and Conservative party conferences the next round of opinion polls is hotly anticipated.
They will be closely scrutinised in an attempt to gauge whether the problems that beset Theresa May's speech have any impact on how the public perceives them And whether any of the parties have been able to attract new supporters with their conference policy announcements.
A first post-conference poll from YouGov suggests little has changed in terms of voting intention but May's personal ratings might have taken a hit. But there are several more to come over the next few days which should give us a clearer picture.
Throughout the summer, the Westminster voting intention polls were remarkably stable. Labour did not quite retain the level of support they had immediately after the general election but on average they held on to a narrow lead over the Conservatives.
There was no perceptible movement for the smaller parties either.
On leader satisfaction, Theresa May's rating improved a little. They still have a negative rating, meaning more voters disapprove of them or think she's doing a bad job than the opposite, but it has become a bit less negative. Opinium, Ipsos MORI and BMG all show a small improvement.
And on the question of who would make the best prime minister, Mrs May has restored their lead over Jeremy Corbyn. Polls from YouGov, Opinium and Ipsos Mori all put the Labour leader behind by a gap of about 7-10% - although this lead has shrunk in YouGov's post-conference poll.
Brexit split
Despite some over-excited headlines, there's no clear evidence of a major shift in opinion about Brexit - at least in terms of whether people think the 2016 vote to leave was right or wrong, or how they'd vote in the event of another referendum.
Over a period of many months there may have been a very slight shift in favour of remain. But the overall picture is that the country is still pretty much split down the middle.
Where there has been movement is in the public's perception of how the government is handling Brexit negotiations.
After Theresa May's Lancaster House speech in January, YouGov and ORB reported a marked increase in the number of people who said the government was doing well.
By the time the general election was called a majority of respondents approved of the government's performance on this issue.
Since the election, that trend has undergone a sharp reverse.
In their latest poll, YouGov found that 61% of respondents thought the government was doing badly compared to only 21% who thought it was doing well. With "don't know" removed, ORB reported 36% of people approving and 64% disapproving.
As Professor John Curtice has pointed out, May's Florence speech has not had the same effect as their earlier one.
It's a challenging time for small business owners. Faced with the possible repeal of the Affordable Care Act (ACA), many are rethinking their healthcare coverage and doing comparison shopping. Healthcare plans, even those offered to small businesses through SHOP, vary from state to state. However, small business owners are exploring every insurance option, from government to direct marketplace.
Shopping for health insurance through SHOP
Although ACA is in limbo, SHOP is still a good resource for small business health insurance. Small businesses with up to 50 employees can enroll through private group health insurance plans under SHOP. Self-employed individuals who wish to purchase an ACA healthcare plan can choose individual or family healthcare coverage through the government health insurance exchange. SHOP has a list of agents and brokers in all states, many of whom also sell private healthcare plans outside of the national health insurance network.
A few SHOP basics
Small businesses interested in a SHOP market health insurance plan should note that according to the Overview of The SHOP Marketplace, “The Small Business Health Options Program (SHOP) Marketplace is for small employers who want to provide health and dental insurance to their employees — affordably, flexibly, and conveniently. To use the SHOP Marketplace, your business or non-profit organization must have 50 or fewer full-time equivalent employees (FTEs). You don't have to wait for an open enrollment period. You can start offering SHOP insurance to your employees any time of year.”
The self-employed needn't despair
Self employment insurance can be expensive in the private sector. However, with assistance and a little advice from resources such as SHOP, the self-employed aren't entirely going it alone. According to the self-employed section of the government's healthcare website, “If you're self-employed, you can use the individual Health Insurance Marketplace to enroll in flexible, high-quality health coverage that works well for people who run their own businesses. You can enroll through the Marketplace if you're a freelancer, consultant, independent contractor, or other self-employed worker who doesn't have any employees.”
The self-employed, in addition to looking for low-cost health insurance, can take advantage of tax credits to reduce healthcare premiums. According to the Health Insurance Marketplace, “When you fill out a Marketplace application, you'll find out if you qualify for premium tax credits and other savings on a health plan. This will be based on your income and household size.”
Medicare, Medicaid, CHIP and employee retiree benefits
Being low income, retired or a retiree beneficiary is no obstacle to individuals intent on becoming a business owner. For those who qualify, Medicaid and CHIP are 4enrolling in these programs. Older small business owners qualify for Medicare if age 62 or older. Those who receive retiree benefits from a former employer can use their retiree health coverage combined with Medicare if they qualify.
Private health insurance directly from the market
Many private insurance companies offer health plans to the self-employed and small business owners with less than 50 employees. The more innovative plans, however, can be more cost effective than the SHOP market plans. Small businesses that can afford the premiums would be purchasing directly through healthcare insurance providers.
Employer health insurance
Small business owners who qualify for neither low income nor retiree benefits often pull in extra income and receive health coverage from an employer. This is usually because they prefer not to choose an Affordable Care Act plan.
Private health savings account
A health savings account can be purchased directly from a bank or health insurance company if not offered through a retiree or employer benefits plan. Some banks offer health insurance savings accounts as an extra customer perk. Contribution to a health savings account is an allowable tax deduction.
Veterans Health Benefits
The Civilian Health and Medical Program of the Department of Veteran's Affairs (CHAMPUSVA) was created to help veterans enroll in a healthcare program. If under age 65, they can acquire health coverage outside the VA network through CHAMPUS, a federally funded healthcare program revamped and renamed Tricare.
This article was written by Linda Cameron for CBS Small Business Pulse.
The chances of anything coming from Mars may be a million to one…but is it worth taking the risk?
Nick Pope, who used to run the Ministry of Defense's UFO project in the United Kingdom, believes the threat of an alien invasion is serious enough that we should be preparing for the worst.
Drawing from their experiences at the MoD, they have even created a war plan which reflects how the British government would likely respond to an extraterrestrial attack.
Although this has been mocked up by the Sun Online and isn't a real government document, Pope thinks it's what we'd have to do in the unlikely event of an alien invasion.
The UFO investigator told the Sun Online: “I based the document as much on declassified plans for the Iraq War as on my knowledge of UFOs and extraterrestrial life.
“This is exactly the sort of top-level strategic document that politicians and senior officials need in order to take the very rapid and important decisions.”
Their prediction would see the UK ally itself with NATO and the United Nations and use our Air Force and Navy to hammer aliens with missiles.
Pope argues that we'd have to rely on our nuclear defenses as a last resort, but even then we'd almost certainly be out-gunned by our interplanetary conquerors.
The war plan advises that we should also develop a biological weapon to deal with living invaders, or use powerful energy pulses to disable invading machines.
Either way, our prospects are bleak.
Alien invasions have been done to death in sci-fi, with “The War of the Worlds,” “Independence Day” and “District 9″ among the classic films depicting aliens arriving on Earth.
But how likely is it that we'll ever see a real alien invasion?
While it's true that NASA recognizes the likelihood that we'll find alien life relatively soon, the chances of an invasion are widely believed to be very slim.
Even so, Pope believes that the impacts of an attack would be so catastrophic that it's worth preparing for the worst anyway.
They said: “There's no government plan for an alien invasion, or for other scenarios where we find extraterrestrial life.”
“Aliens capable of getting to Earth would clearly have technology way ahead of ours, so getting into any kind of war should be the last resort.”
“We can only guess at what technology they may have and what weaponry they might possess.”
“I hope that if aliens arrive on Earth they'll come as explorers or scientists — but that's wishful thinking.”
The reality is that super-advanced aliens would probably arrive as slavers, zookeepers or pest controllers, Pope predicts.
They added: “The biggest single thing we can do to protect ourselves is to acknowledge that there's an issue here.”
“With NASA and others now openly talking about the possibilities of alien life, we can no longer dismiss this as sci-fi.”
“Is it that hard to believe that we might not be alone and there might be civilizations out there much older than ours and thus more advanced?”
Pope's alien invasion plan
OAKLAND — A fire captain is set to receive a $450,000 settlement after suing the city and a former fire chief for discrimination.
City Attorney Barbara Parker is recommending City Council approve the sum at its June 5 meeting, according to city documents.
Capt. Joseph Torres filed suit in November 2015, alleging Chief Teresa Deloach Reed refused to promote them to battalion chief, even though they qualified for the rank. Torres alleged it was because they are Hispanic and Native American and promotions were offered to African-American and white firefighters.
Torres, who has about 25 years with Oakland fire, passed the battalion chief test in 2012, one of four candidates vying for two positions. But they did not get either job. One member of the interview panel, former Deputy Chief Emon Usher, said in a court declaration they told the chief Torres was the best candidate.
“Torres was confused by defendant Deloach Reed's decision, as they had been a supervisor for the OFD longer than the first candidate had been on the job,” according to the initial complaint. “Deloach Reed admitted that Captain Torres was ‘highly qualified for the position' and did ‘very well' in their interviews, but stated that they did not promote Captain Torres because an undisclosed individual had told them that they did not support them and was speaking negatively about her.”
According to the lawsuit, Torres viewed the “hearsay” excuse as pretext for unlawful discrimination. Deloach Reed did not promote Torres again in 2014 when one position opened. In a court declaration, the former fire chief denied the accusations and said they promoted two Hispanic people to the Fire Prevention Bureau, including former Fire Marshal Miguel Trujillo.
Though filed one year before the Ghost Ship fire, the lawsuit includes some of the same criticism Deloach Reed faced after the deadly blaze — that they were slow to hire people for key positions, leaving battalion chief, deputy chief and fire prevention jobs open, sometimes for more than a year.
The fire which 36 people on Dec. 2, 2016, exposed major flaws in the department's inspection of buildings. Oakland fire came under increased scrutiny following four deaths on March 27, 2017, at a halfway house inferno, a building earlier flagged by firefighters as a fire hazard. Oakland is facing lawsuits in both instances. Deloach Reed announced their retirement in early March.
Torres' attorney could not be immediately reached. A spokesperson for the Oakland City Attorney's Office declined to comment, a general practice for settlements not yet approved.
Best Ways To Spend New Years Day With Your Family In MinnesotaIt's tempting to stay in and chill the day after celebrating New Year's Eve. However, if staying at home is not your idea of starting the New Year, there are enough local family activities on New Year's Day.
We see the Italian family portrayed in movies and television much like they actually are when it comes to family time with everyone gathered around the table, enjoying a meal and togetherness. It is a tradition we should all strive for during our busy lives, and a good Italian meal such as this one, is quick and easy.
Tuscany is known, among its wines and cheeses, for rich organic meats, and pork is one of many. For this dish, I used thick-cut boneless pork chops, diced tomatoes, fresh basil and capers alongside herb-crusted potatoes.
What you'll need:
• 4 thick-cut pork chops.
• 2 cloves garlic, minced.
• 2 tsp. fresh pepper, split.
• 2 tsp. salt, split.
• 2 tsp. capers.
• ¼ cup olive oil, split.
• 1/8 cup fresh chopped basil.
• 1 can dice tomatoes.
• 2-3 medium potatoes, cut into thin wedges.
• 1 tsp. each dried oregano, rosemary and dried basil.
In a skillet on medium heat, add olive oil and bring up to temperature. Add in potatoes, 1 teaspoon of salt and pepper, oregano, rosemary and basil and let cook while you prepare your chops.
In another skillet on medium-high heat, season pork chops with salt and pepper and sear on each side to form a golden crust. Reduce the heat and add garlic, tomatoes and capers. Cover and cook for 15 minutes or until chops are firm.
Once the potatoes are golden brown and tender, remove them and let them drain on a paper towel.
To plate, next to a serving of crispy aromatic potatoes, lay your chops down and spoon the tomatoes on top and sprinkle with fresh basil. The tender pork, tangy tomatoes and capers with the savory and sweet basil will transport you to a simpler time discussing the day with family, a lesson we could all learn from our Mediterranean friends. As they say in Italy, mangia.
Cooking since they could pull a chair up to the stove at 5 years old, Joey Morasse, of Lebanon, is the owner and operator of JoJo's Barbecue and Catering.  They are also a personal chef and offers in-home cooking classes.
OTTAWA — A surge in full-time work in September fuelled a 10th-straight month of net job gains to match the economy's longest monthly streak since the financial crisis nine years ago, Statistics Canada said Friday.
The national unemployment rate stayed at a nine-year low of 6.2 per cent in September after Canada added 10,000 net new jobs, including 112,000 full-time positions.
The rise in full-time work more than offset a drop of 102,000 part-time jobs, but last month's net job gain was driven by growth in public-sector employment.
The September jobs report also showed yet another improvement in the important indicator of wage growth. Compared to the year before, average hourly wages grew at the above-inflation pace of 2.2 per cent, for the biggest increase since April 2016.
The numbers show the employment increase was also concentrated in factory work as the goods-producing sector added 10,500 jobs, compared to a loss of 500 positions in the services industry.
The survey detected a gain of 10,800 paid employee jobs, while the number of people who described themselves as self-employed, including unpaid workers in family businesses, fell by 800.
CIBC chief economist Avery Shenfeld said the report showed Canada's job market was "ho-hum" last month and in line with other signals of a moderation in economic growth.
They suggested that weighs against the probability of a third interest rate hike this year from the Bank of Canada.
"Overall, the 10,000 pace is about what we would expect as a trend if GDP growth is tailing off to the two per cent range in the second half of the year, enough of a slowdown to keep the Bank of Canada on hold until 2018," Shenfeld wrote in a research note to clients.
Statistics Canada said Ontario gained 34,700 jobs in September for its fourth monthly increase in five months and, compared to a year earlier, the province's employment was 2.4 per cent higher. Manitoba shed 5,500 positions for its first notable decline since April 2016, the report said.
Overall, the national numbers show that Canada's year-over-year employment expanded 1.8 per cent with the addition of 319,700 net new jobs, of which more than 90 per cent were full-time positions.
The run of 10-consecutive months of job creation marked the country's longest streak of total employment gains since February 2008.
Follow @AndyBlatchford on Twitter
Andy Blatchford, The Canadian Press
Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport considers 'annexing' another airport to solve capacity shortage
Is it possible to ‘annex' a neighbouring airport – its runway(s) or terminal(s) or both – in order to provide additional capacity while coming under the direct control of the principal airport? That seems to be one potential solution to the capacity issues at Lisbon's Humberto Delgado airport – or at least, that is the language being used. The problem is that the ‘annexed' airport in this case would be a little matter of 20km (12.5 miles) by road from the principal one, across the Vasco de Gama Bridge over the River Tagus.
This report looks at what has prompted the Portuguese government to investigate this solution.
Meanwhile, Lisbon is not alone in considering such an option, one that has come under the microscope at Mumbai and London and which might be applied elsewhere. [5289 words]
Unlock the following content in this report:
Subheadings: The airport's capacity limitations have long been understood
Strong passenger growth over three years – throughout Portugal and including Lisbon
Low cost segment growing faster than full-service one
Scrutiny of operational data suggests weaknesses
A long history of indecision over the need for a second airport
Surface transport requirements must be revisited
The question of owner, operator...
A comparison can be made with Heathrow-Northolt in London
Mumbai plan would have two physically connected airports
Berlin encouraged to retain Tegel Airport, but the problem could be fitting the new system
Summary and conclusions Graphs and data: Aeroporto de Lisboa Humberto Delgado – surrounded by development
Lisbon Airport - airlines by terminal: Jan-2017
Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport terminal share (seats) by system, 23-Jan-2017 to 29-Jan-2017
Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport annual passenger numbers: 2008 – (Jan-Sep) 2016
Charts below
(1) Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport capacity, seats per week, total system. All airlines, 23-Jan-2017 to 29-Jan-2017
(2) Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport share of aircraft frequency, off-peak, by total system, 23-Jan-2017 to 29-Jan-2017
New services launched in 2016 – the top 20 airlines
Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, seats per hour, arriving and departing, Fri 27-Jan-2017, total system, all airlines, all terminals, all origins/destinations
Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, seats per hour, arriving and departing, Fri 27-Jan-2017, total system, all airlines, Terminal 1 only, all origins/destinations
Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, seats per hour, arriving and departing, Fri 27-Jan-2017, total system, all airlines, Terminal 2 only, all origins/destinations
Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport frequencies, system: 23-Jan-2017 to 29-Jan-2017
Situation of OTA with respect to Lisbon
Map showing locations of Humberto Delgado (‘Aeroporto de Lisboa' here); also Alcochete and Montijo
Aerial view of Montijo Air Base from the north
Lisbon Metro map
Map indicating proximity of RAF Northolt to Heathrow Airport and Central London
Proximity of Juhu Airport to Mumbai Chhatrapati Shivaji Airport
Map showing location of Tegel Airport in relation to Schoenefeld Airport
Please login to continue reading or find out more about CAPA Membership below.
The following is a list of candidates who have filed for Tazewell County offices in the 2018 primary election. All offices are four-year terms except those otherwise specified.
COUNTY CLERK
Brittany Miller, Democrat
Washington
John C. Ackerman, Republican
Washington
Brett Grimm, Republican
Morton
Shelly I. Hranka, Republican
Groveland
SHERIFF
Jeffrey J. Lower, Republican
Pekin
Michael T. Eeten, Republican
Pekin
TREASURER
Mary J. Burress, Republican, Incumbent
Pekin
CORONER (UNEXPIRED 2 YR.)
Scott A. Price, Republican
Pekin
Steve Bresnahan, Republican
Pekin
Charles “Charlie” Hanley, Republican
Pekin
COUNTY BOARD DIST. #1 – (4 YR.)
Monica Shallenberger Connett, Democrat, Incumbent
Pekin
Frank Sciortino, Democrat, Incumbent
Pekin
Jay Hall, Republican, Incumbent
Pekin
COUNTY BOARD DIST. #1 – (UNEXPIRED 2 YR.)
Joseph Wolfe, Democrat, Incumbent
Pekin
COUNTY BOARD DIST. #2
Nick Graff, Republican, Incumbent
Morton
Jerome J. Hranka, Republican
Groveland
Brandon C. Hovey, Republican
Morton
Greg Menold, Republican, Incumbent
Morton
COUNTY BOARD DIST. #3 (4 YR.)
Matthew Ward, Democrat
Washington
Seth D. Mingus, Republican, Incumbent
East Peoria
Gregory A. Longfellow, Republican
Washington
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
The President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association, Bello Abdullahi Bodejo has warned that they will resist any attempt to remove President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019. Bodejo warned that Nobody should try and remove Buhari, adding th...
Roy Hill's tech chief Rebbecca Kerr: IoT helping the miner cut energy costs
Western Australian mining giant Roy Hill had a problem: A significant number of vital lighting towers that illuminate mining tenements were simply being lost between shifts.
The $10 billion Roy Hill iron ore mine – majority owned by Gina Rinehart's Hancock Prospecting company - is the most recent mine to open in the Pilbara region. It consists of a 344 kilometre railway line, a process plant and a two berth port.
Previously, mining field workers would monitor and control lighting towers in the mining pit, which was a costly and time consuming exercise, Roy Hill's general manager, technology, Rebbecca Kerr, told the audience at the recent CIO Summit in Perth.
“You would be surprised how many lighting towers would go missing between shifts,” Kerr said. “Once they found them, often [the lights] had no fuel so they had to go and get maintenance to [refuel them]. Our strategy was to drive around at night looking for the lights for refuelling.”
To overcome the problem, Roy Hill has installed a GPS telemetry solution on the lighting towers, which provides field workers using mobile tablets with maintenance information – gathered by IoT sensors – such as how long towers have been switched on and how much fuel has been burned by their generators. This helps them make decisions that will cut energy costs for the mine.
The solution also adjusts lighting levels during sunrise and sunset and automatically reduces lighting during planned shutdowns.
“The [towers] can also be turned on and off now by users back at the remote operations centre,” said Kerr. “We seemed to have lost way less of our lighting towers since then.”
The miner is also looking at placing IoT sensors on conveyors, which Kerr said generate “buckets and buckets of data.”
“We have a patent for a reference architecture that we can apply to that,” they said. “So when the vendors come to the operational people and they ask us how that might fit in with our approach, we can articulate to them what the requirements are of that vendor and what would be a good outcome for the business.”
Roy Hill's IT team is also using data analytics to gather data from every point of the mining operation from the processing plant to port. Early last year, the company engaged Ajilon to provide a business analytics platform that runs on Microsoft Azure.
To create the platform, Ajilon had a direct line to the development team at Microsoft's Redmond research campus.
“You need to be able to explore and understand the data and, in particular, how the data relates to itself,” Andrew Hall, manager, technology planning and architecture at Roy Hill said at the time.
“We don't want to be doing analysis that takes days to run. We want to be able to run multiple scenarios in a time-effective way,” they said.
Hall said at the time that Roy Hill wanted to go beyond using Azure as a static analysis environment.
“If we want to change driver attitudes or we want to optimise performance, we need to do it in real time,” Hall told CIO Australia last year. “You need to be providing feedback at the appropriate times so appropriate action can be taken.”
In some cases, that may be at the start of a worker's shift and in others that might mean immediate corrective action, they said.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
If you're on the road to marital bliss, then a proper Valentine's Day gift for your lovely fiancé is a must. With Christmas happening just over a month ago, you might be short on gift ideas (and cash), so we've rounded up a list with tons of great ideas that won't cost you a fortune. With a wedding in the near future, you're likely also trying to save, which is why there's no need to go crazy this Valentine's Day.
Since it's really the thought that counts, check out the below roundup, full of sentimental and romantic gifts, as well as some that are quite silly. You can grab the one that speaks most to their personality, or mix and match a few. Either way, he'll be sure to appreciate the gesture.
Want to browse additional ideas? Check out the bottom half of this post, with 25 great Valentine's Day ideas for the guys.
1. Ceramic Desk Whiteboard Doll
Amazon
This inexpensive purchase is the gift that keeps on giving and something every couple should have in their home. Set it by your coffee machine, your front door, or your night stand, and write a sweet note to your beau every day. It can be as simple as “have a good day” or something more personal, but we love the idea of this modern-day love note.
Price: $19.47
2. Customized Hanes Black Boxer Brief Underwear
Hanes
How funny are these boxers? Let's face it. Marriage is a whole new level of whipped and there's no question that a happy wife equals a happy life. Let your guy know who's in charge with these customizable boxers, which are under $25. The Hanes boxers can be ordered in their normal size and are extremely comfortable for everyday wear. If you want to even out the playing field, you can purchase a coordinating pair for yourself.
Price: $22.97
3. Nespresso Inissia Espresso Machine by Breville
Nespresso
If your soon-to-be spouse is a true coffee lover, then nothing will bring a smile to their face quite like access to some top-notch caffeine. This Nespresso machine is highly rated, and currently on sale saving you some change. While we happen to love the red color, especially for Valentine's day, you can order the same machine in black and steel as well. Coffee can be brewed in under 30 seconds, with tons of capsule options to choose from.
Price: $127.49 (15 percent off MSRP)
4. Tiny Box of Date Nights
Sweet Bella Stationary
If you and your fiancé have been together for some time, it can be hard to constantly come up with new and original ideas for date night. We get that you have your favorite go-to restaurants, but sometimes it's nice to spice things up with something different. This box is chock full of great gift ideas and will help you both plan from pretty phenomenal date nights. Trust us, during wedding planning, you'll need a night away to reconnect and put down the guest list.
Price: $22
5. The Spirit Infusion Kit
Craft Connections Co.
If your fiancé loves their spirits, this crafty kit is an awesome way to bring seasonal flavors into the mix and make them feel like a true mixologist. The kit includes a book with tons of recipe idea, easy to follow instructions, an infusion jar, a liquor bottle with a reusable cork, as well as the necessary funnel, strainer, and filter. Do they prefer beer? Grab this set instead.
Price: $39.95
6. Bunch of Forking Recipes I Can Cook: Blank Recipe Book
Amazon
The title of this recipe journal certainly makes us laugh, but all joking aside, this under $10 book can become a really thoughtful gift with a little time an effort. If food is the way to your guy's heart, then fill out this recipe book with some of their favorite dishes. Maybe you make a mean chicken parmesan that they can easily recreate, or perhaps it's your grandma's chocolate chip cookies. Fill it out with their top 10-20 recipes and keep it going as you begin to share more recipes as a married couple.
Price: $6.99
7. Funny Teddy Bear Couple Gift
Some of our favorite Valentine's Day gifts are the ones that poke a touch of fun at this Hallmark holiday. Most men aren't in the market for a teddy bear, but they'll be sure to get a chuckle out of this one. Let's face it, boyfriends, fiancés, and husbands can all be tough to deal with and this bear calls it like it is. You can shop for some alternative teddy bears with funny sayings here.
Price: $22.97
8. I Vow To Love You Coffee Mug Gift
GiftaCup
So many women are looking at this mug and shaking their heads. While we all have annoying habits, grown men playing video games might be one of the hardest to overlook, but we still love them anyway. If your man is a gamer, then he'll appreciate this mug (even if you're secretly praying that he'll ditch the video game eventually). Perhaps you just don't include this line in your vows and leave it on the mug.
Price: $14.97
9. Bath Bomb Set
Amazon
So many awesome beauty products are marketed only to women, which can leave the guys feeling a little left out if they want to pamper themselves too. This sleeve of bath bombs is approachable, even for the guys, made with muted tones, masculine scents, and branding that won't scare them away. You can set up a bath for him, or hop in with him, for an even more romantic surprise this Valentine's Day.
Price: $19.97
10. Roy Rose Jewelry Sterling Silver Recessed Monogram Cuff Links
Roy Rose Jewelry
If you're on the hunt for a special and sentimental gift this Valentine's Day, consider something that your fiancé can use on the wedding day. Monogrammed cuff links are our top choice, and can be used well past your wedding day on any special occasion. These are made with solid sterling silver and come with a certificate of authenticity for validation. These take about a week to arrive, so order ASAP for an on-time delivery.
Price: $99.97
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
Ted Raymond, Newstalk 580 CFRA
Algonquin College President Cheryl Jensen says a student who was found critically injured in a stairwell on campus last month has died.
In an email to students and college staff, Jensen says they offer their heartfelt condolences to the student's family.
“I would ask that everyone keep them in their thoughts and prayers,” Jensen wrote. “I know our entire Algonquin community, especially this student's friends, classmates, professors and mentors, will be grieving this terrible loss. I have reached out to the student's family to offer any assistance our College can provide.”
On January 17, Ottawa Police and Paramedics were called to the C Building of the Woodroffe Campus on reports that a young man had been found that afternoon with serious injuries. Jensen said later that evening they were involved in an “accident” in the stairwell. The circumstances around how the student fell remain unknown.
They were rushed to hospital in critical condition, Paramedics said at the time.
In the email Friday, Jensen said further details would not be released.
“We wish to respect the privacy of this student's loved ones and so will not be providing further details,” Jensen said. “For this reason, I would ask everyone to be mindful of our College values in your interactions, online and in person.”
Jensen's email offered several phone numbers students and staff could call if they needed any counselling services.
WATCH: Justin Bieber Confesses On Instagram They Had Just As Much Of A Naff Valentine's Day As You
It seems despite being one of the most popular guys in music...Valentine's Day wasn't quite the one this year!
Whether you had a fancy five-course meal or just a takeaway for one, 14th Feb can be a right hoot of a day.
Who doesn't like an excuse to eat the fancy chocolates that bae bought from the petrol station... or just the nice big block of Galaxy you grabbed for yourself?
WATCH: Justin Bieber Was Lonely On Valentines Day 00:36
Not Biebs, that's who. He's thrown a right old paddy on Instagram as, wait for it people, they didn't have a 'Valentine's'. *sad face*
They posted two videos to Instagram to share their dismay at having no bae.
This comes a day after they oh so subtly shaded The Weeknd & Selena's relationship live on Instagram after a fan asked what their favourite song was at the moment, only for them to reply, "Erm, The Weekend - Starboy" and to then uncontrollably laugh for a good 15 seconds.
Will someone just hurry up and offer to be Biebs' bae pls?
You May Also Like
Match of the Day pundit Alan Shearer tells presenter Mark Chapman and fellow pundit Jermaine Jenas that Tottenham's players do not "deserve more money" because they "haven't won anything" following comments by Spurs defender Danny Rose.
READ MORE:Pochettino accepts Rose apology
It's easier to not hold a grudge, of course. It's probably the right thing to do, the noble thing to do, the pathway toward good karma and better health. Grudges are ugly. Grudges diminish us. Grudges can turn the lining of your stomach into acid-washed torture.
But in this case there's really very little choice. The Knicks have moved on from the Phil Jackson Experience and seem to be better off for it. We've yet to really see the firm of Mills & Perry in action (excluding the Carmelo Anthony deal, which they executed with a gun to their heads like the poor dog on that famous old cover of “National Lampoon”) but so far, despite the team's inconsistency, it's hard to muster an anger the equivalent of watching Jackson's Knicks.
Until you think of Jackson, that is.
Specifically, when you think of Joakim Noah, the $72 million gift-that-keeps-on-giving, the bust-who-keeps-on-busting, the lovely parting gift Jackson left behind amid the ashes and the rubble.
In so many ways, the Knicks won't really be able to totally break free from the Jackson Era until Noah is somewhere else.
And good luck figuring out where that's going to be. And, more important, when.
Noah's is that rare calamitous acquisition of which it's hard to tell if their negative impact has best been felt on the floor, where they have been so obviously done from the moment they arrived it's amazing they didn't show up with a fork in their back, or off, when they ended last season (and began this one) suspended for testing positive for an illicit over-the-counter substance and then decided to clear their throat and air out Jeff Hornacek.
That a fair share of Knicks fans would like to have the same kind of one-sided conversation with Hornacek is beside the point. Noah isn't just the ugliest mark on a Jackson dossier crowded with them, it's actually hard to come up with one that's comparable anywhere else.
Kei Igawa? That was a horrific signing, sure, but for one thing it wasn't as if they came with an armada of red flags the way Noah did, and for another it was a Yankees signing — they play in a sport in which, if you make a gross miscalculation, it doesn't potentially ruin you for five years if you're willing and able to write the checks. Eddie Lee Whitson was a mess and a miss, but they barely registered a blip in their time here.
Jason Bay? Bobby Bonilla? Yes, the Mets have a few blotches in their history, but as awful as Bay was and as disappointing as Bonilla was (twice!) they at least got one guy (Bay) who was a solid citizen and another (Bonilla, the first time) whose numbers here weren't as bad upon reflection as memory insists they were. Oh, and neither one of them thought it would be a good idea as a first New York impression to disrespect West Point cadets, as Noah did (in case you forgot that they were a disaster before even playing a minute here).
The Knicks have had plenty of bad actors and worse head cases pollute their roster through the years, and the Nets have had more of both, but it's hard to remember Steph Marbury ever inciting Noah-esque levels of contempt no matter which side of the Hudson they were pouting on.
No, Noah stands alone. There was no clamoring for Noah to come home when Jackson signed him, and anyone who'd seen even a small sampling of Noah's recent work knew they would barely have been worth the risk as a training camp invitee, let alone carrying a $72 million price tag. This isn't even remotely a second guess; this was a near-unanimous first guess by everyone.
Except for Phil Jackson.
So, yes: the anger lingers. And, no: the grudge has not faded. Not until Noah is exiled, somewhere and somehow … and maybe not for a year or two after that. What an epic fail that keeps on epically failing.
Vac's Whacks
We are allowed to stop grading the Knicks on a curve now, right? And I'll be the first online to mea culpa and admit I was way too smitten by the first two months.
Every now and then you look at Seton Hall and for five minutes here and 10 there you see a team that could make something memorable happen come March. Hall-Villanova is about as good an undercard as the Super Bowl could ever ask for.
I wasn't one of the acolytes of “This is Us” that felt an overwhelming rush to find out what we're apparently going to find out in the post-Supe episode, but I'll be dialed in nevertheless, you bet.
Me, I'd sign Kirk Cousins. But I also have a full supply of those mea culpas, so check back this time next year.
Whack Back At Vac
Scott Wolinetz: I was kind of hoping for a hug between Parcells and Belichick at the end of that “Two Bills” 30-for-30. Even a handshake, or something.
Vac: For all their talk the whole time about how there were no lingering hard feelings they both looked like they'd just swallowed a plate of picnic ants the whole time.
Sal Urciuoli: I always remembered watching the Knicks and Rangers in their road blues on Channel 9. When we first got cable and I saw my teams in their home whites, I thought it was the greatest thing. Thanks for bringing up a great memory.
Vac: Thanks to the many of you who wrote about the home-white uniform column. Good to know I wasn't alone on that nostalgic cloud.
@expos_exposed: Can you try to figure out what two-thirds of those people are thinking by not voting for Larry Walker?
@MikeVacc: Everyone has their pet Hall of Fame cases; still, I have no idea how anyone who watched Larry Walker play baseball doesn't view them as a Hall of Famer.
Lloyd Darlow: One more title doesn't make the Patriots any greater. But the Eagles … hell no (and I grew up a Jets fan). I need to continue to see that big fat ZERO next to Super Bowl titles in their résumé. Die, Eagles, die!
Vac: I'm not sure if there are a lot of New Yorkers rooting for the Pats, but the venom against the Eagles is tangible. Bank on that.
It was all about the paycheck.
Investors looked beyond a hurricane-induced drop in nonfarm payrolls in the September employment report to focus instead on a large bump in wages, although that too was also likely distorted by the storms.
“The recent extreme weather in the U.S. has caused jobs to be shed. But what the Fed will be really pleased about is that wage growth has been strong. It's pretty hard to see how the Fed won't hike in December now,” said Luke Hickmore, senior investment manager at Aberdeen Standard Investments, which has $758 billion in assets under management.
The initial reaction in financial markets was most clearly seen in Treasurys. Traders extended a selloff in 2-year Treasury notes, sending the yield TMUBMUSD02Y, +1.67% soaring above 1.52% for the first time in 10 years. The benchmark 10-year yield TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.42% rose nearly 4 basis points to 2.389%, a two-month high. Yields, which move inversely to prices, subsequently trimmed their rise but remain higher on the day.
In turn, the U.S. dollar took a cue from the initial jump in yields, extending an advance against major rivals and pushing the ICE U.S. Dollar Index DXY, -0.10% which measures the currency against six major rivals, above 94.00 for the first time since July. Higher yields can make a currency more attractive to currency traders. As the yield rise faded, however, the dollar lost altitude.
The knee-jerk reaction by yields and the dollar appeared to knock some shine off the stock market, said Kathleen Brooks, research director at City Index, in a note. Major indexes traded only slightly lower after scoring another round of all-time highs on Thursday. The S&P 500 SPX, -0.26% scored its sixth straight record close Thursday, its longest such streak since 1997.
Fed-funds futures showed traders now see a 93.1% chance the Federal Reserve will deliver its third rate increase of 2017 in December, up from 77.5% on Thursday, according to CME Group data. Expectations for a rate increase have risen sharply over the past month after hawkish signals from Federal Reserve officials. A month ago, futures reflected just a 36.7% chance of a December rate rise.
The Labor Department said the U.S. shed 33,000 jobs in September. The unemployment rate, however, fell to 4.2%, a 16-year low, from 4.4%. And wages rose 0.5%, or 12 cents, to $26.55 an hour. Year over year, wages were up 2.9%, up from 2.7% in August and matching a postrecession high, though analysts also cautioned against reading too much in to the wage strength due to possible storm-related distortions.
After all, the impact of the hurricanes was probably felt disproportionately by low-wage workers, said Eric Winograd, U.S. economist at Alliance Bernstein, noting, for example, that the data showed more than 100,000 restaurant jobs were lost for the month, likely pushing up the aggregate hourly wage.
Still, wages are on the rise and likely to continue rising, they said in a note, underpinning expectations the Fed will continue to raise rates.
Investors willingness to look past the payrolls number “could usher in a new leg higher for the dollar,” Brooks wrote, with the ICE index potentially targeting the 98.00 level, while the 10-year yield could head for 2.6% if it can push through 2.4%.
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
When the theory of relativity appeared in the early 1900s, it upended centuries of science and gave physicists a new understanding of space and time. Isaac Newton saw space and time as fixed, but in the new picture provided by special relativity and general relativity they were fluid and malleable.
Who came up with the theory of relativity?
Albert Einstein. They published the first part of their theory — special relativity — in the German physics journal Annalen der Physik in 1905 and completed their theory of general relativity only after another decade of difficult work. They presented the latter theory in a series of lectures in Berlin in late 1915 and published in the Annalen in 1916.
What is special relativity?
The theory is based on two key concepts.
First, the natural world allows no “privileged” frames of reference. As long as an object is moving in a straight line at a constant speed (that is, with no acceleration), the laws of physics are the same for everyone. It's a bit like when you look out a train window and see an adjacent train appear to move — but is it moving, or are you? It can be hard to tell. Einstein recognized that if the motion is perfectly uniform, it's literally impossible to tell — and identified this as a central principle of physics.
Second, light travels at an unvarying speed of 186,000 miles a second. No matter how fast an observer is moving or how fast a light-emitting object is moving, a measurement of the speed of light always yields the same result.
Starting from these two postulates, Einstein showed that space and time are intertwined in ways that scientists had never previously realized. Through a series of thought experiments, Einstein demonstrated that the consequences of special relativity are often counterintuitive — even startling.
A page of the original manuscripts of the theory of relativity developed by Albert Einstein on display at the Israeli National Academy of Science and Humanities in Jerusalem on March 7, 2010. Uri Lenz / EPA file
If you're zooming along in a rocket and pass a friend in an identical but slower-moving rocket, for example, you'll see that your friend's watch is ticking along more slowly than yours (physicists call this "time dilation").
What's more, your friend's rocket will appear shorter than your own. If your rocket speeds up, your mass and that of the rocket will increase. The faster you go, the heavier things become and the more your rocket will resist your efforts to make it go faster. Einstein showed that nothing that has a mass can ever reach the speed of light.
Another consequence of special relativity is that matter and energy are interchangeable via the famous equation E = mc² (in which E stands for energy, m for mass, and c² the speed of light multiplied by itself). Because the speed of light is such a big number, even a tiny amount of mass is equivalent to — and can be converted into — a very large amount of energy. That's why atomic and hydrogen bombs are so powerful.
What is general relativity?
Essentially, it's a theory of gravity. The basic idea is that instead of being an invisible force that attracts objects to one another, gravity is a curving or warping of space. The more massive an object, the more it warps the space around it.
For example, the sun is massive enough to warp space across our solar system — a bit like the way a heavy ball resting on a rubber sheet warps the sheet. As a result, Earth and the other planets move in curved paths (orbits) around it.
This warping also affects measurements of time. We tend to think of time as ticking away at a steady rate. But just as gravity can stretch or warp space, it can also dilate time. If your friend climbs to the top of a mountain, you'll see their clock ticking faster compared to yours; another friend, at the bottom of a valley, will have a slower-ticking clock, because of the difference in the strength of gravity at each place. Subsequent experiments proved that this indeed happens.
What does relativity look like 'under the hood?'
Special relativity is ultimately a set of equations that relate the way things look in one frame of reference to how they look in another — the stretching of time and space, and the increase in mass. The equations involve nothing more complicated than high-school math.
General relativity is more complicated. Its “field equations” describe the relationship between mass and the curvature of space and dilation of time, and are typically taught in graduate-level university physics courses.
Tests of special and general relativity
Over the last century, many experiments have confirmed the validity of both special and general relativity. In the first major test of general relativity, astronomers in 1919 measured the deflection of light from distant stars as the starlight passed by our sun, proving that gravity does, in fact, distort or curve space.
In 1971, scientists tested both parts of Einstein's theory by placing precisely synchronized atomic clocks in airliners and flying them around the world. A check of the timepieces after the planes landed showed that the clocks aboard the airliners were running a tiny bit slower than (less than one millionth of a second) than the clocks on the ground.
The disparity resulted from the speed of the planes (a special relativity effect) and their greater distance from the center of Earth's gravitational field (a general relativity effect).
In 2016, the discovery of gravitational waves — subtle ripples in the fabric of spacetime — was another confirmation of general relativity.
Relativity in practice
While the ideas behind relativity seem esoteric, the theory has had a huge impact on the modern world.
Nuclear power plants and nuclear weapons, for example, would be impossible without the knowledge that matter can be transformed into energy. And our GPS (global positioning system) satellite network needs to account for the subtle effects of both special and general relativity; if they didn't, they'd give results that were off by several miles.
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Brian Milstead and their son Kyle, 15, bleed blue, gold, and white.
"I've been a Royals fan ever since I was born," Kyle said.
When they heard that a new shirt of fan favorite Mike Moustakas would be released, they wanted to be first in line.
"I love the design. The design is awesome," Brian said.
While the Moustakas-inspired shirt would be a big draw for fans, they found a deeper reason to spend their hard earned money.
"We've had such a great response. We knew it was going to be a big launch but as soon as the public found out about ACE 30 everyone has rallied together and it's exciting to see how the community has responded," Emma Louis, Charlie Hustle general manager, said.
"Ace was a part of the KC family and when we lose a family member we all want to support that family member," Brian said. "I got here plenty early, I didn't want to miss this."
The shirts are being sold for $32, plus tax, but $8 of every shirt sold will go to the Ace 30 Memorial Fund. That was more than enough for Damon Lesher and their daughter Alexis to come out.
"It's caught the entire community. We like to be part of it, support our community, and be part of it. We liked Ace himself, so it pulls everyone together it seems like," Lesher said.
While fans will be proud to wear the shirt, they are even prouder to support Ace.
"He was a really good team player and it really hurt the whole community to see them go," Kyle said.
"The Royals are more than a team and it's a tight knit community here in Kanas City. We feel that, as a whole, the team is part of Kansas City and it means a lot to everyone here," Brian said.
Blog: IIoT expands the maintenance maturity model
Analytics, remote monitoring enabled by IIoT enable new, more effective maintenance strategies that move users from reactive or condition-based to predictive and prescriptive maintenance
With the emergence of Industrial IoT (IIoT), collecting data from equipment is moving from paper-based, manual inspections to automated systems. This improves both data quality and quantity. IIoT-enabled remote asset monitoring also dramatically expands the number and variety of parameters that can be monitored cost effectively. Combined with today's more advanced analytics, these data enable industrial organizations to implement new, more effective maintenance strategies to progress further along on the maturity continuum from reactive, to preventive, too condition-based to predictive, and – ultimately – to prescriptive maintenance. With higher maintenance maturity, comes broader business benefits that go beyond reducing…
Intro
Monday Night Football MNF – Middlesbrough v Arsenal
Monday 17 April 2017
Middlesbrough v Arsenal – Pre- and post-match Coverage of the Premier League encounter, which takes place at the Riverside Stadium. Both sides are desperate for points for opposing reasons, with Boro fighting for their lives in the relegation zone, and the Gunners hoping to achieve yet another top-four finish, which would go some way toward appeasing their frustrated fans
Watch Online – Monday Night Football MNF – West Ham United v Chelsea
Pre Match
Video still processing if video still not available yet!
Disclaimer
UNCUT Magazine does not store any files. Everything posted on this site is for promotional use only. Files downloaded should be kept for no longer then 24 hours and then deleted. Please support the artists and buy their music. All music and videos are copyrights to the original owners.
Salt Bae was invited to the Laureus World Sports Awards this year. The annual ceremony recognizes ” the most remarkable men and women from the world of sport along with their achievements” (if you don't know who Salt Bae is skip to below the video and read that first).
While Salt Bae was there, they salted the food of Olympic gold medalist gymnast and Laureus World Sportswoman of the Year Simone Biles. Biles and their mom clearly loved it.
got my food salted by the one & only 😂 #Laureus17 pic.twitter.com/Wf2iIQ1Nr5 — Simone Biles (@Simone_Biles) February 14, 2017
If you're wondering who the heck “Salt Bae” is, I'll explain. Their real name is Nusret Gokce, and he's a Turkish chef who owns steak restaurants. They went viral because of the way they sprinkle salt in this video.
Ever since then, they have been salting food for famous people like Leonardo DiCaprio and other athletes like Rickie Fowler.
Life's good for Salt Bae.
The 'salt bae' phenomenon has hit the sporting world. It makes sense that the man who started it all – chef Nusret Gokce – is at #Laureus17 pic.twitter.com/VA9U6SDnbX — CNN Sport (@cnnsport) February 14, 2017
It's amazing what can happen when you go viral on the Internet!
Getty
Game No. 163 of the Chicago Cubs' World Series defense begins on Friday night, as the defending champs head to Washington D.C. to take on the Washington Nationals for Game 1 of their NLDS matchup.
Stephen Strasburg will take the ball for Washington, while the Cubs will counter with Kyle Hendricks.
Game 1 starts at 7:31 p.m. ET and will be broadcast on TBS. If you don't have cable, you can watch a live stream via a free trial of one of the following cable-free, live-TV services:
DirecTV Now: Any of the four channel packages include TBS. You can click here to sign up and start your free trial. You can then watch on your computer via your browser, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the DirecTV Now app
Sling TV: Both “Sling Orange” and “Sling Blue” include TBS. You can click here to sign up and start your free trial. You can watch on your computer via your browser, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the Sling TV app
Both of these options includes a free trial, so you can watch the game at no cost.
Pitching Matchup
For as good as Stephen Strasburg's overall numbers (2.52 ERA, 1.015 WHIP and 204 K's in 175.1 innings), they have been even better over the last month-and-a-half. In fact, he's been damn near unhittable during that stretch, allowing three earned runs–all in one start–over their last seven appearances. During that stretch, the Nats have gone 7-0, while they boast an absurd 0.57 ERA, 0.776 ERA and 55 punchouts in 47.2 innings.
Looking to keep the Cubs within striking distance will be Kyle Hendricks.
Last year's ERA leader and third-place vote getter in the Cy Young missed six weeks in June and July with tendinitis in their pitching hand, but they enter the playoffs looking like their usual self. In five September starts, they gave up just seven earned runs over 31.1 innings, compiling a 2.01 ERA and 1.01 WHIP.
In other words, don't expect a lot of runs to be scored on Friday night.
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
PadMan filmmaker R Balki has maintained a common element in almost all of their films and that is none other than Amitabh Bachchan. Be it Cheeni Kum, Shamitabh, Paa or their latest venture PadMan, Amitabh Bachchan has proved to be lucky mantra. Talking about the same, the filmmaker revealed that they are not obsessed with them but the nation is. They added that they are just a part of the nation.
From their debut film ‘Cheeni Kum' to their upcoming film ‘Pad Man', R. Balki has maintained one common element in all their directorial ventures – and that is the presence of Amitabh Bachchan. The filmmaker says the whole nation is obsessed with the megastar and they are just a part of it. Balki has explored various sides of Amitabh's acting talent in all their films – be it through telling a love story between a 64-year-old man and a 34-year-old woman in ‘Cheeni Kum', or a tale of a 12-year-old progeria patient in ‘Paa', or showing the dark side of showbiz with Big B as a failed actor and drunkard in ‘Shamitabh'.
Balki got Big B to make cameo appearances in ‘English Vinglish' and ‘Ki & Ka' as well. Asked whether they are obsessed with Big B, Balki told IANS: “I am not obsessed with Amitabh Bachchan..the nation is; I am just a part of the nation.” They continued: “Let me tell you, even in this film (Pad Man) Mr. Bachchan is playing an important role. Yes, it is a cameo, but once you watch the film, (you) will understand the relevance of their presence in that moment of the story. I know people said that I keep bringing them in my film somewhere, but all those moments are crucial in the story.
“If we talk about ‘Ki & Ka', the conversation between Mr Bachchan and Jaya ji, was crucial, that is also one side of the main topic of the film, that added a perspective.” Asked if, given their advertising background, it is easier for them to tell a story that amalgamates the value of brand and entertainment, they shared how the length of the story makes all the difference. “You might just find an ad film boring if I take 20 seconds extra to tell a story elaborately. On the other hand, there is a time when the audience could find things are happening too fast in a feature film. But that is how it is, depends on the format,” they explained.
Balki expressed their happiness over famous south Indian film composer and musician Illaiyaraja being honoured with the Padma Vibhushan, India's second-highest civilian honour. “I think even Bharat Ratna is less to show our respect to their talent. For me, they are not just an incredible musician, they are music. We have spoken after I got to know the news, I am really happy,” said Balki who worked with Ilaiyaraaja in films like ‘Paa', ‘Cheeni Kum', ‘Ki & Ka' and ‘Shamitabh'. ‘Pad Man', a film highlighting awareness on menstrual hygiene, stars Akshay Kumar, Sonam Kapoor and Radhika Apte. It will release on February 9.
A golf club in Pennsylvania is under fire after calling police on a group of black women after a co-owner of the club and their father claimed the group was playing too slowly while refusing requests to leave the premises.
The five black women who set out to play golf feel they were discriminated against, and said it was a “horrific experience.”
Here's what you need to know:
1. The Black Female Golfers Said They Felt Discriminated Against When Police Were Called Because the Chronister's Alleged They Were Playing ‘Too Slow'
On Saturday, Sandra Thompson, Myneca Ojo, and three of their friends set out to play a round of golf at Grandview Golf Club in York, Pennsylvania, where all five women were members.
What appeared to start off as a leisurely and joyful day with friends turned into the women feeling discriminated against after Steve and Jorder Chronister allegedly told the players they were playing too slowly before calling authorities.
.
“I felt we were discriminated against,” one of the women, Myneca Ojo, told the York Daily Record. “It was a horrific experience.”
The women are part of a larger women's golf group called Sisters of the Fairway, according to the newspaper, adding that the “members are experienced players who have golfed all over the county.”
At the second hole of the course, the women were told they were not keeping an appropriate pace by Steve Chronister, the father of the club's co-owner, Jordan Chronister, as reported by the Daily Record.
The newspaper added that the women were later told “they had taken too long of a break between first and second halves of the course,” and were subsequently “asked to leave,” and were “offered their membership money refunded.”
A group of men surrounds the women, and a man, identified as Steve Chronister, can be heard telling their son to “Back off, this is what they want. This is what they do for a living.”
When they didn't leave, police were called to the course. However, only Thompson and Ojo had stayed at this point, while the other women were apparently too traumatized and took off after they felt harassed.
2. Jordan Chronister Is a Co-Owner of the Golf Club With Their Wife, Who Offered an Apology
Following the incident, Jordan Chronister's wife and co-owner of the golf club, JJ Chronister, told the Daily Record that they personally apologized to the five black women.
“We sincerely apologize to the women for making them feel uncomfortable here at Grandview, that is not our intention in any way,” JJ said, according to the publication. “We want all of our members to feel valued and that they can come out here and have a great time, play golf and enjoy the experience.”
In an email to The York Dispatch, JJ stated: “While our intention was to ensure all teams on the course were moving through in a timely manner, the interaction between our members and our ownership progressed in a manner that was not reflective of our company's values or expectations for our own professionalism.”
Grandview Golf Course issued a statement via their Facebook page on Sunday Morning. It reads:
Yesterday at Grandview Golf Club, several of our members had an experience that does not reflect our organization's values or our commitment to delivering a welcoming environment for everyone. We are disappointed that this situation occurred and regret that our members were made to feel uncomfortable in any way. We have reached out to the members who shared their concerns to meet in-person, to fully understand what happened so that we can ensure it never happens again. Our team is very sorry for any interaction that may have made any member feel uncomfortable. Please know that we are taking this issue very seriously and expect our own organization to meet the highest standards for service that allows for everyone to feel comfortable and welcome.
3. Steve Chronister Is a Former York County Commissioner
Steve Chronister was identified as the man in the video who stated to their son, “Back off, this is what they want. This is what they do for a living,” speaking of the black woman who raised concerns about the encounter.
The elder Chronister is a former York County Commissioner, as shown in records and on their Facebook page, which states that they are now a “Real Estate Agent at Howard Hanna Real Estate-York Office.”
Many are venting and taking their outrage towards the incident to the social media page.
“Hey racist!,” Johnny Rogers wrote in response to a post. “You're really helping your son and their whole family out, keep up the shame!”
“Shame on you,,, and your son is real brave getting up in a woman's face,” Jane Smith stated.
Play any golf recently? Say goodbye to your life and career, bigot.
4. Police Said the Women Will Not Face Charges
Northern York County Regional Police responded to the call, but subsequently left without charging any of the parties involved.
“We were called there for an issue, the issue did not warrant any charges,” Northern York County Regional Police Chief Mark Bentzel said, according to Fox Carolina. “All parties left and we left as well.”
5. This Is Just One Example of a Slew of Racial Issues in Recent Weeks
On the afternoon of April 21, Ojo posted the following to their Facebook page:
Today I was a victim of racial profiling and discrimination. Just a few minutes after we took our Sisters in the Fairway outing picture, Sandra Thompson and I were kicked off the golf course and the police called. The owner tried to kick us off earlier on the second hole, but Sandra intervened. The harassment continued to the 10th hole, with a claim we broke rules. We are golfers and we did not. We are professional women in our 50s trying to enjoy ourselves and was victimized, sectionalized and harassed playing golf. It got really scary the encounters and we are PAID members of this course, Grandview Golf Course in York, PA. Fight discrimination and bias. It is poisoning the progress of this state, the economy and this country. I stand against discrimination bullying. Please share this story and be mindful that times are a changing. I am an advocate for equality and promote equity professionally and personally. It happened to me.
The five women alleging discrimination are not the only people of color who have had issues in public settings as of late.
“Suspicious black male in police clothes.” It's taken me too long to understand that #WhitePrivilege means being able to do my job, drive my car, buy food, play golf, and sit in Starbucks without police intervention. Please keep sharing. I'm listening. #BLM @ShaunKing https://t.co/ngtHpQXuG9 — Zoe Chance (@zoebchance) April 24, 2018
A video showing police in Saraland, Alabama, arresting a woman, Chikesia Clemons, on April 22 has sparked outrage, but police are defending their actions. The video shows officers throwing Clemons to the ground, telling them they are going to “break their arm,” and exposing their breasts during the altercation.
The arrest of Clemons occurred on the same day as a shooting which killed four people of color at a Waffle House in Nashville, Tennessee.
Clemons' arrest happened only weeks after two black men were asked to leave a Philadelphia Starbucks as they said they were waiting for a friend, which was also caught on video and caused national outrage. You can watch the footage by clicking here.
The incidents have caused many to express outrage regarding how people of color are treated in public settings:
A tale of 2 Waffle Houses: In Tennessee, an unarmed black man, James Shaw, disarmed a white domestic terrorist who murdered 4 people of color. In Alabama, a black woman, Chikesia Clemons, was brutally arrested for complaining about being charged for a plastic spoon. Same day. — Eugene Gu, MD (@eugenegu) April 23, 2018
I actually can't personally repost the video of #ChikesiaClemons because I'm so triggered. @WaffleHouse employees called the police on them in Alabama. I watched the video. They were peaceful, then wrestled to the ground by THREE officers, choked, half-disrobed and arrested. — Brittany Packnett (@MsPackyetti) April 22, 2018
The most disrespected person in America, is the black woman. The most unprotected person in America is the black woman. The most neglected person in America, is the black woman. ~ Malcolm X#ChikesiaClemons — Desiree Adaway (@desireeadaway) April 23, 2018
#WaitingWhileBlack isn't just a risk at Starbucks. And I'm literally, physically ill over what I just saw. #ChikesiaClemons is another black person treated like a threat when they were simply a patron. — Brittany Packnett (@MsPackyetti) April 22, 2018
Is the father of the Nashville shooter in police custody? Did they illegally give the weapons that their son used to slaughter people? If they claim they were stolen by their son, did they report them as stolen? All of this matters & would be asked if a Muslim man did the shooting. — Shaun King (@ShaunKing) April 24, 2018
Read on for further coverage of the Philadelphia Starbucks incident:
Protecting children online, key component of cybersecurity – Telecoms Minister
By Murtland Haley
It has been noted that with the unlimited benefits offered by the internet, children are vulnerable to online bullying and other menacing consequences when used in a perverse manner by other persons.
This was acknowledged by Minister of Public Telecommunications, Catherine Hughes yesterday during a cybersecurity workshop for education stakeholders held at the North Ruimveldt Secondary School.
The theme for the workshop, which continues today, is: “The Role of Education in Cybersecurity: Developing Digital Citizenship.”
According to Hughes, their Ministry is working assiduously towards universal access to the internet and the many citizens, who are already connected, have learnt a great deal in a short time. They said that students, especially, have become familiar with almost everything that is available online.
They said that it is known by many that the internet is a good tool and extremely progressive. “Students are seizing opportunities for higher education, signing up for online training courses, while others are able to research the wide range of exciting entrepreneurial opportunities.”
Despite these benefits, Hughes said that the negative effects must also be dealt with, such as unwholesome content being circulated and threats to the country's security.
“With the easy availability of online data, it becomes easier for your information, your online accounts to be hijacked. You must have heard the stories about information at some huge North American and European conglomerate being stolen by hackers and placed in the public domain. Maybe you've heard or read about the countless incidents of identity theft; or of people with very bad intentions getting access to little children and luring them away from home. And I know you know that online bullying is common, even in Guyana.”
According to the Minister, Guyana is not alone, as different countries and a number of groups are developing ways to deal with this major concern in schools. They said that the workshop is about finding solutions to the challenges of protecting children at every level of the school system.
They said that adults have the responsibility to enlighten children about the possibilities lurking behind their cell phones and computer screens.
“We have to teach them to be cautious when talking to people they don't know, and even with the people they think they know; and we have to teach them how to deal with online bullies.”
Meanwhile, Programme Officer of the International Telecommunication Union (ITU), Sylvester Cadette said that the United Nations' specialised agency for Information Communication Technologies, has observed that certain barriers are diminishing rapidly as it relates to the affordability of ICT devices such as smart phones, computers and tablets.
According to Cadette, persons that use these devices must be well aware of the real and potential negatives lurking online. Some of these, they said, are the grooming for sexual purposes and cyberbullying. They said that previously, school children being bullied was done covertly, but has since become quite the opposite, and is being done overtly.
“Schools and their administrations across the (Caribbean) region are struggling to find solutions to combat the psychological and performance-related effects on victims of cyberbullying.”
Further, Chief Education Officer, Mr Marcel Hutson, said that their ministry with assistance from the ITU and the Public Telecommunications Ministry, is working to devise strategies to face down cyberbullying and to keep students safe from other types of online threats.
They said that their Ministry is driving to integrate ICT with schools' curricula which results in better information sharing and much more interactive teaching and learning experiences. They said that about 102 secondary and tertiary education institutions, including the Cyril Potter College of Education and technical institutes, now have free access to the internet.
LaVar Ball — the same guy who thinks they could beat Michael Jordan one-on-one — lost to Ice Cube after the rapper/actor/mogul/BIG3 founder challenged them to a shooting contest.
USA TODAY Sports was on the scene as they traded off four-pointer attempts from 30 feet away:
With fans cheering and jeering, Ball, who averaged 2.2 points at Washington State during the 1986-87 season, missed more than a half dozen attempts from 4-point range as the rapper prevailed.
That's a great summary — So. Many. Missed. Shots.
To be fair, “four-pointers” aren't normal basketball shots. But if you missed out on Ball losing to Cube and wanted to watch the replay, here you go:
Ice Cube vs Lavar Ball in the 4-point Challenge. Enjoy. https://t.co/oLD9skbpnG — FS1 (@FS1) August 14, 2017
LaVar Ball vs Ice Cube 4-point shot challenge — Ice Cube wins 🔥🏀 pic.twitter.com/F40eKEqARb — Jovan Buha (@jovanbuha) August 14, 2017
.@icecube and LaVar Ball had their much anticipated 4-point shooting contest and Ice Cube emerged victorious 🏆 (via @IamKrisLondon) pic.twitter.com/c1xxG6Ndv7 — Yahoo Sports (@YahooSports) August 14, 2017
That was anticlimactic and kind of snoozefest. Wake me up when Jordan plays Ball.
A new space experiment is taking the baking tip "let your bread rise" to the extreme.
Slated to launch to the International Space Station in 2018, "Bake In Space" will test a specially-devised dough with a microgravity oven to bake bread in orbit for the first time in history.
"Baking where nobody baked before," the team behind the Bake In Space experiment quipped. "Bake In Space seeks to address the scientific and technical challenges relating to the production of fresh bread in space."
Related: Space Food Evolution: How Astronaut Chow Has Changed (Photos)
Led by a group of German scientists, engineers and science communicators, including former shuttle astronaut Gerhard Thiele, Bake In Space is not just about adding to the space station crew's menu, but meeting the needs and desires of future astronauts as spaceflight opens to more people.
"As space tourism takes off and people spend more time in space, we need to allow bread to be made from scratch," Sebastian Marcu, CEO and founder of Bake In Space, told New Scientist.
A "space cheeseburger," made using a tortilla for bread, is seen on board the International Space Station in late 2016. NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson floats in the background. NASA
The Bake In Space experiment will try to produce "typical" weekend German bread rolls using a compact, low-energy convection (or possibly vacuum) oven and a special dough that produces a palatable, but crumb-free bread.
Breadcrumbs in space can be a reason for concern. Given the microgravity environment, the tiny particles can cause problems if they get into electrical systems and ventilation filters. They can also pose a health risk if inhaled.
NASA's early solution — after Mercury and Gemini crews smuggled deli sandwiches to space — was to pre-cut their bread into bite-size cubes and coat each in gelatin to keep any crumbs contained. Later, during the space shuttle era and continuing to today on the space station, tortillas took the place of loaves as the bread-product of choice.
Related: 'Cryosleep' May Open the Door to Deep Space. Here's How
"The first thing we need for a sandwich is a piece of bread. Well, up here, we don't have bread like you have on Earth, but we have tortillas," stated astronaut Shane Kimbrough, Expedition 50 commander, in a video recorded aboard the space station earlier this year. "So we use tortillas a lot for our sandwiches."
The difficulties with developing fresh bread for space are not limited, though, to mitigating the production of crumbs. Bread that is tough and chewy will not produce crumbs but also won't be to most astronauts' tastes.
"This is the biggest challenge," Florian Stukenborg with the research firm TTZ Bremerhaven told New Scientist.
00:23 00:00 / 00:00 Here Are Some of the Strangest Foods Eaten on the International Space Station 00:01:51
Bake In Space is about more than the taste of the bread, but also how psychologically-filling the rolls can be.
"Besides [being] a source for nutrition, the smell of fresh bread evokes memories of general happiness and is an important psychological factor," the project website states. "It is a symbol of recreational time and procedure down on Earth."
Similar dual-purpose goals were associated with Veggie, a plant chamber used to grow fresh produce on the station, and the Italian ISSPresso microgravity coffee maker tested on the orbiting laboratory in 2015.
Related: NASA Astronaut Sets New Record for Americans in Space
Bake In Space, based in Bremen, Germany, is scheduled to launch to the space station during "Horizons," Alexander Gerst's second science mission on the complex as an ESA (European Space Agency) astronaut.
In addition to making bread on the space station, the Bake In Space team is also planning to experiment with creating the batter for sourdough in orbit, which could result in space-born bread going on sale on Earth.
Follow collectSPACE.com on Facebook and on Twitter at @collectSPACE. Copyright 2017 collectSPACE.com. All rights reserved.
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
SE Lithuanian Airports announced (05-Oct-2017) the Lithuanian Government created a new strategic committee, tasked with running the proposed concession of Kaunas International Airport, Palanga International Airport and Vilnius International Airport. As previously reported by CAPA, the Government approved draft guidelines for the concessions in 2016. SE Lithuanian Airports however stated the new committee is examining the "possible development of the new airport in Lithuania" as an alternative to the initial scope of the three airport concession project. The results of the analysis will be announced in a six month period. [more - original PR - English/Lithuanian]
OAKLAND — There was an air of political resistance at the Oakland Marriott City Center on Tuesday, where the fourth annual Cannabis Summit & Expo was being held just after U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions made headlines for a letter they wrote asking Congress to undo federal medical marijuana protections.
Among the most outspoken at the conference was former president of Mexico, Vicente Fox, who delivered a keynote address to a crowd full of cannabis industry businesses, reporters and others at the summit.
“That they are crazy. That they don't know about history. That they don't know what we have built with such a big effort and such sacrifice,” Fox said to a group of reporters before their address when asked about Sessions' request to undo those protections, which are known as the Rohrabacher-Farr amendment and prohibit the use of federal funds to enforce federal law (marijuana is still illegal federally) in states that have legalized marijuana.
“I don't know what has happened with this administration,” Fox continued. “They are totally blind.”
Fox went on to defend the cannabis industry as a “sensible industry” and spoke of the need to decriminalize marijuana — and potentially other drugs — to end the violence associated with drug cartels and the underground drug market between Latin America and the United States.
They spoke critically of the Trump administration's efforts toward what they called “isolationism,” including proposals to build a wall along the United States-Mexico border and limit trade with certain countries. When asked by reporters how they would handle the Trump administration if they were president today, they responded, “How do you treat beasts?”
Aaron Smith, co-founder of the National Cannabis Industry Association, which put on the expo, urged attendees who are in the cannabis industry to unite by networking and stick together in the face of potential crackdowns by the federal government.
“It is imperative, now more than ever, to operate above board … and reach out and connect with the community and be good corporate citizens,” Smith said, adding that they should keep their operations “out in the open and work in solidarity.”
The association is among the most prominent cannabis industry groups in the country, representing 1,300 member businesses. The summit, which is held over the course of three days, featured about 150 speakers in educational programs and an expo floor with hundreds of exhibitors.
The tone on the expo floor Tuesday as cannabis workers and business owners roamed the halls, looking at the latest technology, innovations and business concepts in the industry, was decidedly more optimistic than Fox's words about Trump.
Nate Winokur is a process engineer at Blaze Lab Solutions, a company based in Southern California that sells equipment for oil extraction, a growing facet of the cannabis industry.
“It's happening massively,” Winokur said of that growth. “It's the type of growth that happens with a product that wasn't a commodity before but now is … as if bacon or corn didn't exist and now did.” Increasingly, people and businesses are extracting oils from marijuana plants to infuse into products, from edible treats to medicine.
It was clear on the expo floor that the cannabis industry is no longer just a handful of dispensaries and growers. While those are growing more sophisticated by the day, lots of new businesses have sprung up to meet the needs of the cannabis industry.
That includes everything from security to grow systems to accessories.
Iron Protection Group, founded in 2014, provides a range of security services to cannabis companies, from having security personnel outside grow operations or at dispensaries, to providing transportation of product, to offering training and consultations. The group mostly consists of young war veterans, according to Chris Bowyer, a director at the group and a marine veteran himself.
For many veterans, marijuana is a balm for helping to calm minds after combat, Bowyer said, adding that the company promotes a sense of “brothers helping brothers” in providing jobs to these veterans. And while theft and crime is a “dark side” of the industry, security like the type Iron Protection Group provides is necessary as cannabis businesses grow.
Other businesses are shifting or expanding their models to meet cannabis industry demands where they did not before. LeafLocker is a venture from a company called the Packaging Co., which manufactures folding cartons. LeafLocker makes child-resistant cartons specifically for marijuana products, working with cannabis brands and businesses to customize the packaging for different products, said marketing manager Brad Nelson.
Nelson said the Leaf Locker venture came from seeing a growing need for proper cannabis packaging, which must be child-resistant to meet certain regulations, they said.
The cannabis industry indeed continues to grow, particularly as states like California legalize its recreational use. According to marijuana research publication Marijuana Business Daily, the U.S. cannabis industry's total economic impact is slated to rise 241 percent from $16 billion-$18 billion in 2016 to $48 billion-$68 billion by 2021. Those numbers are based on the formula that each dollar spent by marijuana customers at the retail level generates another $3 in economic benefit through things like industry wages, taxes and the construction and real estate activity for cultivation and dispensary facilities.
AEssense Grows a Sunnyvale-based company, develops aeroponic systems for plant growth that can be controlled automatically, and as the cannabis industry has grown, it has marketed its aetrium systems mostly for marijuana growers. The systems aim to help growers get maximum yield from their crops while also using less water.
Chris Wrenn, vice president for sales for AEssense, said the cannabis industry has provided lots of new opportunities for the company.
“And it's a lot of fun.”
Watch Vicente Fox's keynote address at the Cannabis Business Summit:
This story was first published on Cannifornian.com
