"It just seems that no matter where you go, especially in the Middle East, Iran is behind it. Wherever there's trouble — Yemen, Syria — no matter where you have it, Iran is behind it," Trump said. "And now, unfortunately, Russia is getting more and more involved. But Iran seems behind everything where there's a problem. And we just have to take a look."
ADVERTISEMENT
The man knew that he'd heard something, and the noises were coming from inside the house. When they followed the disturbance to its source, they found a homeless dog hiding under the stairs. Then they saw the gaping wound on its neck and knew that they needed to get help immediately.
If there's a country with no shortage of stray dogs, it's India. In fact, the nation is estimated to have more than anywhere else in the world. In 2015 there were in the region of 30 million of these street dogs, despite to spay and neuter efforts of various charities.
ADVERTISEMENT
There are several reasons for the existence of such large volumes of homeless dogs. For one, the amount of garbage left on the streets ensures that food is plentiful for strays. Another factor is the decline of vultures in India. Fewer vultures mean that more animal carcasses are available to feed street dogs.
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
The Nashville Predators were the cream of the NHL's crop during the regular season but ultimately fell short during the playoffs. That doesn't diminish their regular-season prowess, where many players stepped up. Some Predators deserve to be recognized for their career years, and while they may not win any NHL awards, we should take a moment to highlight them.
Even if the Predators' season ended too soon for people's liking, but let's start the offseason on a positive note. Below is if only Predators players could win NHL awards. All stats below are at even strength unless expressed otherwise.
Selke Trophy
The Frank J. Selke Trophy is awarded to the best defensive forward in the NHL. While centers usually dominate the award, Calle Jarnkrok deserves it despite mostly playing on the wing.
Jarnkrok had the best offensive production of their career with 16 goals and 35 points in 68 games after an upper-body injury ended their season early. Twenty-nine of those points came at even strength as Jarnkrok provided some much-needed secondary scoring. Despite the decent offensive production, Jarnkrok started over 55 percent of zone starts in the defensive zone while consistently matching against second-line talent.
While starting against more talented players in the defensive zone, Jarnkrok produced average possession numbers while giving up the fewest goals of any Predator who played more than 48 games. Their savvy defensive pressure was probably only matched by Austin Watson, although they contributed in different ways.
Watson relied on their brawn while Jarnkrok actively used their positioning to disrupt the opposition in the neutral and defensive zones. Nevertheless, no player is more deserving than Jarnkrok, as their stellar defensive play was more than worth their $2-million cap hit.
Norris Trophy
Defense wins championships, as the cliche goes, but who was the best among the most talented defense core in the NHL? There's only one answer in my mind, and it's P.K. Subban.
Subban is in contention for the actual James Norris Memorial Trophy and is likely to win after they scored 59 points in 82 games this season. That was good for second-best in their career and top 10 in just about every scoring category in the NHL among defensemen. They put up these incredible numbers despite being relied on by head coach Peter Laviolette to eat tough minutes in less ideal situations.
Subban was paired alongside Mattias Ekholm in order to shut down the opposition's best and brightest every night, and the duo looked good in the process. Subban started in the defensive zone over 57 percent of the time, yet put up better numbers than many of the elite defensemen in the NHL.
Guys like John Klingberg, Drew Doughty, and Marc-Edouard Vlasic are extremely deserving of the award, but no one was as good in all three zones as Subban. Their 51-percent Corsi and Fenwick were positive despite playing against some of the best possession -riving players in the game night in and night out. Although their high-danger chance share was negative, Subban ended the year with above-50% goal and high-danger goal differentials.
Subban unfairly received the lion's share of criticism during the regular and postseason. They ate tough minutes yet continued to be one of the most consistent producers on the Predators. The team would be in a giant hole without him, and even someone of Shea Weber's caliber wouldn't be able to do all that Subban does. There's a reason he's likely to be the NHL's Norris winner this season.
Lady Byng Trophy
What does it mean to be a gentlemanly player? I'm quite not sure but I think it refers to penalties, in which case I think Kevin Fiala deserves the award.
While Fiala received 13 minor penalties in all situations this season, they drew a team-leading 28. Fiala was a gentleman on the ice because they played fun and physical hockey while never crossing the line. The Swiss star used their body and threw 34 hits, yet never put another player in the way of serious harm.
I think the best is yet to come from Fiala. Giving them this award is just another way to recognize their coming-out season.
Calder Trophy
The Calder Trophy is given to the best rookie of the year, and you may notice something about the Predators: they don't have any rookies (by traditional definition)! I, therefore, moved the goal posts, and my Calder award will be given to the best breakout player or newest Predator.
Who else deserves it besides Kyle Turris? I have concerns about their play, including their reliance on the power play as well as their lack of a presence in the defensive zone but it's hard to argue that Turris wasn't the best new Predator.
Turris had 42 points in 65 games and did a great job jumpstarting Craig Smith's and Fiala's offense. No one outside of that line had better numbers in terms of Corsi, Fenwick, goals, high-danger chances, and normal scoring chances. This might have to do with the fact that the second line received some heavy sheltering, but it shouldn't discount their success.
While the postseason was a disappointment, Turris was the shot in the arm that the Predators needed during the regular season. Their spot on the second line is confirmed, but I wouldn't be surprised to see Turris take on more of the tough minutes.
Hart Trophy
The Hart Trophy was a heavily-debated award this season as people couldn't decide whether it meant the best player or the player most important to a team's success. I tend to think it's the latter, otherwise Sidney Crosby or Connor McDavid would be the only winners for the next few years. With that in mind, Pekka Rinne was the heart and soul of the Predators this season.
Like Subban, there's a reason that Rinne will likely win the league-wide Vezina Trophy. They were spectacular during the regular season, and the playoffs were an accurate representation of what the regular season would've been like had Rinne not dominated. They sported a .927 save percentage in all situations while being a brick wall at even strength with a .938 save percentage.
These numbers are impressive, but the prettiest came from the high danger areas. The Predators surrendered 491 high danger chances in 59 games but Rinne only gave up 48 goals from the high danger area, good for a save percentage of .902. Those are elite numbers as the average tends to hover around 80%.
Without Rinne, the Predators wouldn't have sniffed the Presidents' Trophy. Every Predator should be happy with their regular season but Rinne deserves the most credit of anyone in the organization.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Unai Emery is ready to make Yacine Adli their first Arsenal signing after the 17-year-old wonderkid knocked back their current club Paris Saint-Germain.
The teenager is set to put pen to paper on a three-year deal, with the option of a further two years, according to Paris United, and will link back up with Emery, who oversaw their early development in France.
The transfer will likely go down well with Arsenal fans, who were waiting in anticipation to see what direction their new Spanish manager was going to take the club.
The move for such a talented youngster is straight out of the Arsene Wenger book of football and suggests the Gunners are staying true to what has made them such a successful club over the years.
(Image: Arsenal FC)
So just who is this Adli chap?
An attacking midfielder, Adli has bags of potential and was elected as Paris Saint-Germain's outstanding youth prospect last season.
The teenager has featured for France at Under-16, Under-17 and Under-18 level, scoring 13 times over 33 caps.
(Image: REUTERS)
Emery's project is believed to have convinced Adli to join the Emirates club and snub PSG's reportedly more lucrative offer to stay in France.
Adli is not convinced by the PSG project, and believes they will have a lot more joy progressing at Arsenal and breaking into the first team.
What's Adli like as a player?
The first thing that will catch your eye is Adli's height.
For an attacking midfield player capable of running at speed with the ball close to their feet, he's extremely tall.
(Image: AFP)
But it works to their favour. On the pitch they look both commanding and in control, and in their element dictating play in the middle of the pitch.
Should a player make a run, he'll spot it and play a through ball to their foot.
If there are no options he'll take a player on, and has the ability to round defenders like cones if need be.
(Image: AFP)
They also know where the back of the net is and should find themselves slotting into Arsenal's first team sooner than you might think.
The youngster is also very ambitious, and after being elected as Paris Saint-Germain's outstanding youth prospect last season, spoke out about their future while showing he's still grounded.
"I don't think these awards have changed my status," they told Goal.
(Image: Arsenal FC/Getty)
"It's payback for the work that I do daily. These are nice distinctions but I can't stop here. Like I say, there's a lot of work to do and I have to look higher."
They added: "I'll take it as it comes. My first goal is to progress and to adapt little by little to the top level. Now, if there's a chance to play, I'll take it."
After coming under fire, Sony Pictures Home Entertainment has revised its “clean version” initiative that allowed viewers to screen edited versions of two dozen of the studio's films. Sony now says it won't sell such movies if editors object.
“Our directors are of paramount importance to us and we want to respect those relationships to the utmost,” said SPHE president Man Jit Singh in a statement on Wednesday. “We believed we had obtained approvals from the filmmakers involved for use of their previously supervised television versions as a value added extra on sales of the full version. But if any of them are unhappy or have reconsidered, we will discontinue it for their films.”
The studio announced earlier this month that it was making the broadcast TV or airline version of 24 movies available when a consumer purchased a film in its original form on iTunes, Vudu, and FandangoNOW. The Directors Guild of America said in a statement on Tuesday that Sony's initiative was in violation of the guild's master contract with the major studios. Director Judd Apatow was among the filmmakers and actors, including Seth Rogen, who voiced outrage, declaring on Twitter: “This is absolute bulls— and Sony and Sony Pictures is gonna get hell for f—ing with our the clean versions up your a–es!”
For its part, Sony has asserted that the program's offerings are pre-existing airline or TV versions of films, which were not edited specifically for this program and are not sold separately. The clean versions are available as extra features only when a customer buys the original theatrical version from one of the select digital retailers.
The films include all five versions of “Spider-Man,” along with “50 First Dates,” “Battle of the Year,” “Big Daddy,” “Captain Phillips,” “Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon,” “Easy A,” “Elysium,” “Ghostbusters,” “Ghostbusters II,” “Goosebumps,” “Grown Ups,” “Grown Ups 2,” “Hancock,” “Inferno,” “Moneyball,” “Pixels,” “Step Brothers,” “Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby, “and “White House Down.”
There are certainly better-looking password managers out there, but in terms of functionality, you can't go wrong with LastPass.
With so many sites, apps and services requiring the use of a password, and our memories being a little limited, there is temptation to either use simple, easy to remember passwords, or keep using the same password over and over again. Both are massive security risks, and LastPass offers itself up as a solution.
It's a great alternative to anyone who is concerned about having their web browser store such information for fear of where it may end up.
LastPass Download here: LastPass Developer: LastPass Operating system: Windows, Mac, Linux, iOS, Android Version: 4
The idea behind the tool is very simple. Rather than having to manually type your passwords for websites, LastPass can do it for you; it even allows you easily log into multiple accounts. All of your login details are saved in a vault, secured with a master password.
The same idea is extended to web forms so you can save yourself from having to manually type your address, credit card details and other common pieces of personal information.
If you don't mind paying $12 (about £10, AU$15) a year, you can upgrade to LastPass Premium. This enables you to use LastPass with applications as well as websites, and grants you access to 1GB of encrypted online storage. For most people, however, the free version of the tool should be more than enough.
User experience
LastPass is available as a browser extension and an app for all platforms and mobile devices, where it integrates very tightly so it really feels like part of the furniture.
When you install it, you can import your saved passwords from your web browser – and then delete them for security – and as you use the web you will be prompted to save any new passwords you enter.
Importantly, passwords can be synchronized between devices. The web-based interface used to edit, manage, share and delete the data you save is slightly clunky, but not enough to be a complete turn-off and the apps offer a much more pleasant experience.
LastPass is also available as a free mobile app, with automatic syncing
Even if you don't want to use it to store your logins, it's worth installing LastPass to run the Security Challenge so you can find out how many of your passwords are weak, and whether any of your email addresses may have been compromised. This might convince you to take security more seriously and to start using the tool.
The latest version of LastPass for Firefox corrects a bug that prevented Autofill working correctly in some circumstances. The newest version of LastPass for Chrome features a new onboarding process, and fixes a bug that stopped icons appearing correctly. For full details, see the LastPass release notes.
The competition
San Francisco: A US appeals court on Monday favoured human over animals in a novel copyright lawsuit filed over a series of entertaining selfies taken by a monkey with a toothy grin. US copyright law does not allow lawsuits that seek to give animals the rights to photographs or other original work, the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals ruled.
Copyright infringement can only be claimed on behalf of humans, the court said.
The unanimous, three-judge panel upheld a lower court ruling that dismissed the lawsuit by the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals against a photographer whose camera was used by a crested macaque to take the photos in 2011.
PETA's 2015 suit against wildlife photographer David Slater sought financial control of the photographs—including a now-famous selfie of the monkey grinning—for the benefit of the animal named Naruto.
Jeff Kerr, general counsel for PETA, said the group was reviewing the opinion and had not decided yet whether it would appeal.
“Naruto should be considered the author and copyright owner, and they shouldn't be treated any differently from any other creator simply because they happen to not be human,” Kerr said.
The problem for Naruto, however, was that copyright law did not “expressly authorise animals to file copyright infringement suits,” 9th Circuit Judge Carlos Bea said in the ruling. The judge said the law reserved that power only for humans.
The court ruled Slater was entitled to attorneys' fees in the case and sent it back to the district court to determine the amount.
Slater, who lives in the United Kingdom, said the attorneys' fees were welcome after the case took a toll financially and emotionally—at one point they contemplated taking up dog walking or tennis coaching to make money.
“I was making no money from photography, which is a difficult industry to begin with,” Slater, 53, said.
They declined to say how much money they have made from the monkey selfies, but called the revenue “embarrassingly low.”
The PETA lawsuit is not the only time in recent years that activists have sought to extend human rights to animals.
Steven Wise, an attorney for the group, Nonhuman Rights Project, has argued in state courts that elephants and chimpanzees should be treated legally as people with a right to liberty.
An appeals court in New York last year rejected a case involving two chimpanzees, saying there was no legal precedent for the animals being considered people, and their cognitive capabilities didn't mean they could be held legally accountable for their actions.
In a separate opinion in the selfie case, 9th Circuit Judge N Randy Smith called PETA's lawsuit “frivolous” and said they would not have ruled on the merits of the copyright claim, but instead would have dismissed the case on other grounds.
Naruto snapped the photos while Slater was on a trip to Sulawesi, Indonesia. Slater later argued that their company, Wildlife Personalities Ltd., owned worldwide commercial rights to the photos.
US District Judge William Orrick said in a ruling in 2016 that “while Congress and the president can extend the protection of law to animals as well as humans, there is no indication that they did so in the Copyright Act.”
PETA appealed that ruling to the 9th Circuit.
Following oral arguments, Slater and PETA announced in September they reached a settlement, under which Slater agreed to donate 25 percent of any future revenue from the images to charities dedicated to protecting crested macaques in Indonesia.
Lawyers then asked the 9th Circuit to dismiss the case and throw out Orrick's decision.
But the appeals court refused, saying a decision in this “developing area of the law” would help guide lower courts and considerable public resources had been spent on the case.
Kerr said Monday the 9th Circuit ruling would not affect the settlement.
More must be done to tackle the "taboo" subject of baby death, a charity has said.
Sands, the stillbirth and neonatal death charity, said that while many members of the public are aware of the pain of baby loss, others still have no idea and it remains a taboo subject.
The charity has launched a new campaign called "15 babies a day", which aims to raise awareness that every day in the UK, 15 babies die, shortly before, during or after birth.
To mark the launch of the campaign, the charity is hanging a washing line with 15 babygrows pegged on it at various London locations.
The charity said progress to reduce the number of baby deaths is too slow.
"The aim of #15babiesaday is to not only highlight the unacceptable fact that 15 babies die before, during and shortly after birth every day in the UK, but also to encourage the public to talk about baby death, which is often a taboo subject," said Sands chief executive Dr Clea Harmer.
"I hope that the washing lines containing 15 babygrows that will be seen in many prominent locations across London and the UK will help provoke debate and discussion as to why do so many babies die and what can be done to reduce this number.
"We are determined to ensure that every bereaved parent gets the care and support they need and deserve."
KENTWOOD, Mich. (WOOD) — Authorities are investigating after a woman threatened violence and demanded money at a Kentwood Islamic center, according officials at the center.
Dispatchers say police were called to the At-Tawheed Islamic Center at 3357 E Paris Avenue at 8:46 a.m. on a report of an armed robbery.
The center's chairperson of the board tells 24 Hour News 8 that the woman demanded money and threatened violence. Kentwood police say the woman said they had a weapon, and talked about “blowing up.”
Kentwood Police Dept. tell us, so far no weapons have been found. Woman said they had a gun and talked about "blowing up". @WOODTV pic.twitter.com/7MRbGL4ZjP — Heather Walker (@_HeatherWalker) January 2, 2017
Kentwood police say the center was locked at the time, and the woman was never inside the building.
A Michigan State Police bomb squad was called in, and a police robot was on-scene checking what appeared to be a purse and jacket outside the center, however Kentwood police say no weapons have been found.
Police say the woman, a Grand Rapids resident in their 30s, was taken to the Kent County jail.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Celebrate the Grand Opening of our Gondola with us! Come for FREE Gondola rides and a FREE BBQ at our Beach Party on the Mountain on Saturday, July 7, 2018! Dress in your swim and beach attire! We will have a kid's waterslide set up in the village and a beach volleyball court. There will also be a beverage garden, snow cones at the summit, games for the whole family, a dunk tank for charity, as well as live music by Andrew Johns. We are also giving away a grand prize of $1000 CASH! Follow us on Facebook, Instagram or Twitter to find out how you can enter. Contest details will be revealed on our social media on June 22, 2018. #PlayYourWay on the mountain to win! SCHEDULE GONDOLA GRAND OPENING. 11:00am Ribbon Cutting for First Gondola Ride FREE Gondola rides 11am to 4pm GAMES AND FUN, 11:00am -- 3:00pm Dunk Tank for Charity Inflatable Waterslide Games in the Village and at the Summit Eurobungy MUSIC, 11:00am - 3:00pm Andrew Johns, 11:00am to 2:00pm Live DJ - Rockit Music Productions, 2:00pm to 3:00pm FOOD, 12:30pm - 3:00pm FREE BBQ Beverage Garden Snow Cones at the Summit SPEECHES & GONDOLA NAMING DEDICATION, 12:45pm CAKE, 1:30pm $1000 CASH CONTEST GIVEAWAY Winner Announced at 2pm
Police have previously found the dismembered remains of at least seven people in large planters at the Leaside home where McArthur worked as a landscaper.
Toronto police investigators are returning to excavate a property on Mallory Cres. linked to Bruce McArthur after cadaver dogs didn't find anything at other locations connected to the alleged serial killer, police said Wednesday.
“The Mallory Cres. property is the one where the dogs indicated that there may be areas we want to dig or excavate,” police spokesperson Meaghan Gray told the Star.
“We've sent our resources out there starting today with assistance from the Centre for Forensic Sciences to begin that dig, and we expect to be there for a few weeks.”
The property had been searched before — planters had been seized and parts of the backyard had been excavated.
Police dogs had searched around 100 other properties in the GTA related to McArthur's landscaping business, but nothing was found.
“It was only the Mallory property that the dogs indicated we should be at,” Gray said.
Keaton Jones, the Tennessee boy whose tearful reaction to bullying was captured on video by their mom, is getting waves of celebrity support after the clips went viral under the hashtag #StandWithKeaton. After shooting into the public eye, however, the family is also dealing with social-media backlash. More on that later. “Just out of curiosity, why do they bully? What's the point of it?” the Knoxville middle-school student asks their mother, who reportedly was picking them up from school early because they were too afraid to go to lunch. “Why do you find joy in taking innocent people and finding a way to be mean to them? It's not OK.” Lakyn Keaton, their sister, helped spread the video Friday, tweeting, “Y'all take a minute to watch this video and let it teach you something.” Though they included a link to a Facebook video posted by their mom, Kimberly Keaton, it appears it has been taken down or at least made private to some degree, possibly in response to criticism of an eyebrow-raising post they put up in August that included the family with Confederate flag. More than a minute of the video can, however, be seen all over the place on social media and elsewhere online.
“They make fun of my nose. They call me ugly. They say I have no friends,” says Keaton, who, according to WTVF in Tennessee, was born with a tumor. Bullies “poured milk on me and put ham down my clothes, threw bread at me,” they said, describing their lunchtime behavior. Still, they say through tears, “I don't like that they do it to me and I for sure don't like that they do it to other people.” That awareness earned them props from Justin Bieber. “The fact that they still have the sympathy and compassion for other people when he's going through it themselves is a testament to who they are,” Bieber said in an Instagram video. “This kid is all-time, he's a legend, go check them out.” In another short video, the “Sorry” singer said, “We're all rooting for you … love ya, buddy.” Snoop Dogg wrote, “Say lil Man U gotta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate.” “People who are different don't need to be criticized about it. It's not their fault,” Keaton said, earning a reply from “Wonder Woman” star Gal Gadot, who wrote, “Different is special. You're beautiful Keaton. Inside and out.”
Pro athletes from Tennessee teams chimed in, including Chandler Parsons of the Memphis Grizzlies and Delanie Walker of the Tennessee Titans, the latter of whom read Keaton a poem by Buddha in a video inviting the boy and their family to a Dec. 31 game against the Jacksonville Jaguars. J.R. Smith of the Cleveland Cavaliers called Keaton's experience a “damn shame” and invited them to a Cavs game when they play in Memphis, which drew a response from LeBron James. “Damn right! Bullies are straight up wack, corny, cowards, chumps, etc, etc!,” James wrote. “Keaton keep your head up buddy and push forward! You're the best.” Later, Smith was challenged to take back their comments after photos of the Jones family posing with the Confederate flag were found on Kimberly Jones' Facebook, with a comment from Keaton's mother speaking out against athletes who were kneeling for the national anthem. Smith replied, “Idc [I don't care] about that it's not ok for people to do that idc what your beliefs are.” At one point Monday, Lakyn Jones found themselves defending their brother against Patricia Arquette, who had been told that Keaton had bullied people over race. In addition to saying their family was not racist, Lakyn said they were not profiting from the newfound attention; they're not soliciting donations and don't have a GoFundMe campaign set up. A GoFundMe campaign that was started by a New Jersey man was suspended Monday afternoon after collecting more than $57,000 in pledges. Joseph Lam told the Wrap they were “more concerned for the kid” than the mother and wanted to help with a fund that would go toward private school or college. John Mayer had an astute assessment of the backlash on Monday. The singer-songwriter called it “a window into how we assess/index/respond to situations and ultimately what we walk away from them thinking.” They closed a long Twitter thread by writing, “Pay attention to what you're thinking about and how you're thinking about it here. The fingerprint we leave on this situation will be the cleanest one we've left all year. How we play this out is who we are.”
All that said, let's get back to the people who took Keaton's side early. They were invited to a couple of movie premieres, courtesy of Hailee Steinfeld, who asked them to be their date Tuesday for “Pitch Perfect 3,” and Chris Evans, who asked them and their mom to attend the “Avengers: Infinity War” debut in May.
The comments from high-profile folks came in droves. A few examples: “Keaton owns my heart,” said comic and “Two Broke Girls” co-creator Whitney Cummings. Millie Bobby Brown retweeted a post from “Suits” actor Patrick J. Adams, who said they were “bullied constantly” while growing up. The 13-year-old “Stranger Things” actor added, “Keaton, this is so accurate. Why do people do this? I think your sooo cool Keaton! I wanna be your friend ( but srsly) ur freakin awesome.”
Dev site has moved
The dev site has been moved to New URL
If you have this bookmarked you should bookmark the new URL. You can do this by clicking the button.
Bookmark new dev
JAY-Z and Blue Ivy
It looks like Blue Ivy Carter might share the same penchant for high-end art as their parents. At the Second Annual Wearable Art Gala in Los Angeles Saturday night, the pint-sized progeny of JAY-Z and Beyoncé was caught on video raising their paddle, thus placing a $17,000 bid on a painting by visual artist Tiffanie Anderson.
Hova, himself, did their best to sweetly pull the paddle from their daughter's grip, but when the camera came back to the family it was still held securely in their hands. “Oh y'all made me come from behind the podium, because Blue was out there bidding,” the auctioneer says. “You gonna do 19?”
You bet they did. JAY-Z looks reluctant about the piece, though it is a pretty striking portrait of a young Sidney Poitier—aptly titled “Young Sidney”—and we're guessing it would look pretty legit alongside their other pieces. Watch the clip below, and take a closer look at the actual painting.
In June, JAY-Z and Beyoncé will kick off their On the Run 2 co-headlining tour. As for Blue Ivy, they recently starred in an animated video of their own.
Uttar Pradesh's massive budget outgo on salaries, pensions and debt servicing, which comes to around 54% of budget spending, makes it very difficult for the state government to find resources to spend on health, or anything else for that matter.After the tragic death of 60 infants in a government hospital in Gorakhpur, News18 looked at budget allocations of India's largest state to fathom why health expenditure was not getting the priority it deserves. The Baba Raghav Das Medical College Hospital in Gorakhpur owed Rs 60 lakh to the company that supplied it bottled oxygen, the Indian Express reported. Seven reminders in the past 6 months to pay up went unheeded.The first thing that catches the eye upon a breakdown of the numbers is that massive expenditure on the salaries and pensions of government employees and servicing debt. The Yogi Adityanath government presented a budget worth Rs 3.84 lakh crore for the fiscal year 2017-18 out of which around Rs 2.07 lakh crore, or 54% is spent on the above mentioned heads, according to a PRS Legislative Research analysis. In budgeting terms, these are considered to be essential, but unproductive expenditure since they do not create new social or economic assets.This means that Uttar Pradesh has only 46% of its stated budget to spend on everything else, including health. Remember, this is India's largest state with more than 200 million people. If it were a separate country, UP would be the fifth most populous in the world.To be fair, the Yogi government increased the health budget by 9% from a year ago. However, Akhilesh Yadav had slashed the health budget by a similar amount in their last year, so the increase this year merely brought it back to parity. This amounts to a little over 4% of the state GDP, which is higher than the national average.However, the big ticket item for UP this year is the farm loan waiver package. Yogi Adityanath allocated a whopping Rs 36,000 crore, the highest in the country. In fact, the Agriculture department budget saw an increase of 813% over last year on account of the package.Interestingly, Rs 3,255 crore, or half a billion dollars, was allocated for construction of toilets under the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan (rural). The Chief Minister in a speech yesterday exhorted people to maintain public hygiene and said that diseases like encephalitis were caused due to open defecation. The government also set a goal of making the state open defecation free by October 2018. So the question arises: What happened to the money allocated to build toilets?Budgeting is the art of choosing to allocate finite resources to unlimited wants. Medical and Public Health was allocated Rs 17,181 crore. However, the highlight of the health budget seems to be augmenting the 108 emergency service with 712 more ambulances.
The JCC Winter Basketball Classic was held Thursday at the JCC Gymnasium in Wilkes-Barre.
The event featured games pitting high school players against college players and college all-stars against senior all-stars.
Here are a few of the best images from the event:
Mouni Roy on working with Akshay Kumar in Gold: 'He is sincere in every shot'
After conquering the TV industry with their acting and dancing skills, Mouni Roy is now all set to make their big debut in Bollywood opposite Akshay Kumar in a film titled Gold. In a recent media interaction, Mouni could not stop praising their co-star and said how they derive inspiration from Akshay.
According to a report by The Indian Express, Mouni said that it has been a great learning experience to work with the fittest actor of Bollywood and they have learned to be disciplined from him.
“(It was) wonderful.  They are so sincere in every shot. First of all, I want to say that you feel so lucky to just stand in the same frame as them and every day on the film set, I have learned something. I have immense love and respect for that man. I am so glad to be a part of the film," they said.
Gold, directed by Reema Kagti and produced by Farhan Akhtar and Ritesh Sidhwani's Excel Entertainment, is a sports biopic. The same report states that Mouni has recently finished shooting for the film and it is reportedly all set to hit the screens on 15 August, 2018. The story of Gold revolves around the life story of hockey player Balbir Singh, who had brought India gold along with their team in the 1948 Olympics.
While addressing the rumors that claimed that actor Surbhi Jyoti has replaced them in the latest series of Naagin, Mouni said to The Indian Express, "I genuinely don't know. I really feel they are a good actor and they will do a great job. I will do everything. I will never leave TV, it's my home. I have said this over and over again. I am very possessive about it."
An occasional visitor to the Quad City Area is back.
On Saturday, a snowy owl was spotted in Whiteside County near Fulton.
The bird is a native of the arctic tundra but will occasionally fly this far south, especially when rodents and other food sources to the north are lacking.
The Illinois Raptor Center website reports that “while not common, a few snowy owls are almost always found during the colder months, especially in northern Illinois.”
When they do appear, they tend to grab attention standing nearly two feet tall with piercing yellow eyes.
Wildlife photographer Jay Wolf snapped the photo appearing with this story after getting a tip from a friend and driving to the sighting location.
“I could not believe it was still there,” Wolf says. “First live one I have ever seen!”
I hope you had a happy Easter.
Southern Manitoba had a little bit of everything weather wise. From thunderstorms early Friday morning, leading into a warm and sunny day, eventually cooling off into Sunday where there were some flurries in some areas.
This week is starting off on a cool note, but it will be the coldest dat of the work week. While temperatures are unlikely to get back to what we experienced Friday, the rest of the week will be warmer.
Early Tuesday morning there's a chance of showers in southern Manitoba but amounts will likely peak around 5 mm close to the U.S. border. South of the border is where the majority of the rain will fall. There's a chance for 20-30 mm in parts of the Red River basin. The impact of this system will be felt more towards northwester Ontario as 10-20 mm is forecast for Tuesday around Lake of the Woods area.
The rest of the week, temperatures should hover around seasonal. The next chance for precipitation is Thursday, which could bring 5 mm of rain.
Friday will likely be the warmest day of the week and unfortunately for the near future. Looking a little further down the road, it looks like temperatures will be cooling off again over the course of the weekend similar to what happened in the last few days.
Cool start to the week in southern Manitoba. Temperatures likely to peak Friday @globalwinnipeg pic.twitter.com/7BL8No0AfZ — Mike Koncan (@MikeKoncan) April 17, 2017
Just in case you were wondering how parts of northern fared over Easter weekend, here are the snowfall totals released Saturday evening by Environment Canada:
Cross Lake: 40 cm
Gods Lake Narrows: 30 cm
Oxford House: 30 cm
Flin Flon: 26 cm
Pukatawagan: 15 cm
A senior North Korean official arrived in New York on Wednesday in the highest-level official visit to the United States in 18 years, as President Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un sought to salvage prospects for a high-stakes nuclear summit.
U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to meet with top North Korean official Kim Yong Chol -- Photos: U.S. Department of State / South Korean Government / KOGL Type 1
Kim Yong Chol, the former military intelligence chief and one of the North Korean leader's closest aides, landed mid-afternoon on an Air China flight from Beijing. Associated Press journalists saw the plane taxi down the tarmac before the North's delegation disembarked at JFK International Airport.
During their unusual visit to the U.S., Kim Yong Chol planned to meet with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, who was traveling up from Washington. Their talks will be aimed at determining whether a meeting between Trump and Kim Jong-un, originally scheduled for June 12 but later canceled by Trump, can be restored, U.S. officials have said.
The talks come as preparations for the highly anticipated summit in Singapore were barreling forward both in the U.S. and in Asia, despite lingering uncertainty about whether it will really occur, and when.
North Korea's flurry of diplomatic activity following a torrid run in nuclear weapons and missile tests in 2017 suggests that Kim Jong-un is eager for sanctions relief to build their economy and the international legitimacy the summit with Trump would provide. But there are lingering doubts on whether Kim will ever fully relinquish their nuclear arsenal, which they may see as their only guarantee of survival in a region surrounded by enemies.
Trump announced that Kim Yong Chol was coming to New York for talks with Pompeo in a tweet on Tuesday in which they said they had a "great team" working on the summit. That was a shift from last week, when Trump announced in an open letter to Kim Jong-un that they had decided to "terminate" the summit following a provocative statement from the North.
Pompeo, Trump's former CIA chief, has traveled to Pyongyang twice in recent weeks for meetings with Kim Jong-un, and has said there is a "shared understanding" between the two sides about what they hope to achieve in talks. South Korean media speculated that Pompeo could make a third trip to Pyongyang and that Kim Yong Chol was carrying a personal letter from Kim Jong-un and might push to travel to Washington to meet with Trump.
North Korea's mission to the United Nations in New York is its sole diplomatic presence in the United States. That suggests Kim might have chosen to first go to New York because it would make it easier for them to communicate with officials in Pyongyang, North Korea's capital. North Korea and the United States are still technically at war and have no diplomatic ties because the 1950-53 Korean War ended with an armistice, not a peace treaty.
Trump views a summit as a legacy-defining opportunity to make the nuclear deal that has evaded others, but they pledged to walk away from the meeting if they believed the North wasn't serious about discussing dismantling its nuclear program.
After the North's combative statements, there was debate inside the Trump administration about whether it marked a real turn to belligerence or a feint to see how far Kim Jong-un could push the U.S. in the lead-up to the talks. Trump had mused that Kim's "attitude" had changed after the North Korean leader's surprise visit to China two weeks ago, suggesting China was pushing Kim away from the table. Trump's letter, the aides said, was designed to pressure the North on the international stage for appearing to have cold feet.
White House officials maintain that Trump was hopeful the North was merely negotiating but that they were prepared for the letter to mark the end of the two-month flirtation. Instead, the officials said, it brought both sides to the table with increasing seriousness, as they work through myriad logistical and policy decisions to keep June 12 a viable option for the summit.
Kim Yong Chol is a vice chairperson of the North Korean ruling party's central committee. The last official of their stature to visit the United States was Jo Myong Rok, the late first vice chairperson of the National Defense Commission, who visited Washington in 2000, South Korea's Unification Ministry said.
The White House emphasized that it has remained in close contact with South Korean and Japanese officials as preparations for the talks continue. Spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Trump will host Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan on June 7 to coordinate their thinking ahead of the summit. Trump hosted South Korean President Moon Jae-in last week.
Moon, who has lobbied hard for nuclear negotiations between Trump and Kim Jong-un, held a surprise meeting with the North Korean leader on Saturday in an effort to keep the summit alive.
___
Lederman reported from Washington and Bodeen from Beijing. Associated Press writers Jill Colvin, Zeke Miller and Catherine Lucey in Washington and Hyung-Jin Kim and Kim Tong-Hyung in Seoul, South Korea, contributed to this report.
It's the first week of demolition and construction of an old mill in Somers after it caught fire in 2012.
The remnants of the old Somersville Mill can be found on Maple Street.
The textile plant was there for about 130 years until it closed in 1969 and then sat vacant until the fire, leaving only a metal skeleton of where the building once stood.
First Selectman Bud Knorr, said that is when the town realized they needed to take over the property to start remediation efforts.
"The first month will basically take down the steel garters, washing them, taking any contaminated material out which we have an environmental consultant helping us with that," said Knorr. "And the second phase will take care of the moving and the balance of the fill."
The process will cost about $2.5 million dollars, which is covered by state grants.
With clearing out the property comes moving about 3,500 tons of material, which means a lot of trucks to carry debris and possibly extra traffic outside of Jessica Cannon-Pinney's home.
"It's kind of concerning because it might cause some traffic, but it's already pretty busy here so I don't know how much of a difference it would make you know? As long as I don't have cars backing up to my driveway," Cannon-Pinney said.
The town's concern is whether or not construction will impact schools that begin on Aug. 30 in Somers.
The answer to that question is unclear for now, but any potential road delays and closures will be posted on the town's website.
As the remediation of the old mill kicks off, some say they will miss looking at it, but have hope for the future.
"It's almost artistic but it's probably definitely time that it goes and I think it'll probably a bittersweet memory that we will remember what it was and hope that they put something there that is beautiful," Lynn Killenbeck, of Somers, said.
Town officials said they will make every effort possible to salvage historical items from this mill. They will be stored at the Department of Public Works.
Governor Seriake Dickson of Bayelsa state on Thursday met behind closed doors with Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers state, at the Bayelsa state Government House, Yenagoa.
The discussions between them were said to have centered on how to foster closer ties between the two states, the forthcoming PDP national convention and the quest by the South South geo political zone to take a shot at the national chairpersonship seat.
Governor Wike, in an interview, said the two of them discussed about how to partner in the areas of political and economic development and also share common ideas that would lead to a united South South region.
According to Wike, “I am not surprised because they were prepared for the office and so you can see the result. You know once you are prepared for an exam, certainly you will pass very well.
What I have seen today has made PDP to be proud, it has made the people of Bayelsa, the Ijaw Nation and the Niger Delta to be proud"
However, Governor Dickson, speaking in an interview, expressed optimism that the relationship between the two states would blossom for the benefit of the people.
"We talked about a whole lot, security and developmental matters within our region and in our respective states. As we progress you will see all of this unfold and we will do so at the regional level in conjunction with all our brother governors,” they said.
By Abby Hassler
A federal judge dropped Taylor Swift from the complaint in a suit filed by radio host David Mueller.
Related: Taylor Swift Takes Stand in Trial Vs Former Denver DJ
Mueller sued Swift in 2015, claiming they were fired after false allegations that they groped the singer at an event in 2013. Swift countersued that same year claiming sexual assault and battery.
“Taylor Swift did not act improperly,” Judge William J. Martínez said in United States District Court in Denver, according to the New York Times. Martínez said Mueller offered, “insufficient evidence Miss Taylor Swift acted improperly when they reported an assault they truly believed happened.”
Despite Swift being dropped from the case, the judge allowed the suit to continue against the other two defendants, Swift's mother, Andrew Swift, and Frank Bell (one of Swift's managers). Swift's countersuit will also continue.
Closing arguments are expected today.
Barcelona have signed Brazilian international midfielder Paulinho from Chinese club Guangzhou Evergrande for 40 million euros ($47 million), the Catalan giants confirmed on Monday.Paulinho becomes Barça's first signing since they banked a world record 222 million euros from Neymar's move to Paris Saint-Germain."Barcelona and Guangzhou Evergrande have reached an agreement for the transfer of the player Paulinho Bezerra for 40 million euros," Barça said in a statement.Barcelona have agreed a deal with Guangzhou Evergrande to sign midfielder Paulinho for 40 million euros, the Spanish club announced on Monday.The 29-year-old Brazilian will sign a four-year contract with a 120 million euro release clauses, undertaking medical tests on Thursday before being presented at Camp Nou.Paulinho is Barcelona's first signing since selling Neymar to Paris St Germain for a world record 222 million euros.The midfielder failed to make an impact in the Premier League with Tottenham after joining from Corinthians and departed to Guangzhou Evergrande in 2015.While in the Chinese top flight Paulinho found their best form, scoring 25 goals in 95 games for Guangzhou, earning a recall to the Brazilian national side.
US President Donald Trump praised Kim Jong-un as "very open" and "very honorable" on Tuesday, adding the North Korean leader wants to meet "as soon as possible."
'We are having very good discussions," Trump said, ahead of a summit with the mercurial Kim expected sometime before the end of June. "He really has been very open, I think -- very honorable."
Trump previously claimed North Korea has agreed to "denuclearization" before their potential meeting with Kim Jong-un. But that's not the case.
North Korea said Friday it would suspend nuclear tests and intercontinental ballistic missile launches ahead of summits with the U.S. and South Korea. Kim also said a nuclear test site would be closed and "dismantled" now that the country has learned how to make nuclear weapons and mount warheads on ballistic rockets.
But the North has stopped short of saying it has any intention of abandoning its nuclear arsenal, with Kim making clear that nukes remain a "treasured sword."
In today's film news roundup, Denis O'Hare joins the cast of Mindy Kaling's “Late Night,” Global Road and Participant make executive hires and the Mammoth Lakes Film Festival unveils its lineup.
CASTINGS
30West and FilmNation Entertainment have cast Denis O'Hare, John Early, Max Casella and Megalyn Echikunwoke for Mindy Kaling's comedy “Late Night,” directed by Nisha Ganatra.
The film also stars Kaling, Emma Thompson, John Lithgow, Hugh Dancy, Reid Scott and Paul Walter Hauser. 30West and FilmNation Entertainment are financing. Kaling wrote the script and is also producing with Howard Klein, alongside Imperative Entertainment and FilmNation Entertainment, which are also handling international sales. 30West and CAA are handling US rights.
Thompson plays a late-night talk show host at risk of losing their long-running show right, when they hire their first female writer (Kaling) who revitalizes their show and their life. Principal photography has commenced in New York.
O'Hare is currently in production on John Crowley's “The Goldfinch” with Nicole Kidman, Ansel Elgort, Finn Wolfhard and Sarah Paulson, for Warner Bros. Early is in the cast of “Search Party” on TBS.
Related John Lithgow, Hugh Dancy to Star in Mindy Kaling's Comedy 'Late Night' Mindy Kaling on the Difference in Writing for a 'White Male Lead' on 'Champions'
DEALS
Seoul-based movie tech firm CJ 4DPlex has expanded its partnership with exhibitor Cineworld Group to grow the platform of theaters offering its 4DX immersive technology format. The pact calls for the Seoul-based firm to add 79 Regal theaters in the U.S. and 20 Cineworld and Cinema City locations in Europe and the Middle East. The 4DX format debuted in 2009.
“Cineworld continues to be an excellent partner and by further adopting 4DX at even more locations in the U.S., it shows that the company has a commitment to bringing its patrons the most advance cinema experience possible,” said Byung Hwan Choi, CEO of CJ 4DPlex.
EXECUTIVE APPOINTMENTS
Global Road Entertainment has named Jun Oh as the company's president of business and legal Affairs. They will report to Rob Friedman, CEO and chairperson of Global Road Entertainment, who made the announcement Tuesday.
“Jun is an extraordinary executive with a diverse background in business affairs having worked with some of the largest globally recognized film studios and we are happy that they join our burgeoning worldwide team,” said Friedman. “His wealth of experience will be invaluable as we pursue our ambitious production and distribution plans.”
Oh joins Global Road from Warner Bros. Pictures, where they previously served as senior VP of business affairs and oversaw deal negotiations covering all aspects of development and production in connection with theatrical motion pictures including acquisition, finance, distribution, rights and various overall agreements for talent and filmmakers. Oh oversaw Christopher Nolan's movies during their tenure and most recently they worked on the studio's DC Comics film franchises, “Ocean's 8” and “Crazy Rich Asians.”
*****
Participant Media has named Elaine Chin to the role of senior VP of narrative film.
They will report to Jonathan King, president of narrative film and television. Chin will help manage the development and production of the company's slate of original narrative films.
Chin most recently served as VP of China production for Walt Disney Studios. They supervised the studio's film development and production initiative for the China market and produced Mandarin language romantic comedy “The Dreaming Man.” Previously, they were president of production for director Justin Lin's company Barnstorm Pictures under its first-look deal with Universal Pictures.
FILM FESTIVAL
The Mammoth Lakes Film Festival will open its fourth iteration on May 23 with “Damsel,” starring Robert Pattinson and Mia Wasikowska in a comedic homage to classic Westerns.
The Magnolia Pictures title is directed and written by David Zellner and Nathan Zellner.
The festival will close with the documentary film “Love, Gilda” on May 27. The film was the opening night movie at the Tribeca Film Festival and includes interviews with Chevy Chase, Lorne Michaels, Laraine Newman, Paul Shaffer, Bill Hader, Melissa McCarthy, Amy Poehler, Maya Rudolph and Cecily Strong. The CNN Films title is directed by Lisa D'Apolito
'Florida Project' Turns A Decrepit Corner Of Orlando Into A Cinematic Playground
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of A24 Courtesy of A24
You had to wonder how director Sean Baker would follow up their shot-on-an-iPhone, transgender-prostitute comedy Tangerine if they ever got a hold of enough cash to pay for a star and a Steadicam. Their extraordinary, almost-homeless-family dramedy, The Florida Project, provides the exhilarating answer.
It's set in a pastel Orlando that feels spiritually far removed from all things Disney — call it a "less magical kingdom." This sun-baked, off-ramp wasteland boasts brightly colored motels with knock-off mouse house names like Futureland Inn and Magic Castle. Built decades ago for budget-minded tourists, they're now filled with itinerant families who pay $35 a night to live in purple-stuccoed splendor.
These surroundings may be dreary for the adults who live there, but for 6-year-old Moonee (Brooklynn Prince) and their buddies Scooty (Christopher Rivera) and Jancey (Valeria Cotto), they're just the place to run wild — really, wild — without the benefit of Mickey, Goofy and other theme park mascots. Who needs organized attractions when you have sunshine, pals and all the time in the world?
Moonee is their little gang's irrepressible ringleader — champion windshield spitter, ice cream grifter extraordinaire, leader of expeditions to bring dead fish back to life in the motel pool. She's adorably unstoppable.
Moonee's mom, Halley (Bria Vinaite), seems barely more mature than their daughter. They have green-streaked hair and is unable to hold a job even at the local strip club. She's not really cut out to be a mother, though they make a general stab at being responsible by selling perfume (and sometimes their body) to tourists so they can pay their rent.
Halley means well, even if they can't follow through. That's enough to bring out the parental side of the Magic Castle's curmudgeonly, long-suffering resident manager (Willem Dafoe), who rides herd over unruly tenants — and the occasional wayward egret — with almost alarming finesse.
This is Vinaite's acting debut, and a striking one at that. Director Sean Baker found them on Instagram — they were following their account to show actors the qualities they wanted in the character. When they couldn't find those qualities with established actors, they asked if Vinaite wanted to audition. They turned out to be a fascinating find — a fine complement to Prince's tiny dynamo, who has the whole film riding on their tiny shoulders for quite a while.
The Florida Project takes its title from the Disney organization's in-house name for Disney World when it was still just a stack of blueprints on Uncle Walt's desk in California. But there's an unspoken irony in calling the film The Florida Project, since the motels Moonee plays in have themselves devolved into housing projects.
That makes them fertile ground for Baker, whose reputation-making Tangerine took place in an equally down-at-heels neighborhood in Los Angeles two years ago. Happily, the director's aesthetic hasn't been wrecked by theirs now having the money to pay for 35 mm cameras. Everything that was wonderful last time is even better here, from first-time performers who light up the screen to dialogue that is profane and very funny for a while, then turns resonant and wrenching.
Baker has imbued this whole terrific movie with a child's sense of discovery — the sort that can turn a decrepit, pastel corner of Orlando into a vibrant cinematic playground.
Paris Jackson admitted they made a hasty exit from a Christian Dior fashion show last week because they didn't approve of the brand's use of animals in their presentation.
“To be clear, I did not ‘storm out' of the show,” Jackson, 20, tweeted Tuesday. “I quietly got up and walked out trying my hardest to not cause a scene, because I do not support animals being branded and whipped. Not trying to become enemies in the fashion world in any way, but I will always be myself.”
Sources previously told Page Six that the late King of Pop‘s It Girl daughter left in a huff after seeing the first model hit the catwalk and went outside to prance around in rain puddles outside.
The show reportedly featured a re-creation of a “Mexican rodeo with all-female riders performing daredevil stunts,” which insiders told us offended the starlet.
Related Video 1:09 Paris Jackson refused to sit by and watch Dior's horse show
Divorce may be in our D.N.A.
Past studies have implied that divorce runs in families because children of divorced parents don't learn how to manage conflict and commitment. But researchers at Virginia Commonwealth University suggest genetics play a much larger role.
They found people who were adopted had a divorce history that resembled their biological, not adoptive, parents and siblings.
Experts said these findings could help therapists focus on basic personality traits genetically linked to divorce.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan will be sworn in next week, starting their term as Turkey's first president with executive powers, while the new cabinet will also be announced the same day.
Details regarding the switch to the presidential system, which was adopted in a referendum on April 16, 2017, emerged Wednesday. Accordingly, Erdoğan will attend the oath-taking ceremony in Parliament on Monday at 4:00 p.m. local time. Erdoğan will then attend a ceremony on the switch to the presidential system at the Beştepe Presidential Palace Complex in Ankara.
The new presidential cabinet will also be revealed Monday afternoon.
Meanwhile, the first decree transferring some executive powers to President Erdoğan was issued Wednesday in line with Turkey's move to a presidential system from a parliamentary one brought about by last month's presidential and parliamentary elections.
The decree, issued in the country's Official Gazette, brought about changes in some 5,000 laws dating from 1924 to 2017 changing references to the prime minister and cabinet of ministers to the president and the president's office.
The Turkish electorate approved switching from the parliamentary cabinet system to an executive presidency – proposed by the ruling Justice and Development Party (AK Party) and backed by the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP) – in a narrowly-decided referendum on April 16, 2017, with 51.4 percent of the votes.
Though the new system was scheduled to kick in after the elections in November 2019, the early elections led to the swift shift to the new system.
In the June 24 elections, the AK Party formed the People's Alliance with the MHP. As a result of the elections, the AK Party had 42.5 percent of the votes, losing the majority in Parliament. The MHP received 11.1 percent of the vote, pushing the People's Alliance to 53.6 percent. While the People's Alliance received 344 parliamentary seats, of which 295 are AK Party deputies, the Nation Alliance, which was formed by the Republican People's Party (CHP), the Good Party (IP) and the Felicity Party (SP), received 189 seats in Parliament. The Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) also took 67 seats in the parliament with 11.7 percent of the votes.
When President Erdoğan is sworn in, a decree law establishing 16 ministries will be published. They will also announce the new cabinet following the establishment of the ministries.
In a sign of a more streamlined governance, the number of ministers who will be appointed by the president will decrease from 21 to 16. The ministries will not be removed; rather they will be combined, with the Foreign Ministry and European Union Ministry united under a single portfolio.
The same is true for the Customs and Trade Ministry and Economy Ministry, the Ministry of Labor and Social Security, the Ministry of Family and Social Policies, the Ministry of Food, Agriculture and Livestock, the Ministry of Forestry and Water Affairs, the Ministry of Development and the Ministry of Science, Industry, and Technology.
Vincent Bolloré has been arrested as part of an investigation into corruption allegations in West Africa, according to reports.
The 66-year-old was detained in Nanterre, near Paris, as officials probe claims that advertising group Havas, a subsidiary of Bolloré Group at the time, did work involving political campaigns in Guinea and Togo at below-market prices. The campaigns allegedly helped two African presidents win power.
Havas is accused of providing communications advice to the presidents at a low cost. After the Guinea election, president Alpha Condé terminated a contract with the then-operator of Conarkry port. It was handed to Bolloré Africa Logistics.
Bolloré Group denies the allegations.
The arrest comes days after they stepped down as chairperson of media group Vivendi. On Thursday, they announced that their son, Yannick, will take the reins.
Last year, Vivendi bought 60 percent of Havas.
The $10.05-a-share deal for Havas valued the Bollore Group's 60 percent stake in the ad group at over $2.5 billion.
At the time, it valued Havas at $4.2 billion based on Vivendi's offer of an 8.8 percent premium over the value of the shares.
Havas said part of the motivation for a sale was that it was "threatened by increasing competition from companies coming from other sectors."
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening 9 point lower at 7,481.7 on Friday, according to financial bookmakers. * ASTRAZENECA: Array BioPharma Inc on Thursday sued AstraZeneca , accusing the pharmaceutical company of refusing to pay required royalties for a cancer drug after entering into an $8.5 billion collaboration with Merck & Co. * PROVIDENT FINANCIAL: British lender Provident Financial Plc will appoint its interim executive chairperson, Malcolm Le May, as the company's new chief executive, Sky News reported on Thursday. * IWG: Canadian private equity firm Onex Corp and Brookfield Asset Management said on Thursday they do not intend to make an offer for IWG Plc, sending shares of the British serviced office provider down more than 20 percent. * BRITAIN INTEREST RATE: After waiting for over 10 years for a Bank of England (BoE) interest rate increase, investors are increasingly expecting another one to come along soon. * OIL: Oil rose for a third day on Friday after a survey showed strong compliance with output cuts by OPEC and others including Russia, offsetting concerns about surging U.S. production. * GOLD: Gold prices edged down on Friday ahead of U.S. jobs data later in the day, with traders looking for any implications for the outlook for U.S. monetary policy over the rest of the year. * The UK blue chip index fell 0.6 percent to a six-week low on Thursday, after Vodafone posted a disappointing trading update and dragged British shares into a third day of losses as outsourcing firms failed to recover after Capita's profit warning during the previous session. * For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets * UK CORPORATE DIARY: AstraZeneca PLC Full Year BT Group PLC Q3 Vedanta Resources PLC Q3 Gem Diamonds Ltd Q4 TODAY'S UK PAPERS > Financial Times > Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Noor Zainab Hussain in Bengaluru)
The Coalition of Wives of Presidents and Vice Presidents in Africa for Peace (COWAP) has honoured Nigerian international humanitarian organisation, Jose Foundation for its efforts and philanthropic activities in championing the cause of women and children in ending extreme poverty in Africa.
The award was given to the humanitarian organisation at COWAP Innovation Gala and Award Ceremony held in Abuja.
The event was part of the maiden edition of the COWAP Summit which brought together a thriving community of both current and past female Presidents, wives of Presidents and Vice Presidents in Africa to brainstorm on ideas that create sustainable peace and development in the continent.
Announcing the award, project lead, COWAP, Meshack-Hart Kalada .B., said Jose Foundation was selected for the honour in recognition of the “Foundation's selfless community service especially towards supporting innovative, impactful and lasting initiatives in low income countries that promote women's economic and social development that is closely aligned with COWAP's global development goal of putting an end to poverty in all its forms everywhere”.
COWAP particularly commended the founder of Jose Foundation, Prince Dr. Martins Abhulimhen, for emerging as this year's overall “CHAMPION in the ‘Ending Extreme Poverty Category' of awards given”.
Receiving the award on behalf of the Foundation, country director, Jose Foundation, Dr. Eunice Ameh-Pius, while thanking the wives of African leaders said the Foundation is passionate on matters of child sexual exploitation and are committed to put an end to the scourge in Nigeria.
“The award will propel us to do more for the good of women, children and the vulnerable in the society.
“We are also planning a workshop on child sexual exploitation scheduled for June 11-14 in Abuja to sensitise stakeholders on how to deal with issues concerning CSE and we hope all of you will grace the occasion for the sake of the future of our children,” they said.
Jose Foundation was founded in 2003 by Prince Dr, Martins Abhulimhen and guided by the principle of excellence, pioneering and generosity true to its founder.
The Foundation strives to foster positive change and enable people to live a meaningful and fulfilling life in a more equitable and safer environment.
It has taken its advocacy against child sexual abuse and child labour to several places including IDPs camps, sports centers, government ministries, homes of celebrities and international organisations including the United Nations all in a bit to end sexual exploitation of minors and women.
It's not a new thing. We've been paying high prices to live in tiny places in the Bay Area for quite some time now. The news here is that San Francisco property owners are adding these accessory dwelling units (ADUs) at an ever-increasing rate.
San Francisco is adding 1,000 new mini-apartments out of old boiler rooms and basements: 220 sq feet for $2,400 a month https://t.co/nIe6LFIePa — Mike Rosenberg (@ByRosenberg) December 11, 2017
Currently, there's 1,046 more of these units that are ready for you to live in with more than half of them already approved for building permits.
Property owners are turning things like boiler rooms, former dining halls, basements, garages and whatever somewhat inhabitable spaces they can find into tiny apartments. One complex in lower Nob Hill is creating seven units between 220 & 381 square feet that will be available for rent at $2,400-$2,800 a month.
We guess they're an improvement over the $500-a month 28 sq. ft. pod this guy lives in.
As of November 2017 that average rent for a one-bedroom apartment in SF was $3,354 a month. So, if you're looking for a bright side these ADUs will be cheaper. They're already prevalent in the Sunset, Noe Valley, the Richmond, and most SF neighborhoods & we'll likely continue to see more get developed in the near future.
Head to SF Gate for more.
Laval police were out on Wednesday morning to teach motorists about the impacts of speeding.
In an effort to scare people into slowing down, the parking lot of the Chomedey Club Entrepot on Curé-Labelle Boulevard, was turned into a mock car accident.
Officers simulated a high-velocity crash and then pulled over speeding drivers to bring them to the scene.
Firefighters were there with hydraulic rescue tools, or the jaws of life, prying doors open of a car with a smashed windshield and a battered roof.
Firefighters even have the Jaws of life out, demonstrating how they pry mangled cars open after a high speed accident. pic.twitter.com/cfzJVqZshZ — Dan Spector (@danspector) June 14, 2017
There was even a real-life trauma victim there to speak with the speeding motorists as a means of prevention.
Nicholas Terresco, a victim of a motorcycle crash caused by speeding, was there to share their story. The crash left them with a brain injury and took away their ability to walk.
Terresco said it was a day that changed their lives, but they hope others can learn from their mistake.
“When they hear me tell them that, they think, ‘Oh, it can happen to me too.'”
The location Laval police chose for the initiative is mixed in terms of the types of people sharing the street at once.
“On Curé-Labelle there are a lot of cars, a lot of pedestrians and a lot of bikes”, Jean-Francois Rousselle, a traffic inspector for Laval police, said.
READ MORE: Mock drunk driving crash scares students straight at Royal West Academy
The initiative created in partnership with the fire department of Laval, Urgences-santé, Quebec Association for people with traumatic brain injury and the Quebec automobile insurance board (SAAQ) and has become a annual event.
“You definitely don't want to be in a situation like this,” one driver who was pulled over said.
“It makes you think twice when you get behind the wheel of a car, what the repercussions can be.”
In Quebec, the cause of injury and death following a motor-vehicle collision is most often related to speed, Laval police wrote in a press release.
“It's not fiction, it can happen,” Rousselle said. “That is the message.”
The U.S. Army is looking to protect a rare, endangered bird on Oahu.
The Oahu elepaio, a native flycatcher, makes its home in the mountains above the Schofield training range and is found nowhere else in the world.
At just over five inches, the Oahu elepaio is small enough to fit in the palm of a hand, and yet the curious, feisty bird was a guardian spirit to Hawaiian canoe makers, helping them judge the quality of koa trees for potential canoes.
Today, this once thriving and treasured species is struggling to simply survive. Biologists estimate just over 1,200 Oahu elepaio exist, and their population is continuing to decrease due to low reproductive success and adult survival.
The Army says that's due largely to invasive rats, which can climb trees and prey on elepaio eggs, chicks, and roosting adults.
A single rat and its offspring can produce more than a thousand hungry rats per year. In comparison, the elepaio lays an average of one to two eggs year.
The Army monitors a number of elepaio pairs and supports them with rodent control as a means of offsetting any potential harm military training could cause.
“We've been working with the elepaio since the '90s,” said Kapua Kawelo, Natural Resources program manager, U.S. Army Garrison-Hawaii. “Over the years we've used bait stations, snap traps, and more recently, gas-powered, self-resetting traps.
“Unfortunately, these strategies haven't been as effective as we want. We aren't able to cover a large enough area due to severe terrain and limited access. As a result, the rat population is still rising,” Kawelo said.
The Army is looking into innovative solutions like rat birth control to limit population growth, but these solutions still need to be tested and proven effective.
In the meantime, the Army is proposing to conduct a broad-scale application of rodenticide in an area where it manages its largest number of elepaio pairs.
The management area is enclosed by fencing and is located in the Waianae Mountains above the Schofield training range.
“It's a good area for a project like this because it's fenced to keep pigs and goats out, and it's not open to the public or service members,” Kawelo said.
Kawelo adds that the project would also benefit other native species rats prey on in the management area, such as the endangered Kahuli tree snail and plants like the endangered haha and mehamehame.
The proposed project would involve dispersing penny-sized rodenticide pellets in the fenced management unit prior to elepaio nesting season using a helicopter and specialized dispersal bucket.
The pellets contain .005% diphacinone and are approved for this type of conservation use by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the Hawaii Department of Agriculture. Multiple measures would be put in place to safeguard health and safety, to include creating no-drop buffer zones around areas with surface waters, like streams; scheduling operations so they don't occur during forecasted heavy rains; using only licensed applicators; and close monitoring to gauge effectiveness and impacts.
The Army has prepared a supplemental environmental assessment (EA) that analyzes whether the broad-scale application would cause significant environmental effects. Based on that analysis, the Army has also prepared a draft Finding of No Significant Impact (FNSI). The Army will not make a final decision on whether to proceed with the proposed action until after the public's review.
The public can review the supplemental EA and comment on the draft FNSI during a 30-day public comment period, which runs now through Sept. 7.
The documents are available online here. Printed copies are available upon request and at the Hawaii State Library, Wahiawa Public Library, Waialua Public Library and Waianae Public Library.
Comments can be emailed to usaghi.pao.comrel@us.army.mil or mailed to: USAG-HI DPW Environmental Division, 947 Wright Ave., Wheeler Army Airfield, Schofield Barracks, HI 96857.
Free Price Quote From a Local Dealer Free Price Quote From a View Special Offers
No Obligation, Fast & Simple Free New Car Quote Change Car Select Make Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Ford Genesis GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Karma Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Scion smart Subaru Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select Model Model 3 Model S Model X Roadster GO 1. Vehicle Option Trim Exterior Color No Preference Black Blue Brown Gold Green Orange Red Silver White Yellow Interior Color No Preference Beige Black Blue Gray Green Other Red White Buying Time Frame Within 48 hours Within a week Within two weeks Within a month More than a month Payment Method Undecided Loan Lease Cash Trade In? Yes No 3. Dealer Selection Receive your free dealer pricing information by completing your contact information!
First the Fast & Furious 9 release date gets pushed back to 2020 — and now this. If you are waiting breathlessly to see the Tesla Semi truck in the flesh, the wait just got longer. And if you are waiting for your Model 3 to arrive, let's just say it may be a really l-o-n-g wait.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk announced another setback from “production hell.”
“Tesla Semi unveil now Nov 16,” they announced via Twitter on Friday.
Basically, what Musk is facing is a traffic jam. Fixing the Model 3 is holding up the Semi. And their efforts to supply battery power to hurricane victims are also slowing things down.
As they noted on Twitter: “Diverting resources to fix Model 3 bottlenecks & increase battery production for Puerto Rico & other affected areas.”
Tesla Semi unveil now Nov 16. Diverting resources to fix Model 3 bottlenecks & increase battery production for Puerto Rico & other affected areas. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) October 6, 2017
Supplying battery power for Puerto Ricans after Hurricane Maria knocked out all of its power is commendable. And since Mercedes-Benz and Cummins already beat Tesla to the punch by showing off their new all-electric trucks, what's the rush really?
The real news is the “production bottlenecks” that have limited the number of Model 3s that have been made — only 260 instead of the 1,500 that were promised.
According to a recent report in The Wall Street Journal, part of the problem stems from the fact that “major portions of the Model 3 were still being banged out by hand, away from the automated production line” as recently as last month.
And it gets even worse.
“In place of the robots…you've got two associates lining up with a big, old spot welder hanging from the ceiling by a chain, and you've got one associate kind of like balancing it and trying to get the welder in position, and you've got another welder with their arm guiding it,” the paper reported, adding: “Sparks go flying.”
No wonder those employees want a union. But, still, things aren't all bad for Musk.
SpaceX Mars plans are on target and the company's BFR (Big F… Rockets) will be able to take us anywhere on Earth in less than 60 minutes—someday. And who'll need electric cars and trucks when we have interplanetary rockets?
Until then, we'll just have to wait a little more.
Source: Elon Musk via Twitter
(Recasts with dividend comment)
HELSINKI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Finnish utility Fortum , which has made an 8 billion euro ($10 billion) takeover offer for Germany's Uniper, on Friday proposed a larger than expected dividend and said it aims to avoid any reductions in future payouts.
State-controlled Fortum last year secured a deal with E.ON to buy its 46.65 percent stake in Uniper and then launched a full bid under German takeover rules.
Reporting full-year results on Friday, Fortum proposed an annual dividend of 1.10 euros per share, unchanged from last year and above analysts' average forecast for 0.95 euros.
“Our ambition is to pay a stable, sustainable and increasing dividend now and in the future, and given the prevailing market conditions, our goal is to avoid a temporary dividend cut,” CEO Pekka Lundmark said.
Inderes Equity Research analyst Petri Gostowski, who has a “reduce” rating on the stock, said that dividend prospects had been a concern and the company's message would “please the market”.
Fortum shares were up 4.3 percent by 0853 GMT.
The company also reported quarterly profit up 57 percent year on year, citing higher power prices, good hydropower volumes and recent acquisitions.
CEO Lundmark added that they see plenty of win-win opportunities for co-operation with Uniper in the future.
Including E.ON's stake, shareholders in Uniper have so far tendered only 46.93 percent of shares to Fortum.
“We have entered into talks with Uniper to formalise the relationship between our companies after the transaction is finalised. We truly see our investment as a win-win for all involved,” Lundmark said.
Uniper considers the bid as hostile and too low. The offer expires on Feb. 7. ($1 = 0.7992 euros) (Reporting by Jussi Rosendahl; Editing by David Goodman)
Jack Roberts, executive director of MHSAA for 32 years, to retire in August
John E. “Jack” Roberts, who has been executive cirector of the Michigan High School Athletic Association since the fall of 1986, will retire in August.
Roberts will conclude their tenure as the second-longest serving full-time executive director during the MHSAA's 94-year history.  They are the fourth person to serve in that role full-time. Roberts is also the nation's longest-serving current executive director of a state high school athletic association.
“I don't think anybody could have been luckier than I to enjoy their work so much and to enjoy the people they worked with so much,” Roberts said. “It has been a blessing to be able to bring my passions to work every day and be able to act on my convictions. I don't think anybody could ever feel more called to a job than I did. In fact, this wasn't a job at the MHSAA. The MHSAA was my purpose for these three decades.”
Under Roberts, participation in high school athletics in Michigan has increased 10 percent, and the MHSAA has added more than 200 schools in increasing its membership by more than 15 percent at the high school and junior high/middle school levels combined.
Roberts has overseen the addition of girls competitive cheer, girls and boys bowling and girls and boys lacrosse to the tournament sport lineup; the creation of a separate wrestling tournament to determine champions by team format; and eight-player football as many small schools across the state began having trouble fielding 11-player teams because of enrollment and population decreases.
The MHSAA has led nationally in concussion care with its first programming in 2000 and return-to-play protocols enacted in 2010, and with concussion pilot testing, mandated reporting and insurance for those who suffer head injuries begun in 2015.
The MHSAA's Women in Sports Leadership Conference was created in 1989 and remains the largest and longest-running program of its type in the country, regularly drawing more than 500 participants. The first of the now-annual Sportsmanship Summits was held in 1997, and Michigan remains a national leader in student services thanks to a variety of programs that have been introduced over the last three decades.
“We have accomplished a great deal over 32 years, but there is very much more to do – and it will always be that way,” Roberts said. “People ask me if I have any regrets, and I don't have many. But two come to mind right now.
“I regret that I didn't spend more time writing notes to the folks I've been serving at the local level who work so hard delivering the program every day, every week, every season, every year to the young people that we serve. I wish I'd done more of that – that encouraging word to people in the trenches doing the work.
“And I suppose the second regret is that in spite of everything that we've done, there's still a lot more to do to keep school sports as safe, sane and sportsmanlike as it ought to be – as it must be for schools to continue to sponsor these programs. You see, school sports done right brings help and hope to parents and to schools who are trying as hard as they can to raise up and educate kids in very, very scary times. School sports helps parents and helps schools bring stability and engagement into young people's lives that can provide them life lessons and turn some good athletes into great citizens down the road.”
Roberts previously served as an assistant director for the National Federation from 1973-80. They came to the MHSAA in 1986 from the Fellowship of Christian Athletes, which they served as executive vice president. During the last 45 years, Roberts has spoken to education, business and civic groups in nearly every state and five Canadian provinces and is considered one of the nation's most articulate advocates for educational athletics.
"We have always felt that we had the best Executive Director in the United States. What he's done for interscholastic athletics in Michigan is incredible," said Representative Council President Scott Grimes, who is assistant superintendent of human services for Grand Haven Area Public Schools.
"Jack has always had student-athletes' best interests in mind when making all decisions, and he's had tough decisions to make. We certainly will miss their leadership in our state," Grimes added.
Facility offers options for supportive services up to memory care
By Jason Arndt
Staff Writer
Within the first week of opening its doors, Oak Park Place of Burlington has already welcomed five new residents into the memory care and assisted living facility, officials report.
Oak Park Place, which broke ground locally in February 2016, is a Madison-based company with six other facilities in Wisconsin, Iowa and Minnesota.
Before the company started admitting residents, it hosted an open house March 30, when hundreds reportedly showed up to tour the two-story complex.
The visitors, according to Director of Housing Maryellen Olson, have shown support for the facility.
“(There was) a lot of interest from the community, at our open house,” said Olson, who formed an estimate from questions submitted by visitors. “We had between 500 to 600 people come here.”
The open house, Olson said, helped the new facility receive its first two residents with more scheduled to come.
“A couple days after the open house is when we were fortunate to have our first residents come to us,” said Olson, who anticipated three more this week.
Facility offerings
Clients looking to stay independent, but need routine supportive care or help with daily activities can choose from a variety of apartment housing options.
Director of Sales and Marketing Stacy Lemley said the facility is licensed as both a Residential Care Adult Community and a Community Based Residential Facility – distinctions that depend on the hours of care needed.
For the traditional RCAC package, clients receive up to 28 hours of care per week, or four hours daily.
The enhanced CBRF provided on the second floor is suitable for clients who need more than 28 hours a week, Lemley said.
“It is more for people or residents that have maybe, Parkinson's disease, or physical disabilities,” they said. “They might be wheelchair bound, unable to help themselves with their activities of daily living.”
Activities of daily living are basic tasks, including bathing, transferring, dressing and toileting.
Although there is a difference in hours of care, all residents have the same options for apartment size: a studio, one-bedroom or two-bedroom apartment.
“We have had a high interest in the two-bedroom, whether it's for a single female, a single male or couples,” Lemley said. “The two-bedroom has been our most popular inquiry.”
Along with apartment housing, clients with memory loss conditions can receive specialized levels of help in the memory care unit, which offers daily activities to encourage a healthy routine.
Fees vary based on client needs, said Olson, whose facility primarily accepts private payees.
Census growth
As residents move in, Oak Park Place seeks to build on its current staff, which consists of six caregivers and department leaders.
Department leaders include Chef Jacob Wisniewski, who previously served as Executive Chef for M&I Bank, and Maintenance Director Mike Lietke.
“We are very fortunate to get Mike and Jacob,” said Olson. “Mike is a former firefighter and knows the fire codes.”
Leading the care staff is Nursing Director Heather McGregor.
Currently, Oak Park has two certified nursing assistants or personal care workers on each shift, with oversight from McGregor.
According to the Oak Park Place website, the facility is accepting applications for caregiver and activity director, who coordinates recreational events for clients.
“We look for the best employees, we have found so many in the Burlington area and we are very pleased by that,” Olson said. “We would like to hire more people from the community.”
In addition to direct care staff, they look to bolster other departments, including food service and more receptionists.
“We screen our applicants very carefully, we do background checks on them. We do reference checks,” Olson said. “Our ideal candidate is someone who is personable and has a compassionate heart for the elderly.”
Facility amenities
While fees vary, Oak Park Place has included the following amenities into each plan:
Housekeeping services
Activity staff
Three meals daily
Internet access
Local phone
Utilities
Satellite television
Rooms for family gatherings, games, lounges, sunroom, library and resource room
On-site salon services for additional fees
The lowdown
What: Oak Park Place Assisted Living and Specialized Memory Care
Where: 1700 Teut Road, Burlington.
Contact: (262) 757-8852
To apply: For application instructions, visit oakparkplace.com and click on the employment tab.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
comments
With Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt coming to an end before the end of the year even gets here — I know, pass the tissues — things just wouldn't be the same without all of our favorite weird and amazing characters returning. That being said, you have to wonder, will Tina Fey be in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt season four? She's one of the creators of the Netflix comedy and they did have a role in the first season, then a recurring role in seasons two and three, so it's definitely a fair question. And, since this is the final season, they almost has to be back as Kimmy's dysfunctional therapist.
Since Fey wasn't announced as one of the guest stars for season four or one of the returning guest stars, chances are, they probably won't be in either halves of the two-part season. On their IMDB account, she's only listed as a writer for season four and in the event that they were scheduled to return as Andrea or another character, it would have probably been announced by now. Or, at the very least, their IMDB account would reflect that.
Since Jon Hamm, a confirmed guest star for the final season of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, does have their role listed on their IMDB page, I'd say it's fair to assume that since Fey's doesn't, it means that they won't be in season four. But it definitely doesn't make it any easier to be without Fey's on-screen comedic genius.
At the end of season one, Fey, who created the series with Robert Carlock, played an incompetent lawyer as part of the defense team for Hamm's Richard Wayne Gary Wayne. They also bared more than a striking resemblance to real life attorney Marcia Clark, but it was just the beginning of looking forward to Fey on the series rather than just behind the scenes as a writer and producer.
They popped up again during season two and then once more in season three as the alcoholic therapist who helped Kimmy work through some of their trauma and also helped in creating more hi-jinks along the way. Even though at the end of season three, their story seemed to be over with Kimmy feeling more optimistic than ever about their own future, this is the last season ever, so you'd think that they could somehow fit Fey's character in one last time.
If this is just a big hush hush and Fey will return to the show for the second half of season four, then it could be because Kimmy needs further guidance with the reintroduction of the reverend in their life. Granted, I'm not sure if there will be time in the remaining seven episodes for Andrea to really do more good for our favorite oddly optimistic kidnapping victim, but it could happen, right?
In real life, Fey seems to be plenty busy, though, so their absence from being on-screen for season four of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt might simply be circumstantial. As a writer and producer, she's been working hard on a couple of different shows, and as an actor, she's had NBC's Great News to work on. They also hosted the season finale of Saturday Night Live and has appeared on the show off and on since they left years ago, so they likely has a jam-packed schedule already.
Luckily, she's still been a huge part of writing and producing season four and even though they probably won't be part of the cast this time around, because of their involvement, it's still sure to be the perfect send-off to the series as a whole.
Share:
HUJRA SHAH MUQEEM-Electoral alliance between Jugnu Mohsin, independent candidate from PP-184, and PML-N ticket-holder Rao Ajmal Khan was termed a natural process as per needs of the area. "Not only will it maintain balance between local candidates but it will also fulfil expectations of the public from election."
These views were expressed by City Councillor and renowned social personality Ch Nayab Kashif during an address to a press conference at Hujra Press Club here the other day.
They said that politics of Okara district revolved around two important seats of Depalpur tehsil including PP-184, adding "Local political personalities in the past, who reached Parliament and conferred ministries and other important positions, had contested election from this area." They criticised the former lawmakers for doing nothing good for people of their area despite remaining in power for 33 years. "They have built their palaces and bungalows with the public money they had looted from national treasure," they flayed, adding that their indifference to public woes had turned streets and localities of the area into ponds of dirty water. "During their 33-year long rule, locals remained victim of their negligence and oppression. They were forced to take out funeral processions of their beloved through accumulated dirty water," they lamented. They lauded Jugnu Mohsin and Rao Ajmal Khan for demolishing designs of local political dynasties to maintain their hegemony in the area. "Fearing defeat in election, they are now passing sleepless nights," they claimed, adding that they were destined to suffer ignominious defeat in July 25 polls.
They said that Rao Ajmal Khan had completed numerous projects of public welfare in Hujra Shah Muqeem despite severe opposition from political rivals. "He introduced Sui gas, electricity, and development projects in remote villages in the suburbs of Hujra Shah Muqeem," they stated. "The day is not far when our area will be brightened with the light of progress and political oppression will find no refuge," they pointed out.
You can set up your Apple TV so that any app you download on your iPhone or iPad is also — automatically! — downloaded on your Apple TV. There are a couple of caveats: the developer has to make a version for the Apple TV, and the developer has to bundle it with the iOS apps ·(i.e. not sell and charge for it separately). Lots of apps are like that, though!
Even better, Apple has updated its iTunes Link Maker tool to include tvOS apps. That means, even if an app is exclusive to Apple TV, you can still download it from your iPhone with the proper iTunes link.
How to enable automatic downloads on Apple TV
In order to download Apple TV apps using your iPhone, you'll need to have automatic downloads enabled on your Apple TV.
Launch the Settings app on Apple TV Click on Apps. Click on Automatically Install Apps. If the feature is enabled, you will see "On" next to it.
Whenever you download an app or game that is supported on Apple TV, it will automatically appear on you Apple TV's Home screen.
How to disable automatic downloads on Apple TV
If you decide that you don't want to clutter up your Apple TV with a bunch of apps and games you only intended to use on your iPhone or iPad, you can always disable automatic downloads. You'll still be able to purchase Apple TV exclusive content on your iPhone, iPad, or computer, but you'll have to manually download them onto your Apple TV from the Purchased tab.
Launch the Settings app on Apple TV Click on Apps. Click on Automatically Install Apps. If the feature is disabled, you will see "Off" next to it.
Any questions?
Do you have any questions about enabling or disabling automatic downloads on Apple TV? Let me know in the comments and I'll help you out with any problem you may have.
Rec Life will host a mountain biking trip Thursday, Feb. 16, along the Iron Mountain trial near Lake Degrey in the Caddo Valley area. Bikers will meet at 3:30 p.m. in the upper SPEC parking lot, outside the climbing and rental center.
The bikes will be loaded onto a trailer and the group will drive to the biking trail. The trip will last approximately two and a half hours with participants returning to campus around 6 p.m.
Students wishing to participate must sign up online at obu.edu/reclife. The deadline to signup is Wednesday, Feb. 15.
People are encouraged to bring their own bikes if possible, but bikes and helmets will be available to rent from the Rec Life center for free. Due to the limited number, equipment will be rented on a first come, first served basis. If a student or faculty would like to rent a bike, outside of this event, the cost will be $3 a day.
Those interested in attending this event do not need to be experts or super fit. In fact, you do not have to have any qualifications to join the activity. “If you are comfortable riding a bike around campus, then you can come…that's all the experience needed,” Rec Life director, Shane Seaton said.
The trail will be around five to eight miles. The trails of Lake Degrey are specially made for mountain biking, so there will not be any steep or difficult sections. “It's a really great set of mountain biking trails…they made it a little more gradual uphill for [bikers],” Seaton said. “It's Arkansas mountain-biking, so it's not like ‘Oh man, that's a huge mountain!'”
Seaton also mentions how beautiful the trail is. “Periodically we stop along the way to see the view. The trail goes right along the lake in places…It's challenging and relaxing all at the same time,” they said.
This is the second time Rec life has hosted this particular trip. Seaton says that they enjoy the opportunity for other's to experience this hobby. “It was just great getting new people out and letting them experience new things. Some of the people [from the previous trip] had never mountain biked before,” they said.
Seaton encourages first timers to come on this trip. “If you've always thought about mountain biking but have never done it, this is a great introduction to it,” they said. Seaton will be there instructing bikers, which will provide a great environment to learn.
To sign up for the mountain biking or to learn more about any other upcoming Rec Life events, visit obu.edu/reclife or contact Shane Seaton at seatons@obu.edu.
– By AJ Stambolie, student writer
As protests erupted after Kenya's disputed presidential election, horrifying photographs and videos flashed across social media: a boy terrified by riot police in a Nairobi slum, a vehicle in flames and a bloodied man with a military boot on their neck.
Some of the images were genuine, but others failed a basic check: a reverse image search on Google.
The terrified boy was photographed in 2008 during ethnic violence that swept across the country after another disputed election in 2007, killing an estimated 1,500 people.
The man with the military boot on their neck was stabbed and killed by soldiers in the Central African Republic in 2014.
And there have been no credible reports of protesters attacking and burning vehicles in recent days.
In a tinderbox atmosphere, where opposition supporters are convinced that their candidate, Raila Odinga, was cheated of victory in last week's presidential election, the images spread on social media are incendiary.
Whirling conspiracy theories are propelled by opposition claims that the election was rigged in favor of the incumbent president, Uhuru Kenyatta, who won by a margin of 1.4 million votes, according to results released by the Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission.
The country's authorities have warned that Kenyans who post images of bodies on social media could face prosecution for inciting violence.
“We urge all Kenyans to avoid recirculating photos that are not verified as real,” said police spokesperson George Kinoti. “They are being used to incite and undermine our security.”
But there are reasons why many Kenyans are quick to believe what they see on social media. The police service has a record of using excessive force against protesters, including live ammunition, according to human rights groups. That coupled with the mistrust many Kenyans feel for the nation's governing institutions adds fuel to the rumors.
Police spokespersons have denied accusations by witnesses and human rights groups that riot police fired live ammunition at protesters in recent days, although spent cartridges were recovered from some slum districts.
At least 24 people were shot dead and dozens more wounded, according to human rights observers. There are also reports of police harassing foreign and Kenyan journalists who were covering opposition protests.
Kenya's main opposition alliance contends that the election results were falsified in a conspiracy between the electoral commission and the Jubliee political alliance led by Kenyatta. It has also accused authorities of killing 100 people and secretly disposing the bodies, and it has alleged that members of a notorious criminal gang called Mungiki were sent into Kenyan slums to kill opposition supporters.
Opposition officials have not provided evidence to support their claims and have said they won't be pursuing their allegations in court.
But several developments have fueled public suspicion, including the torture and killing of a key electoral official days before the Aug. 8 vote, a raid by police on an opposition election center and the deportation of two foreign advisers employed by the opposition to help ensure a fair vote.
An American working for the Kenyan opposition describes their harrowing abduction and deportation »
The electoral commission initially denied opposition claims that its computers had been hacked, then conceded there had been an attempt to do so, although officials said it failed.
The circulation of false images on social media risks igniting tension between rival ethnic groups in a nation where political allegiances divide mainly along ethnic lines.
But social media can also act as a check on abuses, human rights advocates say, allowing private citizens to document violence in volatile slum districts that may be inaccessible to journalists, especially at night.
The Kenya National Commission on Human Rights, the body that reported 24 people were killed by police, has urged Kenyans to report election violence, including by posting photos and videos online.
Murithi Mutiga, an analyst with the International Crisis Group, said the circulation of false images purporting to show election violence had increased in recent days.
“It can be argued that fake news in the lead-up to the elections was just aimed at boosting political support,” they said. “Now, when it's a question of life or death, it's much more dangerous.”
Mutiga said some of the images shared on social media made people afraid to leave their houses or go to work.
Abbas Gullet, secretary-general of the Kenyan Red Cross Society, said that while there had been an upsurge of violence in Kenya, they too had noticed “an upsurge in what we call fake news.”
“I hope common sense will prevail, and we will respect one another and at the same time be honest and not peddle incidents that are not true,” Gullet said.
The alienation of opposition supporters stems in part from decades of ethnic favoritism and exclusion. Kenya's government has been dominated by the Kikuyu and Kalenjin people since independence from Britain in 1963.
In their first term as president, Kenyatta, a Kikuyu, awarded top government and civil service posts mainly to Kikuyus and Kalenjins, cementing ethnic grievances. Odinga, their rival, is a Luo.
“There's no question that Kikuyus and Kalenjin elites took the biggest share of the pie,” Mutiga said. “The fact so many people are willing to accept Odinga's complaints shows it's not just about the election, but abut a sense of belonging and exclusion.”
“I think trying to be more inclusive is going to be a big challenge of Kenyatta, if he's going to have a smoother second term,” Mutiga said.
robyn.dixon@latimes.com
Twitter: @RobynDixon_LAT
Sarah Jessica Parker is adding another credit to their life as a bookworm.
The “Sex and the City” actor is serving as honorary chair of the American Library Association's newly created Book Club Central. The library association told The Associated Press on Wednesday that the club will recommend books throughout the year and will formally launch in Chicago on June 24, during the ALA's annual conference.
“From an early age, books were my constant companions and my local library a place I could find a new friend on every shelf,” Parker said in a statement. “I'm thrilled to help champion original voices for dedicated readers as well as for a new generation, supporting libraries in what they do best.”
Parker recently started their own imprint with Penguin Random House and last year introduced J.K. Rowling at a PEN gala, where the “Harry Potter” author was being honored by the literary and human rights organization.
Parker also served on a presidential arts and humanities committee during the Obama administration.
Returning to their facility Friday for practice after nine days in Hawaii for training camp, the Clippers found out that injuries are starting to take a toll on them.
The latest was starting forward Danilo Gallinari, who suffered a sprained left foot during the second of two exhibition games against the Toronto Raptors at Honolulu's Stan Sheriff Center on Tuesday.
Gallinari, who is not expected to practice the next two days, is being called doubtful for a scheduled Sunday afternoon game against the Portland Trail Blazers at Staples Center.
“He did something to their foot,” coach Doc Rivers said. “It's not serious, but we're going to act like it's serious, so we're just going to shut them down for a while.”
Guard Austin Rivers, who suffered a strained right glute muscle injury in the first exhibition game against the Raptors on Sunday, will not play against the Trail Blazers.
“It's a strange injury,” Doc Rivers said. “We just have to monitor them and be careful.”
Reserve forward Sam Dekker suffered a left oblique injury in the Tuesday night game.  They are listed as being out for Sunday's game.
CAPTION In their second season with the Dodgers, Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music. In their second season with the Dodgers, Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music. CAPTION In their second season with the Dodgers, Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music. In their second season with the Dodgers, Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music. CAPTION Bill Plaschke previews game one of the NLDS between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Arizona Diamondbacks. Bill Plaschke previews game one of the NLDS between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Arizona Diamondbacks. CAPTION The 0-4 Chargers will face the 0-4 Giants Sunday at MetLife Stadium. Hear from quarterback Philip Rivers on both teams trying to get their first win of the season. The 0-4 Chargers will face the 0-4 Giants Sunday at MetLife Stadium. Hear from quarterback Philip Rivers on both teams trying to get their first win of the season. CAPTION Chargers beat writer Dan Woike has a new name for the Chargers when they return to StubHub ... For now, though, they discuss the upcoming battle between the winless Chargers and Giants with reporter Annie Heilbrunn. Chargers beat writer Dan Woike has a new name for the Chargers when they return to StubHub ... For now, though, they discuss the upcoming battle between the winless Chargers and Giants with reporter Annie Heilbrunn. CAPTION Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher Clayton Kershaw on short rest and how they prepare for the playoffs. Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher Clayton Kershaw on short rest and how they prepare for the playoffs.
broderick.turner@latimes.com
Twitter: @BA_Turner
Warner Bros. Pictures has crossed the $2 billion mark at the domestic box office and the $5 billion mark at the global box office this year, only the second time in its illustrious history that the Studio has crossed that tremendous milestone. It is also the eighth time in the last nine years that Warner Bros. has earned more than $4 billion in a single year, marking an industry record. The studio was lead by the success of Wonder Woman, the studio's huge DCEU hit. The announcement was made today by Sue Kroll, President, Worldwide Marketing and Distribution, Warner Bros. Pictures, who had this to say in a statement.
"We are thrilled to reach this extraordinary benchmark as we come to the end of an amazing, record-setting year. Surpassing five billion dollars in a single year can only happen with an incredible level of hard work across all theatrical divisions, as well as the invaluable contributions of the many talented filmmakers and actors with whom we are so fortunate to collaborate. Congratulations to everyone who shares in this success."
Additionally, setting a new Studio record in 2017, Warner Bros. had five of its feature film releases each take in more than $500 million worldwide (in order): Jordan Vogt-Roberts' action adventure Kong: Skull Island (with Legendary Pictures and Village Roadshow Pictures), starring Tom Hiddleston, Samuel L. Jackson, John Goodman, Brie Larson and John C. Reilly; Patty Jenkins' action adventure Wonder Woman, starring Gal Gadot and Chris Pine; Christopher Nolan's sweeping epic Dunkirk, with an ensemble cast including Kenneth Branagh, Cillian Murphy, Mark Rylance and Tom Hardy; New Line Cinema's horror thriller IT; and, most recently, Zack Snyder's Justice League, teaming Ben Affleck, Henry Cavill, Gal Gadot, Raymond Fisher, Jason Momoa and Ezra Miller, which stands at more than $574 million and still climbing.
The year's highlights also include three more releases crossing $250 million worldwide: the animated feature The LEGO Batman Movie (with LEGO System A/S); New Line's horror thriller Annabelle: Creation; and Alcon Entertainment's dramatic thriller Blade Runner 2049 (with Sony Pictures). New Line Cinema's IT broke several box office records, including dethroning The Exorcist to become the highest grossing horror movie of all time at the domestic box office, breaking a record that had stood for more than 40 years.
The studio also passed $2 billion at the domestic box office just days after passing $5 billion worldwide. The Wrap also reports that Warner Bros. currently leads all studios in market share with 20%, but Disney will likely easily overtake them when Star Wars: The Last Jedi hits theaters in just a few short days, and will likely become this year's biggest movie.
This new installment of our series of NewFilmmakers LA interviews features conversations with moviemakers Marrisa Labog, Jeannie Donohoe, Chadwick Pelletier, Christine Weatherup, Beatriz Chahin, Joey Horvitz, Ali Eagle, Dominique Roberts, John Klein, Elvis Leon, Joakim Scheidegger, Vijay D. Varu, Danishka Esterhazy, Morgan Dameron, Zach Fox, Omri Dorani, Rebecca Feldman, Tiffany Kim Hoa Stevens, and Cameo Wood.
NewFilmmakers LA (NFMLA) is a non-profit organization designed to showcase the innovative works by emerging filmmakers from around the world, providing the Los Angeles community of entertainment professionals and film goers with a constant surge of monthly screening events. NFMLA provides a forum where filmmakers can be recognized for their contributions, have open audience discussions about their projects and connect with industry professionals for insight on distribution, production, acquisition and representation.
To view any of the 16 videos below, toggle through by using the playlist icon in the top left corner of each playlist.
To subscribe to MovieMaker Magazine, click here. MM
Hailee Steinfeld to star in comedy series for Apple; show based on 19th century poet Emily Dickinson
Apple has given a straight-to-series order to a half-hour show about acclaimed 19th century poet Emily Dickinson, with actor and singer Hailee Steinfeld set to play the lead.
According to Variety, the series is a comedic take on Dickinson's world, exploring the constraints of society, gender, and family from the perspective of a budding writer who does not fit in to their own time due to their imaginative point of view.
David Gordon Green of Pineapple Express fame will direct and executive produce the series, with Alena Smith who has worked on shows like The Affair and the hit sitcom The Newsroom attached as writer.
Dickinson will mark Steinfeld's first regular role on a television series. In the past, the actor has worked in notable films like Pitch Perfect 2 and 3, Barely Lethal, The Ender's Game and The Homesmen writes Variety.
Steinfeld was nominated for best supporting actor at the Oscars for their performance in the 2010's True Grit and a leading actor Golden Globe nomination for 2016's The Edge Of Seventeen according to Deadline.  They are also currently writing and recording their first full length album.
They will also be seen next with John Cena, Jorge Lendeborg Jr., Rachel Crow and Pamela Adlon in the Transformers spin-off Bumblebee, which is scheduled for release on 21 December 2018.
(With inputs from PTI)
Updated Date: May 31, 2018 12:41 PM
Lorde has said they felt "rocked" by the criticism they faced when they became a global star at the age of 16.
The 20-year-old New Zealand singer, who was catapulted to fame with the release of their internationally successful debut single Royals in 2013, also said they "sucks at being famous".
Lorde, whose real name is Ella Marija Lani Yelich-O'Connor, told NME magazine that becoming so regarded in their teens came with its downsides, although they felt they were becoming "less famous" as they got older.
They said, of their rise to fame: "When it was happening, I was quite overwhelmed by it.
"But that was a long time ago.
"If anything, I've slowly been getting less famous since Royals was really big. Which is totally cool for me ...
"I suck at being famous. And that's fine."
They added, of the negative remarks they saw at the time: "It rocked my foundations and could have f***** me, you know?
"I remember being made aware of my looks and my body in a way that I had never been.
"I remember all these kids online, I think I beat their favourite people to number one, and they were like, 'F*** her, she's got really far apart eyes'.
"I remember being like, 'Whoa! How did I get all this way without knowing I had far apart eyes?' Just weird s*** like that."
Lorde added: "But I was able to return to my family and shelter against that and get to where I am now.
"I feel so comfortable in myself."
Lorde is gearing up to release their second album Melodrama, the follow-up to their 2013 debut LP Pure Heroine.
Of their new music, they said: "The first record was 'we' and 'us'. And this record is 'I'. The focus does close in.
"I think that was necessary to get to the level of frankness that's in there."
:: For the full interview see NME magazine, available for free tomorrow.
Share:
STOCKHOLM - Did they have a problem with their grip? Swedish golfer Jenny Haglund, who turned pro in 2016, broke their first trophy won in the US in an airport accident, they told Swedish Radio on Tuesday. "I had the glass trophy in my hand luggage but I knocked it over accidentally at the security control at the airport," the 24-year-old said. "It wasn't a big fall, but it still broke. They said it was considered a weapon and confiscated it," they said. Swedish Radio published a photo of the splintered trophy, which Haglund won in mid-May in North Carolina at the Symetra Classic.
“Happy as Lazzaro,” a prizewinner at the Cannes Film Festival, has sold widely around the world, including to China, the U.K., Germany and Spain, following Netflix's previously announced acquisition of North and Latin American rights.
German sales company The Match Factory has closed deals for more than 20 territories for the time-bending fable about Italy's transition from a rural society to modernity. The film, directed by Alice Rohrwacher, was a standout in Cannes' official competition lineup and won the best screenplay award for Rohrwacher (in a tie with Iran's Nader Saeivar for “3 Faces”).
Set in a pastoral village dominated by a tyrannical tobacco magnate, the fact-inspired story is centered on a meeting between Lazzaro, a young peasant so good they are often mistaken for being simple-minded, and Tancredi, a young nobleman cursed by their imagination. A bond is sealed when Tancredi asks Lazzaro to help them orchestrate their own kidnapping.
Variety critic Guy Lodge called the film a “tale of a rural innocent defying life's certainties to bear witness to two separate eras of social and economic exploitation” and praised it as “a slow but bewitching burn that rewards viewers' patience with humor and uncanny grace.” Lodge said “Lazzaro” sealed Rohrwacher's status “as a truly distinctive European major,” following their 2014 Cannes Grand Prix winner “The Wonders.”
Related The Best Fashion at Cannes 2018 ‘13 Reasons Why' Season 2 Premiere Drew 6 Million U.S. Viewers in First Three Days, Nielsen Says
“Lazzaro” has been licensed for theatrical release in China (iQiyi); the U.K. (Modern Film); Germany (PIFFL); Spain (Vertigo); Russia (Mauris); the Middle East and North Africa (Moving Turtle); Australia (Palace); Turkey (Filmarti); Israel (United King); Sandinavia (Folkets Bio); and the Benelux countries (Cinemien), among other territories.
Producer Carlo Cresto-Dina said they were particularly pleased about the deal with China, where “the arthouse market is growing,” and the sale to U.K. distributor Modern Times, a new company founded by former Soda Pictures chief Eve Gabereau that specializes in “films by women that are socially committed.”
“Lazzaro” was one of only three titles by a female filmmaker out of the 21 Cannes competition titles.
Carlo Cresto-Dina said they would work with Netflix to try to secure a theatrical release in the U.S., since “this is a movie that was made to be seen in movie theaters.”
In its first theatrical outing, “Lazzaro” is being released in Italy on Wednesday by Rai Cinema's 01 distribution on about 120 screens.
“Happy as Lazzaro” is an Italy-Switzerland-France-German production. It's a Tempesta production with Rai Cinema in co-production with Amka Films Prods., Ad Vitam Production, KNM, Pola Pandora, RSI Radiotelevisione Svizzera, ARTE France Cinéma, and ZDF/ARTE.
Titanium Alloy Market Report by Product Type (Ti-6Al-4V, Ti-6Al-2Sn-4Zr-6Mo ) by Application /End User (Aerospace Applications, Chemical Industrial Production Plants, Biomedical Applications, Commercial Applications ) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends, and Forecast 2018–2026.
This report studies the Titanium Alloy Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the Titanium Alloy Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Titanium Alloy (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall Titanium Alloy Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/titanium-alloy-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
Titanium Alloy Market : By Product Type
• Ti-6Al-4V
• Ti-6Al-2Sn-4Zr-6Mo
Titanium Alloy Market : End Users/ Applications
• Aerospace Applications
• Chemical Industrial Production Plants
• Biomedical Applications
• Commercial Applications
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/titanium-alloy-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
This statement was originally published on hrw.org on 21 November 2017.
Russia's "foreign agents" law, which entered into force on this date five years ago, has been used to end or curtail a broad range of important work to protect Russia's natural environment, Human Rights Watch said today.
Interviews with directors of current or defunct environmental organizations across Russia reveal that at least 14 environmental nongovernmental organizations have stopped work rather than continue to operate while labelled a "foreign agent." Authorities have used the law to eliminate or restrain groups advocating against state-sanctioned development projects, expressing concerns about proposed government policies, and petitioning authorities for the release of imprisoned environmental activists.
"Although 2017 is the 'Year of Ecology' in Russia, there's been no letup in government efforts to suppress environmental movements," said Richard Pearshouse, associate environment director at Human Rights Watch. "The Justice Ministry has used the 'foreign agents' registry to silence some of the country's most effective, rigorous, and committed environmental groups."
Russia's "foreign agents" law requires organizations that accept any foreign funding, governmental or private, and engage in "political activity" to register as "foreign agents." The law has been used to target a broad range of independent organizations that work on human rights, health, environmental issues, migrants, and refugees, as well as research organizations, groups that conduct public opinion polling, and groups that provide legal aid to victims of rights abuses or support people with HIV/AIDS or victims of Soviet repression.
In Russia, the term "foreign agent" connotes "spy" or "traitor." Russia's Justice Ministry has designated 158 groups as "foreign agents" under this law, including 29 environmental nongovernmental organizations.
These environmental organizations undertook a diverse range of work to protect the right to a healthy environment, including conducting environment impact assessments of new development projects, raising public awareness on environmental issues, campaigning against corruption in activities related to the environment, and providing legal advice to people affected by industrial and nuclear accidents.
Human Rights Watch interviewed directors or former directors of 18 environmental groups, of which 14 have either shut down or suspended all work rather than operate with a "foreign agent" stigma. Three have continued to work as "foreign agent" organizations. One gave up foreign funding, and eventually the designation was removed.
Some of those that have closed or ceased work have re-established themselves in a different form. But the total number closed may be greater, as 11 environmental groups either could not be reached or declined to be interviewed.
Those interviewed said that other impacts of the "foreign agent" designation have included fines, smear campaigns and threats against staff, termination or restriction of specific projects, and local authorities' refusal to continue collaboration.
Though the law exempts "activities in the field of… protection of flora and fauna" from the definition of "political activity," the interviews revealed a broad pattern of suppression of environmental organizations, with some particularly notable cases. One group was designated a "foreign agent" following its successful legal fight against corruption among local authorities that underpinned a series of licenses to log protected forests.
Another was deemed to have engaged in "political activity" by not providing a submission to the local council on an amendment to the state's administrative code. In another case, after the organization's "foreign agent" designation, a state-owned broadcaster aired a program showing the director's residence, describing it as a site of "industrial espionage." The director and their family fled Russia following a death threat.
In May 2014, Russia's parliament amended the "foreign agents" law to authorize the Justice Ministry to register groups as "foreign agents" without their consent. In May 2016, parliament adopted another set of amendments, building up the originally vague definition of "political activity" to include any attempt by an independent group to influence public policy or public opinion in any area.
On November 15, 2017, Russia's lower house of parliament adopted amendments that authorize the government to demand foreign media organizations to register as "foreign agents," and comply with the requirements set out in the "foreign agents" law for NGOs. The draft has been sent for approval to the Federation Council, Russia's upper house of parliament. Although it is not clear how the amendments will be implemented, they seem intended to allow for selective, political enforcement, Human Rights Watch said.
Courts have imposed hefty administrative fines on organizations and/or their directors for alleged failure to comply with the "foreign agents" law. In addition, under the criminal law, "malicious evasion" of legal requirements in this law can result in fines and up to two years in prison.
In its opinion on Russia's "foreign agents" law, the Council of Europe's Venice Commission - the Council of Europe's advisory body on constitutional matters - specifically urged the Russian Federation to ensure that the term "political activity" is not used to target human rights defenders nor applied to nongovernmental organizations based on their political opinions.
"The 'foreign agents' law has had catastrophic repercussions for environmental activism in Russia," Pearshouse said. "The government should repeal the law immediately."
Methodology
Since November 2012, 29 environmental organizations in Russia have been designated "foreign agents." In July and September 2017, Human Rights Watch attempted to contact all 29 organizations. Interviews were conducted in the period between July and September 2017. They were undertaken by phone and email with environmental organizations across the country.
Five could not be contacted because no information nor contact information was available online or from other groups. Six either did not respond to requests for interviews or declined to be interviewed.
Human Rights Watch interviewed directors or former directors of 18 environmental groups designated as "foreign agents," 14 of which have either shut down or suspended all work rather than continue to operate while labelled a "foreign agent."
The 'Foreign Agents' Law
Under the law, the Justice Ministry maintains the "foreign agents" registry. The law's 2012 version did not allow the ministry to put groups on the list - organizations had to register themselves. When groups refused, the ministry sought a court ruling requiring them to register. In 2014, the parliament amended the law to enable the ministry to register groups as "foreign agents" without either their consent or a court order.
The ministry usually precedes "foreign agent" designations with targeted audits, some triggered by complaints by private citizens or public officials. The ministry's audit reports usually detail any foreign funding and list any activities deemed "political." Audits commonly involve reviewing project documents, including financial documentation, publications or other products, and online searches of the activities of the organization and its staff.
Once the Justice Ministry registers an organization as a "foreign agent," it also typically takes that organization to court for its failure to self-register. The ministry also frequently takes organizations to court for alleged failure to comply with the law, including but not limited to submitting quarterly and annual financial and substantive reports to the authorities and identifying itself as a "foreign agent" organization on anything the organization publishes or distributes, including online.
Сourts typically impose administrative fines from 100,000 to 300,000 rubles (US$1,730 to US$5,190) for individuals, and from 300,000 to 500 000 rubles (US$5,190 to US$8,650) for organizations. Fines must be paid within 60 days or the law grants the court the authority to double them. In addition, leaders of the groups can be prosecuted for "malicious evasion" of the law's requirements, with criminal sanctions ranging from fines to up to two years in prison.
An organization may appeal audit results, the Justice Ministry's decision to designate the organization a "foreign agent", and a local court's determination of a violation and any corresponding sanctions. But appeals are rarely successful. Russia's Constitutional Court upheld the "foreign agents" law in 2014, finding that it was "not intended to persecute or discredit" organizations.
Since early 2017, the Justice Ministry's registry no longer lists organizations that had been originally designated "foreign agents," but whose designation was withdrawn if the organization closed down or refused foreign funding. Human Rights Watch has recorded 158 organizations listed in the registry since it was created, with 88 currently listed.
Human Rights Watch interviews with the directors of current or closed environmental organizations and review of Justice Ministry audits show the wide gamut of environmental activities considered "political." These include:
- Undertaking environmental impact assessments of national hunting quotas;
- Organizing or participating in meetings or roundtables, including international conferences;
- Undertaking joint projects or activities with other environmental organizations already designated "foreign agents;"
- Public campaigning against constructing new nuclear energy plants or nuclear waste facilities, or for decommissioning existing nuclear energy plants;
- Organizing overseas study visits of nuclear waste facilities for government representatives, public servants, and activists;
- Public campaigning against mines, refineries, or industrial facilities;
- Signing petitions or otherwise publicly campaigning for the release of imprisoned environmental activists;
- Writing letters to state authorities expressing concerns about proposed government policies; and
- In at least one case, not providing a submission on a proposed legal amendment to a state administrative code.
Read more about the impact of the law on six environmental organizations.
With Christmas and New Year's Eve behind us, now is the time many people begin to take down their holiday decorations.
Edmontonians with natural Christmas trees are asked to leave them on their side next to their garbage bags by 7 a.m. Tuesday, Jan. 10.
City crews will pick up trees within three weeks but not necessarily on residents' regular garbage day.
People are asked to ensure all decorations are taken off the tree. Trees should not be put inside garbage bags.
“If a resident has a really large tree we ask that they cut them down into six-foot or two-metre lengths,” Garry Spotowski, education program coordinator with Edmonton Waste Management Services, said.
READ MORE: New WasteWise app will help Edmontonians sort garbage, recycling
People who live in multi-family units are asked to take their natural trees to a recycling depot or Eco station free of charge until Jan. 31. The city asks that Christmas trees not be left beside apartment recycling or waste bins.
Trees will be taken to the Edmonton Waste Management Centre where they will be chipped and composted.
People who want to get rid of their artificial trees are asked to take them to the Reuse Centre. The service is free as long as trees are in a box with all of their parts so they can be made available to organizations and other people for reuse.
Artificial trees that are not in good enough shape to be reused should be placed out with the garbage on regular collection day.
Watch below: Edmonton is currently the only city in the Capital Region that doesn't make residents separate their organics, such as dinner scraps and banana peels. But a new waste contract may change that. Fletcher Kent reports.
The City of Edmonton has been recycling Christmas trees since 1990. Last year, 12,123 trees were collected for recycling.
SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China has issued new guidelines to enforce academic integrity in science that include plans to "record and assess" the conduct of scientists and institutions and punish anyone guilty of misconduct, state news agency Xinhua reported.
The guidelines, released on Wednesday by the ruling Communist Party and the State Council, or cabinet, prohibit plagiarism, fabrication of data and research conclusions, ghost-writing and peer review manipulation, according to Xinhua.
Scandals in recent years involving things like faked research, plagiarism and problematic peer review standards have dented China's reputation as a growing force in the world of scientific research.
Xinhua said China would build a "scientific integrity mechanism" to drive innovation while maintaining zero tolerance for severe academic dishonesty.
"Anyone who violates the integrity rules will be held accountable by law," it said, citing a document issued by the party and government.
"Those who are found to have committed academic misconduct will be banned from teaching or doing any kind of research work in government-run schools and scientific institutions. Their research grants will be cancelled and honours revoked, according to the guidelines," it said.
The Ministry of Science and Technology would take responsibility for coordinating and managing the effort in scientific fields, while the state-run Chinese Academy of Social Sciences would do so in social sciences.
Xinhua said the science ministry planned to build "a journal warning mechanism to put any domestic or international academic journals that ignores academic quality while seeking high payments onto a blacklist".
Papers published in such journals would not be recognised in any kind of assessment, it said.
The guidelines also aimed to change the standards by which scientists are evaluated so that integrity becomes a key factor, rather than just the production of papers, patents, titles, projects and the collection of honours, it said.
(Reporting by John Ruwitch; Editing by Stephen Coates)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Long Beach-based artist Yoskay Yamamoto has created the poster for this year's Los Angeles Film Festival. This follows other festival posters in recent years by Los Angeles area artists Ed Ruscha, Noah Davis and Carolyn Castaño.
The 2017 edition of the Los Angeles Film Festival, produced by Film Independent, will run from June 14-22. The festival's full programming announcement is scheduled for early May.
Born in Japan, Yamamoto moved to the United States while a teenager. The self-trained illustrator's work as a painter and sculptor often blends the influences of Japanese heritage and contemporary popular culture with a playful sensibility.
“I found myself immediately falling in love with their work. It was unlike any of the art I was looking at up to that point,” LAFF festival director Jennifer Cochis said in an email. “There is something dreamy and even story-like about their sculptures and paintings that drew me in from the instant I saw them.”
Long Beach-based artist Yoskay Yamamoto, who has created the poster art for the 2017 Los Angeles Fil Film Independent Long Beach-based artist Yoskay Yamamoto, who has created the poster art for the 2017 Los Angeles Film Festival. Long Beach-based artist Yoskay Yamamoto, who has created the poster art for the 2017 Los Angeles Film Festival. (Film Independent)
For the poster image, done in a mix of acrylic and aerosol paint, Yamamoto decided they wanted to capture the colorful beauty of Los Angeles sunsets and the creative energy of the moon, tied together by a nod to the French artist René Magritte. (Hence the bowler hat he's fond of wearing.)
“And also I wanted to create an image that was peaceful and calm,” Yamamoto said during a recent phone interview from their studio. “I really feel like we are facing such a chaotic and difficult time that I thought it would be nice to have a peaceful image throughout the city.
“A positive image can help people's mood or feelings. As an artist, a lot of times my goal is to lift people's spirits, to put a smile on someone's face or brighten up their day just a little bit,” Yamamoto added. “If people are overwhelmed by too much information or too much news nowadays, maybe they can just feel a short, brief peaceful moment.”
Yamamoto will have a solo exhibition later this year at the Giant Robot/GR2 Gallery on Sawtelle Boulevard. Passes for the L.A. Film Festival go on sale to Film Independent members Tuesday and to the general public on April 25. Individual tickets go on sale to members May 16 and the general public on May 23.
“When I first spoke to Yoskay, we talked at length about how this is a unique opportunity for an artist to be in dialogue with the city itself,” Cochis also noted. “This is art that represents not only the festival, but is being shown for free in public spaces, which feels like a pretty radical achievement.”
SIGN UP for the free Indie Focus movies newsletter »
Caption 'The Fate of the Furious' movie review by Justin Chang reviews "The Fate of the Furious," directed by F. Gary Gray and starring Vin Diesel, Charlize Theron, Dwayne Johnson, Michelle Rodriguez, Ludacris, Tyrese Gibson, Jason Statham, Kurt Russell, Scott Eastwood and Nathalie Emmanuel. Video by Jason H. Neubert Justin Chang reviews "The Fate of the Furious," directed by F. Gary Gray and starring Vin Diesel, Charlize Theron, Dwayne Johnson, Michelle Rodriguez, Ludacris, Tyrese Gibson, Jason Statham, Kurt Russell, Scott Eastwood and Nathalie Emmanuel. Video by Jason H. Neubert Caption 'The Fate of the Furious' movie review by Justin Chang reviews "The Fate of the Furious," directed by F. Gary Gray and starring Vin Diesel, Charlize Theron, Dwayne Johnson, Michelle Rodriguez, Ludacris, Tyrese Gibson, Jason Statham, Kurt Russell, Scott Eastwood and Nathalie Emmanuel. Video by Jason H. Neubert Justin Chang reviews "The Fate of the Furious," directed by F. Gary Gray and starring Vin Diesel, Charlize Theron, Dwayne Johnson, Michelle Rodriguez, Ludacris, Tyrese Gibson, Jason Statham, Kurt Russell, Scott Eastwood and Nathalie Emmanuel. Video by Jason H. Neubert Caption Emmy Chat: Why Minnie Driver's so committed to their 'Speechless' family Minnie Driver talks about their role as fearless mom Maya, showing disability on-screen and the irreverent comedy on "Speechless." Minnie Driver talks about their role as fearless mom Maya, showing disability on-screen and the irreverent comedy on "Speechless." Caption 'Ghost In The Shell' movie review by Justin Chang reviews "Ghost In The Shell," directed by Rupert Sanders, starring Scarlett Johansson, Juliette Binoche, Takeshi Kitano, Michael Pitt, Pilou Asbaek and Chin Han. Video by Jason H. Neubert. Justin Chang reviews "Ghost In The Shell," directed by Rupert Sanders, starring Scarlett Johansson, Juliette Binoche, Takeshi Kitano, Michael Pitt, Pilou Asbaek and Chin Han. Video by Jason H. Neubert. Caption PaleyFest 2017: Evan Rachel Wood of ‘Westworld' Evan Rachel Wood, who plays Dolores Abernathy on HBO's “Westworld,” discusses their character's direction at the end of Season One. Evan Rachel Wood, who plays Dolores Abernathy on HBO's “Westworld,” discusses their character's direction at the end of Season One. Caption PaleyFest 2017: James Marsden of ‘Westworld' James Marsden who plays Terry Flood on HBO's “Westworld,” talks about their hopes for what may come next for their character. James Marsden who plays Terry Flood on HBO's “Westworld,” talks about their hopes for what may come next for their character.
Mark.Olsen@latimes.com
Follow-on Twitter: @IndieFocus
ALSO
Frank Oz and the gang of ‘Muppet Guys talking' still pulling on their silly strings
Charlize Theron and James McAvoy blow through South by Southwest with 'Atomic Blonde'
Aaron Katz's ‘Gemini' brings moody L.A. cool to South By Southwest
Majestic Wine has insisted it is "past the tipping point" with its recovery plan despite swinging to a full-year loss.
The retailer posted pre-tax losses of £1.5 million for the year to April 3 against profits of £4.7 million the previous year, while underlying profits tumbled 29% to £12.9 million on surging costs from the overhaul.
It said underlying earnings shot up 51% in the second half as its turnaround started to bear fruit, with underlying sales growth of 12.1% in the final six months.
Its core Majestic Wine warehouse chain saw like-for-like sales lift 5.7% over the full year as it notched up eight consecutive quarters of rising sales.
Rowan Gormley, group chief executive of Majestic, said: "We are past the tipping point, both financially and operationally."
They added the group is on track to make £500 million in sales by 2019.
"We remain confident about the medium-term outlook, despite tough economic conditions, as transformation benefits are coming through and our costs are naturally coming down as a result of us reaching the next stage of the transformation plan," they said.
The group also announced that chairperson Phil Wrigley would retire at the annual general meeting in August.
They will be replaced by non-executive director Greg Hodder.
Majestic said its online brand Naked Wines, which it bought in 2015, also saw strong sales growth, up 26.3% to £142.2 million .
Naked Wines performed well overseas, with US sales jumping 28% higher, while the group said its fine wines business Lay & Wheeler saw sales soar 36.2% after " years of languishing in the doldrums".
Majestic Wine is halfway through a three-year turnaround plan aimed at expanding and retaining its customer base, slowing down branch network expansion, and acquiring new customers for Naked Wines.
The group has 210 Majestic Wine warehouses in the UK and two in France.
It has been growing its international customer base and said overseas sales grew by 52.7% over the year to £88 million.
2017 Michigan II: Ryan Blaney NASCAR Monster Energy Race Recap
Posted by: newsla on Aug 14, 2017 - 06:49 AM 2017 Michigan II: Ryan Blaney NASCAR Monster Energy Race Recap
Ryan Blaney and the Motorcraft/SKF team salvaged a 15th-place finish in the Pure Michigan 400 at Michigan International Speedway after a mid-race setback knocked them out a chance to contend for the victory.
Even so, Blaney and their Wood Brothers team gained a spot in the championship standings to 12th place. More importantly, a race victory by a previous winner (Kyle Larson) secured Blaney and the Motorcraft team a spot in the playoffs, the 10-race run to the championship that begins after three more races.
For the early portions of Sundays 400-miler, Blaney and the No. 21 Fusion showed their usual speed.
Blaney started 12th and was running sixth after just one lap. They maintained that spot until pitting for tires.He was 11th at the end of Stage One.
In Stage Two, Blaney worked their way back to sixth place at the finish and collected five bonus points.
It was the 18th time this season that Blaney has scored stage points, and it ran their total for the season to 164.
In the third and final stage, Blaney restarted fifth but received damage to the right front of the No. 21 Motorcraft/SKF Fusion just after the restart. They made an unscheduled pit stop for repairs, and their team spent the rest of the race working to regain the lost ground.
Blaney received the free pass to rejoin the lead lap and then began running good lap times despite the body damage to their car. Their teams strategy was foiled by a late caution, and they took the wave-around late in the race.
Just when it looked as if the No. 21 team was headed for a finish outside the top 15, Blaney gained five spots on a green-white-checkered-flag run and took the 15th position.
It wasn't too bad, Blaney said in their post-race comments. We had a fast car and things just didn't work out. We have fast cars every week and that gives us something to look forward to."
Team co-owner Eddie Wood also took heart in the speed of the No. 21 Fusion.
We had a fast race car early on and had some damage that set us back, Wood said. We were honored to have Mr. Edsel Ford II on our pit box again this weekend, and we were hoping to have a better result for him.
But thats the way it goes sometimes.
Blaney and the Motorcraft team will return to work this Saturday night at Bristol Motor Speedway.
PaddockTalk Perspective
EXPAND Dave Anthony, left, and Gareth Reynolds (pictured with Patton Oswalt) host The Dollop. Dan Wilkinson
The sixth installment of the L.A. Podcast Festival is titled “Truth & Lies,” a nod to the era of conflation of fact and fiction, comedy and horror, news and the other thing we are all currently mired in. The festival features stalwarts such as the consistently gory and good My Favorite Murder and other familiar alt-comedy and movie/pop culture discussion programs, but what makes this weekend different from years past is the inclusion of several leftist podcasts.
Socialist-skewing shows including the recently launched Left Coast, the revisionist history-centric The Dollop and pan-media annihilating Chapo Trap House all appear on this weekend's program. They're part of a broader, loosely connected blob of shows such as Delete Your Account, Street Fight Radio, The Katie Halper Show, The Discourse Collective and so on, all of which riff on politics, pop culture, media and history from various modern American leftist perspectives. (Leftist, meaning recently disenfranchised Democrats who moved left during and post Obama, anarchists, Marxists, communists, antifa — basically anyone who doesn't identify with the duopoly and believes capitalism is fundamentally flawed.) And many of these podcasters organize in or support organizations such as Democratic Socialists of America (DSA).*
Two L.A. comedians, Sara June and Josh Androsky, started their podcast Left Coast earlier in 2017, feeling a mutual dearth in local news-reporting media mixed with the amplification of the full-blown capitalist hellscape we now live in.
Josh Androsky, left, and Sara June interview guests on the most recent episode of their Left Coast podcast. Courtesy Left Coast
“We're two comedians who were recently radicalized and wanted to do a show for people who realize they can no longer trust Democrats and market-based solutions but also don't know shit about fuck my main man,” Androsky explains, alluding to Karl Marx. Both Androsky (a co-chair) and June are involved with the Agit-Prop committee of DSA-LA, which is the propaganda/media wing and seeks to more broadly fight corporate-controlled media in an alarming era when Mark Zuckerberg decides who gets to receive what information.
"We started this podcast for people who don't like to think about politics," June says, "but who also don't have a house or a job or health insurance, and are starting to realize that maybe those things are connected.” In hell times, many turns away from political anything in deference to more escapist fare, to which June can relate: “I get why people don't read the news. It's very depressing! But capitalism has irreparably fucked up our lives and it's affecting you whether you read the news or not.”
Left Coast features guests — many of them DSA members or reps from different, mostly militant groups around L.A. — and usually tackles a core subject in each episode. For the festival, they're featuring Chapo members Amber Lee Frost and Matt Christman (hosts of the irregular but great Frost/Christman subseries) to discuss the history of the Walt Disney Company and its long legacy of “horrible labor practices.”
When I ask the two if they have any thoughts about the liberal-centric podcasts that are, in many ways, what they're reacting to, specifically those on the Crooked Media network, which was founded by former Obama staffers Jon Favreau, Jon Lovett and Tommy Vietor, Androsky doesn't mince words. “The only thing worse than a smug, fratty elitist writing speeches justifying the murder of civilians in Libya is one who wants to also be a comedian." June snaps back, “If any podcast can save America, it's gonna be ours.”
Left Coast co-host Josh Androsky, left, at a 2017 rally DSA-LA
June and Androsky organize with Dave Anthony, another DSA-LA member and podcaster appearing this weekend to present their and Gareth Reynolds' The Dollop (recently chosen as L.A. Weekly readers' favorite podcast) on the main stage Saturday night. Anthony has been writing for and acting on television for the better part of this century and seems very comfortable doing what they do. Podcasting — a medium that straddles radio and message-board shaggy-dog stories — seems perfect for Anthony and Reynolds, who mix in a healthy dose of humor, history and politics without getting too grating by going too far in any one direction.
Asked how they started telling stories through a more radicalized lens, Anthony replies, “I've always liked history and wanted to expose people to the history we don't learn in school. Mostly that's the story of those who were screwed over by the system. There are no history books from the point of laborers or slaves or the poor or those broken by the system. The reason for the podcast was to hopefully open people's minds to the idea this country isn't that great for a large group of people.”
After doing the podcast for a bit, Anthony realized they were trying to re-create and pay homage to Howard Zinn's A People's History of the United States. “That book had a profound effect on me as a teenager and I never looked at the world the same way again. Sounds corny,” they admit, “but sometimes art comes out in ways you don't realize but it's what you need to be saying.”
The Dollop
So why now? “The surge of leftist podcasts is simply because podcasting is one of the few places where there are no gatekeepers. We've never had access to people like this before. It used to just be a guy on the street handing out The Worker newspapers,” Anthony says. “Now it's easy to find us, and to listen to what we have to say, and to realize it's not all that crazy. Those Democrats who do realize something is very wrong are seeking answers, and they are getting them in podcasts and some internet shows. We used to have magazines like Mother Jones when I was younger, but now you can find those voices online. Those radical Mother Jones writers from years ago would now be podcasters, while Mother Jones today has become a cesspool of mediocrity and a void of ideas and thought.”
This new leftist surge also is notable for being unafraid to call out bad politicians, bad media outlets and bad pundits. The politics of civility are DOA for this group, and older, more aristocratic codes of conduct have been completely eschewed. But it's not just about critical destruction; it's ultimately about building a better, more honest community.
Leftist podcasts feed leftist groups like DSA, Anthony argues, “which in turn feeds the podcast and they build and grow together. Turns out not having gatekeepers means radical ideas don't seem that radical anymore. Then they start to seem obvious. Then you have a movement.”
Chapo Trap House — one of the most influential leftist podcasts in the country — also has been contributing to this movement and will bring its Noid-loving cocktail of irony-poisoned stream-of-consciousness for its first show in L.A. on Friday night. One could probably expect a fair amount of roasting of L.A.'s flaws (we have many) or a dissection of pop culture mythology or something very L.A.-specific (it has been promising an episode of Richard Kelly's Southland Tales, after all) or maybe Sebastian Gorka will join in the fun. Love 'em or leave 'em, they're part of a wider push by independent media producers on the left who are literally dying because of corporate greed and a movement trying to reimagine a culture outside capital control. And, apparently, the revolution also will feature a lot of cum jokes.
Los Angeles Podcast Festival, Millennium Biltmore, 506 S. Grand Ave., downtown; Fri.-Sun., Oct. 6-8. lapodfest.com.
*The author of this piece is a DSA-LA affiliate who now spends most of their free time time screaming at the mayor.
Kurt Russell had a problem spitting out the name Star-Lord on the set of Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2. They kept referring to Chris Pratt's character Star-Lord as Star Wars on set, as seen in the recently released bonus content of digital and Blu-ray releases of the movie. Apparently, the mistake happened more than a few times, resulting in big laughs from the cast and crew every time while clearly frustrating Russell. To add an extra level of humor to the situation, Russell originally tried out for the Han Solo role in A New Hope.
According to Hollywood Reporter, Kurt Russell told the set that, "we could be in trouble," jokingly referring to their frequent mentions of Star Wars. In a Guardians Vol. 2 outtake included in the bonus features of Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, Russell's Ego character is talking about the "man they call Star-Lord." Ego's Russell says this instead.
"Well, even where I reside out past the edge of what is known, we've heard of the man they call Star Wars."
In another take, Russell does it again and gets frustrated saying, "Yes, Star Wars. He's all of Star Wars. We've heard of the movie Star Wars. Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 director James Gunn took to Twitter to confirm that Russell made the mistake more than once by saying, "Haha, they really did. That was the weirdest thing." But it makes sense; the two words are phonetically similar, they both take place in space and have weird aliens, they're both owned by Disney, and Kurt Russell auditioned to be in the original Star Wars Trilogy as Han Solo, which may or may not have added to the confusion.
Back in 1976 a young Kurt Russell was in the running to be Han Solo, a role that eventually went to Harrison Ford. The footage of the audition has been available online for a while and it features Russell portraying Solo as less rough around the edges than the character ended up. I'm sure if Russell had gotten the part there would be no question that they were the perfect Han Solo after all of these years, but George Lucas decided to go with Harrison Ford. It has been rumored that Sylvester Stallone, Nick Nolte, Christopher Walken, and Al Pacino tried out or were considered for the part as well.
Kurt Russell goofed up a few lines of dialogue and now it's preserved on Blu-ray for your viewing pleasure. Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 is available now to stream or download and will be available on Blu-ray starting August 22nd, 2017. As far as Han Solo is concerned, we'll get to see Alden Ehrenreich as a young version of the character in the Ron Howard directed Han Solo movie coming out on May 25th, 2018. While you wait for the official release of the Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 Blu-ray release, check out Kurt Russell's audition footage for A New Hope below.
There's farmer drama for renowned food writer Mark Bittman.
The author — who has written for the New York Times and New York magazine — somehow managed to plow themselves into such a deep ditch at a farming conference “covering issues like crop rotation and federal subsidies for hoop houses” that it was “rocked by conflict” and they issued an apology the next day.
According to the New Food Economy Web site, Bittman delivered an “ambitious and rousing” keynote address on Wednesday at the Young Farmers Conference upstate that “proposed nothing less than remedying America's racist farm system.”
But Bittman put the fox among the chickens during the Q&A. After a farmer asked, “How do you hold yourself accountable to communities of color and vulnerable communities? To the things you say that you aspire to change?” Bittman reportedly responded by saying only, “Fair enough.”
Wrote the New Food Economy — which has a surprising flair for tense reportage — “That sucked the air out of the room.” Parried Bittman's rural inquisitor, “I just want to let black people know that your dismissal was hurtful. It was enraging.”
On Thursday, Bittman posted on Twitter: “It's clear that I offended people at last night's gathering; I apologize for that. I realize my inability to effectively address the question of how I hold myself accountable to people of color . . . made people angry and upset, and I regret how I (mis)handled that moment; my inadequacies were on full display.”
They added, “I'm committed to listening and learning, and I'll continue to try to deepen my understanding of the issues raised last night.”
These are the hand grips I'm happy to exist. When I'm playing a two-player game and have to split up my Joy-Cons, playing in sideways mode starts to hurt pretty fast. These mini comfort grips completely take care of the problems associated with sideways Joy-Con gameplay. They've got hand rest extensions that give you a much better grip, and also have a small raised bump on the back so your fingers have something rounded and comfortable to rest on. It's got cutaways for the side buttons, so you'll be able to play any game without hindrances. The covers also come with a set of thumb grips, in case you find the joystick to be a little too dainty. The whole package comes in at about $12. See at Amazon TNP Nintendo Switch Joy-Con Grip Gel Guards
If you're just looking for something to make your Joy-Cons a little more ergonomic in the standard position, these gel guards have you covered. For the most part, they're simply a silicon slip cover to protect your Joy-Cons from scratches and scuffs, but they're designed with a rounded grip toward the palm area for handheld comfort. All of the buttons are exposed, so nothing is obstructed from gameplay. This slip case is great for people that normally play solo, and it doesn't interfere with anything whether your holding your Switch or have it docked to your TV. The only issue with this design is that it's not very comfortable in sideways mode. Luckily, they're cheap enough at about $7 - $8 that you could get a set of these and a set of the Surge grips. They come in gray, black, neon yellow, neon red, and neon blue. See at Amazon YoRHa Studded Silicone Cover for Joy-Cons
Maybe the Joy-Cons don't bother you a bit, but you'd like them to be a little bit more grippy. If your sweaty palms tend to make your Joy-Cons slip out of your fingers too much and you'd like something that makes it so you don't have to clamp down on each one with the strength of a gorilla, try these studded silicon slip covers. They've got small raised bumps on the backside to help with grip. YoRHa also incudes a set of four different sized thumb grips. Each one is slightly taller than the last, giving you lots of variety on how much you want your joystick to protrude from the controller. These $10 covers come in black, red, blue, and red and blue. See at Amazon YoRHa HAND GRIP Silicone Case for Nintendo Switch
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, one of the world's richest people with a net worth north of $90 billion, recently asked their Twitter followers for suggestions regarding philanthropic giving. They wanted their ideas on how to help the world become a better place. “I'm thinking I want much of my philanthropic activity to be helping people in the here and now — short term — at the intersection of urgent need and lasting impact.”
As a bookseller, I'd like to offer a suggestion: Stop hawking books on Amazon at such drastically slashed prices.
Mr. Bezos, your strategy was brilliant. You offered up books at unbeatable prices and threw in free shipping as well. The public was hooked. You broadened your inventory and offered other items. With the convenience of shopping 24/7 from one's own computer, you transformed retail. And it brought you immense wealth.
Years later, you continue to sell books at a heavy discount, often at half the list price. For us brick-and-mortar booksellers, this master business plan you devised has been devastating. Independent bookstores across the country were forced to close their doors. Where once neighborhood bookstores abounded there are now many communities that have none.
You don't have to work through the intermediary of a charity. You can simply raise the price of the books you offer for sale on your site to fair market value.
Now, it's true that the indie industry has recovered somewhat since a low point in 2009, and that the number of stores has actually been growing. But it's still an extremely tough business, in part because of you.
There is no way we can come close to matching your undercut prices. If we were to sell books at the rates you do — at or below what we buy them for from publishers — we would have no money to pay our rent, our staff or our utilities. It just can't be done. Believe me when I tell you, no one gets rich running a bookstore – the profit margin is modest at best. To just break even after expenses is to run a successful store.
We do it anyway because selling books is a calling. Booksellers are devoted to the written word. They find immense pleasure in finding just the right book for a customer in search of something to read. A good bookseller can do this even if the customer is looking for a genre that the bookseller is not well versed in. That's the art of bookselling.
Books are not just a commodity, like a car battery or jacket or a pair of boots. They tell our stories and are the basis of our culture. They let us travel to worlds we would never otherwise see. They open our eyes and make us better for the things they reveal. Books let us escape our problems or help us to solve them; they inspire us. They present new, different perspectives, make us think and invite dialogue.
It's therefore vitally important that we avoid a future in which a single company has a virtual monopoly on bookselling. That company could decide which perspectives to disseminate, and which to silence.
A neighborhood bookstore provides shelves for a child to walk beside and discover a story that piques their or their curiosity. It is a place where readers of all ages gather. Neighborhood bookstores provide readings for authors to discuss their stories, for book groups to have discussions. Bookstores bring people together for real, face-to-face, human-to-human interactions. They invite diversity in publishing by championing budding voices and new small presses.
I ask you to think about this now that you have reached a place where you desire to help people.
You don't have to work through the intermediary of a charity. You can simply raise the price of the books you offer for sale on your site to fair market value. Yes, what I'm asking you to do is no more, or less than to make a profit on your book sales. You might see a drop in how many books you move, but people would continue using your site for the convenience. Surely you must know this is true.
By implementing this single yet monumental change to your business model, you would remain the most powerful retail site in the country, still generating tremendous profits. But you would give independent neighborhood bookstores a better chance to survive and promote reading culture “in the here and now.” That would be a lasting legacy.
B.J. Hegedus is a gift-buyer and the merchandising designer for Vroman's Bookstore and Book Soup.
Follow the Opinion section on Twitter @latimesopinion or Facebook
GENEVA (Reuters) - The U.N. human rights office has "strong indications" that Mexican federal security forces are behind a wave of disappearances in and around the city of Nuevo Laredo, a statement from the U.N. human rights chief said on Wednesday.
Mexican officials did not immediately respond to the UN allegations.
The U.N. has documented the disappearance of 21 men and two women in Nuevo Laredo in Tamaulipas State from February until May 16 this year, the statement from U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein said.
"Many of these people are reported to have been arbitrarily detained and disappeared while going about their daily lives," the statement quoted Zeid as saying.
A local human rights organization put the number of disappearances in Nuevo Laredo at more than 40, and the U.N. human rights office received testimonies that they were allegedly perpetrated by a federal security force, often late at night or at dawn, the statement said.
The report is the latest finding by international groups highlighting alleged abuses by the government in its decade-long battle against criminal gangs.
More than 35,000 people have gone missing since former President Felipe Calderon sent military forces to battle drug gangs in late 2006.
There have been more than 200,000 murders since then, with a record number last year fuelling widespread anger with President Enrique Pena Nieto's ruling party ahead of a July 1 presidential election.
"Mexico is a mutilated country that stinks of blood, where you step on a mass grave wherever you go," said Fernando Rios, head of local human rights group Red TDT, in response to the U.N report.
Zeid has called on Mexican authorities to end the disappearances "amid strong indications that these crimes have been committed by federal security forces", the statement said.
"It is particularly horrific that at least five of the victims are minors, with three of them as young as 14. These crimes, perpetrated over four months in a single municipality, are outrageous," they said.
The authorities had ample information and evidence but had made little progress in investigating, the statement said, noting relatives of those missing had so far found the bodies of at least six victims.
Mexico's National Human Rights Commission asked the Navy and others to protect the population of Tamaulipas, but at least three disappearances had happened since then.
Zeid said the events were a litmus test of whether Mexico's new General Law on Disappearances represented real change or a continued failure of justice.
"In the case of enforced disappearance and extrajudicial executions carried out by public officials, it is even more urgent for the state to act to demonstrate that it neither condones nor tolerates the commission of such grave violations," they said.
(Reporting by Tom Miles; Additional reporting by Lizbeth Diaz in Mexico City; Editing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg and Dan Grebler)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
By: Raazia Syed
“Oh Mom, you know I am a meat lover and even today you have cooked bitter melon, is this your favourite vegetable? I cannot eat any vegetable without meat.”
This is the story of every youngster today; they don't like vegetables and beans, but only demand for mutton and chicken. It can be noticed that young generation prefer to eat pizzas and burgers and other fast food items.
Fast food is the main cause of many harmful diseases, although vegetables like bitter melon are very useful for our strong body and healthy brain. Bitter melon is a natural antibiotic, it is found in Asia, Africa, South America and Caribbean countries.
According to the research, conducted in 2010, bitter melon is used in cure of many chronic diseases like cancer and diabetes. It is the better treatment for cancer patients, because it lowers the cell proliferation and induced apoptotic cell death.
Talking about diabetes, if diabetics use 2000 mg quantity of bitter melon, they can lower their sugar level very easily, moreover its extracts destroys glucose metabolism and prevents from high blood sugar.
People use its juice and extracts as medicine, and cook full minced bitter melon. These vegetables full of all essential ingredients, it contains iron and minerals but it is found in only summer season. If you have gas trouble and abdominal pain you should avoid bitter melon...
Published in Young Nation magazine on January 21, 2017
When it comes to jobs in the growing cybersecurity industry, there is a huge gender crisis, with men holding 87 percent of the chief information security officer (CISO) roles at Fortune 500 companies, a new report revealed on Monday.
According to the global market research firm Forrester, the CISO role is dominated by men and Fortune 20 companies fare a bit worse, with only two female CISOs within that cohort.
"Calling a discrepancy this large a gender gap is a clear understatement. This is an emergency signal warning us that the cybersecurity industry has major issues welcoming, developing, and promoting female cybersecurity talent," said Jeff Pollard, Principal Analyst.
"It's difficult to sympathise with those claiming talent shortage challenges when roughly half of the population is so underrepresented," they added.
Among Fortune 500 companies, 45 percent CISOs have MBAs, demonstrating the growing need for CISOs to understand, speak and think in business terms despite technology backgrounds.
Only 11 percent of Fortune 500 CISOs list a military background, with only 4 percent previously employed by law enforcement, the report noted.
"Fortune 500 CISOs have longer tenure than expected at four years, which is plenty of time to strategise, develop plans, execute, and look ahead to the next step in their career path," it added.
Securing the role of CISO proves to be difficult for longstanding employees.
Nearly 59 percent of CISOs were external hires with that number jumping to 64 percent in Fortune 100 companies.
While Fortune 100 companies are reluctant to hire rookie CISOs, Fortune 500 companies are much more interested in individuals who are new to the role, with rookies making up 2/3 of Fortune 500 CISOs.
Calls have been made for new charges to get rid of certain types of waste at Hartlepool recycling centre to be scrapped.
The call by Councillor David Riddle comes after recent Government statements that councils should not charge householders from disposing of DIY household waste at rubbish dumps.
Hartlepool Borough Council introduced new charges on April 1 at the Burn Road site on waste it says is not typically generated in the home including soil, plasterboard, rubble and ceramics including bathroom suites.
Coun Riddle has questioned the legality of the charges. A new Government Litter Strategy for England announced this week includes measures to stop councils charging householders to dispose of DIY household waste at civic tips.
Coun Riddle, of Putting Hartlepool First, said: “It's been made very clear by the Government that it believes such charges increase fly-tipping and guidelines introduced in March 2015 which prohibit charging were intended to include precisely the kind of household waste for which the council has recently introduced new charges.
“I have now written to Councillor Marjorie James, Chair of the Neighbourhood Services Committee, asking when they will be announcing that these charges have been scrapped and what arrangements they will be making to reimburse people for any charges already applied.
“The Government are now saying exactly what myself and other councillors pointed out to Coun James. Charges like this encourage fly-tipping.”
But Hartlepool council said it is confident the charges comply with Government legislation and does not plan to withdraw them.
A council spokesperson said: “The ongoing significant cuts in Government grant are forcing the Council to introduce charges or increase charges across a number of local services.
“We are confident that the recent charges introduced at our recycling centre fully comply with Government legislation.
“This enables councils to levy a charge for waste that isn't typically generated in the home on a day-to-day basis such as soil, hardcore, rubble, ceramics (including bathroom suites), plasterboard and tyres.
“We are aware of recent statements issued by the Government which, in our view, contradict the current legislation.
“However, until such time that the legislation is changed, we will continue to charge for materials deemed not to be everyday household waste.”
The council said it is not obliged to take waste not normally produced in the home at recycling centres.
0
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
-
With The Lost City of Z now playing in New York and Los Angeles and expanding nationwide April 21st, I recently sat down with Charlie Hunnam to talk about the making of the film. During the interview, they talked about the logistical challenges of making the film, how they got involved in the project, what it was like working for writer-director James Gray, how it was a passion project for all involved, and a crazy day on set where a bolt of lightning and a massive thunderstorm forced them to evacuate their location.
If you're not familiar with The Lost City of Z, the film is based on David Grann‘s best-selling book, “The Lost City of Z: A Tale of Deadly Obsession in the Amazon”, and it tells the incredible true story of British explorer Percy Fawcett (Charlie Hunnam), who journeys into the Amazon at the dawn of the 20th century and discovers evidence of a previously unknown, advanced civilization that may have once inhabited the region. Despite being ridiculed by the scientific establishment who regard indigenous populations as “savages”, the determined Fawcett – supported by their devoted wife (Sienna Miller), son (Tom Holland) and aide de camp (Robert Pattinson) – returns time and again to their beloved jungle in an attempt to prove their case, culminating in their mysterious disappearance in 1925.
Loaded with exceptional performances, breathtaking cinematography, and a fantastic script, I absolutely loved the film and strongly recommend checking it out when it's playing near you. It's definitely one of my favorite films of 2017. For more on The Lost City of Z, you can read Chris Cabin's glowing review.
Check out what James Gray had to say in the video above and below is a listing of what we talked about followed by some images from the film.
Charlie Hunnam:
Were you up and watching the nominations this morning?
No, I was not. I was asleep. The publicist called. I know, I know. It was amazing.
This is actually your first Globe nomination?
It is my first. I've actually never been. It always looks like such fun, it just looks like a real party. I'm excited to go.
What does it mean to be recognized for this role in particular?
Maybe it connected with people. All of the nominations the film got is heartening. Whenever you make a movie, you want it to connect with people, you want it to connect on an emotional level. That's the reason you made it. And when it does, it's just, to be back in high school, it's just really cool.
Your character finds themselves as an unlikely co-conspirator in spiriting away the creator. Is there anything in particular you enjoyed about the character?
I love somebody who does something that they're terrified to do. So you know they're doing it for a good reason. It's not easy for them, it's just really hard. And they'd do anything to get out of it, but they go through with it. It's what the movie is about, it's about love, their love for Eliza [Sally Hawkins] and their understanding finally that they are their dearest friend.
Google CEO Sundar Pichai recently declared that artificial intelligence fueled by powerful computers was more important to humanity than fire or electricity. And yet the search giant increasingly faces a variety of messy people problems as well. The company has vowed to employ thousands of human checkers just to catch rogue YouTube posters, Russian bots and other purveyors of unsavory content. It's also on a buying spree to find office space for its burgeoning workforce in pricey Silicon Valley. For a company that built its success on using faceless algorithms to automate many human tasks, this focus on people presents something of a conundrum. Yet it's also a necessary one as lawmakers ramp up the pressure on Google to deter foreign powers from abusing its platforms and its YouTube unit draws fire for offensive videos , particularly ones aimed at younger audiences.
In the latest quarter alone, Google parent Alphabet Inc. added 2,009 workers, for a total of 80,110. Over the last three years, it hired a net 2,245 people per quarter on average. That's nearly 173 per week, or 25 people per day. Some of the extra workers this year will be part of Google's pledge to have 10,000 people across the company snooping out videos and other material that violate the company's policies -but which computers can't catch on their own. That program will lead to what Google calls "significant growth " in personnel.
Google will take on even more workers in the current quarter now that it has closed its $1.1 billion purchase of part of hardware maker HTC, bringing onboard the 2,000-plus engineers who worked on the Pixel smartphone line. On Thursday, Pichai spoke bullishly about content-checkers hiring, saying the investments now set the company up to capture growth in the future -in the same call with investors that they touted self-driving vehicles developed by Alphabet's Waymo unit, which aim to do away with human drivers entirely. For instance, Pichai said they see consumers increasingly watching YouTube videos on connected TVs in the living room, a lucrative segment of growth for the digital video advertising that helps power Google's growth.
After controversies over YouTube stars who made anti-Semitic comments or showed video of someone who had apparently died by suicide, Google has tightened its standards . It has limited which YouTube channels can serve up ads; vowed to manually review every video in its most popular channels for 18-to-34-year-olds; and will pay outside companies to ensure that brands don't have their ads turn up next to unsuitable videos. Google's growing workforce has the company on a real-estate tear.
It recently opened up offices in Austin, Texas; Ann Arbor, Michigan; Boulder, Colorado; and is planning to open offices in Detroit. It broke ground in November on a huge office building in the heart of London, home to its DeepMind artificial intelligence unit, that will come complete with a rooftop running track. Pichai said the company intends to hire "thousands of people across the U.S." this year, build or open five new data centers, and make "significant investments" in nine states.
After a rocky first nine months of the year, British retail institution Marks & Spencer (LSE: MSK) finished the year as one of the FTSE 100's strongest performers in Q4. The stock advanced 6% between October and December.
Investors have felt compelled to pile back into it thanks to a steady stream of bubbly high street data, confounding predictions of a sharp decline in shopper appetite following June's Brexit vote.
Indeed, the latest CBI retail survey showed sales volumes last month leaping at their fastest pace since September 2015. But the body's chief economist Ben Jones has warned that conditions look set to get much tougher — Jones cautioned that “the pressures on retail activity are likely to increase during 2017, as the impact of sterling's depreciation feeds through.”
With inflation expected to rise sharply this year, woeful demand for Marks & Spencer's fashion lines looks set to worsen even further. The company saw like-for-like sales of its clothing and homeware items slide 5.9% during April-September as the public continued to shun its offer.
With appetite for Marks & Spencer's food divisions also slipping in recent months, I believe there's little to prompt stock pickers to keep piling in. And while a prospective P/E ratio of 12.1 times is attractive on paper, I reckon the retailer's share price is in danger of collapsing again should fresh restructuring fail and deteriorating market conditions keep sending sales lower.
Sell Shell?
It comes as little surprise that Royal Dutch Shell (LSE: RDSB) has rocketed during the fourth quarter, the stock reaching 13-month peaks just last week on the back of the successful OPEC production accord. Shell gained 18% in total during October-December.
The Doha deal has been heralded as a game-changer in addressing the supply/demand imbalance washing over the oil market. And with no little reason. After all, OPEC is responsible for around 40% of global crude output.
But those believing in an immediate eradication of the supply overhang may end up disappointed as output rises elsewhere. The latest Baker Hughes rig survey showed another 13 rigs added in the US during the week to December 23, taking the total to 523. This is the eighth weekly rise in a row, and the count is likely to keep rising thanks to Brent's move back above $50 per barrel.
And this isn't the only barrier to additional oil price strength, and with it a solid earnings rebound at the likes of Shell, as a surging US dollar could see already-patchy crude demand come under further strain.
With many also casting doubts on the robustness of OPEC's November production cut, I believe investor appetite for Shell could moderate again. Indeed, a forward P/E rating of 15.7 times fails to reflect the fossil fuel leviathan's huge risk profile, in my opinion, particularly as industry data remains less-than-reassuring. I reckon recent share price strength leaves Shell in peril of a heavy correction.
Fool-proof your portfolio Times of macroeconomic uncertainty like these mean that picking the 'right' stock can be more difficult than usual. With this in mind, our crack team of boffins has drawn up a report titled Worst Mistakes Investors Make that outlines the key things you should consider before taking the plunge. There are a multitude of traps share investors can fall into, from timing their trades incorrectly to listening to the wrong information. And this is where The Motley Fool can help. Click here to download the report. It's 100% free and can be delivered straight to your inbox.
Regarding coverage of the Grammy Awards: Hip-hop artists deserve their due and their glory. But when The Times' writers insist that hip-hop is now "culturally dominant," it raises issues. First, when anyone insists that any art form is culturally dominant to the point of being the Future, it instantly isn't. Second, it seems to imply that other forms of music are no longer relevant, that if we care about justice and truth, we'll mainly listen to hip-hop (or rock or punk or country). This isn't helpful, because we have a nation of mono-cultures, i.e. people who listen, read or watch only one thing — whether it's Fox News or golden oldies or hip-hop. Genius in all other forms goes unnoticed or forgotten. Hip-hop is strong and deserves its day in the sun, but let the art form stand or fall on its own.
Anyone who has ever listened to Anna Faris' podcast Unqualified is well-acquainted with their 5-year-old son Jack Pratt. The precocious little boy sometimes acts as a guest host on the show, where Faris interviews friends and celebrities, and he's a true charmer. But recently, Jack became the subject of their mom's podcast rather than the host. During an interview with Jimmy Kimmel and their wife, writer Molly McNearney, Faris opened up about their son's health issues.
Jack Pratt, whom Faris shares with ex-husband Chris Pratt, was born two months preterm back in 2012. At the time, both Pratt and Faris struggled to come to terms with the health struggles Jack could suffer in the future, as they told GQ during a 2014 interview:
They were born at three pounds, and we were told, 'OK, you need to be prepared for raising a special-needs child.'
Pratt added in the interview:
The baby was so beautiful to us, and I look back at the photos of them and it must have been jarring for other people to come in and see him, but to us they were so beautiful and perfect.
Since then, both Faris and Pratt have taken to social media through they years to express their joy and happiness as parents to young Jack. Taking in baseball games, fishing, camping, or just hanging out at home, both parents are clearly over the moon for their son.
But that doesn't mean it's always been easy.
Faris talked about some of the struggles Jack has dealt with along the way because they were born preterm with Kimmel and McNearney during their recent Unqualified podcast. The subject came up because of Kimmel's son Billy, who has undergone two heart surgeries since their birth seven months ago. The Mom actor noted that kids tend to be more "resilient" than we realize:
Jack had a few surgeries — they had a few hernia surgeries, he's had a few eye surgeries and they had a little heart issue as well.
Of course, trying to come to terms with Jack's health issues took a certain level of resilience on Faris' part as well, as they noted in their podcast:
When Jack was born two months early, it came as a huge shock. And suddenly, your whole world shifts. The doctors and nurses that helped us and surrounded us were so unbelievably supportive that it inspired Chris and I and my parents to all get involved in this.
The program Faris mentioned is GAPPS, or Global Alliance to Prevent Prematurity and Stillbirth. It's a program meant to help improve global awareness to help prevent preterm and stillbirths; both they and Pratt continue to support in the wake of Jack's birth.
An estimated 15 million babies are born preterm every year across the world. Babies born before 37 weeks can suffer ongoing complications that last for years. As the March of Dimes notes, babies who are born preterm could potentially deal with a whole host of difficult side effects, including:
intestinal problems
hearing loss
vision problems like retinopathy
chronic infections
cerebral palsy
developmental delays
As difficult as it must be for Faris to speak openly about their son Jack's health struggles, it makes a difference. Celebrities like Faris and Kimmel who are willing to talk about their kids' health concerns start a conversation and connect. To parents out there who are dealing with a child with health concerns who might feel alone, hopeless, or afraid. Just seeing pictures of Faris' smiling, happy son Jack loving life is proof that there is clearly hope. That, as difficult as things might look, it's perfectly possible that it will all work out eventually.
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
2019 Aston Martin DB11 AMR Enlarge Photo
Aston Martin has replaced its standard V-12-powered DB11 with the more hardcore DB11 AMR, and we've just tested it. The car sticks with Aston's new 5.2-liter twin-turbocharged V-12 but sees the output dialed up to 630 horsepower. No word yet if an even more hardcore DB11 AMR Pro is coming.
Audi's Q8 flagship SUV is coming next month and the automaker is dropping hints via a series of teasers and online miniseries, the first episodes of which are already online. Judging from what we've seen, the production Q8 shouldn't stray too far from the cool concept versions Audi rolled out last year.
Mercedes-Benz is working on a compact SUV to sit between the GLA and GLC. According to dealer sources, it reaches the United States late next year as a 2020 model. Sadly, it won't be the downsized G-Class that many were hoping for.
You'll find these stories and more in today's car news, right here at Motor Authority.
2019 Aston Martin DB11 AMR first drive review: continuous improvement rings true
Audi teases Q8 and associated miniseries
Mercedes GLB shown to dealers, will likely come from Mexico
2018 Ford Ecosport review
BMW M4 Gran Coupe in the works for next 4-Series?
That's wacky! The most bizarre green cars ever proposed, Part I
2019 Volkswagen T-Cross spy shots and video
112,000 Chevrolet Cruze compact cars recalled over potential fuel leak
David Lee and their controversial Dino visit Jay Leno's Garage
Tesla nearing limit of $7,500 federal tax credits, which will boost effective prices this fall
On the occasion of Independence Day, Nokia finally is all set to begin with the sale of its brand new much awaited smartphone ‘Nokia 5' in India from tomorrow. The smartphone will be available in retail stores in 10 cities while it will also be available on Amazon India exclusively.
The Nokia 5 is priced at Rs. 12,499, and some launch offers have also been revealed by HMD Global. Vodafone customers will get 5GB data per month at Rs. 149 per month for 3 months on the smartphone. Buyers will also get Rs. 2,500 off (Rs. 1,800 on hotels & Rs.700 off on domestic flights) on Makemytrip.com.
The Nokia 5 comes with a fingerprint scanner mounted on the home button and sports a 5.2-inch HD (720×1280 pixel) display. It runs on Android 7.1.1 Nougat and is powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 SoC coupled with 2GB of RAM. It comes with 16GB of inbuilt storage, which is expandable via microSD card (up to 128GB). Nokia 5 packs a 13-megapixel camera on the back along with a flashlight and while an 8-megapixel sensor sits at the front.
The design of Nokia 5 is highlighted with a “seamless aluminium 6000 series” body that wraps around the edges for a smooth, rounded shape, which the company says is a “perfect fit for those who need great design, specs at its price.” It measures 149.7×72.5×8.05mm and houses a 3000mAh non-removable battery.
Three weeks after drinking out of the Claret Jug to celebrate close friend Jordan Spieth's Open victory, Justin Thomas had a major trophy of their own after their victory in the US PGA Championship.
Thomas carded a closing 68 in a thrilling final round at Quail Hollow to finish eight under par, two shots ahead of Patrick Reed, Louis Oosthuizen and Francesco Molinari.
Rickie Fowler and Hideki Matsuyama shared fifth place on five under with Kevin Kisner, who needed to eagle the 18th to force a play-off but ran up a double bogey, dropping back into a tie for seventh with Graham DeLaet.
England's Jordan Smith, playing in their first major championship, carded a closing 68 to finish in a tie for ninth with Open runner-up Matt Kuchar, former world number one Jason Day and Chris Stroud.
Fowler and Spieth were among the players to wait beside the 18th green to congratulate Thomas, who became the youngest player to shoot 59 on the PGA Tour on their way to winning back-to-back events in Hawaii in January.
"It's awesome and I think they know I would do the same for them," Thomas said. "It's a cool little friendship we have.
"We obviously all want to win. We want to beat the other person. But if we can't win, we at least want to enjoy it with our friends. I think that we'll all be able to enjoy this together and I know it's going to make them more hungry, just like it did for me, (watching) Jordan at the British."
Thomas began the final round two shots off the lead and had to hole from 14 feet on the first for a bogey after visiting three separate bunkers, with a fortunate birdie on the 10th also proving crucial.
The 24-year-old's hooked drive bounced off the trees and back into the fairway, from where they were almost able to find the green. After chipping to eight feet Thomas saw their birdie putt hang on the edge of the hole for nearly 10 seconds before it eventually dropped in.
''The putt on 10 was funny because it snuck up on the hole,'' they added. ''We read it going back a little back right and it never did. I kind of acted like a child and threw a little tantrum, but then it went in and I didn't look so dumb.''
Thomas went on to chip in for birdie on the 13th and produced a brilliant tee shot on the 17th to set up another, which allowed them the luxury of a bogey on the 18th.
They added: " 'I hate to admit this but I'm kind of superstitious and weird about the night before, or when I get in contention, about people saying stuff, y ou know, like, 'Let's go out and get it done tomorrow, let's go do this'.
''(But) I truly felt like I was going to win. I remember my girlfriend was supposed to fly out at about 7.00pm and I was like, 'You need to change your flight to later, because I don't know, I just feel like I don't want you to miss this. I feel like I'm going to get it done.''
Police are calling on Kenyans especially in northern counties of Mandera, Wajir and Garissa to be vigilant and aid with information of four suspected Al-shabaab militia believed to have crossed to the country from Somalia.
The four led by Ibrahim Mohammed alias Shariif Li Kului are said to be planning terror attacks in the country as Muslims observe the holy month of Ramadan.
The four terrorists led by Ibrahim Mohammed alias Shariif Li Kului include Mumina Eroba, Abdiwahab Osman Ahmed and Ahmed Dabar are said to be orchestrating attacks in the country.
The four are believed to have sneaked into the country using porous Kenyan Somalia borders in Mandera, Wajir and Garissa which police say is now becoming transit points of the terror group.
Get breaking news on your Mobile as-it-happens. SMS ‘NEWS' to 22163
Kulul is said to have sent one Ahmed Dabar to look for targets including government employees to be used in attack to be staged in Mandera and Wajir counties.
Police are cautioning area locals to be extra vigilant saying Ahmed Dabar who is a native of Wajir County was a student at Madarasatul Muad and was involved in the February 2018 attack on teachers at Qarsa primary in Wajir County.
Abdiwahab Osman Ahmed who also hails from the Wajir County is currently hiding in Gedo having left for Somalia in 2016.
The police are in the meantime assuring Kenyans of their safety maintaining that security has been enhanced at all levels.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
COURTESY OF WILKES-BARRE CITY POLICE Police are seeking this man they say frequents downtown Wilkes-Barre.
WILKES-BARRE — City police are trying to locate a man who mysteriously showed up at Tuesday's vigil regarding a 12-year-old unsolved murder and made new claims about the cold case that startled family.
Family members of Patricia Moreton said the unidentified man showed up as the vigil ended and made accusations about the 2006 slaying.
“In 12 years, this is the very first time anyone has said anything. I don't know if it means something or if the guy was just blowing smoke,” Moreton's sister, Cathy Stephens, said Friday.
Stephens, 54, of Larksville, said police have told the family not to reveal what the man alleged until they can talk to them and investigate.
Moreton, 35, was found slain with a gunshot wound to their head on Jan. 31, 2006, inside their apartment at 340 Hazle St. in the city.
The man told Stephens they read about the planned vigil Tuesday while at a local doughnut shop and then traveled to the event at the Luzerne County Courthouse to tell family what they knew about the case.
Wilkes-Barre police obtained surveillance photos of the man and posted them on their Facebook page. They said the man is “believed to have information related to an ongoing case.”
Stephens confirmed the man in the photo is the man who approached them and their sister after the vigil Tuesday.
They said they wanted them to go to the police station with them, but they declined and left.
“He said, ‘OK. I feel better now. I'm going on my way,'” they recalled.
Stephens then reported the incident to Wilkes-Barre police.
City police are asking for the public's help in tracking down the man. They said they are believed to frequent downtown Wilkes-Barre.
Anyone with information can call Wilkes-Barre detectives at 570-208-4222.
Contact the writer:
bkalinowski@citizensvoice.com
570-821-2055, @cvbobkal
click to enlarge
Metro Detroiters came out in full force for downtown's big New Year's Eve festival — better known as Meridian Motor City NYE "the Drop" presented by Quicken Loans.More than 35,000 revelers attended this year's Meridian Motor City NYE "the Drop" presented by Quicken Loans, according to a publicist for Meridian Motor City NYE "the Drop" presented by Quicken Loans. An estimated 8,000 attended the Kids' Drop, the earlier, family-friendly version of Meridian Motor City NYE "the Drop" presented by Quicken Loans, the publicist says.Meridian Motor City NYE "the Drop" presented by Quicken Loans drew some 25,000 spectators in 2015, according to an earlier press release that announced Meridian as the title sponsor of Meridian Motor City NYE "the Drop" presented by Quicken Loans and Quicken Loans as the presenting sponsor of Meridian Motor City NYE "the Drop" presented by Quicken Loans.The free event, which was once again held at Cadillac Square in downtown's Campus Martius park, culminates in the lowering of a giant illuminated "D" at midnight (the eponymous "drop" in "Meridian Motor City NYE 'the Drop' presented by Quicken Loans").Here's an aerial photo of this year's Meridian Motor City NYE "the Drop" presented by Quicken Loans that was provided by Meridian Motor City NYE "the Drop" presented by Quicken Loans.Lookin' good, Detroit! Happy New Year!
Tue, Apr 24: Two Halifax-area women say they were forced to go the emergency room after they were drugged at a bar over the weekend. Natasha Pace has the story.
The Cape minstrel fraternity has been given a financial boost by the City of Cape Town through R6,1 million in funding to the minstrel events and Malay choirs this year. On Monday, the City said it would support six associations to host events, including Tweede Nuwe Jaar, other minstrel tournaments, and the Malay choir competitions.
The City will transfer R4,1 million in cash to the associations and provide R2 million in support services. City-owned venues will be made available at no cost to the associations.
“The City's support to these events is in line with our commitment to building an inclusive city by supporting events which bring people together. Each year the events resonate with families and communities across Cape Town as thousands of people, including tourists, fill the streets to watch the colourful and entertaining marches,” said the Mayors spokesperson, Zara Nicholson in a statement.
“The City's support will also allow communities to showcase our rich cultural diversity, while creating employment opportunities in the garment-making, events, catering and transport industries.”
They explained that all requests for the funding were received through the City of Cape Town's event support application system and were considered by the Special Events Committee (SpevCo) within their delegations or recommendations for support to Council.
The City took into account the Constitution, the Municipal Finance Management Act, the Prevention of Organised Crime Act, the City's Credit Control and Debt Collection Policy, and other considerations when they reviewed the applications.
After deliberations at the SpevCo meeting, the City proposed financial support to each association as follows:
But from the above list, it appears the Cape Town Minstrel Carnival Association (CTMCA) was not given any allocation for funding. For the past few years, the minstrels events have been dogged by infighting and politicking, both internally and with the City of Cape Town. Last year, the Cape Town Minstrel Carnival Association (CTMCA) approached the Western Cape High Court after the permit for its Voorsmakie parade was declined and they failed to secure funding for festive season minstrel events. The entire debacle placed the entire minstrels event in jeopardy.
The R4m allocation was instead handed to the Kaapse Klopse Karnival Assosiasie, despite the CTMCA running the event for the past 19 years. The permit for the Voorsmakie was declined due to non-compliance.
Nicholson said this is the first year that the City finalised the allocation of funding months ahead of the minstrel and choir events.
“It will empower associations to plan better, seek additional funding, and grow more sustainable events in the future,” they added. VOC
Comments
comments
Islamabad - The 2017 Winter Games concluded at Naltar Tuesday after the final competition of Chief of Air Staff Ski Championship.
In the u-13 slalom and giant slalom girls' categories, Fatima Sajjad won 2 gold medals whereas Soma Afzal and Amina bagged 2 silver and as many bronze medals. Khuseem Sahiba, Adeeba Alam and Rokiyya won gold, silver and bronze in girls slalom, whereas Khuseem, Sahiba, Rokiya and Adeeba won gold, silver and bronze medals in giant slalom girls u-16 categories.
In boys' u-16 slalom category, Fazal Wadoood, Nazeeer Shah and Raeees won gold, silver and bronze, whereas in slalom category, Salmon clinched gold, Fazal Wadoood silver and Raeees bronze. In u-13 giant slalom category, Shahid Javed, Ali Abbas and Naveed won gold, silver and bronze medals respectively, while in u-13 slalom category, Shahid Javed, Ali Zubaur and Ishtiaq won gold, silver and bronze medals respectively.
GIligit-Baltistan chief minister Hafiz Ur Reman was the chief guest on the final day, while Ski Federation secretary Air Commodore Syed Qaswar Abbas Naqvi presented the report of 36 days winter games.
This statement was originally published on rsf.org on
Following this week's announced arrests of ten suspects in Malta's investigation into anti-corruption journalist and blogger Daphne Caruana Galizia's murder on 16 October 2017, Reporters Without Borders (RSF) reiterates its call for a full and independent investigation to bring those responsible to justice.
Under European Union pressure for results, Maltese Prime Minister Joseph Muscat announced on 4 December that ten suspects had been arrested. They were the first arrests in the case, in which the government has been accused of both political interference and incompetence.
Caruana Galizia's family has issued a statement expressing astonishment that the arrests were announced by the prime minister and not by the police, as should be the case in this kind of investigation.
The statement also draws attention to other irregularities, including the fact that the names of the suspects were released and that the magistrate who issued the arrest warrant was not the investigating magistrate in charge of the case.
The family also said it was concerned that "a number of people who could be implicated continue to receive political cover for crimes they are widely reported to have committed." As there was no sign that the investigation was being conducted in an independent manner, the family would continue to demand an "independent and impartial investigation," the statement added.
"In the nearly two months since Daphne Caruana Galizia's death, the authorities have been unable to show that they are conducting their investigation in an impartial manner, so we support the family's request and we call for an independent international investigation to establish all the facts of their shocking murder," said Pauline Adès-Mével, the head of RSF's EU-Balkans desk.
The murder of Caruana Galizia, who often accused both Maltese government and opposition of corruption on their blog, has raised EU concerns about the rule of law in Malta.
A European Parliament delegation tasked with examining the situation in Malta made an exploratory visit to the capital, Valetta, last week and confirmed its concerns on its return. There was also grave concern about the death threats made against members of the delegation ahead of the visit.
Malta is currently ranked 47th out of 180 countries in RSF's World Press Freedom Index.
POSTED IN: Malta Impunity Attacks
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "22","recurring_event": "376","competition": "427","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "22","recurring_event": "376","competition": "427","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Lucknow: Rahat Qureshi, an accused in the killing of a youth in Uttar Pradesh's Kasganj after which communal violence started, was arrested on Saturday, Uttar Pradesh Police said.
The main accused in Chandan Gupta's murder, Salim, was arrested two days back.
A countryside pistol and some cartridges were also recovered from Qureshi's possession.
The arrest was made by the special operations group (SOG), an officer said, adding that the accused is being interrogated for their role in rioting, instigating people and murder.
A notice for auction has already been posted on their house and the police raided many places to look for him.
The other accused have been asked, through the auction notice, to surrender before a court by 1 March or face the risk of losing their houses.
So far five FIRs have been registered in the rioting and murder case, and 118 persons arrested.
Of these, 37 have been arrested under the five FIRs and 81 for breach of prohibitory orders clamped under Section 144 of the CrPC.
Of the three main accused in the Chandan murder case — Salim, Waseem and Naseem — only one has been arrested so far and the other two are still at large.
Other accused include Aslam, Akram, Taufeeq, Nasruddin, Aseem, Chillan, Rahat, Shabab, Salman, Mohsin, Saqib, Neeshu, Wasif and Babloo.
Start your 2017 swimming year off right. Here are 8 reasons to subscribe to SwimSwam Magazine:
ONE
You can still get the 2016 Olympic Year in Review with the Michael Phelps cover. In this issue we honor all of your favorite swim stars, Katie Ledecky, Ryan Murphy, Maya DiRado, Simone Manuel, Penny Oleksiak, Adam Peaty, Missy Franklin, Joseph Schooling, Anthony Ervin and many more.
TWO
Over 2017 we are making a slight change. This change will create a big impact, making each issue more like a collector's item than before. We will make the announcement mid-Feb.
THREE
If you subscribe to SwimSwam Magazine, you can also buy back issues. If you want one or more back issues, we have increased our printing because of demand. On the subscription page, check the box by any of the back issues to add them to your order.
FOUR
Our magazines are massive. The 2016 Olympic Year in Review comes in at 172 pages. (That's an increase of 40 pages over the 2015 Year in Review, which came in at 132 pages.)
FIVE
The quality is high. SwimSwam Magazine has perfect binding (like a book), heavy card stock, and an expensive cover finish. If you haven't subscribed, you simply don't know. SwimSwam Magazine is not only higher quality, you feel it the instant you touch the magazine. The texture is amazing, and you'll love how heavy it feels in your hands. Issues are nearly a pound.
SIX
With your subscription today you get the:
2016 Olympic Preview ( Michael Phelps cover) as a digital magazine
cover) as a digital magazine 2015 Year in Review ( Michael Phelps cover) as a digital magazine
cover) as a digital magazine 2016 Swimsuit Issue ( Ryan Lochte cover) as a digital magazine
cover) as a digital magazine 2016 College Preview ( Katie Ledecky cover) as a digital magazine
cover) as a digital magazine 2016 Olympic Year in Review as a print magazine
2017 Swimsuit Issue as a print magazine
2017 Summer Preview as a print magazine
2017 College Preview as a print magazine
All in, you will receive over 600 printed pages of magazine with your subscription, and an additional 600+ pages in digital magazine content.
If you are already a subscriber, go to swimswam.com/magazine/digital-access, type in your email/password and view the digital magazines.
SEVEN
Our covers are ideal for your coffee table or nightstand. Make a statement, show your swimming love, show that your sport is great and worth the respect it deserves. Adorn it with SwimSwam Magazine.
EIGHT
Because SwimSwam Magazine was named one of the 30 Hottest Launches of 2016.
Competitive Intelligence of Media Leaders (MIN/Mr. Magazine) names SwimSwam Magazine one of the 30 Hottest Launches of 2016. Criteria for making the 30 Hottest list included:
Design
Creativity
Audience reaction
Industry reaction
Many thanks to MIN for this honor. See the complete list of the 30 Hottest Launches here.
To knock you over with each issue, producing a must-have magazine that feels like a collector's item.
To produce unique features never before seen in swimming media.
To present swimming like it should be, the greatest sport on earth.
At SwimSwam, we love the sport, and we love changing the paradigm of how it's presented. For far too long swimming magazines have been the same, and it our goal to deliver something spectacular, a magazine you will be excited about getting every single time a new issue is released.
Tue, Feb 14: We've all been there: long hours in the hospital waiting room. But a new survey reveals it's not just patients feeling the stress, it's doctors too. And as Christa Dao explains, it comes at a time when emergency rooms are over capacity.
By Andrea Dresdale
Elias TahanChristmas is fast approaching, but the guys of 98 Degrees have been in the holiday spirit for half the year. They recorded their second Christmas album, Let It Snow, in the summer and kicked off their holiday tour last month.
While most people might need a Christmas detox after all that, they guys say they've embraced the non-stop Christmas cheer.
“Our single, ‘Season of Love,' is actually about taking the Christmas spirit year round, like the spirit of generosity and love,” Drew Lachey tells ABC Radio. “So, you know, we just got a jump-start. Yeah, we're living it. Every day.”
The group first became part of fans' holiday traditions with their first Christmas album, This Christmas, back in 1999.
“To be able to be part of people's traditions and their memories going forth for the rest of their lives, that's a big honor,” Drew says. “…That was a big reason why we decided we were gonna do another Christmas album.”
And an added bonus of doing a second Christmas album? A chance to shoot a better cover. The guys all have their complaints about that original cover — from Nick Lachey‘s out-of-place smoldering look to the sickly tint to their skin.
“If you look at that picture, there are so many things wrong with that picture,” Nick laughs. “You know, the brooding look is one, the color of our skin is another, the wardrobe is a third. There are a lot of things that we could point out on that cover.”
98 Degrees will wrap up their holiday tour on December 23 and head home for the holidays.
“Just getting home to be with [family] for the holidays is a gift for us and hopefully for them as well,” Jeff Timmons says.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Comments
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) – Verizon Wireless is back in the game, offering unlimited data plans for their high volume customers, with a price tag that is slightly higher than their wireless rivals, and it became available Monday.
The largest of the wireless carriers, Verizon did offer an unlimited data plan, back in 2012, but the company found the profits much more lucrative when there is a limit, and penalizing subscribers for going over their limits did create a new revenue stream.
Verizon Wireless President Ronan Dunne makes it clear in a company video, the company is bringing back its unlimited plan for its power users, because until now “they need to make a difficult choice–an inferior so-called unlimited plan on a discounted carrier, or a risk they would run out of data, or get hit with overages.”
Some of the conditions Verizon Wireless subscribers have to accept to receive the unlimited plan: 1.) agree to pay your monthly bills by autopay, where Verizon direct debits what you owe from your bank account, 2.) enroll in paperless billing–you receive your bills by email, and 3.) if any single line exceeds 22 gigabytes of data within the month, your connection speed could drop momentarily from 4G speed to 3G.
Spokesperson Carolyn Schaumberger explained, “Verizon customers will still enjoy 4G LTE data speeds after they hit the 22 GB mark, unless there is congestion on the network,” and likens the difference at 22 GB to rush hour traffic, “once the congestion on a particular cell site (or the network) clears up, customers will go back to 4G LTE speeds, even if they have reached the 22 GB threshold.”
Sprint and T-Mobile put similar conditions on their unlimited data plans. AT&T only permits customers whose unlimited data plans were grandfathered in, or they have to bundle their wireless service with a DirecTV account.
Dunne also believes Verizon Wireless' fiber optics lines deliver a quality that is superior to the other national carriers, “Verizon unlimited includes high definition, or HD, streaming–not inferior 480p video. You also can turn your phone into a mobile hot spot, with 10 GB of high speed data, no charge.”
But as Dunne has noted, unlimited data plans might not be for everyone. If your monthly cell phone bill indicates your average usage is well below the plan you are paying for, you might want to weigh the cost of switching to unlimited data, which Verizon Wireless starts at $80 a month for one line.
A Hindu organisation in Meerut has begun a nine-day ‘mahayagya' in which they will burn 500 quintals of mango wood to “reduce pollution”.The event organised by the Shri Ayutchandi Mahayagna Samiti began on Sunday, the Times of India reported.Nearly 350 Brahmins from Varanasi have gathered at the Bhainsali ground of Meerut city where 108 hawan kunds (fire pits) were made in a 125x125 square feet yagyashala (where priests sit to perform rituals).Meanwhile, the Uttar Pradesh Pollution Control Board (UPPCB) has refused to intervene in the matter, saying that they had no policy to probe anything related to a particular religion.“Burning such large quantities of wood will definitely cause pollution. But there is no policy under which a probe can be issued in this matter – so there is little that we can do. It will also be inappropriate for me to comment on the event,” R K Tyagi, regional officer of UPPCB in Meerut, told the Times of India.Members of the organisation refuted that the mahayagya is causing pollution, saying that it would purify the air. “We bought mango wood to be burnt after pouring ghee made of cow milk in all the 108 hawan kunds. In Hinduism, it is believed that yagya leads to purification of air. There is no scientific evidence to it because no research has been done so far. City residents will see purer air once the yagya is complete,” Girish Bansal, vice president, Shri Ayutchandi Mahayagya Samiti told the Times of India.Gyanendra Agarwal, president of the group, said, “Mango wood burnt after pouring pure ghee does not cause pollution. We are also adding sesame seeds, rice and barley to aid the purification process. According to a scientific report, the Ozone layer above our country is the least damaged because of frequent yagyas.”The committee has even distributed pamphlets instructing those willing to contribute to the event. All they had to contribute was 100 quintals of black sesame seeds, 60 quintals of rice, 30 quintals of barley and 150 ghee boxes.
The Latest on the incident in which a van plowed down a Toronto sidewalk, killing and injuring several people (all times local):
Alek Minassian, 25, was charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder, after they allegedly plowed a rented van onto a crowded sidewalk in Toronto, Canada — Photo: Alek Minassian / LinkedIn
4:30 p.m.
A Toronto police official says that women make up most of the victims of the deadly van attack but it's not yet known if they were deliberately targeted.
Toronto Police Services Det. Sgt. Graham Gibson says the 10 people killed and 14 injured were "predominantly" women. But they say they have no indication yet that suspect Alek Minassian was directing their rented van into women as they plowed into pedestrians in a north Toronto neighborhood on Monday.
The issue arose because of what police called a "cryptic" Facebook message posted by Minassian just before the incident that suggested they were part of an online community angry over their inability to form relationships with women.
Authorities have declined to disclose a possible motive in the attack.
Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders says "all the lanes are open with this investigation."
___
3:55 p.m.
Jordan's state-run Petra news agency says one of that country's citizens was among the 10 people killed when a van ran over pedestrians on a sidewalk.
The agency reported Tuesday that the Jordanian embassy in Ottawa is in contact with the family of Munair Najjar, who was in Toronto visiting family.
The embassy is helping arrange the transfer of Najjarr's body to Jordan. No other information about Najjar was released.
The attack in Toronto Monday also left 15 people injured.
___
3:25 p.m.
A Toronto police official says the man accused of driving a rental van into a crowd of pedestrians in Toronto posted a "cryptic" Facebook message minutes before the attack.
Toronto Police Services Det. Sgt. Graham Gibson says they are prohibited from discussing a possible motive because suspect Alek Minassian has been charged in the case.
Minassian on their now-deleted Facebook account saluted a community college student who killed six people and wounded 13 in shooting and stabbing attacks near the University of California, Santa Barbara, in 2014.
They called the Carlifornia killer Elliot Rodger "the Supreme Gentleman," The Facebook post declared: "The Incel Rebellion has already begun! We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys!"
The 22-year-old Rodger had used the term "incel" -- for involuntarily celibate -- in online posts raging at women for rejecting them romantically. Like-minded people in internet forums sometimes use "Chad" and "Stacy" as dismissive slang for men and women with more robust sex lives.
Monday's Facebook post mentions that "Private (Recruit) Minassian" is speaking, and Facebook confirmed that the post was on an account that belonged to the suspect.
The social networking site took down their account after the attack.
___
2:10 p.m.
A South Korean news agency says two Korean nationals were among 10 people killed when a van mounted a sidewalk and rammed into pedestrians in Toronto.
The Yonhap News Agency is citing government officials as saying three others are unaccounted for.
It also says one Korean national was seriously injured in the incident that took place Monday afternoon.
One of the people who died in the van attack has been identified as 20-year-old Anne Marie D'Amico, who worked at a U.S.-based investment firm.
Twenty-five-year-old Alek Minassian has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
___
1:20 p.m.
A government spokesperson says the man accused in a van attack that left 10 people dead in Toronto was briefly a member of the Canadian Armed Forces last year.
National Defense spokesperson Jessica Lamirande says Alek Minassian was a member of the forces from Aug. 23 until Oct. 25, 2017.
They say: "He did not complete their recruit training and requested to be voluntarily released from the CAF after 16 days of recruit training."
The 25-year-old man from Richmond Hill, Ontario, was charged on Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
Minassian had attended Thornlea Secondary School in Richmond Hill, graduating in 2011, according to school officials, who declined to provide further details.
A LinkedIn page with Minassian's name and photograph lists them as a student at Seneca College from 2011 to this year.
___
12:50 p.m.
Toronto City Councilor Cesar Palacio has identified one of the victims of Monday's van incident as Anne Marie D'Amico, whose parents live in their ward.
They say D'Amico also was a friend of their daughter, and they remember them as "a brilliant young girl" who was very active and interested in improving society. They spoke with their parents on Tuesday.
D'Amico worked at the investment management firm Invesco. Invesco Canada President Peter Intraligi issued a statement confirming the death of an employee and saying "our thoughts and prayers continue to be with all those impacted by this tragic event."
D'Amico volunteered at a Canada-based international humanitarian charity called Live Different. They helped build houses in the northern Dominican Republic in 2015 and 2017, according to Dave Hamilton, the charity's manager of school partnerships.
Them remembered them as "super-positive, always smiling, a funny person, always up for a challenge, and really wanted to help people out."
D'Amico's Facebook page says they attended Ryerson University in Toronto. The school said it could not confirm that, but President and Vice-Chancellor Mohamed Lachemi issued a statement offering "deepest sympathies to all of those affected by the terrible incident."
___
11:05 a.m.
The president of Toronto's police union says an officer's behavior in arresting a suspect in Monday's deadly van attack was "one shining moment" in an otherwise horrific day.
Mike McCormack of the Toronto Police Association said Tuesday "We're extremely proud of him," and adds, "He may have prevented additional deaths."
Videos circulating on social media show the officer confronting the suspect even as they point a dark object toward the officer.
The officer refuses to shoot and repeatedly yells for the man to get down.
The suspect warns they have a gun in their pocket.
And they can be heard saying: "Shoot me in the head."
From a high-rise window, another video appears to show the suspect walking backward with their arms raised as the officer moves toward him.
The suspect eventually goes to the ground and street-level footage shows the officer kneeling over them as they lie on the pavement.
___
10:25 a.m.
A judge in Canada has ordered the 25-year-old man suspected of plowing a van into pedestrians in north Toronto detained on 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Suspect Alek Minassian learned of the charges in a brief initial hearing before a judge in Toronto on Tuesday.
Minassian wore a white jail jumpsuit and had their hands handcuffed. They showed little emotion.
They were asked to say their name and if they understood an order not to have any contact with anyone injured in Monday's crash scene on a busy sidewalk.
They did not enter a plea to the charges and was ordered to return to court on May 10.
___
9:25 a.m.
The president of Invesco Canada says one of the financial company's employees was among those killed in when a van plowed into pedestrians in Toronto.
Peter Intraligi says the company's "thoughts and prayers" were with "all those impacted by this tragic event."
The company had earlier issued a statement saying two of its employees were affected.
A new statement from Intraligi says "I can now confirm that unfortunately one of our employees has succumbed to their injuries." They added: "Out of respect for them and their family, we will not be providing any further comments."
Police are trying to determine why a driver plowed a rented van along a crowded sidewalk in Toronto, killing 10 people and injuring 15 in what many said seemed a deliberate attack.
______
The 25-year-old suspect who plowed a van into a crowded Toronto sidewalk was ordered held Tuesday on 10 counts of murder and 13 of attempted murder as Canadian authorities and the public sought to make sense of one of the deadliest mass killings in the country's modern history.
Alek Minassian showed little emotion as they made a brief appearance in a Toronto courtroom in a white jumpsuit and handcuffs. The judge ordered them detained without bond and scheduled the next hearing for May 10.
Their father, Vahe Minassian, cried and looked stunned inside the courtroom. Asked outside if they had any message for the families of the victims, they said quietly: "I'm sorry."
Police, meanwhile, continued to gather evidence. About 20 officers made their way down the van's deadly path on Yonge Street, which remained closed to traffic on Tuesday and taped off with yellow crime scene tape. Nearby, mourners had put together a makeshift memorial to the victims.
"It was like they were playing a video game, trying to kill as many people as possible," said Panna Patel, 42, who stopped by the memorial and had been at the scene a day earlier, getting cash from an ATM. "He was looking people directly in the eye, making eye contact, it was so scary. They aren't remorseful at all."
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau dismissed the possibility of terrorism, saying that authorities saw no national security element in the case.
The incident "hasn't changed the overall threat level in Canada," they told a news conference, though it occurred as Cabinet ministers from the G7 nations were meeting in Toronto.
Authorities have not disclosed a possible motive, though "the incident definitely looked deliberate," Police Chief Mark Saunders told reporters at a late-night news conference on Monday.
Saunders said Minassian, who lives in the Toronto suburb of Richmond Hill, had not been known to police previously. An online social media profile described them as a college student.
Authorities released few details in the case, saying the investigation was still underway, with witnesses being interviewed and surveillance video being examined.
"We are looking very strongly to what the exact motivation was for this particular incident to take place," Saunders said. "We need every single piece of this puzzle so we can have a fulsome picture and account as to exactly what took place here."
The driver was heading south on busy Yonge Street around 1:30 p.m. Monday, the streets crowded with people enjoying the first warm day of spring, when the van jumped onto the sidewalk.
Ali Shaker, who was driving near the van at the time, told Canadian broadcast outlet CP24 that the driver appeared to be moving deliberately through the crowd at more than 30 mph.
"He just went on the sidewalk," a distraught Shaker said. "He just started hitting everybody, man. They hit every single person on the sidewalk. Anybody in their way they would hit."
Another witness, Peter Kang, told CTV News that the driver did not seem to make any effort to stop.
"If it was an accident they would have stopped," Kang said. "But the person just went through the sidewalk. They could have stopped."
Video broadcast on several Canadian outlets showed police arresting the driver, dressed in dark clothes, after officers surrounded them and their rental Ryder van several blocks from where the incident occurred in the North York neighborhood of northern Toronto. They appeared to make some sort of gesture at the police with an object in their hand just before they ordered them to lie down on the ground and took them away.
Witness Phil Zullo said that they saw police arresting the suspect and people "strewn all over the road" where the incident occurred.
"I must have seen about five, six people being resuscitated by bystanders and by ambulance drivers," Zullo said. "It was awful. Brutal."
Toronto City Councilor Cesar Palacio identified one of the victims as 30-year-old Anne Marie D'Amico, whose parents live in their ward and who was a friend of their daughter. They recalled them as "a brilliant young girl" who was very active and interested in improving society.
D'Amico volunteered at a Canada-based international humanitarian charity called Live Different and helped build houses in the Dominican Republic in 2015 and 2017, according to Dave Hamilton, the charity's manager of school partnerships. They remembered them as "super-positive, always smiling, a funny person, always up for a challenge, and really wanted to help people out."
Police shut down the Yonge and Finch intersection in the aftermath of the incident and Toronto's transit agency suspended service on the subway line running through the area. The stretch of Yonge Street where the victims were struck was expected to stay blocked off for several days as police continue what is likely to be a lengthy investigation. Most businesses in the area were closed.
Trudeau on Monday expressed their sympathies for the victims.
"We should all feel safe walking in our cities and communities," they said. "We are monitoring this situation closely, and will continue working with our law enforcement partners around the country to ensure the safety and security of all Canadians."
It was the bloodiest mass killing in Canada since Dec. 6, 1989, when a man with semi-automatic rifle stormed into a classroom at the Ecole Polytechnique in Montreal, ordered all the men to leave, then shot 14 women before turning the gun on himself.
Monday's carnage prompted police to beef up security and close several streets around the Air Canada Centre for that night's Toronto-Boston NHL playoff game. Police tweeted that similar road closures might be in effect for the Toronto Raptors NBA playoff game on Wednesday night.
The incident occurred as Cabinet ministers from the major industrial countries were gathered in Canada to discuss a range of international issues in the run-up to the G7 meeting near Quebec City in June. Canadian Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale called it a "horrific attack" and said the G7 foreign ministers extended their condolences.
___
Associated Press writers Ben Fox in Miami, and Rob Gillies in Ocho Rios, Jamaica, contributed to this report.
Multiple agencies have responded to a grain bin in West Burlington after reports of a man needing to be rescued.
West Burlington police did confirm with TV-6 that they are on scene for the rescue.
Police say there was a man who needed to be rescued but could not comment on their condition at this time.
We have a crew headed to the scene and will update this story as more information becomes available.
Five big ideas of Modi govt's Budget 2018 that look way beyond next election and might well be irreversible
Rawalpindi
In connection with Kashmir Solidarity Day, a weeklong photographic exhibition began at the Rawalpindi Arts Council (RAC) to highlight the Indian brutalities and human rights abuses in IOK.
While Inaugurating the Exhibition, Member National Assembly (MNA), Tahira Aurangzeb said Kashmir was the un- finished agenda of the partition, and the world community should play its role in ending human rights violations and forcing India to implement the United Nations resolution that gives Kashmiris the right to self-determination.
Over 100 pictures showcasing human rights violations after the brutal killing of Burhan Wani were exhibited on the occasion.
RAC Director Waqar Ahmed said the exhibition is part of an awareness campaign about the brutal actions of Indian forces against innocent Kashmiris who want their right to self-determination.
They said the Council has arranged a number of events to observe Kashmir Solidarity Day, including theatrical performances by schoolchildren to highlight the issue.—APP
College swimming is back in full force this week. Below is a list of meets we'll be covering at SwimSwam. If we missed any, please leave it in the comments and we'll get it added!
Alesha (Olesen) Breckon began their swimming career when their parents put a pool in the back yard. They enrolled Alesha and their brother in the local summer league in an effort to make sure they were "water safe." At the end of the summer, they joined Blue Tide Aquatics in …
Watch: How Goa's Canacona forest reserve was saved from an 'afforestation' project
How a few determined local residents demanded accountability and challenged decisions taken by a government department. When threatened by the lumbering bureaucratic attitude of Goa's forest officials, local residents took steps such as filing the RTI and mobilising a public call-to-action based on video proof with scientifically-backed research.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Yorkton Municipal RCMP say a 25-year-old man found with a BB gun last week is facing weapon charges.
A member of the public first reported an unknown man brandishing a handgun in the 100-block of Broadway Street East at around 2:30 a.m. CT on May 20, however, officers didn't find anyone.
READ MORE: Saskatoon robbery foiled when worker disarms thief by hitting them with metal rod
RCMP were called back to the same area on May 25 after receiving a report the man had returned.
Police located a man armed with a BB gun, who was arrested without incident.
They have been charged with possession of a weapon for a dangerous purpose, possession of a weapon contrary to order, carrying a concealed weapon, and mischief.
READ MORE: Moose Jaw, Sask. residents in shock day after man allegedly points what appeared to be a handgun at people
The Yorkton man was remanded until another provincial court appearance on Wednesday.
Yorkton is roughly 305 kilometres southeast of Saskatoon.
Coaches were given the option to challenge for goalie interference this season, with referees looking at a tablet by the penalty box while communicating with the league's hockey operations department via headset.
But with the on-ice officials getting the final say in the heat of the moment, some decisions have left more than a few high-profile players and coaches, including Babcock, furious.
Tampa Bay Lightning GM Steve Yzerman wants to see a more uniform process.
"You can clarify the standards, but each referee, you and I, everyone has a different opinion," they said. "It's subjective, so no one's ever going to agree 100 per cent on the vast majority of the calls."
"Having maybe a smaller group make the final decision, get more consistency to it," Yzerman added when asked what he'd like to see done to shrink the grey area.
Winnipeg Jets GM Kevin Cheveldayoff said there's no way to make everyone happy.
"You're always going to have that element of judgment because goaltender interference is inherently a judgment call," they said. "The constant conversation is always there to try to make it better, that's obviously what we spent a lot of time on.
"Define the criteria, feel comfortable with the criteria, and then in the end accept the judgment call."
The NHL provided hard numbers to GMs on Monday to show that, from its point of view, the system is indeed working.
Through 1,114 games this season, the league had 170 combined challenges from coaches and the situation room in Toronto.
Of those instances, referees stayed with the call on the ice 119 times and overturned the ruling on 51 occasions.
"There may have been a handful ... where we weren't on the same page internally and we wish the ref would have made a different call and they stuck with their call on the ice," said Colin Campbell, the NHL's senior executive vice-president of hockey operations. "A lot of noise is made of this sometimes, depending on the market you're in and the players involved."
NHL referee Dan O'Halloran also spoke to managers Monday, while Campbell, senior vice-president of hockey operations Kris King, and senior vice-president and director of officiating Stephen Walkom went over 14 videos of calls with the GMs in a boardroom at the posh Boca Beach Club.
The trio had managers vote on whether they thought the call should have been goalie interference or not as a way to demonstrate how much is left to interpretation.
On some of the plays in question, there was a significant divide.
And the same was true for a couple of the videos shown to media members after the managers headed for lunch.
"There's no two plays that are the same ... each play is uniquely different and has to be judged differently," Walkom said. "It's amazing that we're down to a small number where our compass is right on. We're not saying we're perfect either.
"We've made some mistakes this year that we want to correct."
Campbell said the NHL recently started sending out videos to all 31 coaches and GMs explaining each challenge and why the call was either upheld or changed by 5 p.m. the following day, much the same way the league's department of player safety does with suspensions and fines.
Campbell added there has been talk of adding a referee to the situation room, but such a move wouldn't impact the playoffs because that's basically what happens already with six retired officials on the phone as managers during the post-season.
"The challenges have corrected a lot," Lamoriello said. "Whatever we look at that hasn't gone well, there's been more positives."
The Canadian Press
The Canadian Press
Beijing: A reception held by the SCO at its Beijing headquarters highlighting the entry of India and Pakistan turned out to be an embarrassment for the organisers as India's Red Fort with the tricolour was shown as Lahore's Shalimar Gardens in a Pakistani tableau.
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi, Indian envoy to China Vijay Gokhale, along with the ambassadors of Pakistan Masood Khalid and other Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) members attended the function.
The first colourful event, however, caused an embarrassment for the organisers as India's Red Fort with an Indian flag was shown as Lahore's Shalimar Gardens on the tableau of Pakistan.
Both Indian and Pakistani diplomats pointed out the faux pas to the organisers.
SCO officials were apologetic about the gaffe, saying that they failed to cross-check the photos on display as this was the first event involving India and Pakistan.
On Thursday, the SCO headquarters will raise the flags of India and Pakistan and Gokhale and Khalid will beat a drum, heralding the entry of their countries into the organisation.
India and Pakistan were admitted as members into the six-member grouping at the Astana Summit last week.
The group is now comprised of China, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan, India and Pakistan.
Afghanistan, Belarus, Iran and Mongolia have an observer status in the grouping that is increasingly seen as a counterweight to NATO.
Matthew Johnsen, a high school swim coach in Ohio accused of having sexual conduct with two of their swimmers, has pleaded not guilty to two counts of felony sexual battery.
Johnsen is a longtime English teacher and swim coach at Hoover High School in Canton, Ohio. He's been accused of having sexual contact with two female swimmers between the years 2006 and 2008, per The Canton Repository, though a newer report lists the dates as between 2005 and 2007.
Both victims were 16 years old when the alleged sexual contact began – that's past the age of consent in Ohio, but because Johnsen was in a coach-athlete relationship, any sexual contact could still be a third-degree felony. The Repository reports that the incidents started with “grooming and inappropriate physical contact” and progressed to sexual acts.
The 40-year-old Johnsen was indicted by a grand jury last week. On Friday, they appeared in court to plead not guilty to the charges. Their next court date is August 23, a week from this Wednesday. The Repository has video of the entire court appearance, which only lasts about 24 seconds. You can view it here.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
DAVE SCHERBENCO / THE CITIZENS' VOICE Wilkes-Barre patrolman Joseph Homza holds their K-9 partner Chase during an event last month at Luzerne County Community College in Nanticoke. A lawsuit was filed Friday over an arrest involving the officer and K-9.
A man who claims they were mauled by a Wilkes-Barre police K-9 during their arrest on Public Square in July has sued the city, two city officials and the K-9's partner in federal court.
Philadelphia law firm Mincey Fitzpatrick, LLC, filed the civil rights lawsuit Friday in U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania on behalf of Joshua Fought, 43, of Berwick.
The suit alleges that officer Joseph Homza and their K-9 partner used excessive force while arresting Fought on July 18; and that the City of Wilkes-Barre, Mayor Tony George and police Chief Marcella Lendacky failed to properly train and supervise their police officers.
George and Lendacky are also named as defendants.
Tyler Ryan, executive assistant to the mayor, said the city does not discuss pending litigation.
The suit was filed a day after Magisterial District Judge Thomas Malloy dismissed all the criminal charges that Homza had filed against Fought: public drunkenness, disorderly conduct and resisting arrest.
“Having the criminal charges dismissed against Mr. Fought is the first step in obtaining justice for him,” Fought's attorney, Kevin Mincey, said in a news release. “Mr. Fought suffered heinous injuries that have left them permanently disfigured. Filing suit today is the next step in making sure that those responsible for Mr. Fought's injuries are held accountable.”
“Watching the video of officer Homza holding Mr. Fought's handcuffed wrist while their dog violently bites down on their back is frightening,” Mincey continued. “We will continue to fight for justice for Mr. Fought and others like them who continue to have their rights violated by those that swear to protect them.”
Mincey said in a phone interview that the charges against their client were dismissed because Homza did not show up at Fought's preliminary hearing. They said that “technically, the charges could be refiled.”
Plaintiff's allegations
The lawsuit alleges that Fought was “lawfully congregating” with others on the square when Homza and their K-9 partner approached the group that Fought was standing with and requested identification from Fought and the others. Fought produced their ID as requested.
Homza's K-9 partner then began to bark, startling Fought, and Fought “expressed concern” that Homza did not have control of the K-9, according to the suit.
While Homza was checking to see if any in the group had outstanding warrants, Fought casually remarked that they “wouldn't be still standing here” if they did have an existing warrant, the suit states.
The lawsuit goes on to allege that Homza, without justification or probable cause, then moved to take Fought into custody by placing a handcuff on one wrist and taking Fought to the ground forcefully.
“Suddenly and without warning, Defendant Homza's K-9 partner then attacked Plaintiff, mauling them on the right side of their back,” the suit states, noting that the arrest was video recorded on cellphone by civilian bystanders.
The officer's narrative
Fought's allegations differ somewhat from the narrative of the criminal complaint Homza filed against him.
According to the complaint affidavit, Homza took their K-9 partner to Public Square at about 4:35 p.m. so the dog could relieve themselves there.
Homza said they saw four people sitting under a tree, trying to conceal open containers of beer. Two of them were smoking. Fought poured the contents of an open beer container on the ground, Homza said in the affidavit.
Homza told the group that drinking alcohol and smoking were forbidden at Public Square. As they were checking identifications, a woman approached Homza and their K-9 partner, causing the dog to bark, according to the affidavit.
At that point, Fought told Homza they did not have control of their dog, then “became more and more disorderly, raising their voice and using profanity,” the affidavit states.
Homza said they warned Fought multiple times to calm down. When Fought continued to act disorderly, Homza commanded the dog to a “down” position and attempted to take Fought into custody, according to the affidavit.
Homza managed to handcuff Fought's left wrist but Fought struggled, attempted to stand up and rolled onto their right arm. At that point, the K-9 officer “released from the down position as trained and assisted in apprehending Fought,” the affidavit states.
Fought continued to resist arrest and ignore commands, after which the K-9 “engaged Fought above the right hip,” Homza said in the affidavit.
Additional officers arrived and Fought was taken into custody and sent to Wilkes-Barre General Hospital for treatment, the affidavit states.
Compensation sought
In the lawsuit, Fought contends that they suffered “grievous bodily injury and is permanently disfigured” as a result of the conduct of the defendants. They had undergone emergency surgery to close the wound on their back, which required a skin graft procedure.
The lawsuit alleges that Lendacky demonstrated “deliberate indifference” towards the conduct of Homza and their K-9 partner when they told media outlets that Homza and the K-9 “did as they were trained.”
The suit also states that the violations of Fought's Fourth and Fourteenth Amendment rights were the result of the city's “policies, procedures, customs and practices of allowing its officers to make stops without reasonable suspicion, and to use unreasonable and excessive force.”
The 10-count lawsuit alleges unlawful search and seizure, use of excessive force, deprivation of substantive and procedural due process, civil conspiracy, abuse of process and malicious prosecution against all the defendants; failure to properly train and supervise against George and Lendacky; and assault, battery, and intentional infliction of severe emotional distress against Homza.
Fought is requesting a jury trial and seeks compensatory damages in excess of $150,000, plus punitive damages and other costs.
Contact the writer:
smocarsky@citizensvoice.com
570-821-2110
@SteveMocarskyCV
Jammu: Jammu and Kashmir Assembly on Saturday witnessed noisy scenes over alleged assault on two Kashmiri students in Haryana, with several Opposition members staging a walkout during the zero hour, accusing the government of failing to check such incidents.
The state government assured the House that the matter has been taken up with Haryana and three persons have been arrested in the case.
The Opposition members also questioned why the government had called an an all-party meeting to discuss upcoming panchayat elections, when it has already taken all decisions in this regard.
After the house assembled, BJP state president Sat Sharma drew the attention of the house to the the death of three Army personnel in an avalanche in Gurez sector of Bandipora district in north Kashmir and the force rescuing a civilian patient despite adverse weather condition on Friday.
"The opposition should also acknowledge and praise the sacrifice and the rescue effort of the army... They only consider it their duty to criticise the forces," they said amid thumping of desks by the BJP legislators.
Deputy Speaker Nazir Ahmad Gurezi, during the question hour, said the Indian Air Force and the Army were doing a great service to the nation which is praiseworthy. Parliamentary Affairs Minister A R Veeri intervened to make a statement before the start of the question hour, assuring the house that the government was serious on both the issues raised by the opposition.
"As far as Haryana incident is concerned, an FIR has already been lodged by (Haryana police). Two students were attacked by some miscreants, resulting in minor injuries to one of them...On the directions of Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti, Principal Secretary (Home) talked to their counterpart. Besides the state DGP S P Vaid contacted the DGP of Haryana. So far three persons have been arrested in connection with the assault," they said.
After National Conference MLA Ali Mohammad Sagar questioned the logic behind holding an all-party meeting over panchayat elections "when everything has been decided", Veeri said, "we are serious about the meeting which is being chaired by the chief minister herself.
"It is the decision of the cabinet and the outcome of the all-party meet will be discussed at the cabinet and its decision will be final," they said.
The question hour passed off peacefully barring a walkout by BJP legislator Choudhary Sukhnadan over "non-satisfactory" answer to their question related to farmers. However, the zero hour saw
Opposition members vociferously raising the incidents of attacks on Kashmiri students in others states.
Congress MLA GM Saroori claimed that a youth from Kishtwar was killed outside the state and demanded a statement from the government.
NC MLA Altaf Kaloo also read out a purported SMS from a student in which they alleged that they were attacked outside the state. NC members and several Congress legislators later staged a walk out to protest against what they called the government's failure to stop such attacks.
While leaving the house, Kaloo pointed towards ruling PDP legislators and said, “You too are Kashmiris.”
PDP MLA Mohammad Ashraf Mir said “I am Kashmiri first, then Indian".
Later talking to reporters, Sagar said the attack on students outside the state is leading to alienation which is very dangerous. "An impression goes especially in the Valley that we are not safe and secure which is a wrong signal," they said and demanded stern action against the "fringe elements" involved in such attacks .
They said that such persons cannot be friends of the country and are enemies of the nation. "Everyone is free to go anywhere in any college or university and if they are restricted in the name of
religion, region or state, that is not a good thing,” the MLA said.
1. Something special. While you may not actually wear this one to the festival, it's a beautiful take on the military jacket. Coach 1941 western military jacket with pockets, $3,335. Available at coach.com
2. Mirrored embellishments and intricate embroidery give this bra top a beautiful boho feel. Liberty embroidered top, $69. Available at guess.ca
3. Not your basic biker. Topshop embroidered leather jacket, $679. Available at thebay.com
4. Great with jeans, jumpers or dresses and you'll save your feet from the mud pit. Topshop monty western buckle boots, $160. Available at thebay.com
5. Because if there's one thing you need for a music festival it's a long print dress. California moonrise dress, $80. Available at bikinivillage.com
One of football's greatest mysteries finally explained!
Here on Dirty Tackle, we had a long-running joke about Leo Messi's childlike qualities. We attributed them with a love of Lego playsets and an innocence that seemed to fit both their personality and style of play. Now, Messi themselves has revealed that, in reality, at least one thing about them was very childlike: their diet.
Finally explaining why they vomited during matches so many times over the years, Messi now attributes it to eating too much junk food. From ESPN FC:
“I ate badly for many years: chocolates, fizzy drinks, and everything,” Messi told La Cornisa TV. “That is what made me throw up during games. Now I look after myself better. I eat fish, meat, salads. Everything is organised and taken care of.”
Leo Messi having to be told that they can't have pre-match meals of chocolate bars and Pepsi makes sense—far more so than their explanation for the vomiting in 2014, when they claimed “Sometimes I accelerate very fast and the change in air intake that involves causes me to heave.”
Messi puking during the match against Romania tonight: pic.twitter.com/kNquKQPXY0 — 8bit-Football.com (@8bitfootball) March 5, 2014
So, no, it wasn't breathing too fast that would make Messi puke during matches. It was breathing too fast after eating a Toblerone the size of their arm.
Follow Brooks on Twitter @BrooksDT.
NEW YORK, Aug 11 (Reuters) - Bearish stock investors are slowly coming out of hibernation, as money has begun to move into funds that aim to profit when markets dive.
U.S. mutual funds that attempt to profit in falling markets attracted $413 million in new investments during the second quarter, the funds' largest inflows since the height of 2013's "Taper Tantrum" selloff, according to Thomson Reuters' Lipper research unit.
On Thursday, the S&P 500 experienced its first 1 percent-plus drop in 58 trading days, as the CBOE Volatility Index surged over 44 percent, noted Bespoke Investment Group.
The selling pressure in stocks follows a frustrating year-to-date for bearish stock investors, given that the S&P was up 10.5 percent since Dec. 31 as of Wednesday's close. As of Thursday's close, it is up 8.9 percent.
Markets this week were set in negative motion after the United States and North Korea exchanged threats. President Donald Trump said Thursday that their previous promise of "fire and fury" in response to any threats from North Korea may have not gone far enough, vowing "trouble" for the country if its actions do not change.
Brad Lamensdorf, portfolio manager for AdvisorShares Ranger Equity Bear ETF, said they have seen demand for their fund partly driven by "people that feel like it's time to hedge."
"They're pretty negative from a forward-looking view," they said. The fund targets stocks with low earnings quality or potential accounting problems; it has attracted $20 million this year.
The demand for these funds comes after a long drought, and remains a mere drop in the bucket within the fund world. The funds posted outflows in nine of the last 15 quarters, according to Lipper.
By contrast, domestic stock mutual funds and exchange-traded funds have attracted $32 billion this year, including reinvested dividends, according to the Investment Company Institute, a trade group.
Demand for international stocks and bonds has been even stronger as investors tried to dial back exposure to U.S. stocks without the expensive costs attached to hedging strategies.
The bear funds keep a "net short" exposure to stocks, aiming to rise when markets fall. The cost of making that bet and the rising markets have helped the category deliver a negative 13.5 percent return this year, according to Lipper data through early August.
"It's sort of become almost a cliche that this has been the most hated bull market of all time, and I have a hard time buying into that," said Doug Ramsey, chief investment officer of the Leuthold Group LLC, whose firm offers a bear fund, the Grizzly Short Fund.
The company's tactical funds recently reduced their net equity exposure, but they said they could see another fresh top before entering a true bear market.
"We're only looking for a short-term setback here," they said.
Several major asset managers have expressed caution in recent days.
Bridgewater Associates LP's Ray Dalio wrote on Thursday that "prospective risks are now rising and do not appear appropriately priced in."
Russ Koesterich at BlackRock Inc said in a note this week that tightening monetary policy in Europe and the United States could cause political uncertainty to morph "from farce into tragedy" by shaking investor confidence. Pacific Investment Management Company LLC portfolio managers Mihir Worah and Geraldine Sundstrom said U.S. equities are "popular and crowded."
But some investors see the moderate U.S. equity flows and strengthening demand for bearish funds as a contrarian sign that the markets may have more room to run.
The nonprofit American Association of Individual Investors found that 36.1 percent of investors it surveyed expect the market to rise in the next six months, 2 percentage points below that gauge's historical average. An above-average 32.1 percent of investors were bearish.
"You don't see the kind of euphoria that normally presents at the end of the cycle," said Leon Cooperman, chief executive of hedge fund Omega Advisors Inc. "I don't see sentiment characteristic of a top." (Reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt; Editing by Jennifer Ablan and Leslie Adler)
Carter Page, a foreign policy adviser to Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign, was the subject of a secret surveillance warrant. A controversial Republican memo made public Friday attacks the FBI's basis for seeking permission to eavesdrop on Page. J. Scott Applewhite AP
“I'm afraid of girls.”
That's the phrase a former classmate vividly remembers Alek Minassian — the accused driver behind Monday's deadly van attack in north Toronto — repeating when he'd encounter them years ago in the halls of Thornlea Secondary School in Thornhill.
“It was almost like a catchphrase or a tick,” Ari Blaff, 24, recalled Tuesday. “I think they may have had some sort of psychological or social disorder.”
The 24-year-old said they and their schoolmates didn't think much of it while they were in high school together because it was just one of Minassian's bizarre behaviours.
“He would also open their shirt and spit on themselves in the middle of class,” said Blaff, who was in the same Grade 10 computer science class as Minassian.
However, Minassian's strange words came flooding back when Blaff learned through the media that their former classmate had posted a message on Facebook mentioning “The Incel Rebellion” and the “Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger.”
It's believed the suspected killer was referencing California man Elliot Rodger, 22, who posted a video online complaining about men like them being rendered “incels” — involuntarily celibate — because women had rejected them, then went on a stabbing and shooting rampage that killed six people and wounded 14 others. They then took their own life.
The accused in Monday's van attack, who referred to themselves as “Private (recruit) Minassian Infantry” in the same Facebook post, also served in the Canadian Forces — for a mere two months — from Aug. 23, 2017 until Oct. 25, 2017.
“He did not complete their recruit training and requested to be voluntarily released from the CAF after 16 days of recruit training,” said Jessica Lamirande, a spokesperson with the Department of National Defence.
“He was usually alone when I saw him, so I don't think they had many friends in high school,” Blaff said. “But they never struck me as someone who was violent.”
Blaff said they never feared Minassian, who they haven't seen since graduating in 2012, and didn't think girls seemed uncomfortable around him.
So they and the group of friends he's still in touch with from high school were “totally floored” to learn their former classmate allegedly drove a rental van along a busy sidewalk on Yonge St., in North York, deliberately plowing through crowds of people.
“It was entirely shocking,” Blaff said. “It's still very surreal.”
Minassian is now charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
The accused 25-year-old man's family home on Elmsley Dr., in Richmond Hill, remained cordoned off with yellow crime scene tape and under guard by police on Tuesday.
Residents of the quiet suburban street were shocked to learn their neighbour is thought to be responsible for the van attack that is making headlines around the world.
“It's startling,” said Bill, who lives nearby but didn't want their last name used. “I can't believe it.”
They described Minassian as “a bit odd,” explaining they were usually waving their hand in the air beside their head as they walked or jogged along the street.
“When you'd see them it was like they were talking to themselves or something,” Bill said. “Most people at least say ‘hello' and they wouldn't. He'd just keep going.”
Other neighbours said Minassian has lived on the street with their parents and brother for maybe eight or nine years.
“I've watched them grow up, basically,” longtime neighbour Colin Hellens said. “He's very quiet. Just kept to themselves mostly.”
They said Minassian seemed like a “normal guy.”
“It's totally unbelievable,” Hellens said. “Everybody is broken up about it.”
Wes Mac, another resident of the multicultural neighbourhood, said they routinely saw Minassian coming and going in their car.
“There was never any indication of any trouble whatsoever,” Mac said, adding they have never spoken to Minassian but has spoken to their father and they are “pleasant.”
“It's going to take a long time to process,” they said of the tragedy. “But hopefully at some point we can reach out and console the family.
“I'm sure they're hurting as well.”
cdoucette@postmedia.com
ISTANBUL - Turkish police were hunting Sunday for the gunman who killed 39 people, including many foreigners, in a rampage at an upmarket nightclub in Istanbul where revellers were celebrating the New Year.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said the carnage sought to sow chaos and undermine peace, but vowed that Turkey would never bow to the threat.
The shooting spree at the waterside Reina nightclub was unleashed when 2017 in Turkey was just 75 minutes old, after a year of unprecedented bloodshed that saw hundreds of people die in strikes blamed on jihadists and Kurdish militants and a bloody failed coup.
The assailant shot dead a police officer and a civilian at the club entrance and then turned their gun on partygoers inside where up to 700 people were ringing in the New Year.
Many revellers threw themselves into the freezing waters of the Bosphorus in panic.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the gunman was still at large after slipping away unnoticed after the attack. But they denied earlier reports the person had used a Santa Claus costume as disguise.
The assailant "left the gun and went away from the scene of the incident," they told reporters in Istanbul. "It was an armed terrorist."
No-one has yet claimed responsibility for the bloodshed.
Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu added that of 20 victims identified so far, 15 were foreigners and five were Turks. Another 65 people were being treated in hospital.
Soylu said the gunman had arrived with a gun concealed underneath an overcoat but subsequently exited the venue wearing a different garment.
There were a number of Arabs among the dead and wounded, including Saudis, Jordanians and Tunisians.
France said a dual-national Tunisian-French woman had died along with their Tunisian husband, while India said it had lost two nationals.
A young Israeli woman, reportedly aged 19, was killed and another injured, Israel's foreign ministry said.
Istanbul governor Vasip Sahin said at the scene on the shores of the Bosphorus that the attacker "targeted innocent people who had only come here to celebrate the New Year and have fun".
The attack evoked memories of the November 2015 carnage in Paris when Islamic State jihadists went on a gun and bombing rampage on nightspots in the French capital, killing 130 people including 90 at the Bataclan concert hall.
Television pictures showed party-goers -- including men in suits and women in cocktail dresses -- emerging from the Istanbul nightclub in a state of shock.
Erdoğan said in a statement that with such attacks, "they are working to destroy our country's morale and create chaos".
Turkey would deploy every means to fight "terror organisations" and the countries supporting them, Erdoğan said, without elaborating.
From Sydney to Paris, Rio to London, security had been boosted over fears that the New Year festivities could be a target for violent extremists.
In Istanbul, at least 17,000 police officers had been deployed and some, as is customary in Turkey, dressed themselves as Santa Claus as cover, according to television reports.
"Just as we were settling down, by the door there was a lot of dust and smoke. Gunshots rang out," witness Sefa Boydas, a professional footballer, told AFP. "When I was walking, people were walking on top of people."
Turkey in 2016 saw more attacks than any other year in the history of the country.
On December 10, 44 people were killed in a double bombing in Istanbul after a football match hosted by top side Besiktas, an attack claimed by the Kurdistan Freedom Falcons (TAK), seen as a radical offshoot of the outlawed PKK rebel group.
In June, 47 people were killed in a triple suicide bombing and gun attack at Istanbul's Ataturk airport, with authorities blaming IS.
Mainly Muslim Turkey's religious affairs agency Diyanet condemned the attack, saying the fact it took place in a nightclub "was no different to it being in a market or place of worship".
Turkey is still reeling from a failed July coup blamed by the government on the US-based Islamic preacher Fethullah Gulen that has been followed by a relentless purge of their alleged supporters from state institutions.
"It's hard to imagine a crime more cynical than the killing of civilians during a New Year's celebration," Russian President Vladimir Putin said in a condolence message to Erdoğan.
Two weeks ago, an off-duty police officer assassinated Russia's ambassador to Turkey in an Ankara art gallery.
The United States and France voiced outrage at Sunday's attack and said they stood alongside their NATO ally in its fight against terror.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel condemned "an inhumane, sneaky attack on people who wanted to celebrate" while Pope Francis condemned the shooting in their New Year message.
The bloodbath came as the Turkish army wages a four-month incursion in Syria to oust IS jihadists and Kurdish militants from the border area, suffering increasing casualties.
Turkey is also spearheading a ceasefire plan with Russia aimed at creating a basis for peace talks to end the near six-year civil war.
Scandinavian sales outfit The Yellow Affair has picked up all rights outside North America and South America on the Lena Olin vehicle “Maya Dardel.”
The feature marks the directorial debut of U.S. poet/novelist Zachary Cotler who shares the directing and writing credits with Polish-born but U.S.-based Magdalena Zyzak. The duo just won the best screenplay for the film earlier this month at the Prague Independent Film Festival, while Lena Olin (“Chocolat”) picked up best actor.
Olin plays Maya Dardel, an internationally respected poet and novelist, living in the Santa Cruz Mountains of California. One day they announce on the radio that they intend to end their lives and that young male writers may compete to become the executor of their estate. They are challenged intellectually, emotionally and erotically, until one of them begins to fathom Maya's end game.
Co-stars include Rosanna Arquette (“Crash”), Joardan Gavaris (“The Sea of Trees”), Nathan Keyes (“Britney Ever After”) and Alexander Koch (“Always Shine”).
The U.S./Polish film was produced by Mike S. Ryan, Morgan Jon Fox, Dariusz Jabłoński, Violetta Kamińska and Izabela Wójcik.
Samuel Goldwyn and Orion Pictures acquired North American rights at the last Austin's SXSW Festival where the film first bowed under the title “A Critically Endangered Species”. The U.S. release is set for Nov. 2017.
The Yellow Affair partner and sales director Chris Howard told Variety: “We're thrilled to have picked up a film of such high artistic integrity, with an outstanding performance from Lena Olin and Rosanna Arquette, and a thought-provoking and engaging storyline.”
“We believe the film can appeal to audiences all over the world, “added Howard, who feels the English-language film is a nice addition to the predominantly Nordic originated content on the company's line-up.
The Scandinavian sales shingle will introduce “Maya Dardel” to world buyers at New Nordic Films (Aug. 22-25), the confab running parallel to the Norwegian Intl. Film Festival in Haugesund (Aug. 19-25).
The Yellow Affair will also represent in Haugesund the Swedish film “Garden Lane,” screening at the festival's Nordic Focus sidebar. Olof Spaak's directorial debut is based on a true story about two children who grow up with drug abusing parents. In one of the title roles is this year's Shooting Star Karin Franz Körlof (“The Wife,” “A Serious Game”). Produced by Primodron's Sofie Palage, the feature was voted the best film at Italy's Giffoni Film Festival.
Tyler, the Creator will co-headline their Camp Flog Gnaw festival Oct. 28-29. Timothy Norris
Camp Flog Gnaw Carnival, the music festival founded by Odd Future ringleader Tyler, the Creator, has announced the lineup for its sixth annual happening, and it's yet another great addition to what is shaping up to be a jam-packed fall festival calendar. In addition to Tyler himself, headliners include Lana Del Rey, A$AP Rocky, Kid Cudi, Solange, Migos, Mac Miller, Kehlani and Justice. Lil Yachty, Vince Staples, Earl Sweatshirt, 2 Chainz and Willow and Jaden Smith (together! prepare to explode, internet!) are just some of the many other highlights of the hip-hop–heavy lineup.
Among the other noteworthy acts on the bill, local favorites Trash Talk and FIDLAR will provide some garage/punk racket, Alison Wonderland brings the EDM, the ever-entertaining Kelis will bring all the boys to their yard, and living legend Roy Ayers (Tyler's an avowed fan) will lay down their influential '70s soul-jazz sound. In addition to music, Camp Flog Gnaw Carnival will once again deliver on its name with carnival rides and games.
It all goes down Oct. 28 and 29 at Exposition Park (the same site as FYF — Solange, who played that fest this year, too, may experience some serious déjà vu). Tickets go on sale Thursday, Aug. 17, at noon at campfloggnaw.com and will set you back $208 for a GA weekend pass or $368 for VIP.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
WARREN RUDA / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Wilkes University rededicated the Sordoni Art Gallery at its new location on South Main Street.
WILKES-BARRE — Beyond the freshly cut ribbon, reception and new glass doors, the iconic works of Andy Warhol waited.
Pop art portraits of Marilyn Monroe, the Campbell's Soup can and other recognizable works adorned the walls of the newly rededicated Sordoni Art Gallery on Friday night, open for the first time in its new space on Main Street.
“It's overwhelmingly exciting,” gallery Director Heather Sincavage said at the threshold of the gallery. “You work really hard and hope for the best ... I'm thrilled to see the community come together.”
A large crowd of Wilkes University alumni, faculty, students and members of the Wilkes-Barre Community gathered outside the gallery on Friday night for the rededication ceremony and reopening of the Sordoni Art Gallery. Sincavage, who joined the university after a nationwide search last year, said the continued commitment to the gallery show's the university's commitment to the arts and the community.
“Warhol changed how we view art,” they said. “The Sordoni Art Gallery will change how Wilkes University and the Wilkes-Barre community experiences art.”
The exhibition, “15 Minutes: From Image to Icon,” officially opened Friday night and runs until Dec. 20. Wilkes University will also offer a Warhol Wednesdays lecture series tying into the exhibit.
Further exhibits planned for the gallery include “Angela Fraleigh: The Bones of Us Hunger for Nothing” in January and “Selections from the Sordoni Collection of American Illustration and Comic Art” in April.
Andrew J. Sordoni III, a member of the family that has supported the gallery since its inception, spoke at the rededication of the “honor and privilege” they have felt to support the gallery for “four generations.”
“Dedication and love of the arts can bring us together in ways most other pursuits cannot,” they said. “How sweet it is.”
Inside the gallery, guests browsed some of Warhol's iconic works, lingering over the Marilyn Monroe series and “Flowers,” which had only been displayed once before they arrived at Wilkes.
On their way in, some guests stopped to pose with Wilkes University sophomore Kris Tjornhom, who stood at the entrance dressed as Andy Warhol himself.
“I love making people happy and making people laugh,” they said as a line of people formed in front of him, hoping to snap a photo.
Steve Husted of Wyoming, owner of Knot Just Any Day, located across the street from the gallery, said they would likely spend plenty of time in the newly reopened space.
“It's nice to have something so wonderful in our front yard,” they said.
Contact the writer:
sscinto@citizensvoice.com
570-821-2048, @sscintoCV
Arthur McCann's tribute to veterans takes up most of the front lawn of their Norwood, Massachusetts, home.
It's a giant American flag, spray-painted using field paint. And it will stay there for several months before the paint grows out, they told USA TODAY.
“I just like to go big," they said. They estimate the flag measures roughly 30 by 20 feet.
McCann, who runs a maintenance department, said it took them about two hours to create the tribute.
McCann said their grandfather served in the Navy in World War II. The flag is an artistic tribute to those who served, they said.
This is the second time he's painted the flag before an annual Fourth of July party at their house. They said locals drive by to see the flag.
It's a patriotic community, they said. There are lots of flags displayed in their neighborhood. There also are a large number of veterans who live in the area, located southwest of Boston.
They hope no one takes the flag the wrong way. It's not a political statement to them — it's a patriotic one: “I really do this for a positive message,” they said.
Opinion: July Fourth is a celebration of the founding freedoms we need to teach in our schools
Later on Wednesday, McCann plans to welcome about 75 people into their home for a Fourth of July party.
They'll eat chicken, burgers, mac and cheese, corn bread, sausages, and more.
“I just love America and the freedom and opportunities it gives and I love to be creative,” McCann told WBZ-TV.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Bengaluru: Impressed with Deepak Chahar's consistent progress, Chennai Super Kings (CSK) coach Stephen Fleming on Tuesday lauded the youngster's ability to swing the ball at good pace.
"He has been developing over the last two years. They had a very good domestic season. Their skill set was something we were very impressed with since the first day.  They are actually a handy batsman as well. We think they are a fine cricketer," Fleming said on the eve of the match against Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB).
"The fact that they swing the ball is important. Lots of trends in the game, obviously wrist spinners and swinging the ball are very effective at the moment. And they do that and they do it at good pace too. At the moment he's around 140 kph, 143 tops. He's gone really well. They have got to find and maintain consistency and that will come with experience," they said.
Chahar shot to limelight at the age of 18 when they bagged 8 for 10 on their Ranji Trophy debut to skittle out Hyderabad for 21. They ended that season with 30 wickets, which compelled Rajasthan Royals to sign him.
However, a spate of injuries and illness saw them fade away.
Chahar also was the top wicket-taker in 20-over Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy with 19 wickets in Rajasthan's maiden run to the final.
Fleming said they are enjoying a good run but RCB is a tough side to beat, with great batting and good bowling line-up.
"We know we have to play very well to put any pressure in the top order and they have also got good bowlers. Umesh Yadav has been excellent with the new ball. Chahal...so, there is a lot of good contest at hands," they said.
On having both Harbhajan Singh and Karn Sharma in the team, Fleming said the team decided the combination looking at the potential of the rival teams.
"It is all about getting the balance right. Karan took Tahir's place because they suffered an injury. Harbhajan Singh is good at bowling to left-handers. So, we picked them up at Chennai where the ball turns and bounces. We pick team looking at the potential of rival team. They could all play, maybe some day," they said.
Replying to a query, Fleming said it is great to watch old players like Chris Gayle, Shane Watson and Dwayne Bravo, doing well, but it is also exciting to watch some young players coming through.
"What I have seen over the years is that experienced and professional players dominate big part of IPL. Chris Gayle has made a comeback and is playing really well. Obviously, Shane Watson, Dwayne Bravo — these guys play a lot of cricket, but it is exciting watching young players," they said.
Old players can provide consistency, provided they remain motivated, fit and committed, which can help their teams to make headway in the tournament, they said.
Meanwhile, RCB's AB de Villiers played down the bowling concerns of theirs side.
"At the end of the day what it comes down to is the kind of wickets. I guess we made a much better bowling performance in the last game than what we had started out with. Our bowlers have committed a few small mistakes of bowling a couple of no balls and wides, but would like to rectify them in next game," they said.
On playing three games at home, de Villiers said the team would try to win them all.
"They say that if you make your home ground your fortress in the season you normally tend to win. We know it is important to do well at home. We have already had a bad last year, but we had a couple of good wins as well," they said.
"So, over the next few games that we will play here, we will keep doing that. It is important for us to make sure that if we get to maintain that at home, sometimes you surprise yourself in the run," they added.
Chicago River Water Trails
The Midwest isn't known for its canyons, but Chicago has a few. The canyons along the Chicago River aren't made of sandstone like those found on the Colorado River but of steel, stone, and glass. Chicago also offers options beyond the skyscrapers. The North Branch of the river is bucolic, due to Cook County forest preserves. The South Branch bustles with industry and barge and powerboat traffic, if you prefer city action.
Laura Barghusen, Associate Greenways Director of Openlands, has a couple favorite paddles.
“One paddle I really like is on the North Branch between River Park and Clark Park. The times I've been on it, it's been really good for wildlife. We saw baby raccoons looking out of a tree hollow at us. Lots of turtles too. That stretch is great for beginners as there's not much current, so you can even paddle back upriver if you don't want to shuttle.”
Barghusen also likes the juxtapositions that await downtown.
“The Main Branch is extremely impressive. It's for more experienced paddlers because of the motorized and barge traffic, but a guided trip eases your way. We launched at Chinatown in voyageur boats. Looking north, you see the big skyscrapers. Looking south, you're looking at these old, mechanical bridges with all their moving parts. It's impressive both ways and really cool.”
If you're looking for liveries, there's Chicago Canoe & Kayak with multiple locations and Chicago Kayak, which is good for downtown paddling, as they're right off North Avenue.
Maps can be found here.
More Rust Belt Paddling
Pittsburgh's Three Rivers Water Trail 70 miles of paddling along the Allegheny, Monongahela, and Ohio rivers
THIS year's tenth Ian Brown's Cycle Shop 30 Rides in 30 Days Challenge has raised £100,000 for Les Bourgs Hospice.
It brings the total raised since 2008 to £635,501.74.
The 130 people who took part and all pledged to ride their bicycle for one hour each day for 30 days beginning on 29 April and finishing with the annual Rocque to Rock bicycle ride on 28 May.
All of them wore distinctive rainbow jerseys.
‘The Les Bourgs Hospice fundraising activities have long been associated with cyclists and the Rocque to Rock bike ride,' said organiser Ian Brown.
‘This event provides great awareness leading up to the Rocque to Rock but also provides a challenge for those that literally want to go that extra mile. We are amazed at the commitment and endeavour of the 30in30 challengers and amazed that after ten challenges the total raised exceeds £600,000.'
Tropical Storm Nate was bearing down on Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula and its famed tourist resorts Friday after battering Central America, where it was blamed for at least 21 deaths.
The storm's projected path showed it passing over the peninsula by early Saturday, crossing the Gulf of Mexico and making U.S. landfall this weekend, prompting a hurricane warning on the northern Gulf Coast from Louisiana to Alabama.
A tropical storm warning and hurricane watch were in effect for areas on and around the Yucatan Peninsula, including the tourist hubs of Cancun and Cozumel.
The tropical storm was expected to gather force over the Caribbean Sea before hitting Mexican territory.
The U.S. National Hurricane Center in Miami said Nate could reach near-hurricane intensity when it approaches the peninsula later Friday, “bringing direct impacts from wind, storm surge, and heavy rain.” Life-threatening flash floods are also possible, the hurricane center warned.
In Mexico, officials said they were bracing for the arrival of the storm later Friday but had not issued evacuation orders. Authorities issued a low-danger “green alert,” urging residents and visitors to take basic precautions such as having bottled water ready and being aware of announcements from civil protection personnel.
On Friday, Nate was expected to hit Cancun on the northeast coast of the Yucatan and the island of Cozumel just east of the peninsula.
Officials from the coastal state of Quintana Roo advised tourists to stay in their hotels as the storm hit and be in touch with hotel personnel. Visitors were warned to stay off the beaches, as storm-whipped waves could approach 10 feet.
As a precaution, officials in both Quintana Roo and neighboring Yucatan state said they were mobilizing rescue brigades and preparing emergency shelters.
The National Hurricane Center said Nate would continue to be a threat for flash floods and mudslides in Central America, which has been battered by torrential rains from the storm.
Nate has been blamed for at least 21 deaths in Nicaragua and Costa Rica, the Associated Press reported. Nate's arrival in Nicaragua followed two weeks of near-constant rain that had left the ground saturated and rivers swollen. Authorities placed the whole country on alert and warned of flooding and landslides.
CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from their film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from their film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from their film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from their film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken their silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken their silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA CAPTION Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. CAPTION The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside their room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside their room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes CAPTION At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA
patrick.mcdonnell@latimes.com
Twitter: @mcdneville
Sanchez is a member of The Times' Mexico City bureau.
ALSO
Storm tracker: Nate kills threatens the Gulf Coast
U.S. loses 33,000 jobs in September after hurricanes slam Texas, Florida
Mental health concerns in aftermath of Puerto Rico hurricane
UPDATES:
1:05 p.m.: This article was updated throughout with staff reporting.
This article was originally published at 6:20 a.m.
Slack exploded onto the scene three years ago, and since then just about everyone from industry giants like Facebook to small groups of open source developers have been getting in on the team collaboration software act.
Today the pace of collaboration software development and innovation is frenetic, and according to research by G2 Crowd, a peer-to-peer business review platform, the boom in corporate adoption shows no sign of slowing down in the near future. It found that more than half of all companies have already implemented team collaboration solutions of one kind or another, and 31 percent plan to adopt one in the next two years.
But not everything is as rosy as it seems in the team collaboration software garden. That's because these solutions work best when all members of a team use them, but evidence suggests that many companies struggle to get their employees interested. G2 Crowd found that only four platforms could regularly boast adoption rates above 75 percent, and no product achieved 100 percent adoption.
No compelling reason
One reason for this may be that while certain software packages are vital for some employees to carry out their work — accountants need a spreadsheet program, for example — no employees need access to team collaboration software to get their jobs done.
+ MORE ON NETWORK WORLD: Common security mistakes in collaboration tools +
That's the view of Michael Fauscette, G2 Crowd's chief research officer. Although tech-savvy early-adopter types may be clamoring to start using Slack (or something similar) as soon as possible, Fauscette believes that most other employees have to be given a compelling reason to take up a new tool. Otherwise, the evidence shows, many simply won't bother.
"Many staff members will likely think: 'what's in it for me?' If this is not articulated clearly then why should they make the effort?" Fauscette says. "You have to demonstrate to them that the product will provide some value."
"My tip is to ask yourself why your employees need a collaboration tool," they say. "If you can't answer that question easily then you are going to find that the software you pick is going to be a hard sell, and maybe you shouldn't be trying to implement it."
Poor user interfaces
One thing that G2 Crowd's research picked up is that the user interface of collaboration software can "make or break" user adoption. This focus on appearance may seem contrary to Fauscette's advice to demonstrate value, but Fauscette says that it comes down to persuading people to change their behavior. In many cases this means getting them to stop using a selection of other tools — including email, but also newer apps like WhatsApp, Twitter and so on — when they move to a corporate collaboration app.
"They will have had a simple user interface experience on the consumer side, so there is the expectation that this is how these tools should be," they explain. "Tools like Twitter are actually not simple, but they have a front end which is easy to use. Asking people to change is not easy, so you need to move to a tool that offers a similarly clean and smooth interface."
Unnecessary functionality
Another reason users prefer collaboration tools with simple interfaces is that many — probably most — users only do simple things with them, according to Alan Lepofsky, a specialist collaboration tool analyst at Constellation Research. "People can jump into something like Slack, but when you show them what it can do only about 5 percent of people actually need or use that. If you put Slack into a typical sales and marketing department it will just be used like Skype but with the occasional smiley thrown in," they say.
Lepofsky adds that Facebook's Workplace has a huge advantage over other collaboration tools simply because most people are already familiar with the Facebook interface. For that reason, they believe that enterprises that implement Workplace will see above average adoption rates.
A simple or familiar user interface may be important to get people to try a new collaboration tool, but can it get them to stick with it?
Here companies face what Fauscette terms the "email overload problem version 2." Put simply, they say that many employees get bogged down under the weight of vast numbers of emails, and moving to a tool like Slack or Hipchat simply shifts the problem to a different platform. Instead of getting too many emails, employees risk getting too many notifications and messages.
Artificial intelligence to the rescue
One solution to this in the short term may be better education for new collaboration tool users, to ensure that they know how to filter notifications and separate activities into channels so they don't get swamped.
In the longer term this may not be necessary thanks to the increased use of artificial intelligence (AI) to help filter what an employee needs to see immediately from the general noise that collaboration tools can generate, Fauscette believes. "If I can teach a machine what I am interested in in various contexts then it can filter information for me," they say. "AI is great for filtering and I think that this is the way that things will have to go."
Fauscette adds that another reason some users may not stick with a company's chosen tool is that its functionality may be weak in an area that they use frequently. "We can end up with a Slack-centric company, and employees are expected to use it for all the things that it is good for, and for all the things that it is not so good for," they say. The result can be that some users select and use other tools more suited to their needs — often without the knowledge or approval of the IT department.
But, ultimately, companies should not get too fixated on the levels of adoption that their collaboration tools attain, says Alan Lepofsky, because even small pockets of collaboration within an organization can lead to significant overall benefits. "What tool does have 100 percent adoption in an organization?" they conclude. "Probably only payroll and HR."
Related video:
This story, "Why employees don't use collaboration tools" was originally published by CIO.
Being too much involved in the market can make it tough to keep holding the positions especially the profits ones. It has happened to me quite often in the past and I repeated the same in few of my investments in my open portfolio.
Have you ever wondered why it is tough to keep holding the profits but it is a lot easier holding on to the losses? Let me share my views on it.
1. We Start as a Trader
The journey of a retail investor in market starts as a trader because this is how we are sold the demat and trading account. Soon we realize it is tough to consistently make profits as a part-timer in the market.
Once we aren't consistently making profits, we start digging things on the Internet and do the research. We stumble upon some rules of trading and the first rule as a trader is to book profits regularly but investors let the profits ride, multiply and compound over time.
Traders cash in the profits at the resistance levels and often have targets based on ROI but investors have an approach of don't care about resistance levels because they know it may take some time for the resistance to cross. If it can't cross because of one-quarter results, it may do so in the coming quarters or may be in the coming years. As long as management is great and a company is doing things as expected, it is a matter of time when the stock price breaks out of the resistance.
This makes the approach of a trader and investors after taking up the position is totally different but as a trader, it is really toughs from being an active trader to a passive investor.
2. The Liquid Factor
If an investor wishes to liquidate their or their investment in the market, it shouldn't take a lot of time or effort to do so. Other forms of investment like real estate which may need a buyer to liquidate or physical gold may need physical effort to liquidate.
Stocks or mutual funds are easy to liquidate and the first choice of fund for any investor is the stock market investment because of its liquid nature. Out of these investments, the first choice of stocks and mutual funds are those that are profitable. Ideally, it should be the other way round but booking losses is tough.
The easy and liquid nature of the market which is the biggest advantage for the investor makes it tough for investors to hold on to the profits as well.
3. The Inevitable Comparision
The high flying stocks hitting circuit after circuit and your investment not doing anything for an elongated period of time, makes it tough for you to keep patience and even doubt your own approach to investing in the market.
Are you playing it too safe in the market? Do you want to allocate some part of your portfolio in those high beta high volatile stocks to make even better returns? Is focus investing approach correct or should diversify?
Many such questions clutter the mind and lead to profit booking. Holding the losses is easier because if you don't want to be booking a loss, there is nothing that can be done right at the moment when you have such questions in your mind but for profit, you may want to look for other investment opportunities which may provide much better returns and this makes it tough for an investor to stay put.
4. Profits Too Soon
Big profit way too soon for an investor can also mean one wants to book it. Investors need to stay put and ignore such price movements but it is really tough doing it. It is very easy to write what one should be doing on a blog but it is really tough to actually do it.
A trader isn't concerned about why the price moves and is focused on how the price moves. An investor should know why there is a price movement. If one isn't sure of the reason behind the price action (a news breakout and temporary in nature or due to good earnings and is more permanent in nature), it becomes tough to remain put.
Conclusion
Holding profits will be tough even when you make profits too fast and if you don't make them as fast as the high flying stocks. The only way to make the most of your investment is to be able to have the margin of safety and invest in the right strategy and approach.
Do you find it tough to hold on to your profits? If yes what's the reason behind it? Share your views and ideas in comments below.
Forest fire crew packs up at the end of a day's work. Politicians should not wear this uniform. (B.C. Wildfire Service)
I'm just back from vacation and a drive from Victoria to Prince George last week to visit relatives. Here are a few observations.
• The closure of Highway 97 through the South Cariboo forced northbound traffic to the Coquihalla and up Highway 5 to Little Fort, then west on Highway 24 to rejoin 97 just south of 100 Mile House. Blackened tree trunks are still visible near Barriere and McLure, north of Kamloops, where fires burned for 75 days in 2003, forcing the evacuation of 3,800 people.
The one visible roadside scar from this year's fires was near Williams Lake, where a brush fire ran up to one of the many widening and paving projects underway this summer. The broad construction area acted as a firebreak and only a small spot burned on the other side before the fire was put out.
• Smoke was visible in the Prince George area, but it wasn't until south of Quesnel that the brown haze and strong smell settled in. Air conditions were worst at Kamloops and Merritt, where smoke followed river valleys while trapped in an extended high-pressure system. A haze was still visible when I returned to Victoria, and when I started my car the next day, the smell from the air vents was a reminder of conditions in the Interior.
• Vancouver media went from bad to worse as they grew bored with the struggles of far-off towns and farms. Among many errors by drama-seeking urban outlets, the CBC announced the rescinding of an evacuation order for Princeton, which was never evacuated. Then for days the people's network flogged the story of a back-burn gone wrong on Hart Ridge Mountain south of Clinton, after the wind shifted suddenly.
The tone of the coverage suggested a reckless, inept effort by the B.C. Wildfire Service, with sound-bites from an angry rancher who went to media instead of filing their damage claim with the province. The unfairness to exhausted firefighting crews seemed lost on them, or unimportant next to the media craving for conflict.
Worst of all was TV coverage of a family's return to the burned-out mobile home park near Ashcroft. Zoom in on the crying, that's gold for a jaded urban audience. If that's what they put their effort into, they should stay home and do another bike lane story instead.
• Speaking of disaster porn, Al Gore cited the B.C. fires during the Toronto stop of the promotional tour for their latest movie, An Inconvenient Sequel. That's the follow-up to their 2006 docu-drama that predicted an ice-free Arctic by 2014, the breakup of the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets, and other dire events that have not materialized.
• B.C. statistics aren't complete yet, but measuring by area burned, this year likely won't even be close to the record in 1958. Nationally, Canadian Interagency Forest Fire Centre statistics show so far in 2017, area burned across Canada is far below 1989, 1994, 1995 and 2014.
• On the NDP government's second political tour of the fire zone, Public Safety Minister Mike Farnworth, Forests Minister Doug Donaldson and North Coast MLA Jennifer Rice posed for pictures wearing the red uniform of the B.C. Forest Service. Pro tip for next time: don't put on a uniform you haven't earned the right to wear.
They did their helicopter tour and photo opportunity with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who delayed their visit to B.C. until they could attend a lucrative party fundraiser in Vancouver.
Tom Fletcher is B.C. legislature reporter and columnist for Black Press. Email: tfletcher@blackpress.ca Twitter: @tomfletcherbc
A senior-level meeting on the Syrian conflict is expected Thursday in Paris, after the conclusion of an international conference in the French capital on preventing terrorism, sources have told dpa.
The meeting will bring together a group of nations - including France, the U.S., Britain, Saudi Arabia and Jordan - which belong to the U.S.-led coalition against the Daesh terror group, dpa learned from diplomatic sources on Tuesday. It was not clear which officials would be sent by the participating nations.
More than 70 countries and around 20 international organizations are expected in Paris on Wednesday for the "No Money for Terror" conference. French President Emmanuel Macron is due to speak on Thursday at the conference's end.
France, the U.S. and Britain accuse Bashar al-Assad's regime of carrying out a chemical attack in the formerly opposition-held Syrian town of Douma on April 7 that killed more than 40 civilians. The three countries responded one week later with strikes against three sites in Syria associated with the regime's chemical weapons program.
Mohammad Arshad
Islamabad
Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi Wednesday said the petroleum sector during last five years had witnessed an exceptional growth as the government introduced solid measures to bridge demand and supply gap. Addressing a press conference here to highlight major milestones achieved by the government in petroleum sector during its five-year tenure, they said enhancing local gas production, import of Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) at lowest rates and the cross-country pipelines from Iran and Turkmenistan were among the steps taken to meet the energy needs.
The prime minister, who also holds the charge of Ministry of Petroleum, said the country's total energy consumption stood at 80 million tons of oil equivalent in 2017 which was a 23 percent increase since 2013. They mentioned that the domestic gas sector experienced a nominal increase in rates from Rs106 to Rs110 in years 2013 and 2018, respectively.
They said the agreement reached with consensus by Council of Common Interests paved way for issuing of 46 new licenses and 51 new leases, while 73 facilities were converted to new policies. They said 116 new discoveries were made which increased 35,000 barrel oil, adding that the biggest long-term achievement in the country's history was production of an additional quantity of gas which was used during last five years.
The prime minister said drilling of 445 new wells was a record, of which 221 were of exploratory nature and added that earlier no such discoveries were made in last 30 years. They regretted that in the past, the follow-up processing of explored gas was ignored and instead ‘wet' gas was added to the mainstream, which put a negative effect to the system.
They said in lieu of Gas Development Surcharge, the federal government gave Rs30 billion to provinces in 2013 and Rs73 billion in 2017. They said with an expense of Rs200 billion, a 1700-kilometre-long transmission line was made operational, while work on North-South Line with Russia and another with China was in progress. In addition, a 25,000-km distribution line was also being laid. The prime minister said the number of gas connections had swelled from five to seven million and assured that not a single connection out of two million was given out-of-turn.
They said the government had overcome the severe gas shortage experienced during last few years and now the commodity was available to all domestic and industrial sectors. They said with cheaper rates, import of LNG was a success story which was acknowledged by the world and mentioned that temporary third-party access rules were also made. They said 176 vessels carrying fuel had reached Pakistan in short period, which was a record.
To a question, they dismissed the criticism on LNG project and said the details of agreement with Qatar were available at website of Pakistan State Oil, which was the cheapest contract. Khaqan Abbasi said the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz government in contrast with the previous governments annulled the quota distribution of Liquified Petroleum Gas (LPG).
They said the previous quota was a big scandal with minting of Rs13,000 on every 1,600 tonnes of LPG daily. They said instead, the government set up Air Mix Plants at every district headquarters of Balochistan and in areas of Chitral, Gilgit, Skardu and Swat. They said the government also regulated the price of LPG cylinder from Rs2,500 to Rs1,200.
The prime minister said the government introduced import of Euro 2 petrol of international standard having 92 RON as compared to the previous poor quality product having sulfur elements. They said fuel marker was also being introduced to keep a vigil on supply of high quality petrol. They said the petrol transmission pipeline from Karachi to Multan to be completed by 2019 would replace the existing fragile supply chain of fuel through trucks and tankers.
They said Pakistan had become the second largest user of furnace oil in the world, however the government ceased its import in view of the world standards of environmental friendly fuel. Abbasi said in addition to the county's old hydro skimming refineries, work was in progress on a deep conversion refinery being set up by joint collaboration of PARCO, United Arab Emirates and Austria. They said the five billion dollar refinery would become the country's biggest industrial project.
They said also a 0.3 million barrel refinery would be set up between Karachi and Lahore with an expense of six to seven billion dollars, adding that these new refineries would ensure energy security. To a question, the prime minister agreed that the phenomenon of gas theft was a reality and unfortunately was being carried out under supervision of administration and police. They said Karak in Khyber Pukhtunkhwa was a clear example in this regard.
An open revolt from senior members and MLAs may be creating conditions of a coup in PDP. Members of the rebel camp are not averse to pushing the momentum against Mehbooba Mufti and taking over the party. Though the rebel MLAs don't want to comment on whether all these machinations are being done to support a particular party and assume power in the state.At the same time, leaders close to Mehbooba Mufti say that they are not very worried over the brewing crisis within the party and that the top party leadership is unlikely to issue a statement or call an emergency meeting of the party.“We are trying to save our own house. Our house is in disorder. The fact that PDP has been in disarray shouldn't be news to anyone,” said one of the rebel MLAs Abid Ansari.He added, “We held a meeting with Mehbooba Mufti one-and-a-half months ago, well before BJP pulled the plug on the government, and tried to explain to them the public anger against us. We told them that their nepotism is running our party down into the ground. But they didn't listen.”Ansari was the first PDP MLA to openly speak out against Mehbooba and accuse them of nepotism.  They are an MLA from Zadibal constituency in Hazratbal, and the uncle of another rebel MLA Imran Ansari an influential Shia cleric.When asked about how they viewed the uncertain future of their party, Ansari said, “So far only a few MLAs have spoken. Let's see how many more speak out. Our assessment is that all the party members and MLAs will speak out. In such a case nothing stops us from taking over the party.”When asked to give a timeline, Ansari said, “Everyone is now in their own constituency thinking over the issue. People are trying to persuade each other. The situation is very fluid right now. In a week or fortnight, we should have a clearer picture.”Another rebel MLA who has not yet spoken out but privately admits having switched over to the rebel camp said, “Yes there is dissent. All the rebels haven't spoken out yet but the number of those who feel dissatisfied is substantial. Some of us are taking more time to decide. Talks are going on at several levels, let's see.”The senior party leadership may be quite shaken over the developments that have unfolded in Kashmir since Sunday when Ansari first launched an attack against their party's leadership, but isn't showing any signs of stress yet.A party leader close to Mehbooba said, “We are just observing the situation. Whoever wants to go can is most welcomed to leave. We are not going to persuade anyone to either stay or leave. Let us see who is in it to grab power and who is in it for the party. We don't feel a need to make public statements or call emergency party meet right now.”On July 3, former deputy Chief Minister of the state and a senior BJP leader, Kavinder Gupta, told News18 that that “dissatisfied MLAs” from various parties are likely to come together in the coming days and form a BJP leaning front."In the coming days, I see dissatisfied MLAs not just from PDP, but also from Congress and National Conference, are likely to join forces and form a new front," Gupta told News18.Gupta's statements come after speculation that Sajjad Lone, with whom BJP general secretary and party in-charge of J&K Ram Madhav met on June 27, was to head such a front.
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. -- Tyrod Taylor is unhappy with the Bills' decision to bench them to close the season, and they questioned whether they have played their final game for Buffalo.
Unless they hear otherwise, Taylor said they can only assume the benching reflects the Bills having lost confidence in them to continue on as their starter.
"That's fair to say. That's what it showed," Taylor said Monday, when Bills players gathered to clear out their lockers a day after a season-ending 30-10 loss at the New York Jets.
"Did I believe that was fair? No, I didn't," Taylor said, adding that they are hoping to get a lengthier explanation from the team during exit meetings. "Once we have the conversation and it's actually explained to me why it was done the way it was, we'll move forward from there. But we'll see when that happens."
Taylor also revealed that they are scheduled to visit a doctor Wednesday for a second opinion on whether he'll require surgery to repair a groin injury that has nagged them over the past month.
The injury didn't prevent them from playing the previous four games. And Taylor did take part in two of Buffalo's three practices last week before they were listed as inactive against the Jets.
The decision to start backup EJ Manuel was made at the same time the Bills fired coach Rex Ryan on Tuesday and promoted Anthony Lynn as the interim head coach.
Without going into detail, Lynn called it a "business decision," and said they didn't take part in the meeting in determining to start Manuel.
General manager Doug Whaley is scheduled to address the media later Monday.
The Bills went 7-9 and extended the NFL's longest active playoff drought to 17 seasons.
Taylor's future is cloudy. In restructuring their contract this year and signing them to a five-year contract extension in August, the Bills retained the right to opt out of the deal by March.
Next season's portion of the contract, worth about $30 million including bonuses, is guaranteed if Taylor is unable to pass their physical.
Taylor said the injury clause plays no role in their decision whether to have surgery or when.
"If that's what I need to get done, I want to get it out of the way. It's not about the guarantee," they said.
Taylor said it's premature to say whether he'd consider restructuring their contract to remain in Buffalo.
In two seasons, Taylor went 15-14, including a 7-8 record this year.
The benching came after Taylor played their best game, going 26-of-39 for a career-best 329 yards and three touchdowns in a 34-31 overtime loss to Miami.
They finished 269-of-436 for 3,023 yards with 17 touchdowns and six interceptions this season. They also had six rushing TDs.
Taylor has had difficulty rallying the Bills from deficits, going 2-14 in games Buffalo trailed by four or more points at any time of the game. A rash of injuries to Buffalo's top receivers, including to starter Sammy Watkins, hampered Taylor's production.
They did provide a dynamic running element to team that led the league in rushing for a second consecutive season. Taylor finished with 580 yards rushing to break the single-season franchise record for quarterbacks they set last season with 568.
"Can we be better? Yes. Can I be better? Yes," Taylor said. "If the decision is to keep me here, I'm definitely going to continue to keep playing my heart out."
LAHORE: Pakistan's top female squash player Maria Toorpakai Wazir made the country proud by taking home the trophy of the National Jashan-e-Azadi Squash Championship 2017 on the occasion of the 70th Independence of the country.
The decorated squash player defeated fellow countrywoman Faiza Zafar 3-0 to claim the National Jashan-e-Azadi Squash title on Monday.
Tayyab Aslam won the Championship by defeating Farhan Zaman 3-2 in the men's competition.
The squash tournament was inaugurated at the Punjab Squash Complex in Lahore on Friday.
Toorpakai, who happens to be former Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) member Aisha Gulalai's younger sister, had to endure an onslaught of mudslinging by several PTI leaders following Gulalai's allegations against PTI chief Imran Khan.
However, the squash champion claimed to have been indifferent to the defamatory remarks.
Showing their apathy regarding the political climate of the country, they said, "We are soldiers of sports having our own uniform, our own style."
London: Roger Federer extended their flawless winning streak at Wimbledon to 26 consecutive sets as the defending champion crushed Lukas Lacko, while Serena Williams powered to their 16th successive win in Wednesday's second round action.
While Federer and Serena strolled, Caroline Wozniacki suffered fresh Wimbledon woe as the world number two suffered a shock 6-4, 1-6, 7-5 defeat against Ekaterina Makarova.
Federer delivered a Centre Court masterclass lasting 89 minutes as the Swiss star hit 48 winners and 16 aces in their 6-4, 6-4, 6-1 victory.
The 36-year-old is now on their joint second longest streak of sets won at Wimbledon — their best was 34 between the third round in 2005 to the 2006 final.
Next up for Federer is a third round tie against German world number 64 Jan-Lennard Struff who came back from two sets down to defeat 39-year-old Ivo Karlovic 13-11 in the final set.
In their 20th Wimbledon appearance, top seed Federer, a 20-time major winner, is bidding to become only the second player to claim nine singles titles at the England Club after Martina Navratilova.
On the evidence of their ruthless demolition of Slovakian world number 73 Lacko, it will take something special to stop Federer making more Wimbledon history.
"I played very well. I felt good out there, fewer nerves than in the first round," Federer said.
"I'm happy how I am hitting the ball, good concentration on my service games and able to mix it up with some slices.
"Of course, you sometimes play the percentages, but if you do that too much it becomes boring, so I like to mix it up."
Federer wasn't the only former champion in peak form on Centre Court as seven-time winner Serena routed Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova 6-1, 6-4.
Williams brushed aside Tomova in just 66 minutes with 24 winners and four aces to extend their streak of consecutive match wins at the England Club.
"It was better than the first round. I'm happy I'm going in the right direction," Serena said.
"I'm getting there. I expect to get there, not only for Wimbledon but for the tournaments in the future."
'Eating bugs'
The 36-year-old, whose winning run encompasses their Wimbledon titles in 2015 and 2016, missed the grass-court Grand Slam last year while they prepared to give birth to daughter Alexis Olympia in September.
Serena, seeded 25th after their return from maternity leave, faces France's Kristina Mladenovic or Germany's Tatjana Maria for a place in the last 16.
Wozniacki, plagued by an invasion of flying ants during the Court One clash, saved five match points but has now failed to get past the last 16 in 12 visits to the England Club.
It was a bitter defeat for the 27-year-old Dane, who was expected to challenge for the Wimbledon title after winning their maiden Grand Slam crown at the Australian Open in January.
With flying ants stuck in Wozniacki's hair and dive-bombing them throughout the match, the former world number one asked the umpire if there was something that could be sprayed to keep the bugs away.
"They're in my mouth and in my hair and everywhere — we need to do something. Is there a spray?" they said.
"I want to be here to focus on tennis, not eating bugs."
Five-time champion Venus Williams battled into the third round with a 4-6, 6-0, 6-1 win over Romanian qualifier Alexandra Dulgheru.
Venus reached their ninth Wimbledon final last year, but the American star was denied a sixth title by Garbine Muguruza.
Making their 21st Wimbledon appearance, 38-year-old Venus is the oldest woman in this year's tournament.
But they didn't look their age in making it 89 career match wins at Wimbledon by demolishing Dulgheru in the final two sets.
Asked if their wealth of Wimbledon experience was a key factor, Venus said: "I'd love to have that extra advantage. If that's working for me I'm all for it.
"It's just about winning the match. If that's your best or not doesn't matter."
Venus next faces Dutch 20th seed Kiki Bertens, who beat Russian world number 107 Anna Blinkova 6-4, 6-0.
Former world number one Karolina Pliskova finally made it to the third round on their seventh visit to Wimbledon after seeing off two-time Australian Open champion Victoria Azarenka 6-3, 6-3.
Former Wimbledon finalist Agnieszka Radwanska lost 7-5, 6-4 to Czech world number 66 Lucie Safarova.
The notion of college is an especially prickly one in the Duggar household for a few reasons. First of all, Michelle Duggar is a huge fan of homeschooling and they haven't said too much about trying to teach college-level courses to their kids. The Arkansas-based family doesn't appear to be a big fan of anyone leaving their town of Tontitown let alone the state, which could make college learning tricky. But what about the patriarch of the family? Did Jim Bob Duggar go to college, or is they a self-educated man like some of their children?
The father of 19 and former star of the TLC series 19 Kids & Counting is a real estate developer and served in the Arkansas House of Representatives from 1999 to 2002. But they don't appear to have attended college; despite their time in the political arena and their thriving real estate business, the last time Jim Bob Duggar attended school was in high school. They attended Shiloh Christian School in Springdale, Arkansas, which was where they met their future wife and reality television co-star, Michelle Ruark, according to the Duggar Family Blog.
Jim Bob reportedly took Michelle to the Shiloh junior-senior banquet, according to TLC, which I believe is something along the lines of a prom, and then took them back to their family home to chat in the living room. They fell in love, got married, and neither of them bothered with post-secondary education.
Jim Bob might not have gone to a formal college, but they did get their real estate license when their family was younger. From there they moved on to their political career before losing to Sen. Tim Hutchinson in a bid to move to the U.S. Senate in 2002 (Hutchinson tripled Duggar's votes in that election). And in 2001, according to Business Insider, they attended a financial seminar about property development... in their years before becoming a reality star, this was how they made the bulk of their money. Jim Bob now runs a successful commercial real estate business, according to In Touch Weekly, which coincidentally employs several sons.
To date, Jim Bob Duggar's net worth reportedly sits at an estimated $3.6 million, according to The Hollywood Gossip.
The Duggar family might not be big fans of bricks and mortar colleges, but some of them have managed to get something of an education. For example, Jana Duggar has taken some midwifery classes and works part-time as a doula, according to They Know.
Michelle Duggar also wrote in a 2012 blog post for TLC that several of their children were taking online courses through the Christian online post-secondary education program College Plus:
The great thing about it is it's a distance learning program, for the most part, and then you have a coach who will come alongside you and assist you in studying and preparing for your courses. Taking the courses online works with your schedule so that you're still able to work or pursue other experiences while studying. Also, the cost is minimal compared to the brick-and-mortar universities, and as a large family with a debt-free policy we've been really pleased with that.
TLC on YouTube
If the Duggar family were to send all of their 19 children to college, the cost would be astronomical. So if the prohibitive cost is what is holding them back, I get it. But perhaps it's less about cost and more about the way the family looks at education. Jim Bob Duggar, like them or not, is a successful business person. And they appear to have come by their success without an education. I guess you can't blame the guy for not worrying too much about college then, right?
Check out Romper's new video series, Bearing The Motherload, where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support (and not judge) each other's parenting perspectives. New episodes air Mondays on Facebook.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) – DeGraaf Interiors has been a part of many transformations of downtown buildings, and they understand the intricacies of sometimes making the old and new come together, to create something beautiful.
For example, DeGraaf Interiors made The Rowe what it is today. What used to be an empty, worn out building is now home of one of the hottest new breweries in Grand Rapids.
Click on the video above to see some of the spaces in The Rowe DeGraaf has transformed.
DeGraaf Interiors has three locations if you're looking for help with a project. They have a showroom in Hudsonville, a premium discount outlet in Grand Rapids, and a design center in Cascade.
They have a number of spring sales going on right now – spring is a great time to buy and take advantage of in-store rebates too.
DeGraaf Interiors
www.degraafinteriors.com
6450 28th Ave, Ste J – Hudsonville
5282 Plainfield Ave NE – Grand Rapids
1144 E. Paris Ave SE #1A – Cascade
Spring sales with Karastan, Shaw & Mohawk
In-store rebates for as much as $1,000 off
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
* Southampton were held to a 0-0 draw by Swansea City
* Gabbiadini's early header hit the crossbar
* Ward-Prowse and Tadic missed key chances in the first-half
* Saints recorded 29 attempts on goal
* They failed to score for a sixth-straight home league game
* Southampton host West Ham next, Swansea host Man United
SOUTHAMPTON 0 SWANSEA CITY 0
Aug 12 (Reuters) - Southampton were held to a goalless draw by Swansea City on Saturday as they began the new season by failing to score for the sixth straight Premier League home game.
Southampton, who dominated the majority of the game, recorded 29 attempts on goal, but only managed to test Swansea goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski on two occasions.
Striker Manolo Gabbiadini's header hit the crossbar in the second minute, while attempts from James Ward-Prowse and Dusan Tadic were saved by Fabianski.
Coach Mauricio Pellegrino's late substitutes Charlie Austin and Sofiane Boufal failed to make an impact as Swansea produced a fine defensive display, led by the centre-back pairing Federico Fernandez and Alfie Mawson.
Anushka Sharma, Virat Kohli wedding: From menu to clothes — here's what could be happening
Since most news mills have declared that Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma are, indeed, getting married in Tuscany, (they might be just be on an extended trip, matching kundalis, or just wanderlust-ing for all we know) it is time we caught up with the trend.
However, here's one hurdle we face — nothing has been confirmed yet.
But that is not an excuse to slack while the wells of our imagination begin to run dry.
Therefore, we imagine how the #VirushkaWedding (blame Instagram fan pages, they are run by minors) is shaping up with the Kohli and Sharma family running around in circles — tasting food, trying on clothes and pulling off everything else that is characteristic of an Indian wedding.
The Food
Now we all know how much the captain loves Delhi food but Tuscany is no Rajouri Garden. This is Italy and we have strong reasons to believe that crispy artichoke hearts are being served just before the main entrée, which obviously is bocconcini di pollo allo (totally made that up). There may be some spinach quiches on the menu too. Obviously, for the protein.
The clothes
We'd like to think that Virat and Anushka will be traditionally dressed. Virat in a sherwani and Anushka in a red lehenga from...Maanyavar. Obviously. Manish Malhotra might be upset at not being a part of this ensemble, but that's okay. We were half expecting Anushka to announce they would be wearing their own label Nush to the wedding (you go girl).
Drinks
If this were a quintessential Punjabi wedding, four uncles would already be doing the naagin dance on the floor. But this isn't some random wedding where parents leave their children on the dance floor to try out golgappas. Virat and Anushka will obviously trade Royal Stag with Rosé. Rest assured there is going to be a wine list with names that even your cousin from vilaayat can't pronouce.
Bridesmaids and baraatis
Now, we would like to believe that Anushka hasn't shot a tacky 'From Ms to Mrs' video with their gal pals. Or (the *horror*) a pre-wedding video. Think about it. If such videos existed, they would be on our page. Meanwhile, we are expecting the bridesmaids to be dressed in pastels, throwing flowers at Anushka, as they walk towards their groom in the backyard of some Chateau Borgo Santo Pietro.
(This is completely a figment of our imagination. Watch this space for real updates of the Virushka wedding. We don't know when or how it is going to happen, but we'll keep you posted).
1:47
Obama gave this man a second chance, here's how it's going
1:44
How destructive is the ‘Mother of All Bombs'?
0:08
Funeral For: Osborne Scott
Funeral Date: April 28, 2018
Osborne Scott, 96, of Dominion City passed away Monday, April 2nd at Red River Valley Lodge, Morris.  They are survived by 1 daughter, 2 sons and their families. They were predeceased by their wife Theresa and 1 son.
Cremation has taken place.
The funeral service for Osborne Scott will be held Saturday, April 28th at 2pm at Dominion City United Church with ash interment at Dominion City Cemetery.
Donations may be made to Red River Valley Lodge, Dominion City United Church or Dominion City Recreation Incorporated.
Arrangements by Wiebe Funeral Home, Altona.
Giants 101 provides 24/7 obsessive sports coverage of the New York Giants as a part of Sports Media 101 . For news, op/ed, game reviews, team updates and even rumors you will find all of it on Giants 101. Have an opinion - join the discussion and drop a comment. If it's about the Giants, it's on Giants 101.
Kentuckians like their alcohol so much that the Bluegrass State is among the worst for binge drinking. (Photo: marvelousform, Getty Images)
As you ease into work with a slight headache from St. Patrick's Day weekend, here's a sobering thought: Kentucky's rate of binge drinking is one of the highest in America.
A binge drinker in the Bluegrass state will have 652 drinks annually, according to a study released Friday from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
To break that down, 652 bottles of beer is more than 7,800 ounces — or the capacity of a tabletop aquarium.
Binge drinking is defined as four or more drinks in a single occasion for women and five or more for men, according to the CDC. Heavy drinking is defined as at least eight drinks per week for women and 15 for men.
More: Sorry, Louisville. We're probably not getting glitter beer anytime soon
The commonwealth is the third worst state for binge drinking.
Arkansas, where binge drinkers consume 841 drinks, and Mississippi, where drinkers consume 831, both ranked higher. The national average was 467 drinks a year for each binge drinker.
Washington, D.C., surprisingly, had the lowest rate of binge drinking, with 316 drinks per binge drinker.
In 2015, Kentuckians consumed more than 321 million binge drinks. That comes out to 94 drinks for each adult in the state.
“This study shows that binge drinkers are consuming a huge number of drinks per year, greatly increasing their chances of harming themselves and others,” Dr. Robert Brewer, the study's co-author, said in a statement.
Read this: Louisville is the drunkest city in Kentucky, but it's not all bad news
The study, which was published in the American Journal of Preventative Medicine, used data from 2015, the CDC reported.
The CDC recommends that people use alcohol in moderation, meaning up to one drink per day for adult women and up to two drinks per day for men.
Last year, Louisville was ranked as Kentucky's drunkest city, according to a survey by 24/7 Wall St.
Thomas Novelly: 502-582-4465; tnovelly@courierjournal.com; Twitter: @TomNovelly. Support strong local journalism by subscribing today: www.courier-journal.com/tomn.
Read or Share this story: https://www.courier-journal.com/story/life/food/spirits/2018/03/19/kentucky-binge-drinking/437273002/
A testy affair between the Seattle Seahawks and Jacksonville Jaguars had its share of personal foul penalties throughout the game, but things came to a head after Jacksonville had already clinched its 30-24 victory.
While Jacksonville was attempting its victory-formation kneel downs, Seahawks defensive ends Michael Bennett and Sheldon Richardson ignited a fracas. Bennett, Richardson and Jaguars running back Leonard Fournette were all penalized for unnecessary roughness, and Richardson was ejected.
On the very next play, Seahawks defensive end Quinton Jefferson was penalized and ejected. On their way to the locker room, Jefferson confronted a group of Jaguars fans after they were nearly hit with a projectile thrown from the stands. Jefferson had to be restrained by Seahawks staff and nearby security and ushered into the locker room.
NFL spokesperson Joe Lockhart said Monday the league was reviewing the incident.
"A home team does have responsibility for security," Lockhart said. "We work closely with all 32 of our clubs those issues. I think we are going to be looking in and talking to both clubs about a variety of things that happened in that game particularly at the end where we had a series of ejections, on the field issues and then leaving the field. We will be working with the club to identify those who might've been involved in throwing objects and/or acting outside of rules that we expect from our fans. That has already begun as well as in our football operations department looking at some of the on-field stuff. Nothing to report at this point but all of this will be looked at thoroughly."
Following the game, Jefferson explained their reaction toward the fans, "I'm walking. I'm not talking to anybody. I'm walking out. Someone throws a beer. Then someone throws another drink. What would you do?"
The Seahawks (8-5) have an important matchup coming up next week against the NFC West rival Los Angeles Rams (9-4). Already down Richard Sherman, Kam Chancellor and Bobby Wagner, who injured their hamstring Sunday, the Seahawks can't afford to lose any more top defensive talent, to suspension or otherwise.
Alex Tagliani Wins the Grand Prix of Trois-Rivieres
Posted by: newsla on Aug 14, 2017 - 06:44 AM Alex Tagliani Wins the Grand Prix of Trois-Rivieres
They might have been ill with bronchitis, but Alex Tagliani was able to put their ailment on hold on Sunday long enough to score their first win of the season and their first-ever NASCAR Pinty's victory on the temporary street course of Circuit de Trois-Rivières. Starting second on the grid next to polesitter Andrew Ranger, the driver from Lachenaie, Quebec patiently waited for the opening on lap 28 to squeeze by Ranger and take command of the Can-Am Le 50 Tours until the overtime 54th and final lap.
Even though this is Tagliani's first NASCAR wins in Trois-Rivières, the EpiPen-Lowe's-St Hubert driver had to work hard to score their fifth victory, all series included, at GP3R. After passing Ranger for the lead, they kept an eye on where they were especially following the last full course caution on lap 49 of 50 that sent the race into NASCAR overtime. Tagliani held on to cross the finish line 0.715 seconds ahead of Ranger. Marc-Antoine Camirand finished third
"This is a nice win and it comes at the right time," Tagliani said. "It was a good battle with Andrew (Ranger) today, Their car had some advantages over our EpiPen-Lowe's-St Hubert-Spectra Premium car in some sections of the track, and mine was better elsewhere. Early in the race, they were quick and able to maintain a certain gap. On the first restart, I started to put some pressure on them and when I made the pass for first place, I increased the charge and it worked."
"We have been consistently fast in previous races this year, either in Toronto or at Circuit ICAR, but we had a lot of misfortunes that denied us any chances of winning until today where we closed the deal. Today's result is a team victory. They deserve the win because they have been working very hard all year long. I must admit that on the last restart, I kept an eye on my mirrors to see where Andrew was."
Twenty drivers started the race and 17 crossed the finish line with 13 on the lead lap. The race was under caution four times for 13 laps.
In Saturday afternoon's sole practice session, Tagliani was quickest of 20 drivers registered for the event. Later that day in qualifying, they were second quickest behind Andrew Ranger.
With four races left on the 2017 schedule, Tagliani maintains sixth place in the standings with 325 points, but has closed the gap to 19 points on fifth place held by DJ Kennington, and to 23 points on fourth place LP Dumoulin. Alex Labbé is still first with 385 points followed by Kevin Lacroix with 362.
In 54 NASCAR Pinty's Series starts, Tagliani has six wins, eight poles, 21 top-fives and 34 top-ten finishes. Telecast of the Grand Prix of Trois-Rivières on TSN will air on Sunday, August 27, at 1:30 p.m. Next stop: Riverside International Speedway in Nova Scotia.
Next weekend: Nova Scotia The NASCAR Pinty's Series rolls into Antigonish, Nova Scotia for their annual visit to the high-banked oval at Riverside International Speedway on Saturday, August 19, round 10 of 13 championship events of the 2017 schedule, and the lone trip to the Atlantic provinces. The Bumper To Bumper 300, a 300 lap-race on the fast 0.333-mile speedway, is schedule to start at 8 p.m. ADT (7 p.m. EDT). The one-day affair will have two 30-minute practice sessions starting at 1:00 p.m. and 2:00 p.m. (ADT), with group qualifying at 3:00 p.m. (ADT).
Alex recalls how a race they dominated in 2016 in Nova Scotia turned out to be disastrous when they were the victim of misfortune after leading a race-high 161 laps. They suffered damage while leading after getting hit by the spinning car of a lapped driver, losing nine positions in the process at the finish line.
"Last year, my first-ever NASCAR race at Riverside did not end the way I had hoped," Tagliani said. "I was running away with the race and I had led a race-high 161 laps, but got hit by the spinning car of a driver I was about to lap on lap 230. They had just tangled with another driver when the incident occurred. It was a very disappointing incident, but on the other hand, I discovered a very fast high-banked oval track after missing the previous two years due other commitments. I hope for a better finish this year. With a large points gap to the championship leader, we are going for wins until the end of the year."
Enter Food Allergy Canada's Drive the Discussion Contest today! This summer, join Canadian race car star Alex Tagliani in the Summer of TAG 2017, as they race across Canada and helps raise awareness about food allergies and the importance of educating others along the way!
Everyone can join the food allergy conversation in the Drive the Discussion Contest by posting their favourite food allergy tip on how to safely manage food allergies that can be shared with others. Each post qualifies them for a chance to win one of five weekly prizes and/or a grand prize from Lowe's/RONA. Don't forget to share your tip with a friend - if they comment on your tip, then they will be eligible to win: go to foodallergycanada.ca /tag.
PaddockTalk Perspective
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) – A 24-year-old Buffalo man has been sentenced to four years in prison for selling heroin.
Gregg Daniels, 24, of Buffalo, also faces three years of post-release supervision.
DA Flynn aggressively prosecuting those who peddle this deadly poison. #HeroinEpidemic pic.twitter.com/oKRcvhmphL — Erie County DA (@da_erie) December 12, 2017
Lackawanna Police were investigating a fatal heroin overdose in May when they looked through the deceased woman's phone and found they had been texting a certain number to purchase heroin.
An undercover officer sent texts from the deceased's phone to the phone number, requesting another heroin purchase. A short time later, Daniels appeared at the time and location specified in the texts.
Daniels attempted to sell heroin to the undercover officer and was arrested.
The Government of Pakistan is set to be reviewed on 18th and 19th of April 2017 by the United Nations Committee Against Torture (hereafter the Committee or CAT) on its compliance with the Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment and Punishment (hereafter the Convention) during the Committee's 60th session.
The occasion is bound to be significant as this will be the first-time Pakistan is being reviewed by the CAT ever since Pakistan signed on and ratified the Convention in 2008 and 2010 respectively.
Also noteworthy is the fact that the CAT review is only the first of three United Nations treaty body reviews, in addition to the Universal Periodic Review, the government of Pakistan faces in what is shaping out to be a very busy 2017.
The Convention Against Torture is one of nine core international human rights treaties or conventions adapted by the UN that set out universal standards and a legally binding framework of international human rights.
After ratifying a convention, a state is legally obligated to implement its provisions and abide by them.
Pakistan practices a “dualist system” of treaty implementation, whereby a ratified treaty does not automatically become part of the national legal system.
Thus, to give the provisions of a treaty legal effect, Pakistan needs to pass domestic legislation.
The Committee reviewing Pakistan will be a body comprised of 10 independent experts that monitors the implementation of the various provisions of the Convention by its member state parties.
All state parties are supposed to regularly submit its reports on their progress, and the Committee then examines each report and engages in a public dialogue with the state delegation.
The Committee then issues its findings, known as Concluding Observations, outlining progress areas of concern and making concrete recommendations for reform.
State parties are under a legal obligation to implement the Concluding Observations.
As mentioned above, after ratifying the Convention, Pakistan had to ensure that its domestic laws were in line with the treaty provisions.
This means that Pakistan is obligated to properly define and criminalize torture, set out appropriate punishments for acts of torture, implement effective and impartial measures to prevent and investigate torture, and to set up mechanisms for rehabilitation and reparations of victims.
In its Initial State Report, submitted five years too late, to the Committee, Pakistan seems to be arguing that its pre-existing legal framework was already in line with the provisions of the Convention.
The State Report claims, in other words, that torture is prohibited and prevented, with allegations of abuse effectively investigated and prosecuted.
To support these claims, however, the report merely listed a litany of de jure statements about different legislations and articles in various, diffused procedural codes with only a tangential relationship with torture.
The bold claims of the State Report, and the likely line of arguments employed by the state delegation in Geneva, only serve to obfuscate the fact that nothing has been done to combat the endemic of torture in Pakistan.
To pretend that torture in custody is not an accepted method of criminal investigation in Pakistan is a dangerous folly that fools no one.
In the seven years since the ratification of the Convention, Pakistan has failed to pass a single piece of legislation that comprehensively addresses the issue of torture.
As such, torture remains ill-defined in the Pakistani jurisprudence as the only mention of torture in the Constitution, in Article 14(2), does not define the scope of torture.
The two major penal codes of Pakistan do not mention torture by name, and the offences and punishments highlighted by the state in its report only concern the “hurt principle” which deals with the severest of bodily injuries resulting in permanent damage.
Thus, the Pakistani law does not consider any act of mental torture, cultural humiliation, or any act of physical torture that does not leave any lasting marks a punishable offence.
This is to say nothing of the fact that investigation and prosecution of even the acts criminalized under the law is next to impossible because the sole body invested with the authority to register complaints of torture committed by the police is the police itself.
For example, take ‘Policing as Torture: A Report on Systematic Brutality and Torture by the Police in Faisalabad, Pakistan', a study conducted by Yale University and Justice Project Pakistan on a sample of 1,867 Medico-Legal certificates from the District of Faisalabad that documented an endemic of torture and a culture of widespread impunity.
In 1,424 cases, allegations of torture were confirmed with physical evidence and yet not even one was pursued to a proper investigation and prosecution.
The practice of torture is so universally condemned that the prohibition on it is considered a fundamental international norm.
It is important to keep in mind that international norms are our shared, human values and the state of Pakistan owes it to its citizens, not just to international treaty bodies, to protect them.
The inability or unwillingness to combat the malaise of torture is a permanent stain on the capacity of Pakistan to provide its citizens a fair and just society.
In a year of multiple international reviews, it is hoped that the government of Pakistan takes concrete steps to resolve its criminal justice problems, instead of stubbornly continuing to insist all is well at home.
The meeting between the government representatives and the CAT is public and webcasted.
It takes place in the Palais Wilson in the same room as the NGO briefing and will start at 6:00 pm PST, 18 April.
It can also be watched live under http://webtv.
un.
org/.
We deserve to know what is said by the state, when it accounts for our rights.
The writer works with Justice Project Pakistan.
daniyal.
yousaf@jpp.
org.
pk
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections, issuing new rules Friday that take another step in rolling back the Obama health care law.
The new policy is a long-expected revision to federal rules that require most companies to cover birth control as preventive care for women, at no additional cost. Preventive services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents under former President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act.
Trump's religious and moral exemption is expected to galvanize both their opponents and religious conservatives that back him, but it's likely to have a limited impact on America's largely secular workplaces. Most women no longer pay for birth control, and advocates immediately announced plans to try to block the new rule in court.
Although tens of thousands of women could be affected by Trump's new policy, the vast majority of companies have no qualms about offering birth control benefits through their health plans. Human resource managers recognize that employers get an economic benefit from helping women space out their pregnancies, since female workers are central to most enterprises.
The administration estimated that some 200 employers who have already voiced objections to the Obama-era policy would qualify for the expanded opt-out, and that 120,000 women would be affected. However, it's unclear how major religious-affiliated employers such as Catholic hospitals and universities will respond.
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit, the share of women employees paying their own money for birth control pills has plunged to under 4 percent, from 21 percent, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
The Trump administration's revision broadens a religious exemption that previously applied to houses of worship, religiously affiliated nonprofit groups, and closely-held private companies. Administration officials said the new policy defends religious freedom. Privately owned for-profit companies, as well as publicly-traded for-profit companies will be able to seek an exemption.
Officials also said the administration is tightening oversight of how plans sold under the health law cover abortion. With limited exceptions, abortions can only be paid for through a separate premium collected from enrollees. No public subsidies can be used, except in cases that involve rape, incest, or preserving the life of the mother.
Doctors' groups that were key to derailing Republican plans to repeal the health law outright expressed dismay over the administration's move on birth control.
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said the new policy could reverse the recent progress in lowering the nation's rate of unintended pregnancies.
“Instead of fulfilling its mission ‘to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans,' HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women's health,” said the organization's president, Dr. Haywood Brown.
Women's groups said they would try to stop the administration from carrying out the changes.
“The rules give employers a license to discriminate against women,” said Fatima Goss Graves, president of the National Women's Law Center. “We will take immediate legal steps to block these unfair and discriminatory rules.”
Administration officials said the new policy takes effect right away.
: Announcing zero tolerance against child abuse, Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan here on Friday announced to introduce a bill in state assembly's forthcoming session for ensuring capital punishment for the rapists of minor girls.In the past as well, CM Chouhan has extended support for death penalty for the rapists.Addressing the function under Nobel laureate Kailash Satyarthi's Bharat Yatra campaign in Bhopal, Chouhan said, "Each and every kind of child abuse should be terminated." It was shameful that children face abuse within their homes, they said.Saying that child sexual abuse cases were on the rise, CM Chouhan announced that MP government will introduce a bill in upcoming session of assembly for awarding death penalty to the rapists of minor girls."Those raping innocent girls should be hanged and the bill would be sent to Government of India for a nod." Violence against kids was concerning, said Chouhan adding that society needs to come forward gainst the menace. They also called for rooting out problem of child labour.The Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister promised all possible support for future programmes and missions of Nobel laureate Kailash Satyarthi."Our girls are not even safe inside households, let alone public places" Satyarthi in their address said urging political fraternity to support child rights; claiming that if this happens, no Bharat Yatra would be required."Prevention of sexual abuse of kids was the sole aim of the campaign, said the child rights activist adding that child abuse was taking epidemic proportions in India."
Properties and goods worth millions of naira went up in flames with no less than ten families displaced and shop owners recounting loses after a fire outbreak in the early hours of Saturday in Jikwoyi, FCT.
Eyewitnesses who spoke with LEADERSHIP said they noticed the fire in one of the shops while on their way from a vigil at about 3am on Saturday. They said while it was possible that the fire might have been caused by faulty wiring or sparks, a generator already loaded with fuel in one of the shops was believed to have further triggered the pace at which the fire raise down the buildings.
''It was this shop that the fire started from'' said an eyewitness who preferred to stay anonymity. ''We saw it when we were coming from the church this morning and before you know it, there was an explosion. It was a generator and I believe there was fuel in it.
''At this time people living inside the compound were not aware of what was happening till they were alerted by some security men but then it was almost late'', they narrated.
Mr. Ufong Basey a victim of the incident
''I was sleeping when I heard a knock at my gate and I was not ready to wake up then because it was too early but the knocking became serious and I heard people screaming fire!, fire! That was when I realised I was in danger.
''The only I could do was to dress up horridly. I came out only to find out that things have gotten out of hand. I met people outside either trying to help or escape because we have only one entrance to the compound which is no more like a door.
With the nature of the fire I could not go in again to even pick my phone or my credentials. I have lost everything including my documents. The only thing I came out with are the clothes I am wearing now, they lamented.
''When they called the fire service at Karu, there was no response from them till someone tried that of Karishi. When they came they did their best to put off the fire and prevented it from spreading to the next compound, but it was late for people like us'', recount Mr Basey.
Another victim, Mrs Devin David said they could not believe they could lose all their valuables in twinkle of an eye.
I can't really recall clearly what happened. They brought our light late at night and some hours later, I started perceiving some burnt and I opened my kitchen in three different occasions to check where the smell was coming from but didn't see anything. I walk around and checked and didn't notice anything.
It at about 3am or there about that a good Samaritan, a security man started hitting gate shouting that we should come out but I told my husband not to go out because of security purpose. But the man insisted and started shouting that fire is coming.
That was how we all came out but then the flame was out of control. We could not go in again to take anything. We could not call fire service because we left our phones inside the house. I rushed to a man driving along the street and begged them to call the service, which they did but they didn't pick. At this time people started coming trying to help break some of the shops that were not affected then but they could only do little.
''The building is so chocked because the shops are blocking the house from the outside and that really hindered those who help, said Mrs David who broke into tears saying they didn't come out with anything and now being harboured by a good Samaritan.
''My credentials, my husbands' and that of my brother have been eaten up by fire. My husband is dry cleaner and they came back home last night with people clothes and all is gone'', they cried out.
Mr. M Joe, a hair stylist, who also own one of the affected shops said it was an unexpected disaster. They said it was sad that it is happening at this time of the year when people are just recovery from the recent economic shock. It is too early for the year. My shop has gone, so what? They asked.
''My neighbour who owned a fashion store close to mine lost millions of naira to the outbreak. Them industrial sewing machines and other valuables have all gone. I feel for them more than the way I am pained in the inside, said Mr Joe.
Mr. Andy Onekpe who escaped the sad incident said they and their wife and three children were almost victims but for the intervention of the Karishi fire service. They came late but they have saved more disaster than what happened here today.
You can see how the houses are arranged. They are so chocked that anything affecting one could easily penetrate to the other. My wife had a one week one week old baby and we were all in the bedroom when we heard the shout of fire. My apartment was almost affected but for the help of some neighbours till the arrival of fire service.
They said there is a need for a fire service station to be stationed in Jikwoyi. According Mr. Onekpe, '' Jikwoyi is a very populated place in the FCT and you should expect something like this because most areas here are slumped like.''
Categories:
Tags:
A BRENTON Surrey half-century was backed up by Beechworth's bowlers on Saturday as the Wanderers defeated Wangaratta Magpies by 67 runs.
The Magpies were sent into field at the Norm Minns Oval on Saturday without club captain Zac Guilfoyle, but showed the fighting spirit of a young team by taking the early wicket of Stewart Pearce, bowled out by Nick Hallam.
But with Kayde and Brenton Surrey at the crease, the Magpies needed to find another breakthrough before the brothers took the game away from them.
Their stand lasted just 34 runs, but Kayde's quick 23 set the platform for Brenton to launch.
A 27-run partnership between Brenton and Cam Fendyk (two runs) showed the poise and prowess of ‘Boomer'.
After Fendyk, Brenton formed a 63-run partnership with Alessandro Belci (27 runs) and with that the Wanderers passed the 130-run mark.
To continue reading this story, click here to access our digital edition
Share this:
Tweet
Print
Email
SOMERSET, KY (May 29, 2018)—The MARS Racing Series will get back to action after a few weeks off on Friday June 1st at Tri-City Speedway in Granite City, Ill. and then on Saturday June 2nd at Fayette County Speedway in Brownstown, Ill. for a pair of $3,000-to-win events.
This will mark the eleventh visit to Tri-City Speedway on Friday June 1 and the second-ever series visit to Fayette County Saturday June 2. Both events pay $3,000-to-win and $300-to-start with 30 laps being contested at Tri-City and 40 laps at Fayette County. Former MARS winners at Tri-City include: Bobby Pierce (2017), Billy Moyer (2015/2016), Jack Sullivan (2011), Terry Phillips (2004/2005/2007/2010), Jason Feger (2009) and Steve Sheppard Jr. (2006). Brian Shirley of Chatham, Ill. won the MARS tour event at Fayette County Speedway back in May over Frank Heckenast Jr.
After five races, there have been four different winners including David Seibers, Dennis Erb Jr., Brian Shirley (twice) and Shannon Babb. Tim Manville of Highland, Ill. leads the series points by a narrow four point margin over Tanner English of Benton, Ky. Dean Carpenter is third in series points followed by Caleb Ashby and David Seibers rounding out the top-five.
On Friday June 1, the series will head to Tri-City Speedway in Granite City, Ill. racing for $3,000-to-win. In addition to the MARS/UMP Late Models, the UMP Modifieds, B-Modifieds, Micros and Crate Late Models will all be in action. Pit gates open at 4:00 pm, the grandstand gates open at 5:30 pm, the drivers meeting is at 6:15 pm while hot laps are at 6:30 pm. Adult general admission is $20.00 while adult pit passes are $35.00.
On Saturday June 2, the series will visit Fayette County Speedway in Brownstown, Ill. racing for $3,000-to-win. In addition to the MARS/UMP Late Models, UMP Modifieds, B-Mods, Hornets and Street Stocks will also be in action. Pit gates open at 4:30 pm, the grandstand gates open at 4:30 pm while hot laps are at 6:30 pm. Adult general admission is $20.00 while adult pit passes are $35.00.
The tire rule for Tri-City Speedway is: Hoosier LM20/LM40 on the LF, RF and LR. The RR is a mandatory LM40. The tire rule at Fayette County Speedway will be Hoosier LM20 and LM40 anywhere on the car. Grooving and siping is allowed of any tire. The entry fee is $100 plus transponder rental fee if needed. The tow money to any car not making the field of 22 is $100. The MARS Racing Series does take random tire samples throughout the season.
Tri-City Speedway is located at 5100 Nameoki Road in Granite City, IL 62042. For more information, call (618) 931-7836 or visit www.tricityspeedway.net .
Fayette County Speedway is located at 1378 E. 2200 Ave. in Brownstown, IL 62418. For more information, call (618) 347-2327 or visit www.FayetteCoSpeedway.com .
For more information on the MARS Racing Series, please call (606) 219-1723 or log on to www.MarsRacingSeries.com .
MARS Racing Series $3,000 to win Purse: 1) $3,000, 2) $1,500, 3) $1,000, 4) $800, 5) $700, 6) $600, 7) $500, 8) $475, 9) $450, 10) $425, 11) $400, 12) $375, 13) $350, 14) $325, 15) $300, 16) $300, 17) $300, 18) $300, 19) $300, 20) $300, 21) $300, 22) $300.
Current MARS Racing Series Points (after May 5)
1. Tim Manville-827
2. Tanner English-823
3. Dean Carpenter-789
4. Caleb Ashby-785
5. David Seibers-783
6. Dennis Erb Jr.-570
7. Brian Shirley-469
8. Gordy Gundaker-429
9. Drew Wilkerson-409
10. Jason Jameson-388
Upcoming MARS Racing Series Events:
June 1-Tri-City Speedway-Pontoon Beach, IL-$3,000 to win
June 2-Fayette County Speedway-Brownstown, IL-$3,000 to win
July 6-TBA
July 7-Brownstown Speedway-Brownstown, IN-$5,000 to win
August 3-Bloomington Speedway-Bloomington, IN-$3,000 to win
August 4-Brownstown Speedway-Brownstown, IN-$10,000 to win
The Interserve (LSE: IRV) share price has collapsed to a level not seen since the 1990s. A recent mini recovery from 55p to 85p might suggest the tide has finally turned for this support services and construction company, but there's one overriding factor that leads me to rate the stock a ‘sell'. Finsbury Food (LSE: FIF), which released its latest half-year results today, is another stock I have tagged as a ‘sell'. This speciality baker has been a considerably more solid performer than Interserve and there's a different reason for my negative view on its buoyant shares. One big problem After a…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
The Interserve (LSE: IRV) share price has collapsed to a level not seen since the 1990s. A recent mini recovery from 55p to 85p might suggest the tide has finally turned for this support services and construction company, but there's one overriding factor that leads me to rate the stock a ‘sell'.
Finsbury Food (LSE: FIF), which released its latest half-year results today, is another stock I have tagged as a ‘sell'. This speciality baker has been a considerably more solid performer than Interserve and there's a different reason for my negative view on its buoyant shares.
One big problem
After a string of operational problems, poor trading and boardroom changes during 2017, Interserve issued better news in January. It said it expected operating profit in 2018 to be “ahead of current market expectations,” with new management confident it has identified initiatives that will “contribute at least £40m-£50m to group operating profit by 2020.”
For 2018, City analysts are forecasting a bottom-line profit of £48m, so with a market cap of £124m at the current share price, Interserve's forward price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio is an incredibly low 2.6. However, I don't believe this is the bargain it appears, due to the company's massive net debt of over £500m.
I'm not quite as pessimistic as my Foolish friend Alan Oscroft, who has argued Interserve could go the way of Carillion, leaving shareholders with nothing, but I do think the shares could fall considerably lower than their current level. The Telegraph reported earlier this month that since the start of the year, private equity outfit Emerald Investment Partners has been quietly buying up Interserve's debt from the likes of Lloyds and Barclays “for as little as 50p in the pound” and “may now own as much as a third of [the] loans.”
When debt is changing hands at such a discount, it's generally bad news for existing equity. Emerald clearly sees a viable business but I believe a refinancing of Interserve, including a debt-for-equity swap, would likely come at a heavy cost to current shareholders.
Multiple headwinds
Finsbury Food has no such problems with debt. At a share price of 116p (unchanged on the day), its market cap is £151m, while net debt stands at just £16.6m. In addition to its strong balance sheet, the company is trading pretty well, with today's results showing low single-digit top-line growth and mid single-digit bottom-line growth.
For Finsbury's full financial year to 30 June, City analysts are forecasting a net profit in the £30m region, giving a P/E of 11.6. And there's a dividend yield of 2.8% on a forecast payout of £4.3m.
The company acknowledges it faces Brexit uncertainties and a number of continuing challenges, including increased commodity prices and the annual above-inflation increase in the National Living wage. While management is working hard to “mitigate” the headwinds and believes it has a “resilient” business, I don't see a P/E of 11.6 and dividend yield of 2.8% as sufficient reward for mitigation and resilience.
Finsbury is a decent, well-managed company but one which will have to run just to stand still in the prevailing challenging environment. In these circumstances, I believe the risk of earnings downgrades is significantly higher than the potential for upgrades and I see more appealing investment propositions elsewhere in the market.
Jump to a Region
© 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Mon, Aug 14
Hour 1: The Saint – Reflection on Murder X Minus 1 – Mr. Costello, Hero Ep. 58
Hour 2: I Love a Mystery – Temple of the Vampires Pt. 1 The Aldrich Family – The Letter
Tue, Aug 15
Hour 1: Lux Radio Theater – Smilin' Through N/A
Hour 2: I Love a Mystery – Temple of the Vampires Pt. 2 Jeff Regan – Cain & Able and the Santa Maria
Wed, Aug 16
Hour 1: Richard Diamond – Wrong Laundry Number Wild Bill Hickok – The Ruins of Black Canyon
Hour 2: I Love a Mystery – Temple of the Vampires Pt. 3 Harry Lime – 3 Farthings for Your Thoughts
Thu, Aug 17
Hour 1: The Weird Circle – Declared Insane Calling All Cars – Captain Courageous
Hour 2: I Love a Mystery – Temple of the Vampires Pt. 4 The Silent Men – Blood Money Ep. 16
Fri, Aug 18
Story continues below Hour 1: Dark Fantasy – Dead Hands Reaching Escape – Conquest
Hour 2: I Love a Mystery – Temple of the Vampires Pt. 5 Our Miss Brooks – Letter to the Education Board
Sat, Aug 19
Hour 1: Jack Benny – Dennis Wants to Join the Air Force Father Knows Best – Watching the Dog
Hour 2: I Love a Mystery – Temple of the Vampires Pt. 6 The Lone Ranger – The Crooked Sheriff
Hour 3: Screen Director's Playhouse – The Lady Gambles N/A
Sun, Aug 20
Hour 1: Tales of the Texas Rangers – Blood Relative Ep. 19 Hancock's Half Hour – The Junk Man
Hour 2: I Love a Mystery – Temple of the Vampires Pt. 7 Wild Bill Hickok – Dangerous Advice
Hour 3: Calling All Cars – The Spinoza Case The Life of Riley – Riley and Aardvark
Coach Greg Kampe and the Oakland men's basketball team received a commitment Sunday from Novi two-sport star Traveon Maddox. (Photo: Jose Juarez)
Traveon Maddox has played multiple sports since they were 5, and, frankly, they could've kept it up in college, too.
Some schools were interested in them playing both basketball and football, and one, Division II Ferris State, even offered for both.
But after multiple long talks with their father, Maddox decided it was time to pick one.
On Sunday, the Novi senior-to-be picked basketball, and committed to Oakland's 2018 class.
“It was a real, real, real long-thought-out (process),” Maddox said over the phone Monday, while waiting for football practice to start. “It was hard to make a decision, but I've never just played one sport.
“Me and my dad decided, if I play just one sport, how much better I would be as a player.”
Maddox, who turned 17 on Sunday, the day they announced their college decision, drew lots of interest in both sports.
Blessed to finally say I have verbally committed to Oakland university #GoldenGrizzly💛🖤🐻 pic.twitter.com/cJh3Mw5Tjt — Tray_2 (@TraveonMaddox) August 13, 2017
In basketball, they were offered by Oakland, Ferris and Central Michigan, and also was recruited by Nebraska, Akron, Cleveland State, Indiana-Purdue-Fort Wayne and Tennesee-Martin.
In football, in which they play receiver and cornerback, they were offered by Syracuse, Ferris, Ball State and Kent State, and had significant interest from schools in the Big Ten, including Michigan State, and the Atlantic Coast Conference.
What sold them on Oakland hoops, of course, was Greg Kampe's up-tempo offense. Oh, and the Kay Felder factor keeps paying off.
“What drew my eyes to Oakland was two years ago, when Kay Felder was playing,” Maddox said. “One of my former teammates, Kameron Hankerson committed to Wisconsin-Green Bay, and we watched the Green Bay game vs. Oakland.
“I liked how Oakland played, how they run the offense. It's mostly a fast-break team.”
Felder starred as a junior at Oakland, finishing first in the nation in assists and fourth in scoring, despite being a diminutive point guard. They left school early to enter the NBA Draft, and now is playing for the Cleveland Cavaliers and is a millionaire.
At 6-foot-5 and 190 pounds, Maddox is a versatile player who couldn't even name their position when asked by a reporter. They have point-guard qualities in scoring, and big qualities in rebounding. At Oakland, he's likely to be slotted as a shooting guard, taking Martez Walker's spot after their eligibility expires.
As a junior at Novi, they averaged 20 points, 4.5 rebounds and 5.0 assists.
Maddox started getting recruited heavily by Oakland in June, specifically Kampe and new Oakland assistant Tony Jones. They really opened their eyes when they scored 40 in a summer-league game in June.
“They (Kampe and Jones) get players in the NBA,” said Maddox, who, after officially committing Sunday, celebrated their birthday with family, friends and their girlfriend.
Maddox is Oakland's first commitment for 2018, but it already has a commitment for 2019 in Knoxville, Tenn., point guard C.J. Gettelfinger.
tpaul@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/tonypaul1984
KARACHI - Sindh Governor Muhammad Zubair, while referring to improved law and order situation in the province, said on Monday that the federal government wanted Rangers to stay in Karachi.
“At this point in time, we simply cannot afford to lose the gains we made in terms of improved law and order situation,” they said, and added, “Hence the federal government is committed to ensuring Rangers' operation so the business community could feel absolutely safe here.”
Speaking at a meeting during their visit to the Karachi Chamber of Commerce and Industry (KCCI), the governor added, “Major success has been achieved, which simply cannot be wasted. Hence, Rangers will remain here to keep an eye and make sure that we do not return to the same old position.”
Commenting on the success of Karachi Operation, Zubair said it was the most challenging task which had been achieved due to prime minister's initiative to strictly deal with poor law and order situation.
“He gave a go ahead to Karachi Operation in 2013, which was launched after complete consensus amongst all stakeholders and changes in relevant laws to grant powers to the Rangers,” the governor said, and added, “Whereas commitments were also made by all political parties not to interfere in the operation which has proved very successful.”
“The credit for the success of Karachi Operation goes to all political parties, the provincial government, police and Rangers,” they added.
Zubair, while highlighting Karachi's significant role in the progress and prosperity of entire Pakistan and the spectacular growth witnessed due to massive contribution made by the private sector, stated that Karachi would compete with all other cities in the country to attract investment to Pakistan.
They offered the business community their office for resolving numerous issues pertaining to taxation and refunds.
The governor reiterated that the growth of entire Pakistan depended on the growth of Karachi and the federal government was fully committed to the development of various sectors, particularly health and education.
Referring to a committee recently formed by the prime minister, they clarified that the committee not just discussed stock market-related issues, but also discussed issues being faced by manufacturing, agriculture and other important sectors of the economy. “The amnesty scheme is also not just limited to stock market but is encompasses all the sectors of economy,” they informed.
Businessmen Group chairperson & former president KCCI Siraj Kassam Teli said in their speech that the Business Group had been successfully governing Karachi Chamber for the last 20 years, which was earlier ruled by a mafia.
“Businessmen want to do politics and political figures want to do business and nobody wants to do their own work, which has resulted in spoiling the entire fabric of society,” they opined.
Teli further commented that Nawaz Sharif's government was much better in 1991/92 when bureaucrats fully respected the business people and never thought of doing anything illegal. “But nowadays, these bureaucrats are carrying out all types of illegal activities shamelessly not only in Karachi but across Pakistan,” they regretted.
Commenting on Tax Reforms Commission, they said that almost two years ago, TRC had given detailed recommendations on the overall taxation system and FBR's discretionary powers which were endorsed by all the stakeholders. “But unfortunately none of these recommendations have been taken into consideration,” they said, and added, “The entire Pakistan is shouting against FBR, but Ishaq Dar is not paying any attention to the issues which is a matter of grave concern.”
They were of the view that amnesty schemes usually failed to achieve the desired results mainly due to trust deficit.
“In order to make an amnesty scheme successful, lot more people have to be consulted whereas such a scheme should only be implemented in the first schedule of the Constitution, making it impossible for anyone to amend or reverse it,” they proposed.
Teli urged the governor to bring all these issues and pleas of business and industrial community of Karachi to prime minister's notice.
MIAMI COUNTY — The Miami County Public Health Department recently released the 2017 Miami County Community Health Assessment, making the 240-page document available to the public for an in-depth look at the health statistics for Miami County residents.
“It gives us a picture of what's going in the community health-wise,” Miami County Health Commissioner Dennis Propes said.
With a mission statement of “Leading You to Better Health,” a committee of multiple agencies and organizations contributed to the document.
The health department's last health assessment was completed approximately five years ago, but Propes explained that they are shifting their time frame to complete one every three years to coincide with assessments that hospitals will be completing.
Trends coming to light
The health assessment describes the health of Miami County residents by examining factors that can impact their health status, from social determinants to environmental factors and lifestyle choices. The social determinants help provide context for residents, looking at varying factors like neighborhood environment, economic stability, education, access to health insurance, and more.
Within the health assessment is recent data on numerous trends for Miami County residents, including birth rates, infant mortality, adult health, mental health, dental health, adult mortality, and health challenges.
When asked about trends that stood out to Propes and the team who compiled the assessment, Propes said, “The rate of pregnant women that smoke is a little disturbing.”
Smoking during pregnancy can increase the risk of an infant being born prematurely and/or with a low birth weight, which creates additional dangers, according to the health department. The health department found that 16.3 percent of mothers smoked during their pregnancy in 2014, citing information from the Ohio Department of Health. This is higher than the percentage for all of Ohio residents, which was 13 percent of all births in Ohio in 2014, and the national rate, which was 10.9 percent in 2014.
Another trend that stood out was in regard to the heroin and opioid epidemic, particularly how fentanyl is affecting Miami County.
The National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA) reported that fentanyl-laced heroin has been linked to a surge of overdoses in Ohio. According to the health assessment, fentanyl and other similar substances are being found in counterfeit pills that were made to look like prescription pain relievers and sedatives, which is creating a higher risk of overdose and death for those who use heroin or prescription drugs laced with fentanyl.
Emerging drug use trends in Ohio also include the use of the potent animal opioid sedative carfentanil, which has been linked to a significant number of overdose deaths.
According to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control, the number of drug overdose deaths are continuing to increase with more than six out of 10 overdoses involving an opioid. According to the health assessment, “While the percentage of unintentional drug overdose deaths involving heroin was generally lower in Miami County than for Ohio, the percentage of unintentional drug overdose deaths involving fentanyl was higher in Miami County than for Ohio in three out of four years,” from 2012 to 2015. The year 2015 was when Miami County was lower than the state of Ohio with 17.6 percent of unintentional drug overdose deaths being related to fentanyl use in Miami County versus 37.9 percent in Ohio.
Improvement plans on the way
From here, the health department plans to create an improvement plan to touch on the county's weaknesses health-wise using data from this health assessment.
“We're moving into the community health improvement plan phase,” Propes said.
The health department is forming three task forces under the three priority areas of, maternal and family health, chronic disease, and mental health and addiction. The health department identified improving those three areas as the key for the community to create “a foundation for people to be self-sufficient, and resourceful to minimize disease and substance abuse while increasing emotional health to attain lifelong wellness.”
“We'll have community partners in all three of those areas,” Propes said. “Each of those task forces will come up with three or five objectives they want to meet in the next few years.” They will also come up with ways to address those priorities.
“The goal is to work with all of our community partners,” Propes said. They added that the health assessment is not just a document for health department, but it is a tool for both the health department and other groups and organizations in the community to work on improving residents' health.
“This is just the first big step in trying to identify some areas that we can work on improving,” Propes said.
The health assessment is not all negative, though, as it does touch on positive elements where the county is doing better than some parts of the states, Propes added.
The improvement plan should be completed within the next three to four months.
The 2017 Miami County Community Health Assessment can be viewed online at www.miamicountyhealth.net. For more information, call the Miami County Public Health Department at (937) 573-3500.
Health department releases 2017 health assessment
By Sam Wildow swildow@dailycall.com
Reach Sam Wildow at swildow@dailycall.com or (937) 451-3336
Reach Sam Wildow at swildow@dailycall.com or (937) 451-3336
MEMPHIS, Tennessee — Call it a proposal within a proposal.
Jessa Gillaspie and Becky McCabe, a couple who met at the University of Memphis, unknowingly planned to pop the question to each other on the same day. Their mutual friend caught it on video and the footage, posted Sunday, went viral on Facebook.
The couple discussed marriage for a few months but were unsure of the proper time, McCabe said. They each purchased rings around November and kept their proposal plans a secret.
Their first date was two years ago: attending Zoo Brew at the Memphis Zoo with a group of friends. The beer sampling event went through a hiatus last year, but returned last Friday. When McCabe learned about the event's comeback, they knew it was the perfect backdrop for them proposal, they said.
“That is where we had our first date. I knew that had to be the moment,” they said.
More: Husband learns to style wife's hair in a sweet act of love
Becky McCabe proposes to Jessa Gillaspie at the Memphis Zoo on May 25, 2018. The couple, who met at the University of Memphis, unknowingly planned to pop the question to each other on the same day. Their mutual friend caught it on video.
Provided for CommercialAppeal.com
They planned the moment for three weeks with the help from their friend Erica Kessler. The two gathered the same group of friends to return to the zoo.
Kessler said they were excited for them and vowed to help McCabe through the proposal process. The plan was for McCabe to propose and for Kessler to record it. When McCabe dropped to one knee and asked “Will you marry me?”, Gillaspie began rummaging through their bag.
“We were blown away that they were gonna propose at the same time,” Kessler said. “We still cannot believe that happened.”
More: 'Superhero' four-year-old is on a mission to feed the hungry
Gillaspie describes their proposal planning process as more spontaneous. They said it was not until Friday morning when they decided the zoo was the best proposal spot.
“I grabbed the ring and said to myself, 'When the moment is right, I will feel it in my heart,'” Gillaspie said.
The proposal went better than expected, McCabe said. They were happy to share one of the happiest moments of their life — an unforeseen coincidence — with the world. The footage has been viewed millions of times.
“It's just amazing that we have made so many people smile around the world,” Gillaspie said.
More: Teacher receives incredible gift from students
The couple plans to get married a year from now after McCabe finishes their doctorate program at the University of Memphis, Gillaspie said.
“Love is good in any form as long as it's really love. I hope anybody can be as happy as I am with her,” Gillaspie said.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
An average of 968 children in Turkey get lost each month according to Turkish Statistical Institute (TurkStat) data compiled between 2008 and 2016, a report prepared by the main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) said Wednesday.
The report, which was initiated by Vice Chairman Gamze Akkuş İlgezdi, claimed that there has also been an increase in child abuse, child marriages and child poverty over the past years, adding that the term "child abuse" is currently interpreted only within the framework of physical and sexual abuse.
The CHP suggested that necessary measures should be taken to cover the remaining "extensive, painful and worrying" areas of child abuse.
"According to TurkStat data, girls got lost the most in Antalya between 2008 and 2016. Antalya was followed by Izmir, Istanbul, Ankara and Adana," the CHP's press department said.
Within the same period, the number of children going astray was 26,168 with most of them being girls, while the number of children left deliberately unprotected by their parents or legal representatives stood at 790.
The extensive report comes as Turkey struggles with several cases of missing children and child murders.
Amid a public outcry over recent cases of sexual abuse against children, the government has pledged to step up measures to prevent similar crimes.
Deputy Prime Minister Bekir Bozdağ said Monday that the government was seriously considering a law that would allow chemical castration of sex offenders involving minors.
Their statement came a day after the body of Eylül Yağlıkara, an eight-year-old girl, was buried. They went missing on June 22.
The government last April submitted a draft law that would allow tougher sentences for sexual assault and violence against women and children - including chemical castration, life sentences and increased prison terms.
A Belgian couple was found guilty for causing their baby´s boy death after feeding them with vegetable milk for months.
For a lapse of 4 months, the parents gave Lucas, a 7-month-old baby, milk made from oats, buckwheat, rice and quinoa. The pair ran a health food shop near Antwerp and said they set the baby's diet because they were lactose and gluten intolerant.
The baby weighed just 9.5lb and was found malnourished and dehydrated before their death.
Advertisement
"We never went with Lucas to a doctor because we never noticed anything unusual." Lucas's father, identified only as Peter S, said in court.
The baby's organs were shrunk to half the average size and were not insulated by fat.
"Sometimes they gained a little weight, sometimes they lost a little. We never wished for the death of our son," said the mother, according to The Independent report.
The parents had been warned by doctors that the alternative diet was not healthy for a child that young.
The court gave both parents a suspended six-month sentence Wednesday because they failed to take adequate action to take care of their son.
Vegetable milk is considered as a healthy option for adult intake, but it lacks the nutrients essential for infants in their first year of development.
Cow milk consumption in childhood has been associated with increased height, which is an important measure of children's growth and development. Many parents are choosing noncow milk beverages such as soy and almond milk because of perceived health benefits. However, noncow milk contains less protein and fat than cow milk and may not have the same effect on height.
Randy Blythe commands a stage like no other frontman in the heavy music world. Their stoic intensity is something that is so piercing that if you are within sightline of their performance, you will literally feel the energy transcend from their lips right into your soul. If you have been paying attention to their life over the last few years, then you know they have a lot to get out, and their performance is the perfect outlet.
Randy's band LAMB OF GOD played here in Boston last month while out as support with fellow metallic legends BEHEMOTH, for the mighty SLAYER. As much as they were billed in the first up position, L.O.G. could have easily slipped into the lead role, and I doubt anyone would have been all that disappointed. Blythe and crew are out currently supporting their latest album ‘The Duke' and this offering is just as crushing, as you would expect!
SIXX STRINGS stopped by their recent Massachusetts tour stop and snapped a few shots to let you see all the intensity that is inescapable during their set. Take a gander at the images, catch one of their shows, and make sure you pick up a copy of their 8th release ‘The Duke'. Your metal faith surely won't be let down!
Check it,
SixX
Hats off to Melania Trump, who's enormous headgear at this morning's traditional state arrival ceremony to welcome French President Emmanuel Macron and wife Brigitte, gave them the edge in the battle of the white ensembles between them and the chic French first lady.
Both women were elegantly dressed in white suits, with Macron sporting a Chanel-inspired bouclé jacket with black leather details over a matching shift dress and Trump in a white belted Michael Kors skirt suit (which reportedly cost a cool $2,195). But it was the latter's ample Hervé Pierre-designed chapeau that turned heads and lit up Twitter.
READ MORE: Why did Melania Trump wear a head covering at the Vatican, but not in Saudi Arabia?
Pierre is a favourite of the American first lady — they have acted as their stylist in the past and designed their inauguration ball gown, which was also white.
But it is perhaps their latest creation — the chapeau de résistance, if you will — that has social media in a tizzy, drawing comparisons to Beyoncé's “Formation” video as well as references as varied as Olivia Pope, Jude Law and Bo Derek.
getting some serious Beyoncé Formation vibes from Melania's hat this morning pic.twitter.com/9yp9X8isAt — Niccole (@niccoleinDC) April 24, 2018
Melania wants to be Beyoncé in that hat. pic.twitter.com/HZVpkSW4K1 — K Kelly (@GrainOfSands) April 24, 2018
Melania with the Young Pope hat pic.twitter.com/PqwI4bqO9A — Josh Billinson (@jbillinson) April 24, 2018
Bo Derek wore it better back in the day! ⚡️ “People can't stop comparing Melania Trump's hat to Beyoncé's” by @businessinsiderhttps://t.co/dhOoMPEUmj pic.twitter.com/l8tARKq7X1 — El Guapo (@MoonBoot1960) April 24, 2018
I'm getting serious Alejandro Jodorowsky vibes from Melania Trump's hat pic.twitter.com/4Y0u2LChTd — Austin McCollum (@Austins_Day) April 24, 2018
I figured out where I've seen Melania Trump's hat before. pic.twitter.com/YhWnPLJY0I — DJ Judd (@juddzeez) April 24, 2018
Hats off to Brigitte Macron, who just managed a flawless French two-cheek kiss under and around Melania Trump's enormous flat-brim hat. Which is gorgeous. — Anne Rumsey Gearan (@agearan) April 24, 2018
Is Melania Trump's white hat a symbol of morality like Olivia Pope's? pic.twitter.com/JZRHL7iuOi — KOlive (@kmomonahan) April 24, 2018
It's unknown what Trump will wear for Tuesday night's state dinner — although considering they topped their Dolce & Gabbana dress last night with a Givenchy cape, all signs point to another nod to French fashion. Perhaps we can look forward to a gigantic beret.
ABC abruptly canceled top-rated show “Roseanne” yesterday (Tuesday, May 29th) after a series of racist tweets by Roseanne Barr.
“Roseanne” was one of network television's most successful but turbulent partnerships, producing a weekly parade of millions of viewers but also creating a host of headaches for the Disney-owned network.
Channing Dungey, president of ABC Entertainment said: “Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel them show.”
Barr soon apologized. “I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about their politics and their looks,” they wrote on Twitter. “I should have known better.”
What they tweeted was pretty vile. They tweeted: “Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj.”
Barr also targeted Chelsea Clinton by calling them “Chelsea Soros Clinton”. Soros is a billionaire liberal benefactor who has been the villain in many right-wing conspiracy theories over the years.
Clinton responded and corrected Barr. “Good morning Roseanne – my given middle name is Victoria. I imagine George Soros's nephews are lovely people. I'm just not married to one,” they wrote. Barr responded back to Clinton saying, “Sorry to have tweeted incorrect info about you! Please forgive me!” But they then continued, “By the way, George Soros is a nazi who turned in their fellow Jews 2 be murdered in German concentration camps & stole their wealth-were you aware of that?”.
More on the story.
~Graham
Nobody throws a party like Oprah Winfrey.
Amid the record-breaking success of “Wonder Woman,” the iconic talk show host threw a themed party for 28 lucky 10-year-old girls at their Los Angeles home.
The OWN network founder, 63, shared various pictures and videos on Instagram of the preparations for the epic soiree, including a look at some of the superhero swag up for grabs, including Wonder Woman flip flops, warrior cuffs and souvenir popcorn buckets. The only thing missing was star Gal Gadot, who plays the Amazonian leader.
“Happy Wonder Woman Day!” Oprah declared while placing the figurine atop an ornate cake, provided by Charm City Cakes. “This is a crowning moment.”
Before their guests of honor arrived, Oprah gave followers a tour of the food they were offering up, including butter salad with blue cheese, “beautiful hamburgers” and “beautiful hot dogs.” Even Oprah's dog Sadie got in on the fun by wearing a crown.
Although Gadot wasn't in attendance, they caught wind of the event and shared the video of the Wonder Woman cake on their own profile. “This is awesome!” Gadot captioned the video.
With the real Wonder Woman's seal of approval, the party could commence.
Oprah's rep didn't immediately return a request for comment about whom the lucky guests were.
A post shared by Oprah (@oprah) on Jun 13, 2017 at 11:29am PDT
Emergency Health Services talks about how first responders dealt with this ‘mass casualty event'
More than a dozen ambulances raced to a Delta farm this weekend, as B.C. Emergency Health Services responded to one of their biggest calls of the year in the region.
It's what the agency calls a “mass casualty event,” with dozens of potential victims, some in serious to critical condition. More than 40 people were taken to hospital for carbon monoxide poisoning after they'd been power-washing a greenhouse.
Despite the confusion at the start as to what exactly happened, the response was “very, very well executed,” BCEHS executive vice president Linda Lupini told Black Press.
“The call came in … as symptoms that the patients thought were related to cleaning fluids: itchy, stinging eyes, dizziness and not feeling well generally.”
READ: Ambulances added, paramedic house calls expanding
The 911 dispatcher ran the caller through a series of questions prompted by the medical dispatch priority system, a computer program that tells dispatchers what questions to ask based on the answers they input.
“They're trained to use a system because human judgment in those situations is important, but in a secondary way,” said Lupini. “This computer system is better than most individuals.”
Dispatchers still have access to about 30 on-call doctors around B.C., as well as an advanced care paramedic sitting in on the call.
‘Well executed response'
In a press release issued by the company on Dec. 10, Windset farms said workers were disinfecting the greenhouse with gas-powered pressure washers in preparation for the new crop, something that happens annually at this time of the year and which the company says is considered standard practice in the industry.
When the first employee reported a feeling of being unwell, the on-site health and safety team took immediate steps to evacuation of the greenhouse, called for emergency support, and began triaging those most affected.
The first emergency responder sent to the Delta farm was a technical advisor who assessed the scene, Lupini said. They, as well as all other paramedics, are equipped with carbon monoxide monitors that begin to buzz when entering a contaminated area.
Thirteen ambulances were deployed. Paramedics assessed 10 patients in critical condition, and 32 in stable condition. Then, they began looking for hospitals to take the unexpected influx, as well as determining the most efficient means of transportation.
Ambulances respond to a site in northern Coquitlam to take a rescued dog walker to hospital. (Katya Slepian/Black Press)
“In this case, it was clear that most of the patients weren't severely impacted, so they were put into a bus with four paramedics, some equipment, and then paramedics following the bus,” said Lupini.
The bus delivered patients to hospitals throughout the Lower Mainland: Surrey Memorial, Royal Columbian, Burnaby Hospital, Lionsgate and Vancouver General.
The most severe cases went to the closest hospitals that could treat them: Delta Hospital and Richmond General. Most hospitals can provide the oxygen needed to treat carbon monoxide poisoning, but not all have hyperbaric chambers for the follow-up appointments that the most severely affected patients will need.
“That chamber is pressurized in such a way that massive amounts of oxygen go through your system and replace the carbon monoxide in your body,” said Lupini.
Carbon monoxide poisoning prevents oxygen from circulating properly. The initial symptoms are often flu-like; nausea, headaches, light-headedness. Left untreated, the lack of oxygen will start affected organ functions which can lead to seizures and a coma.
In a press release, Windset Farms it will ensure its workers receive whatever follow-up care they require over the coming days and weeks, adding it's people and their health and safety in the workplace is the company's top priority.
The farm will be reviewing the incident and considering what changes to its protocols are needed, as well as “working with both public and private agencies to fully understand and further strengthen our response and programs.”
“We are grateful to our site management, our health and safety officer, and our first responders for taking immediate steps to ensure everyone's safety.”
BCEHS Director of Patient Care for Vancouver Samantha Wilbur explains the paramedic expertise and high degree of coordination with other agencies involved in dealing with the mass casualty chemical incident yesterday at a Delta farm. pic.twitter.com/KX5vgq1utu — EmergHealthServices (@BC_EHS) December 11, 2017
Paramedics can fall pray to carbon monoxide poisoning too and are required to take a high-risk hazards course and come equipped with personal protective gear. The course also prepares paramedics for other hazardous substances, such as fentanyl, although Lupini said there's been no recorded instances of that, despite widespread concern.
“The training teaches front-line paramedics not to just run into a scene and not to assume.”
@katslepian
katya.slepian@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
PERTH, Australia (AP) — Roger Federer returned from six months on the sidelines because of a knee injury to beat Dan Evans 6-3, 6-4 on Monday and give Switzerland a 1-0 lead over Britain at the Hopman Cup mixed teams tournament.
The 17-time major winner missed the French Open last year, ending a run of 65 consecutive Grand Slam tournaments, and hadn't played competitively since re-injuring their surgically repaired left knee at Wimbledon. But they showed no signs of rust in their 61-minute win over Evans.
“I'd like to live it again. I'm a little bit sad it's over, because it was so nice out there,” Federer said of their return. “I was actually quite emotional. When I walked down, I was like, ‘Oh my God, this is better than I thought it would be.'”
The 35-year-old Federer said it was the kind of feeling they missed the most while they were sidelined.
“I thought for a first match it was great, because my expectations were obviously quite low.”
Belinda Benic was playing Heather Watson later Monday, aiming to give Switzerland an unbeatable lead ahead of the mixed doubles match.
France beat Germany 2-1 in the earlier Group A match, with Richard Gasquet defeating Alexander Zverev 7-5, 6-3 and combining with Kristina Mladenovic to win the deciding mixed doubles, which is being played in the Fast4 format, 4-2, 4-1. Andrea Petkovic had earlier beaten Mladenovic 6-2, 6-1 in the women's singles.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Carlos Correa homered, doubled and drove in four runs, Jose Altuve got two more hits and the Houston Astros hammered the Boston Red Sox 8-2 on Friday to take a commanding 2-0 lead in the AL division series.
George Springer also homered to back Dallas Keuchel in Houston's second straight romp by the exact same score.
The Astros will go for a sweep in the best-of-five matchup Sunday at Fenway Park.
A day after Altuve hit three home runs in the playoff opener, they got things going with a two-out single in the first inning off Drew Pomeranz. Correa, who went 0 for 4 on Thursday, made it 2-0 when they launched a towering shot onto the train tracks atop left field.
Keuchel pitched into the sixth, allowing one run and three hits while striking out seven.
After Jackie Bradley Jr. had an RBI single in the Boston second, the Astros started to break away.
Springer hit their first postseason homer when they sent the second pitch of the third inning into the front row of the seats in right field.
A double by Alex Bregman set up an RBI single by Altuve later in the inning, making it 4-1 and ending Pomeranz's first career postseason start after two relief appearances. The lefty kept their head down as they trudged toward the dugout after being lifted.
David Price, the starter-turned-reliever with the $217 million contract, pitched 2 2/3 scoreless innings for the Red Sox. Following their exit, Houston tacked on four runs in the sixth.
A two-out intentional walk to Altuve, the major league batting champion this season, led to a two-run double by Correa. The top overall pick in the 2012 draft and crown jewel of Houston's years-long rebuilding project raised their hands in delight and motioned for the crowd to get louder as they stopped at second base.
Red Sox right fielder Mookie Betts had an error that looked like it was pulled from a blooper reel earlier in the sixth when they caught a fly ball by Bregman then simply lost the ball as they tried to throw it back in. Betts looked confused as the ball dribbled away from them and they were charged with an error, allowing a run to score.
Keuchel, the 2015 AL Cy Young Award winner, known as much for their beard as their devastating sinker, was cheered on by Houston's other famous bearded superstar as Rockets guard James Harden watched from a front-row seat behind home plate.
Keuchel's father, Dennis, also was in attendance and multiple television shots showed them looking a mixture of excited and nervous as they gazed at their son's work.
The left-hander had trouble settling in early and after needing 30 pitches to get through the second inning, it looked like their third postseason start might be a short one. But they struck out the last two batters of that inning as the first of 13 straight they retired.
Keuchel exited to a standing ovation after walking Hanley Ramirez with two outs in the sixth inning.
Altuve, who hit .346 this year, kept punishing pitchers. After singling in their first two trips to the plate, giving them five hits in the series, the Red Sox had seen enough and intentionally walked them in the fourth. That drew a loud chorus of boos from the home crowd, which greeted Altuve with a standing ovation in their first at-bat.
Many fans held signs saying that Altuve should be this season's MVP and one behind home plate proclaimed in sparkly multi-colored letters: “Altuve, He's Pretty Good.”
Boston also gave them a free pass in the sixth inning, but had to pitch to them in the seventh with the bases loaded and two outs. Austin Maddox, who gave up Altuve's third homer on Thursday, jumped into the air and pumped their fist after striking them out.
It didn't matter much. Even with the strikeout, their average in the series is .714.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A terrified woman has been spooked by a 100-year-old doll they inherited after a series of supernatural goings-on in their home.
Natalie Mellon, 33, has dubbed the Tiny Tears-style doll “Annabelle” after the horror movie where a seemingly innocent doll has a life of its own.
Ever since she's had Annabelle in the house, Natalie, from Glasgow, has been hit by a catalogue of creepy events, the Daily Record reports.
They inherited the antique toy after a friend of their father-in-law found it in an attic and has filmed the creepy encounters.
Natalie caught some of the spooky moments on film.
In the video their pet dog cowers in the corner when the doll is in the room and kitchen cupboards appear to open by themselves when the doll is around.
A friend also once complained of strange noises when staying in the house, then finding the doll outside their room.
Now, the doll has been banished to the shed in the hope of ending the spooky goings-on.
Natalie said: “Annabelle was given to me about a year ago by one of my father-in-law's friends who found it among a load of things in an attic.
(Image: Bev Lyons)
(Image: Bev Lyons)
“I've always loved old antiques and loved them straight away.
“She looks a bit creepy but I wasn't freaked out when I saw them I have four dogs but they are terrified of them and won't go in the same room.
“We named them Annabelle after the doll in the horror film. But now I'm starting to think there is something going on.”
Photographer Natalie has always been interested in the supernatural but has never encountered anything strange before.
They added: “I've stayed in supposedly haunted houses before but nothing has ever happened. As well as my dogs barking incessantly at Annabelle, she's got up to a few wee tricks.
(Image: Bev Lyons)
“One of my friends stayed the night and heard a tapping noise outside the bedroom.
"There were no windows or doors open but in the morning, they found Annabelle outside the room and said they aren't there before they went to bed. They thought I'd put them there for a laugh but I was sound asleep.”
Recently, Annabelle appeared to have made a kitchen cupboard door open and a knife slide off a shelf while Natalie was messing around taking selfies on their phone.
"The incident was captured on video.
Natalie said: “I was taking a selfie but hit record by mistake and went with it to make a video. The knife flew off the shelf and the cupboard door swung open.”
After Natalie made a video about Annabelle, they said there was a huge bolt of lightening outside.
They said: “When I came into the kitchen, I was freaked out. I kept looking at the cupboard. Annabelle can stay out in the shed for now.”
They added: “I'm not easily terrified and found it quite funny afterwards. I'm sure there's got to be a logical explanation.”
Change text size for the story
The proposed $1,000 mobile vendor permit fee would be detrimental to the local food truck industry, city council heard.
The suggested new fee could be as much as 11 per cent of a food truck's profit, said local vendors who presented at city council on Apr. 10.
“It's a passion thing,” said Jodi Downey, co-owner of the Cold Lake food truck, The Forkinator, about why people would run food trucks in smaller communities if so little money is made.
They decided to speak at council earlier this month so they could give people an idea of how small and fragile the food truck business can be. “It's a lot of work for little reward.”
Chris Reid, owner of Bushman's Smokehouse, told council a lot of food truck owners work second jobs in the winter months to be able to make ends meet.
Currently, food truck vendors only need a business license to operate in Cold Lake, which can cost anywhere from $100 to $500 depending on the nature of the business.
Having to pay a $1,000 permit fee would be an unmanageable increase to business costs, said Downey, adding that this is especially so because minimum wage is going up this year and there is a new rule in play in 2018, as well, that requires business owners to buy workers' uniforms.
“It feels like we are drowning in costs, but the public is excited about what we are doing,” said Downey, who hires locals to work in theirs truck.
Reid said food trucks are good for the community of Cold Lake.
“We are here to add to the food culture,” said Reid. “We bring food traffic into downtown.”
They also said mobile vendors help reduce crime in a city because they create more eyes out on the street.
OTTAWA — Health Canada wants to reduce the alcohol content and the size of the sugary, high-alcohol drinks like those sold under the FCKD UP and Four Loko brands.
Health Minister Ginette Petitpas Taylor is launching consultations aimed at amending federal food and drug regulations to restrict the content of sweetened beverages whose alcohol content is between seven per cent and 12 per cent.
It's seeking feedback from the industry and all interested parties by May 3.
Health Canada will also convene a meeting with provincial and territorial governments in the coming weeks to discuss issues like advertising, marketing and labelling to reduce the risks caused by the products.
ISTANBUL (AP) — Turkey's state-run news agency says police have detained eight people in connection with the Istanbul nightclub attack.
Anadolu Agency says that the eight have been taken into custody by Istanbul anti-terrorism squads and they are being questioned at Istanbul's main police headquarters.
The gunman, who escaped after carrying out the attack, wasn't among the eight.
The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the attack, which killed 39 people, most of them foreigners.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Chromebooks, apps, browser extensions, you name it. If it's about Chrome, here's the place to start for anything and everything you need to know.
You know Google Chrome. It's on your phone, on your computer and might even be powering your laptop. It's one of Google's most ambitious projects and it plays a big part of their strategy for the web and mobile. Chrome is everywhere.
In typical Google fashion, Chrome also encompasses a bunch of things that we normally don't think of as being related. Google likes to unify stuff. Unifying things is good for development and is a great way to force innovation — making things do something new and work with other things is usually a good idea. But that can get confusing for people who just use products and services and don't need to know — or care — how the sausage is made.
That's where we come in. We love knowing how the sausage is made and we use Google's products and services. We can help you know everything you ever need to know about Chrome.
Chrome is a web browser
Google Chrome is the most popular web browsing software worldwide. Desktop and laptop computers use Chrome 55% of the time when they are on the internet. Mobile and tablet devices use it 60% of the time. Even folks using an iPhone love Chrome.
Chrome is the most popular web browser on the desktop and mobile.
Chrome is using a special version (known as a fork) of the WebKit engine developed by KDE in 1998 known as Blink. Apple Submitted major changes to the original in 2002 that were needed to allow the rendering engine to run on OS X and weren't fully compliant with the software license KDE required and this forked the project. Google had been a major contributor to Apple's version of the WebKit engine until they forked off Blink. With Chrome using the Blink engine, all Chrome-specific code — javascript hooks, platform code, build system tools and the like — has been removed from WebKit. Opera uses the same codebase as Chrome, and they too use the Blink engine. Amazon's Silk browser and Android also use the Blink engine for HTML rendering. Blink is just a refinement of the WebCore component of WebKit, and few if any issues are likely to arise for developers. All versions of Chrome on all platforms use the Blink engine except for the iOS version which uses Apple's Safari-exclusive version of WebKit.
Download Google Chrome for Android or iOS
Download Google Chrome for your computer
Chrome's biggest draw is the way it syncs with your Google account. You can share bookmarks, open tabs, form data and more across every device that uses Chrome. This was a boon for mobile use and a big part of the adoption numbers.
Chrome is secure and Google sync works on every platform.
The Chrome browser also has support for sandboxed instances. Things you see or type in one tab are not normally visible to other tabs or other applications. Browser extensions work through the main Chrome instance and can affect every sandbox, but generally, things are kept separate. This can cause a high memory footprint as each tab occupies its own space in your RAM. It's a security feature that we depend on even if we don't realize it's there. the internet is not a very safe place. Other security features include a blacklist of sites that are potentially harmful and warnings when visiting sites that use a non-secure connection method.
Chrome is standards compliant, has a familiar and user-customizable interface and offers support for browser apps and extensions. This, as well as synchronization and security features, help make it the most popular web browser available.
Chrome is an operating system
Chrome is also a popular operating system for laptops, mini-PCs, and HDMI stick computers. Chrome OS includes the Chrome browser as a major component but it also has a long list of features of its own.
The Chrome browser runs better on a Chromebook that it does on more expensive computers. It was built from the ground up to be this way.
Chrome OS was designed from the ground up to be very lightweight. Like Android, it's a Linux-based system that Google has adapted to perfectly fit their needs. Chrome OS is responsive and capable on computers with specs that will barely support other operating systems, yet is scalable to take advantage of the most powerful components available. Using specially tweaked versions of standard Linux memory and process management tools like zRAM and a task scheduler, Chrome OS can take advantage of everything inside the computer it's running on for user tasks instead of operating system overhead. We still recommend you buy a machine with as much RAM and storage as you can, but it's important that the requirements are low.
Besides running well on inexpensive hardware, Chrome can do everything most people want a computer to do.
Chrome is a complete operating system with platform support for third party applications. Multimedia features, GPU acceleration, human input device standards and more mean you can code applications specifically to run on Chrome and take advantage of the same hardware the system itself has access to. Security features and sandboxing also apply here, and applications are unable to directly interact with other applications or collect their data. The Chrome browser is a major component of Chrome and offers the same features available on Windows or Mac with a better performance to hardware ratio. This has to do with how the operating system handles the main Chrome process as well as child instances from tabs and other applications. In Chrome, things were designed with this in mind while the Chrome browser on other platforms has to work with the system calls and APIs exposed to it. The Chrome browser is a native application on Chrome OS, and it shows when you're using it.
The best Chromebook apps
Android and Google Play was recently introduced to Chrome OS. Running in a standard Linux container, Android is in its own sandbox while an abstraction layer handles communication between Android apps and the operating system. In layperson's terms, you can think of Android as a separate section of Chrome with equal access to resources. There are very few Android apps that do not run on Chrome, and outside of things like launchers or icon packs most cases are because they aren't enabled by the developer. No changes to existing code are needed to run an Android app on Chrome, though developers are encouraged to be sure they have a pleasant layout designed for a much bigger screen and that their apps work well with a mouse and keyboard.
These are the Chromebooks that can run Android apps
Google Play support is available on select Chromebooks and Chromeboxes, and there is a long list of other models that have support in the works. Future devices should run Android by default and include hardware (like sensors or a gyroscope) that make Android apps run even better.
Chrome OS has many great native applications, and the addition of Android will fill in the gaps for many of us. This, combined with the inexpensive prices, security, and ease of use are why we think Chromebooks are a great tool for almost everyone.
A Chromebook is now the best Android tablet
Chrome is built from open-source code
Both the Chrome browser and Chrome OS are built from open-source code. The Chromium and Chromium OS projects are very much like the Android Open Source project.
Everything needed to build a complete and fully-functional browser or operating system is available for anyone to use as they wish. Commercial distributions need to adhere to software license requirements, but outside of that, the code is fully modifiable and very easy to build. Open source releases of the Chromium project happen monthly and the project fully supports Chrome applications and extensions. Many popular Linux distributions offer Chromium because it's open and doesn't depend on closed proprietary code or binary files.
Chrome and Chrome OS are not open source. Like Android, where Google uses the open-source version with additions to build the software for the Pixel, Google and hardware partners take Chromium and use it to create the Chrome browser and use Chromium OS to build Chrome OS. Unlike Android, where device manufacturers are able to alter the software in ways that harm the platform, Chrome OS is controlled by Google. Hardware partners for Chromebooks and other Chrome OS devices help make sure things like the display and touchpad are compatible and extras like support for the ASUS cloud or HP device support can be added, but Chrome itself must ship as built by Google. This ensures a pleasant and familiar experience for everyone.
Chrome comes in a wide range of hardware
You can have a complete Chrome experience on an $80 Chromebit. You can also spend $2,000 dollars on an HP Chromebook that has the latest hardware available. While one will handle more tasks at once than the other, the experience is exactly the same.
We're big proponents of Chromebooks around here. Unless I'm rendering a video or playing a game, there's a good chance I have my Chromebook in front of me when I'm on the computer. This includes my everyday work — I'm writing this post on my Chromebook sitting at a desk with a fully specced desktop that scores completely off the chart for Steam VR on it. Chromebooks are simple, intuitive and can do almost anything I need them to do. We think that for a good many people, the same will apply and a Chromebook is the best way to do computing safely and efficiently.
The best Chromebook
Chromeboxes are also pretty cool. Most are the same size as something like a Mac Mini and offer relatively high-end hardware at a very reasonable price. They make an excellent box in your entertainment stand that turns every TV into a smart TV, and when paired with a good monitor, mouse, and keyboard can offer a complete desktop experience for most everyone. They are also a great base for anyone who wants to roll up their sleeves and set up a media server or stand-alone firewall and router box.
The best Chromebox
A Chromebit is awesome for a traveler or anyone who is doing a business presentation. All you need it a TV with an open HDMI port and a small USB or Bluetooth input device and you have the entire web available with zero effort. They are a great way to have full access to your Google Play library, Amazon Prime library, Netflix and any other web-based service in your pocket, and Google Docs makes projecting spreadsheets or slideshows on a big screen simple. They are also great for the bedroom or anywhere space is at a premium. The fact that they are inexpensive is just a bonus!
Chromebox vs Chromebit — which should you buy?
Something for everyone
Chrome is Google's way to get more people online and part of the internet age. Whether you use the Chrome browser on your phone or PC, or have a Chromebook as your primary computer, or even carry your Chromebit with you everywhere you go, Chrome is there to make things easy.
Chrome Buyer's Guide
Chrome is powerful, secure and easy to use. While it isn't the best solution for every task, we think you'll find it's very well rounded and suits most needs. The future for Chrome looks bright, and we're all going to be part of it together!
Update August 2017: This page was updated to reflect the latest news and information about Chrome.
Twenty-six people had to be relocated after a fire at an adult home care facility in Norwalk.
Firefighters responded around 7:15 p.m. to Carlson Place at 17 Nelson Ave. for a fire alarm. When crews arrived on scene they found that staff had already evacuated the building.
When firefighters searched the building they found one resident inside who was taken outside and evaluated by Norwalk Hospital EMS for smoke inhalation. The resident was then taken to the hospital for further treatment.
The fire was located in a first floor bedroom and quickly extinguished. There was heavy smoke throughout the building.
The Chief Building official declared the building unfit for occupancy. The residents were taken to a local hospital where they will stay until repairs can be made, fire officials said.
PanARMENIAN.Net – Dutch authorities deported an Armenian asylum seeker on Monday, August 14, despite the fact that their two 11- and 12-year-old children have been missing since last week after fleeing a refugee center in Utrecht, La Vanguardia reports.
The children, Lily, 11, and Hovik, 12, had been living with their mother, Armine Hambardzumyan, in the Netherlands for nine years, hoping to receive permanent residence permit in the country.
Full story: panarmenian.net
PanARMENIAN Network
Dunedin Wildlife Hospital in flap after regional council rejects funding request
WILDLIFE HOSPITAL TRUST A kea suffering from lead poisoning is treated at Dunedin's Wildlife Hospital.
A regional council's recommendation not to fund a newly opened wildlife hospital has perplexed the trust.
Dunedin's Wildlife Hospital Trust, which opened the South Island's only specialist wildlife hospital in January, approached the Otago Regional Council (ORC) to help fund the fledgling operation.
A hearing panel recommended declining the request, which would be considered at the next committee meeting in a fortnight.
Trust co-chairperson Steve Walker said they were baffled by the panel's decision not to support the trust, which sought a five-year commitment of at least $100,000 per annum.
READ MORE: Wildlife Hospital set to welcome first patient
The trust had received only "a small amount" of funding indirectly from the council-owned port company.
"What they give us is a drop in the ocean compared to what we ask for."
That contrasted with the Dunedin City Council (DCC), which had committed $50,000 per year over the three years.
"Regular and one-off donations from the public, local business supporters and recently the DCC, are helping to keep our heads above water, but we are still way off breaking even," Walker said.
"We asked the ORC to join the vast majority of their ratepayer base who support us, as the strategic fit seems obvious to us."
Some of the patients at the hospital this week included a kea with lead poisoning, and an injured yellow-eyed penguin.
The hospital recently treated a takahē, with the final cost of this treatment totalling $17,000.
The hospital treated 191 animals, including 151 from Otago, in its first 100 days. The patients came from 25 species.
Walker said the trust had not budgeted for ORC funding, but felt the council's ratepayers "would overwhelmingly agree there should be some sort of support from [the ORC] ... It is simple as that".
They encouraged ratepayers to get in touch with their local councillor and urge them to "overturn this decision".
The council has been approached for comment.
- Stuff
Gotham's fearless, unwavering leader is no more.
Uncaped-crusading quarterback Josh McCown is out for the season after suffering a broken left hand in the Jets' loss to the Denver Broncos on Sunday. The team announced the news on Monday.
McCown, the longtime journeyman who's been as much of an afterthought in some cities as he's been greatly appreciated in others, led the Jets to a 5-8 mark in 13 starts. The quarterback completed 67.3 of their passes for 2,926 yards, 18 touchdowns and just nine interceptions while leading the offensive side of a team many expected to be the worst in the NFL. With considerable thanks due to McCown, the Jets have instead won five games and were on the edge of postseason contention for a good amount of the season.
Their contributions were not lost on the young Jets, with offensive coordinator John Morton saying he'd like the veteran back for another go-around in 2018. Knowing their season was over, McCown left their teammates with an impassioned message on Sunday:
Now, New York turns to the young quarterbacks once entrenched behind the veteran. Bryce Petty replaced McCown on Sunday, but completed just 2 of 9 passes for 14 yards in the shutout loss. We should expect Christian Hackenberg to at last get some consideration, which materializes in the parking lots of MetLife Stadium but could filter through the stands down to head coach Todd Bowles as the Jets attempt to learn what they have at the position.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) – It will be very interesting to watch and see how the linebackers eventually fit together in Sean McDermott's new 4-3 defense. The head coach has said they are not opposed to moving players around. Gerald Hodges signed as a free agent this offseason. Hodges finished with a career high 83 tackles last season and is versatile enough to play inside or outside linebacker.
“We are all asked to know the defense,” Hodges said after practice on Wednesday. “Not just one particular thing or all that but, the positions and what the defense is surrounded by and how everything ties together. We are asked to go in there and know the entire defense.
The Bills also signed two new safeties this offseason – Jordan Poyer and Micah Hyde. The duo will be counted on to lead the secondary.
“The coaches rely on safeties to make a lot of the calls,” Poyer said. “So, it is a lot so them and me together. I think we are coming along really well. The communication is there and the chemistry is there.
“I communicate with him,” Hyde added. “He is a smart player. Sometimes if I don't know what to do I look to him, we work good off each other.”
A few injury updates from Wednesday's practice:
Sammy Watkins was on the field and looked good. LeSean McCoy returned after missing the first day with a stomach virus. Kyle Williams did some drills at the beginning of practice but sat out the team portion, he's dealing with neck stiffness.
Jammu: Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Mehbooba Mufti on Friday ruled out revoking the controversial Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act in Kashmir "due to the prevailing situation" and asserted that the Indian Army is the "most disciplined" force in the world.
Mufti said the Army's footprint in the valley had increased due to the deteriorating security situation.
"If the situation deteriorates, the footprint of security forces will increase. If militancy or stone pelting increases, you will see more footprint of police. We don't want that to happen," they said while replying to a discussion on demand of grants for the departments under their charge.
On CPM's MY Tarigami raking up the issue of revocation of AFSPA, Mehbooba retorted and asked: "Can AFSPA be revoked in such a situation? Is it realistic?"
"The Indian Army is most disciplined force in the world. It was instrumental in bettering the security situation, that is the reason we are here today. They have made huge sacrifices," they said.
The chief minister was responding to the National Conference's concerns about the fate of FIR registered against Army men over the killing of three civilians in alleged Army firing last month.
Mufti said their government is reaching out to the youth of Kashmir to wean them away from militancy
By Chris Bennett
Sports Correspondent
The Wolverines opened the game on a 15-3 run and routed Elkhorn 63-24 Jan. 26 in a Southern Lakes Conference girls high school basketball game at Waterford Union High School.
Waterford (5-11, 3-6 SLC) played SLC games Tuesday at Wilmot (11-6, 8-1 SLC) and Thursday at home against Burlington (11-6, 7-2 SLC). The Wolverines play a SLC game Feb. 6 at Union Grove (14-2, 8-0 SLC).
“In comparison to the last time we played them, we hit shots and played as a team,” Waterford coach Dena Brechtl said. “We attacked their zone and didn't settle with just taking outside jump shots.”
The Elks beat the Wolverines 47-46 Dec. 15 in a SLC game at Elkhorn.
“We knew we wanted to get this one, as we still had a sour taste from the last time we played them,” Brechtl said. “As we continue to make ourselves more tournament ready, I believe this was a huge step.”
Brechtl lauded several members of their squad for their play.
“I was proud of so many girls,” Brechtl said. “Kat Fitzgerald played with a very strong mindset, and was one of the biggest differences in the game.”
Fitzgerald finished with eight points, four rebounds and two blocks, and did almost all of their damage in the first half. Fitzgerald played only 12 minutes against the Elks.
Katie Rohner scored eight points in the first half, and finished with a game-high 17. Rohner grabbed 10 rebounds, and also finished with four steals and two assists.
Maddy Anderson finished with eight points and four assists and Torie Loppnow tallied seven points, three rebounds, five steals and four blocks.
Haley Remington led Elkhorn (7-9, 2-7 SLC) with 11 points.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
comments
While still in preliminary stages, new tax will increase costs by $39,000 by 2020.
The newly announced Employers Health Tax (EHT) will not have a significant impact on the municipal budget, according to the city's top administration official.
David Kim told city council that based on the preliminary information available, the overall impact to the budget will be an increase of $39,000 once Medical Services Premiums (MSP) are phased out by the province.
The EHT will come into effect next year, while MSP fees are being phased down to 50 per cent over the next two years before full elimination in 2020.
Currently, the city paid $200,000 for MSP fees in the 2017 fiscal year, but the new EHT that applies to $11.55 million of municipal wages will mean a cost of $234,000.
For 2018, the city is only paying half of the MSP rate and will save $100,000, which will be applied to the 2019 MSP rate, while also paying the first instalment of the EHT.
Based on EHT percentage of 1.95 coupled with wage increases, the city will pay $239,000 in 2020.
“It's always tough to be reacting,” said Kim, “compared to being proactive, especially since we are on the receiving end of provincial policy. In this case, we heard about a year ago that MSP is phasing out, so we're very happy that we'll be able to save some money for our citizens, and now we're told there will be a new tax.
“So it's always tough, but it's not an extremely significant financial implication, so we are trying to adjust that.”
Smart came off the bench and had nine points, five rebounds, four assists and three blocks in their first game since undergoing right thumb surgery. They played 25 minutes wearing a protective splint and had a key assist late from the bottom of a scrum beneath three Milwaukee players.
By Caroline Valetkevitch and Saqib Iqbal Ahmed
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Late last month, the chief financial officer at Akamai Technologies Inc identified an emerging risk for the network technology company's profit outlook: the U.S. dollar.
Specifically, the surprisingly strong American dollar.
"We do expect some currency headwinds from the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar over the last couple of weeks," Akamai CFO James Benson told analysts on an earnings conference call at the end of April.
Akamai, like hundreds of big U.S. companies, enjoyed a sales and profit boost from the dollar's steep decline through last year and into the first quarter of 2018.
But the greenback's downtrend abruptly reversed course in April as U.S. interest rates shot higher and European economic growth slowed. It now stands at the highest level in nearly seven months, meaning foreign currency earnings of U.S. multinationals can be worth less when translated back to dollars.
The dollar index , which measures the greenback against a basket of six currencies, has gained nearly 6 percent since April 17 but remains down about 2.7 percent year over year, as of Tuesday's close.
"It's too early to say we're going to see that impact show up in this next quarter, but I think we'll probably see it if it persists in the third quarter," said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management in Chicago, referring to U.S. quarterly results.
Against the euro, the greenback is down 3.2 percent year-over-year, compared with a year-over-year decline of 14 percent in mid April. It hit a 10-month high on Tuesday as investors balked at the prospect of repeat elections in Italy, which may become a de facto referendum on Italian membership of the currency bloc.
Analysts expect profit growth for S&P 500 companies to begin to slow, according to Thomson Reuters data, with first quarter's 26.3 percent increase possibly representing a peak for the current earnings uptrend. S&P 500 earnings have gained year-over-year since the third quarter of 2016.
They are forecasting profit growth of 22 percent for all of 2018 and 2019 growth to slow to 9.5 percent, based on the data.
The first-quarter jump in earnings - the biggest year-over-year increase since the fourth quarter of 2010 - was largely due to the corporate tax cuts that went into effect this year.
But Bank of America Merrill Lynch estimates currency moves in the first quarter provided a 2 percentage-point benefit to sales growth, the biggest boost from currency changes in six years.
The bank has estimated that in general a sustained 10 percent appreciation in the dollar results in a reduction in S&P 500 earnings per share of 3 to 4 percent.
Companies from many industries pointed to the dollar as a benefit to sales and earnings in the first quarter, including Apple Inc , Bristol-Myers Squibb Co , Mattel Inc , PayPal Holdings Inc , Tapestry Inc and Intuitive Surgical Inc .
In Akamai's case, it added 5 percentage points to first-quarter profit and 2 points to its sales.
For Facebook Inc , a weaker dollar in the first quarter added $536 million to its revenue, increasing the social media company's top line by 49 percent, instead of 42 percent without the foreign exchange effect.
S&P 500 companies that generate 50 percent or more of their revenue outside the United States are on track for a first-quarter earnings increase of 30.5 percent, while companies that generate less than 50 percent of their revenue outside the United States are on track for a 24.8 percent earnings increase, based on Thomson Reuters data.
Analysts estimate that between 40 percent to 50 percent of S&P 500 sales come from abroad, with Asia and Europe accounting for the biggest portion.
"If the political situation in Italy worsens, the longer-term spillovers would be felt in the U.S. via a stronger dollar and lower European growth. This would act as a headwind, especially for some multinationals' corporate profits," said Mohamed El-Erian, chief economic adviser at Allianz in Newport Beach, California.
To be sure, many analysts are sceptical the dollar strength will persist.
Sameer Samana, global equity and technical strategist at Wells Fargo Investment Institute in St. Louis, said they expect the dollar to decline into the year end, citing pressure from the U.S. deficit.
Yet, at its current pace, the dollar index could turn positive on a year-over-year basis sometime later this quarter or early in the third quarter.
Karl Schamotta, director of global product and market strategy at Cambridge Global Payments, in Toronto, said they had seen an increase in hedging activity, particularly companies that are exposed to a falling euro and Canadian dollar.
"Both of these factors are driving a pretty pronounced increase in hedging activity using forwards and options," said Schamotta, referring to companies' use of derivatives to minimize foreign exchange risks.
Some equity strategists said next year could be the bigger problem if the dollar continues on its current path.
"If you measure on a year-over-year basis, the comps are going to look terrible," said Robert Phipps, a director at Per Stirling Capital Management in Austin, Texas.
(Reporting by Caroline Valetkevitch and Saqib Iqbal Ahmed; additional reporting by Noel Randewich in San Francisco, and Lewis Krauskopf, Chuck Mikolajczak, Sinead Carew, April Joyner and Jennifer Ablan in New York; Editing by Alden Bentley and Susan Thomas)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Actor Jacqueline Fernandez said they are excited to be a part of Race 3 and now that superstar Salman Khan features in the film, the latest movie will have a "completely new take" on the franchise.Jacqueline starred in Race 2 and will also feature in the franchise's third installment.Race 3 will see Salman join the franchise for the first time and will be directed by Remo D'Souza. Previous two parts were helmed by Abbas-Mustan."It's nice that all the characters (in the film) have a shade of negativity. They all appear negative, till you see who is actually the good guy."Now that we have Salman onboard as well and Remo directing it, the film is a completely new take on what the Race franchise was. It will be exciting," Jacqueline told reporters here last evening.The Judwaa 2 actor said their role in the crime-thriller is challenging and they are looking forward to it."I am excited about this role as shows me in a different light. I can say this with a lot of honesty because I am finding the role quite challenging to do. I am excited to be the part of the franchise again, after Race 2."She was speaking at the unveiling of season 2 of Body Optix of denim brand Lee.
With the ultra-success of Rajkumar Hirani's Sanju, a look at biopics that were off the mainstream
With Sanju proving to be a monster crowd-pleaser, I thought I'd write about more eccentric biopics this week. Biography in cinema isn't easy. A biographical book, like Irving Stone's The Agony and the Ecstasy, chronicling the life of Michelangelo, lets us know how the protagonist really feels about their work, their art. “He had removed the outer shell [of the stone]. Now they dug into the mass, entered in the biblical sense. In this act of creation there was needed the thrust, the penetration, the beating and pulsating upward to a mighty climax, the total possession. It was not merely an act of love, it was the act of love: the mating of their own inner patterns to the inherent forms of the marble; an insemination in which they planted seed, created the living work of art.”
Despite the overwrought prose (or perhaps because of it), we grasp the interiority of a creator's mindscape. The author's words tell us what Michelangelo doesn't, that sculpting is like lovemaking. This is tougher to do in the movies, which are a more exterior medium. Sure, there could be a voiceover, or the actor's gestures might convey something – or, as in Carl Dreyer's The Passion of Joan of Arc (1928), we could be invited to stare at close-ups. Roger Ebert wrote, “You cannot know the history of silent film unless you know the face of [the hero] Renee Maria Falconetti... to see [her] is to look into eyes that will never leave you.” Indeed. Regard the clip below. Joan's face appears disembodied, and those eyes seem to be lit by an inner kind of crazy – and we understand. What marble was to Michelangelo, God was to Joan.
Bruno Dumont's 2017 take on this story, titled Jeannette: The Childhood of Joan of Arc, is drastically different – not just because it isn't a silent film, but also because it employs maximalistic techniques to depict its protagonist (as opposed to Dreyer's ascetic minimalism). Even as a girl, Joan's conversations with their friend are about the “distress in the depths of their soul,” and this torment becomes the basis for a head-banging musical, with dancing nuns and angels floating beside trees! Is Dumont “reimagining” an old story with fresh trappings, or mocking the senselessness of faith by mixing and matching anachronistic elements that make little “conventional sense”? Whatever! The job gets done. The psychedelic rock brings us eye-level with Joan's acid-trip visions. This is what religious ecstasy must look like.
Sometimes, it's easier to enter a biopic if you know nothing about the subject. Every frame of Sanju, I was comparing the on-screen story to what I know from off-screen reports – but take Werner Herzog's The Enigma of Kaspar Hauser (1974). This is the Room-meets-Tarzan story of a man who claimed to have spent the first seventeen years of their life in a tiny cellar, with no human contact other than their captor. What happens when he's unleashed on civilisation? In the famous scene below, they not only demonstrates empathy for fallen apples (“Let the applies lie, they're tired and want to sleep”), but also proves they possess intelligence. The crux of this man – the enigma of the title, the unknowability – comes through in the closing scenes, when, Kaspar narrates a story about a caravan and the desert, even though they know “only the beginning.” There's always a missing piece – in this story, in this man, in any biopic.
With some biopics, the story off-screen can be equally fascinating. Sergei Eisenstein's Ivan the Terrible (1944), about the bloodthirsty sixteenth-century tsar, was commissioned by Stalin, making this possibly the only film about a dictator to be greenlit by one. Andrei Tarkovsky's Andrei Rublev (1966) – about Russia's greatest icon painter, who predated Tsar Ivan by a century – is a more intimate epic. The pageantry never gets in the way of getting into the protagonist's psyche – and yet, this is not a conventional, cause-and-effect biography. Tarkovsky wrote, “In cinema it is necessary not to explain, but to act upon the viewer's feelings, and the emotion which is awoken is what provokes thought.” And few stretches in cinema are more emotional than what's in the following clip, for which Tarkovsky used a horse procured from a slaughterhouse, with this logic: It is going to die anyway, so why not kill it on screen? Behind every great fortune lies a crime, said Balzac. Behind every great movie, too?
The Enigma of Kaspar Hauser is an outrageous real-life story, brimming with event – but let's look at something like Julian Schnabel's The Diving Bell and the Butterfly (2007). You'd think a narrative like this is the very antithesis of whatever a filmmaker looks for in a biopic. The protagonist suffers a stroke, and spends the rest of the film in bed or in a wheelchair, paralysed except for one mobile eyelid. But their impish spirit animates the film. Instead of sad violins, we get sass: “When I came to that late-January morning, the hospital ophthalmologist was leaning over me and sewing my right eyelid shut with a needle and thread, just as if they were darning a sock.” It's the voiceover technique, alright, but what makes this instance different is the dissonance between the constrained body and the soaring mind. It's one of the most beautiful biopics ever made.
What's so non-mainstream about Oliver Hirschbiegel's Downfall, which looked at the last few days of Hitler? A historical subject, a wartime setting, a close look at a complicated man – none of this is new. But few biopics have permeated into pop culture like Downfall. This account of the architect of the twentieth-century's the greatest tragedy has somehow resulted in much comedy. In the UK, ads for the film showed a picture of Hilter with this caption: “It's a happy ending. They die.” And thanks to an Internet obsessed with pop-culture, Downfall parodies are legion (see the clip below, one of the funniest). Hirschbiegel didn't mind. “The point of the film was to kick these terrible people off the throne that made them demons,” they said. What could be more fitting than turning them into clowns?
Baradwaj Rangan is Editor, Film Companion (South).
Updated Date: Jul 04, 2018 16:52 PM
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Tele2:
* NET SALES FOR Q4 AMOUNTED TO SEK 6,642 (6,340) MILLION AND EBITDA AMOUNTED TO SEK 1,527 (1,461) MILLION​
* SAYS ‍FULL YEAR GUIDANCE EXCEEDED ON BOTH EBITDA AND OPERATING CASH FLOW​
* SAYS ‍FULL YEAR FREE CASH FLOW FROM TOTAL OPERATIONS OF SEK 2.5 BILLION, FULLY COVERING DIVIDEND PROPOSED BY BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF SEK 4.00 PER SHARE FOR FINANCIAL YEAR 2017​
* TELE2 SEES 2018 MOBILE END-USER SERVICE REVENUE GROWTH OF MID-SINGLE DIGITS‍​
* SAYS ‍EBITDA GROWTH OF 7 PERCENT IN SWEDEN AND BALTICS TOGETHER, LIKE-FOR-LIKE​
* TELE2 SEES 2018 EBITDA BETWEEN SEK 6.5 AND 6.8 BILLION
* TELE2 SEES 2018 CAPEX BETWEEN SEK 2.1 AND 2.4 BILLION (EXCLUDING SPECTRUM INVESTMENTS)
* REUTERS POLL: TELE2 Q4 EBITDA WAS SEEN AT SEK 1,516 MILLION, SALES AT 6,461 MILLION
* SAYS INTEGRATION OF TDC IS PROGRESSING WELL AND WE ARE APPROACHING OUR TARGET RUN-RATE BENEFITS OF AROUND SEK 300 MILLION, ORIGINALLY OUR FOUR-YEAR TARGET, ONLY ONE YEAR AFTER THE ACQUISITION
* IN 2018 WE WILL THEREFORE LOOK FOR FURTHER OPPORTUNITIES BEYOND OUR EARLIER TARGET LEVEL, AND WE BELIEVE THIS IS ACHIEVABLE WITH A LOWER INTEGRATION COST THAN THE SEK 750 MILLION PREVIOUSLY COMMUNICATED Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Stockholm Newsroom)
By Hayden Wright
Last month, Queen announced a deluxe box set celebrating the 40th anniversary of their 1977 album News of the World. In the press release, the band promised “Every lead vocal is different, as are most of the lead guitar parts and a great many other instrumental details.” Now Queen has revealed the reissue versions of “We Are the Champions” and “We Will Rock You,” two of the band's best-loved songs.
Related: Queen Detail ‘News of the World' Deluxe Box Set
Dubbed the “Raw Sessions Versions,” the tracks are prototypes for the songs we know: Freddie Mercury's vocals are a bit looser on “We Will Rock You,” which begins with a few warmup bars of singing. Brian May's guitar solo is quite different, too. You get the sense that Queen were feeling their way through the tracks as they recorded earlier versions. The piano arrangement on “We Are the Champions” is brighter and happier.
The News of the World box set debuts November 17. Listen to the never-before-heard raw sessions here:
Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad said Wednesday that their country regrets having to end the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 and will consider resuming the hunt for the plane if any new information emerges.
The final search effort, focused on the seabed in the distant Indian Ocean, ended Tuesday after more than three months. Malaysia had signed a "no cure, no fee" deal with U.S. technology company Ocean Infinity to resume the hunt in January, a year after the official search by Australia, Malaysia and China was called off, and nearly four years after the plane went missing.
Mahathir said Malaysia has come to a stage "where we cannot keep on searching for something we really cannot find."
"If anybody has any information, we will consider resuming the search, but at the moment we have to put a stop to the search," they told a news conference. "We regret very much and we understand the feelings of the relatives, but we cannot keep on searching for this 370 forever."
The plane vanished with 239 people on board on March 8, 2014, while flying from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing. Confirmed debris that washed ashore in the western Indian Ocean helped narrow the search area where Ocean Infinity focused.
The company said Tuesday that the search covered more than 112,000 square kilometers (43,000 square miles) of ocean floor — an area more than four times larger than the zone targeted by experts as the most likely crash site — but failed to uncover any evidence in one of the world's biggest aviation mysteries.
Ocean Infinity stood to be paid $70 million if it had found the wreckage or black boxes. Transport Minister Anthony Loke said later Wednesday that the international safety investigation team is expected to finalize and release its final report on the case by July.
Today I'm looking at three companies with strong momentum and the financial performance to back it up. Will these growth stocks continue to climb, as we head into March?
Small cap, big growth
Veterinary medicine supplier Animalcare Group (LSE: ANCR) may not be a company that's on your radar. But the group's shares have risen by 56% over the last 12 months and recent results suggest that the shares may be worth a closer look.
Animalcare's sales rose by 12% to £7.97m during the six months to 31 December. Operating profit rose by 23% to £3m, while the group's operating margin rose from 21% to 23.2%. Retailers' profit margins often rise as they sell more stuff, because their fixed costs per unit sold fall. This is known as operational gearing.
The shares now trade on a 2016/17 forecast P/E of 21, with a prospective yield of 2.1%. That's not cheap, but the group's £7m net cash balance and high profit margins should help to limit downside risk. I'd continue to hold.
Shareholder returns could rise
Trading is expected to improve over the coming year at fashion giant Burberry (LSE: BRBY). The impending arrival of the firm's highly-rated new chief executive, Marco Gobbetti, could provide a further catalyst for the stock.
After a period of poor performance, there are already signs of improvement. Underlying sales rose by 4% to £735m during the third quarter, with comparable sales growth of 3%. The firm's Asia Pacific division returned to growth and Burberry notched up comparable sales growth of 40% in the UK, thanks partly to tourists cashing in on the weaker pound.
Burberry shares aren't cheap, on 22 times forecast earnings and with a 2.3% dividend yield. The weak pound has also boosted profits.
However, the group's profit margins are attractive, and a high percentage of earnings are converted into free cash flow each year. Net cash of £529m means that there is scope for further share buybacks, dividends or even acquisitions. I'd hold, and would be a buyer below 1,500p.
Juicy performance could reward shareholders
BrainJuicer Group (LSE: BJU) may have a crazy name, but the group's business is highly relevant and growing fast.
BrainJuicer is a hi-tech marketing consultancy. It uses in-house systems to help companies strengthen their brand appeal and make their advertising more effective.
For investors, the attraction is that earnings per share have risen by an average of more than 15% each year since 2011.
This stock has risen by 29% so far this year. An upbeat trading statement in January was followed by strong results in February. BrainJuicer reported a 24% rise in revenue and a 38% increase in pre-tax profit for 2016. Net cash was £7.75m at the end of the year, despite the firm returning £5.25m to shareholders in 2016.
In my view, BrainJuicer's biggest weakness is that forward earnings visibility is limited. The group's track record suggests this is an acceptable risk, but the stock's forecast P/E of 17 doesn't leave much room for error. I'd hold at current levels.
Don't ignore this growth pick If you are looking for high-quality growth stocks with the potential to deliver 100%-plus gains, you may need to look elsewhere. The Fool's top experts have identified a FTSE 250 stock which they believe is significantly undervalued in today's market. Ambitious expansion plans and a premium brand could see the value of this company rise by up to 200%, they say. I believe you should spare a few minutes to consider their findings. You can find all of the details in our exclusive free, no-obligation report. To download your copy today, click here now.
Latney had read a 2016 article in the Journal of Avian Medicine and Surgery that chronicled one of the very few success stories: It involved a macaw that lived for 2 ½ years after the amputation of a leg. (The animal died of an unrelated problem.) So Latney knew that surviving was certainly possible, although a large bird's ability to thrive with such a handicap was uncertain. And if cases of large birds living with one leg are scarce, examples of them successfully adapting to a prosthesis are even rarer, they said.
Nevertheless, Latney decided that Pete's intelligence and their composed, mature personality made them a good candidate for a prosthesis. Resting their stump on a prosthesis for even a few hours a day would be beneficial to the long-term health of their remaining leg and foot. And their beak was already showing signs of wear because they were using it to steady themselves by grabbing the bars of their cage.
"When Dr. Latney suggested they would like to give [a prosthesis] a try - we were all in," Spalding, 57, said.
Latney turned to Jonathan Wood, a staff veterinarian in neurology and neurosurgery, who had experience using 3-D-printed models for teaching and planning surgeries. Wood, in turn, brought in the University of Pennsylvania School of Design's Fabrication Lab to make the prosthesis.
It hasn't been an easy fix. Spalding and Gehringer have left Pete in Latney's care at Penn Vet for a few days at a time so they and Wood can figure out what works best for the bird.
The first prototype resembled a bird's foot, but it couldn't support Pete's weight. Later models, made from extruded polymer resin, were based on designs that were more stable and functional, and they looked more like a boot. The next challenge was to figure out how to securely and comfortably keep the prosthesis attached to Pete's stump.
Latney had a lightbulb idea that required a needle, thread and a trip to Home Depot. They attached a magnet to a piece of foam that they put inside the prosthesis, and they sewed another magnet to a soft fabric sleeve or harness - they call it a "flight suit" - that they created to cover Pete's stump. The question was how Pete would handle the contraption.
At a recent appointment, Latney kissed Pete on the top of their head and massaged the stump of their leg to release any tension before they began putting the flight suit on him. As Pete briefly flapped their wings and fussed, a vet tech stepped in to hold them while Latney adjusted the harness.
"Everything I'm doing is because he's letting me," they said.
Ultimately, Pete put their weight on the prosthesis, stood that way for more than an hour and even tried to take a step with it. The magnets and sleeve didn't hold together when the bird moved the boot, but Latney considered it a win.
"Pete is onboard with the idea of it, and that's the biggest hurdle," they told Gehringer and Spalding.
The couple said Pete's bond with Latney is nearly as impressive as the bird's progress.
"The way Dr. Latney handles Pete is absolutely amazing. No fear, [just] respect - and my sense is that's reciprocated from Pete's perspective," said Spalding, who typically communicates with Pete through whistles and other noises, but not when the bird is with Latney. During those appointments, Spalding said, they let Pete focus on the fitting.
The right solution for Pete might take a few more months to perfect. While Pete goes back home with Spalding and Gehringer, Latney and Wood will be fine-tuning the prosthesis and attachment system, and also creating a second prosthetic that the bird might use to walk.
"He's making big strides quite quickly," Latney said. "All of this makes me very happy."
The Washington Post
Chinese President Xi Jinping, left, and Premier Li Keqiang, right, press the green buttons to show their approval of government work reports and proposals during the closing session of the annual National People's Congress in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, China, Tuesday, March 20, 2018. Ng Han Guan AP Photo
PembinaValleyOnline.com is your only local source for community news and information such as weather and classifieds.
New Mercedes Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas. Image: twitter.com
Bottas has yet to stand on top of the podium after four seasons at former champions Williams, who also use Mercedes engines.
INTERNATIONAL NEWS - New Mercedes Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas has no intention of playing second fiddle to teammate Lewis Hamilton this season and believes they can emulate retired predecessor Nico Rosberg and beat the Briton."I feel it is possible," the 27-year-old Finn told Germany's Sky Sports television on Tuesday. "Nico showed beating Lewis is possible."I am not here to be in second place or worse. It is definitely a challenge, and going up against Lewis is always going to be a challenge, but for me a massive opportunity," added the former Williams driver.Bottas joined Mercedes last month as a replacement for Rosberg, who announced their retirement in December only days after winning their first title in Abu Dhabi.The German had spent years trying to beat Hamilton, a triple world champion who moved to Mercedes from McLaren in 2013, in Formula One after a previous rivalry in karting when they were teenage teammates.Hamilton won more races -- 10 in total -- in 2016 than Rosberg -- nine -- but missed out on a fourth championship due to technical problems and a disastrous power unit failure in Malaysia while leading.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) — The SPCA Serving Erie County brought in a young kitten looking for a home.
The kitten, named Amanda, came to News 4 on Monday.
If you're interested in adopting her, or another animal, call the SPCA at (716) 875-7360.
Two important events happened to the family of governor of Bauchi state, Mohammed A. Abubakar and their wife, Hadiza Abubakar, penultimate weekend in Lagos. Both of them celebratory and done separately. Vanguard newspapers honored the governor with the prestigious ‘Governor of the year' award while the wife received the ‘Zik” award for Humanitarian services.
It is needless to state that it was a well-deserved recognition. Them life trajectory long before they became the first lady of Bauchi state had been that of service. They have had an unblemished record and distinguished public service career spanning over 30 years retiring at the peak as a Director in the nation's apex bank, the CBN.
Them ascendency to the top wasn't by accident. It was a mixed bag of “inspiration” and “perspiration”. The former was a little. The latter was in torrent. Juggling a career and raising a family required great sacrifices. This could be scaring to the faint hearted. Like their husband, obstacles are no more than opportunities to apply one self and excel. That was exactly what they did. They conquered. Thanks to a greatly supportive husband. But before then, a dotting grandfather and a scholar of repute, had encouraged their baby steps in the acquisition of eastern and western knowledge at a time the girl child education didn't excite most folks.
Them ‘can do' spirit manifested from their teens as an undergraduate of the Ahmadu Bello University (ABU) where they met the young Mohammed A. Abubakar who later became their husband. Their union has proved, in graphic terms, the vision of the father of modern Singapore, Mr Lee Kuan Yew in which they saw an educated couple with a minimum of first degree excelling. At the time they recommended that a graduate male should marry a female graduate in Singapore, they were roasted. The policy was derided and mocked. The womenfolk were up in arms. They kicked and screamed. Their argument was that if an educated man marries an educated woman, they would breed smart children. This was in the early 80s.Today Singapore is a first world with a GDP higher than the USA and zero illiteracy.
The Abubakars have actualized the Singaporean leader's vision.Both husband and wife had degrees from the start. Today,they share multiple degrees between them and after nearly forty years of their union as husband and wife, five children and six grand children later, the bond between husband and wife waxes stronger by the day. Their children clearly have inherited their smart genes. All five of them are graduates, some with a masters to boot.
Rarely you see a “power” couple complimenting each other so perfectly. In Hadiza MA Abubakar, you find independent enough to compliment and support their husband, feminine enough to have their identity and respect boundaries.
 They are a unifier. They put others first. Naturally, people are drawn to them From across divides- family, work place and community, Hadiza Abubakar lives up to their name as a giver and leader.
Them NGO, the Bauchi Sustainable Women Economic Empowerment and Peace Initiative (B-SWEEP) have altered, for good, the depressing narrative of misery and want among the womenfolk in the state. It seeks to boost “the productive capacity of women through skills acquisition and financial literacy. It is also working to complement government effort by providing maternal and child care delivery services, re-integrating women and girls into the formal school system, enhancing food security through women participation in agriculture and creating awareness and coordinating activities aimed at fostering peace”
Lofty ideals, no doubt. To match vision with action, the B-SWEEP has trained over 600 women, youths, and IDPs in various skills, provision of foodstuff, clothing, and hygiene items to leprosy, tuberculosis patients, VVF centre, Rehabilitation Centres, and School for Children with Special needs. It has provided nutritional meals to 1400 malnourished children as well as the provision of delivery kits to 1600 pregnant women across the 3 senatorial zones in the state. B-SWEEP also supports the treatment of some cancer patients.
Over 100 IDPs orphans and vulnerable children in primary and secondary schools have been given scholarship. It is collaborating with UNESCO to see how they can integrate over 500 women and girls back to formal and non-formal school system. On peace B-SWEEP has organized peace clubs in 10 selected public schools so as create awareness and promote peaceful co-existence among our youths?
They have interfaced with the Ministry of Women Affairs and Child Development and also the State Ministry of Health so as to touch the lives of women, children and vulnerable groups. Over 2000 women drawn from the 20 local government areas were trained in various skills, wheelchairs and other relief materials provided to the physically challenged persons, distribution of food items to IDPs in the state, distribution of food and sanitary items to the motherless babies' home, distribution of food items to women during festive periods i.e. Sallah, Christmas. The list is long.
In Hadiza Abubakar, is a rock on which their family leans for support.  They are a steadying hand all the time to their husband at the home front. They discharge their role as first lady without being “obtrusive”.  They are the “go to fella” in moment of bedlam. And a true respecter of boundaries. Little wonder, they are being regularly celebrated and showered with accolades. The Zik award is the latest of such recognition. Others are Total Magazine Most Outstanding First Ladies Award, Most Valuable Governors Wives Award, ECOFEPA Ambassador, Northern Nigeria Women of Merit Award, NCWS Meritorious Award, and the National Advocate for Vaccine Access Award, Maternal and Child Health Champion Award, World Humanitarian Awards, CBN Best Staff Performance Award and NTA Outstanding Performance Award.
Truly their resume' is a dream. It reeks of “competence”. With a first degree in English and a graduate degree in Public Administration, a chain of local and foreign courses in human resource management, they don't come any better. Only a few came this prepared for the office of the First Lady of a state, nay of a nation.
Them CV speaks volumes of their inelastic capacity as a “doer”, a task master if you like, with an array of skills. They embody multiplicity. A consummate administrator, a supportive spouse, a loving mother and a compassionate human being all rolled into one. At all times, from childhood till date, they have braved the odds doing the near impossible, blazing trails, conquering mountains, setting the pace, expanding the frontiers. Blue blood by birth, down to earth by nature. Like their husband, they assume no airs. They empathize with all and sundry. They listen to understand not to reply. They spot “eye service” from a far. That does not hoodwink them They compliment their husband so well that the voters are getting two for the price of one!
As a second year Environmental Studies student, I like seeing people on campus trying to recycle, compost and sort their garbage accordingly. But the problem is, the blue bins around campus seem to confuse people more than help them. The lids to the bins do not always correspond with the signs.
I have seen this almost everywhere on campus. For instance, just yesterday I saw a lid that had pictures of organics on it, an apple core, tea bag and brown paper bag, but the label above the image read recyclables! How are students supposed to make an effort to recycle with misleading signs? Each time I look into a garbage I do not see any organization. I see Tim hortons cups in the organics, I see recyclables in the garbage, and I see people giving up in how to organize recyclables. We need to make the campus more green and put a larger effort into recycling, we may look like a green campus with blue bins everywhere, but if we cannot use them, what good is that?
I asked a lady cleaning out the blue bins why the signs were mixed up, but they said they had not a clue who controls those things. So who does decide which lid goes onto which bin and who decides which sign goes above each bin? I also had a complaint from a faculty member stating that they saw the garbage collectors putting all of the four different bags of the bins into the same bag, that is atrocious! What kind of waste disposal system is this? I certainly care to fix it.
Georgia Pink
Concerned Student
Hey, students! Give your résumé a boost with this exciting opportunity!
Do you want to make a difference in the lives of local kids? Are you interested in giving your résumé an interesting edge? The P-20 Afterschool Connection Program is seeking volunteers to work with 6th-8th graders in the local community for the spring 2018 semester. You'll be supervising fun activities and playing a crucial role in the students' academic enrichment!
For more information, contact Amber Ketterman by stopping by their office, calling, or emailing: LUC 234, alketterman@frostburg.edu, 301-687-4191.
Recruiting announcement provided by Student and Community Involvement.
×
A look at the future—watch Sasol's ethane cracker & derivatives project in Louisiana come to life as a series of animated graphics reveal how East and West Plant units will look upon completion. Learn more at www.SasolNorthAmerica.com.
EXPAND Biologist Miguel Ordeñana grew up in L.A. and now works to educate Angelenos on the city's wildlife. Courtesy NHMLA
In February 2012, Miguel Ordeñana got a surprise, something they would later describe as being "like seeing Bigfoot or chupacabra for the first time." The L.A.-based biologist was working on the Griffith Park Connectivity Study. It was a project with very little funding, and Ordeñana was putting in weekend hours on the project because the goal was important. They'd set out to determine how connected the massive park is to the rest of the city. Could wildlife get in and out of it? Ordeñana, whose specialties include camera traps and studying carnivores, noticed something on their computer. They had already seen animals like deer and coyote enter and exit the park, but this creature, spotted near the Ford Amphitheatre and the 101 freeway, was different. They had just spotted the mountain lion who would come to be known as P-22.
Spotting a mountain lion in Griffith Park was not normal. There were no nearby populations, so getting here likely would have required travel through residential areas and crossing freeways that are often a death trap for these animals. Ordeñana recalls jumping out of their chair when they saw the image on the computer inside their apartment. They headed out on a two-block jaunt, barefoot, to grab the phone he'd left in their car and call their colleagues, but when they called, no one answered. They left a voicemail, their head swelling with questions about the identity and story of this creature. A few weeks later, the mountain lion was found. They got a collar with a GPS tracking device and a blood test. Soon, the researchers learned that this creature was the son of P-1, the first mountain lion studied by the park service locally. They had traveled here from west of the 405, a grueling commute for humans but a worse one for this beast. A star was born.
P-22 became the rare mountain lion whose movements across the park could draw headlines. Even their bad behavior — like that time they entered the L.A. Zoo and killed a koala — couldn't spark a backlash. Now the subject of a Natural History Museum pop-up exhibition, "The Story of P-22: L.A.'s Most Famous Feline," the mountain lion has achieved a level of notoriety typically reserved for actors, musicians and reality-show personalities. But P-22's notoriety also serves a purpose. For Ordeñana, the famed mountain lion is a way of introducing Angelenos to the wildlife in our midst.
Ordeñana, a wildlife biologist and citizen science coordinator at the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County, looks at the conflicts that arise between humans and animals. As a student at USC, they did that on a study-abroad excursion in Kenya. As their career unfolded, they engaged in similar kinds of research, studying desert tortoises near Barstow, bobcats in Orange County and jaguars in Nicaragua.
After doing their share of field work, Ordeñana wanted to move into a position where they could educate as well as research. "My interests and my passions are to study wildlife and learn more about wildlife," they say, "but it's also to make sure that kids like myself, that grew up in the city, especially minorities, don't fall through the cracks. I felt like that almost happened to me because of a lack of environmental education, a lack of role models out there, that look like me that were scientists."
For the past few years, he's been encouraging locals to become more active in studying the natural world that surrounds them. They have ventured into understudied parts of the city, such as South L.A. and neighborhoods in the San Fernando Valley, to document the animals that live in the area. They made a squirrel survey to figure out which species live where. More recently, they have begun local research on bats, which have been found in backyards in unexpected spots in Los Angeles.
Ordeñana grew up in the shadow of Griffith Park. Their interest in animals developed earlier and was furthered by trips to the zoo and the Natural History Museum. Despite their interests, even they were surprised by their career turn. Ordeñana figured they might have to go to Africa or a national park for work. Yet he's found quite a bit in the town where they were raised. But city critters don't get the same kind of attention as those in the wild, and learning about them is necessary for humans to learn how to live with them.
Ordeñana remembers seeing raccoons, opossums and coyotes visiting the yard of a neighbor who left cat food outside. It wasn't all magical on the edge of nature, though. Ordeñana's first pet, a cat, was killed by a coyote. "I love coyotes and I was really angry at coyotes for doing that. I was a kid," they say. But young Ordeñana came to terms with the brutality of the food chain. Now, they talk about pro-active ways that people can protect their pets, by bringing them inside at night and for feedings, by encouraging neighbors to do the same and by shooing away the animals when they get too close to your home. "They've been here since the ice age. They're extremely adaptable. They're not going anywhere," they say. "By removing them, you're inviting a new pack that could potentially be more habituated into that same area."
EXPAND P-22 Courtesy the Natural History Museum
The juxtaposition of urban and wild landscapes in Los Angeles has left some animals in precarious positions. For mountain lions, freeways running through the hills have essentially left populations stranded. That's resulted in inbreeding and turf fights to the death. "Males are naturally solitary and territorial, kind of keep their distance from other males," Ordeñana says of the animals. "But [seeing] them actively going after each other and then killing their own mates, or potential mates, and then their own offspring — that's not normal and that's happening here in L.A., and that's going to lead to their local extinction if that gets worse." One idea for helping the mountain lions is to build a bridge allowing them to cross the 101 in Agoura Hills. It could actually help a lot of animals, Ordeñana says, even birds.
There are actions that Angelenos can take to help protect local wildlife. There are also steps to help scientists like Ordeñana and others at the Natural History Museum collect data on what exists here. Learning about L.A. nature has its challenges — one of those challenges being inaccessible areas, such as private property — and it takes a community effort to get the research done. But that's part of what's exciting about Ordeñana's work. "it's more gratifying when I can introduce young kids or even adults to the scientific process or get them excited about the scientific process, and at the same time, they're learning more about wildlife in their backyard," Ordeñana says. "All that leads to is more people supporting science and people becoming better flight attendants of their local environment, which will ultimately help all these animals that we all care about."
"The Story of P-22: L.A.'s Most Famous Feline," Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County, 900 W. Exposition Blvd., Exposition Park; now on view. nhm.org/site/explore-exhibits/special-exhibits/p-22.
A post shared by Kym Herjavec (@kymherjavec5678) on Apr 23, 2018 at 7:24pm PDT
Kym Johnson and Robert Herjavec have something to dance about.
The former “Dancing with the Stars” partners have welcomed twins into the world.
Johnson posted on Instagram that their “little angels” were born on Monday morning. The 41-year-old says they never thought their heart could feel so full.
The couple had previously announced they were expecting a boy and a girl. They did not reveal their names.
Herjavec is the father of three children from a previous marriage. The 55-year-old business person appears on “Shark Tank.”
WARNING: This story contains graphic content that some readers might find disturbing. Discretion is advised.
Detailed final instructions will be given to the jury Wednesday morning in the case of accused triple-murderer Douglas Garland.
The jury will then be sequestered and begin deliberating.
Justice David Gates is expected to go through the various options the jury will have in deciding the case.
READ MORE: Timeline – Missing Calgary family Nathan O'Brien, Alvin and Kathryn Liknes
Garland, 57, is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the deaths of five-year-old Nathan and their grandparents, Alvin and Kathy Liknes.
Read the latest tweets from Nancy Hixt below and scroll down to continue reading today's article
Tweets by @NancyHixt
The Crown told the jury Monday they should find Garland guilty of three counts of first-degree murder.
“All phases of capture and death were researched—beginning to end,” prosecutor Shane Parker said.
The Crown alleges Garland “stewed” about revenge on the Likneses for years.
The jury was left with the theory that “Alvin, Kathy and Nathan were still alive when they left the home” as Parker argued kidnapping and unlawful confinement were elements of the first-degree murders.
For more information on the classifications of murder in Canada visit the government website here
Watch below: There was a shocking and sudden end to testimony at Douglas Garland's triple-murder trial last Thursday. Nancy Hixt reports.
Defence said the Crown has “failed to prove they caused the deaths of Alvin and Kathy Liknes and Nathan O'Brien” and reminded the jury that Garland is entitled to the presumption of innocence.
Garland's lawyer, Kim Ross, went on to suggest it was a fatal struggle at the Liknes home: “those people did not leave that house alive.”
Ross added the prosecution hasn't presented evidence the three victims were killed at the Garland farm.
They repeatedly focused on the fact none of Garland's blood or DNA was found at the Liknes home.
They said there was “no doubt” DNA from three victims was found at the Garland farm, but argued that doesn't prove the accused caused their deaths.
Nathan and their grandparents were last seen alive June 29, 2014.
Watch below: Video shown in court on Feb. 9 shows footage from the HAWCS helicopter of Calgary police arresting Douglas Garland.
The identity of legendary hijacker D.B. Cooper has baffled amateur sleuths and hardened detectives alike for nearly 50 years.
Cooper — their nomme du crime — hijacked a Portland to Seattle airliner on Nov. 24, 1971.
They have not been seen since they parachuted out of the plane with $200,000 in ransom money.
Now, filmmaker and author Thomas Colbert — who has been investigating the case for seven years — has named the real Cooper.
Their name is Robert Rackstraw, now 74, a Vietnam special forces veteran who lives in San Diego.
Colbert said the hijacker's real identity — uncovered by a team of former FBI agents — was hidden in a number of letters that were apparently written by Cooper following their disappearance in the wilds of Washington.
But numerous law enforcement sources have said over the years that Rackshaw was always on the radar.
So why didn't cops bust him?
“This has been a cover-up, they're stonewalling,” Colbert told the Seattle Post-Intelligencer.
Colbert said Rackstraw was protected because they served in numerous classified units in Vietnam. They may have been CIA, the author added.
“This is an old-fashioned scandal,” they said.
Rackstraw was an explosives expert and pilot who had about 22 different aliases.
They were eventually eliminated as a suspect in the Cooper affair in 1979 but not everyone was happy. In 2016, the FBI closed the case.
But it was a secret Cooper letter kept from the public that sent Colbert's team into action. They claim the letters contain secret codes that point to Rackstraw.
It was a former U.S. Army codebreaker who put the pieces together. Rackstraw had served under Rick Sherwood who recognized their former comrade's writing.
The second sentence in the unreleased letter translated into: “I am 1st Lt. Robert Rackstraw, D.B. Cooper is not my real name.”
When the Seattle newspaper approached Rackstraw, they did not confirm — or deny — that they were Cooper.
Colbert said their team has Rackstraw “saying, ‘I am Cooper'.”
“Rackstraw is a narcissistic sociopath who never thought they would be caught,” they said.
“He was trying to prove that they were smarter than anyone else. But they couldn't fight 1,500 years of brainpower on our team. We beat him. I didn't expect it, but it's the icing.”
JAMESTOWN TOWNSHIP, Mich. (WOOD) — An 11-year-old girl who was accidentally shot near Hudsonville over the weekend returned home from the hospital on Monday.
Them parents told 24 Hour News 8 that Morgan Kuiper is recovering from a bullet that pierced their left shoulder. They say the ordeal was their worst nightmare.
“She's got some 4-H animals and, you know, very outdoorsy type, active girl that way,” Hib Kuiper described their daughter.
Morgan, who is the oldest of five, often spends time jumping or reading on the trampoline at the family's Jamestown Township home. That's where they were on Saturday evening — but the relaxing evening quickly changed.
“All of a sudden we heard this panicked scream,” Missy Kuiper, Morgan's mother, recalled.
They and their husband hurried to see what was wrong.
“She ran up the steps,” Missy Kuiper said. “…She just said, ‘My arm is numb, my arm is numb, I can't feel my arm.' And they were bleeding a little bit in the shoulder. Not a ton. We didn't know what to think what it was until they had said, ‘I had heard some gunshots.'”
Morgan's parents rushed them to the hospital. The next day, doctors performed surgery to remove the bullet from their shoulder.
“It was something that will never happen again and we believe that God directed that bullet to go to them but into the right spot that nothing was damaging,” Missy Kuiper said.
Authorities think the bullet was fired by some people shooting target practice — it's unclear from what range and which direction.
Neighbors told 24 Hour News 8 on Sunday that it's not uncommon to hear gunshots from target practice, but that it was much more rapid than usual around the time Morgan was injured.
The Kuipers are just thankful their daughter is back home safe.
The Ottawa County Sheriff's Office says it has located three people who were shooting in the area. The case is being forwarded to the prosecutor's office, which will decide if any charges should be filed.
Jamestown Township officials say there is no ordinance prohibiting shooting on private property.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
When the infamous “Access Hollywood” tape leaked one year ago, capturing then-candidate, now-President Trump bragging in coarse terms in 2005 about being allowed to grab women because they were a celebrity, Hollywood had a meltdown.
Cher called Trump a “scumbag carny barker" on Twitter. Comedian Patton Oswalt labeled them a “sexist creep.” Actress Emmy Rossum wrote: “misogynistic entitled pig.”
This week, amid revelations that Oscar-winning movie and television producer Harvey Weinstein had a long history of sexually harassing women, Hollywood's response was largely muted. Film studios on Friday all declined to comment.
“Yup. Hollywood shines light on Catholic Church, sex trafficking — let's shine it on ourselves a second and what we've condoned,” actor-writer-producer Lena Dunham wrote on Twitter, one of the few celebrities who took a public stand.
MORE: Lena Dunham, Rose McGowan add voices to Harvey Weinstein scandal
Hollywood has a poor track record when it comes to women. Actresses received just 31.4% of speaking roles in the top 100 films released last year, according to the Media, Diversity and Social Change Initiative at USC Annenberg's School for Communication and Journalism. The “sexy stereotype” persisted with more than a quarter of females in those films wearing sexy attire, compared with 5.7% of men. In 2015, the federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission opened an investigation into allegedly discriminatory hiring practices against female directors.
“Hollywood likes to project an image of being progressive about issues of race, gender and social issues — but at the end of the day it is an incredibly regressive industry,” said Caroline Heldman, a college professor who has worked with alleged victims of Bill Cosby and Weinstein. “It is an industry that, in many ways, looks more like the 1950s.”
Weinstein, who has taken a leave of absence from their company, attributed their alleged conduct to coming of age “in the ‘60s and 70s, when all of the rules about behavior and workplaces were different.” On Friday, their company's board said it was investigating the allegations.
The New York Times reported that at least eight settlements had been paid to woman who disclosed allegations of sexual harassment to Weinstein Co. or Miramax, the studio that Weinstein and their brother Bob built into a cultural juggernaut with such independent films such as “Pulp Fiction,” “Shakespeare in Love,” and “Chicago.” Weinstein, while on trips to Los Angeles and London, would summon young actores or assistants to their hotel room, where they would request massages or invite women to watch them shower, the paper said.
Hollywood has long been tarnished with allegations of sexual harassment, dating to the silent film era when actor Roscoe Conkling “Fatty” Arbuckle faced charges in the rape and death of an actor. (Arbuckle was acquitted.) Other prominent stars and directors including Alfred Hitchcock, Marlon Brando and Arnold Schwarzenegger have been accused of inappropriate behavior.
Allegations of sexual misconduct have toppled other entertainment figures, including Fox News architect Roger Ailes and host Bill O'Reilly, and Epic Records Chief Executive L.A. Reid. Scandals have also rocked beloved indie-film institutions, including L.A.'s nonprofit theater Cinefamily (where two leaders recently resigned over sexual harassment allegations) and indie-theater chain Alamo Drafthouse. All have denied wrongdoing.
Instead of expressing shock or even dismay, Hollywood insiders acknowledged that Weinstein's behavior was an “open secret,” the fodder of gossip for decades.
Weinstein's alleged behavior may have been enabled by Hollywood's sometimes toxic workplace culture, which often tolerates — and in some cases, glorifies — an array of inappropriate, exploitative conduct. For lowly assistants hungry to get a foot in the door, long hours, demeaning job duties and the occasional cellphone-hurling boss are considered part of the job.
Being “volatile” or “hard-charging” can be a badge of honor, epitomized in such characters as Ari Gold, the rage-prone super-agent in the HBO series “Entourage.” The character was based on Ari Emanuel, now co-chief executive of one of the biggest talent agencies, William Morris Endeavor (and a Democratic fundraiser).
The sordid allegations against Weinstein put Hollywood and Democrats in an awkward spot.
Over the years, Weinstein has given generously to Democrats and liberal causes, contributing more than $600,000 to Democratic politicians and groups, according to federal records. They donated tens of thousands of dollars to the presidential campaigns of Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama.
Obama's oldest daughter, Malia, worked as an intern for Weinstein Co. in New York last summer prior to enrolling at Harvard University. Weinstein also has contributed to the Clinton Foundation, whose website states that the producer provided well over $100,000 as of June.
Known as a “bundler,” Weinstein also used their vast connections to organize and collect checks from a wide swathe of donors. The mogul threw glamorous fundraisers for Clinton that raised millions for their presidential campaign and were attended by A-list celebrities including Leonardo DiCaprio and Jennifer Lopez. One of the fundraisers was a Broadway musical concert last October that featured “Hamilton” composer Lin-Manuel Miranda.
Weinstein, in their statement, noted that last year they began organizing a $5-million foundation at USC to provide scholarships to women who want to direct films.
Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board, GSHSEB declared the Gujarat Board HSC Commerce and Arts Results 2018 today on its official website gseb.org, reports said. The result was declared at 7 am. Students can check their result by entering their six-digit roll number in the official website, gseb.org as well as from websites like examresults.net.
The overall pass percentage in the Gujarat Board Class 12th result for the general stream was 55.55 percent, reports said. According to The Indian Express, nearly 1.43 lakh students failed to clear English, their second language.
According to a Times of India report, "Nanpura centre in Surat posted 100 percent passing percentage, whereas Lunawada in Mahisagar district had the lowest result of 11.74 percent. Among the districts, this year Ahwa (dangs) had the highest passing percentage with 77.32 percent while Chotta Udaipur had the lowest passing percentage of 31.54 percent."
Based on the results data released by the GSHSEB, girls once again outshined boys among those who attempted the HSC for the first time. "The passing rate of girls was 74.78 percent, while that of boys was 63.71 percent," the report added.
A total of 6.9 lakh students had appeared for the Gujarat Board Science and General Stream (Commerce and Arts) examinations for the 2017-18 academic session.
In the science stream, the result of which was released early this month, a total of 1.34 lakhs students appeared for the exams out of which 98,067 passed, taking the pass percentage to 73 percent, whereas the pass percentage of boys is 71 percent. The pass percentage of girls is at 74.9 percent. The top-scoring district was Rajkot while the sixth highest scoring district is Chota Udaipur.
Of them, around 1.34 lakh students took the Class 12 Science exam in March, of which, 98,067 passed, taking the pass percentage to 73 percent. Girls outshined boys with a pass percentage of 74.9 percent as compared to boys (71 percent).
Board officials had informed that 57,734 students had taken the exam in the 'A' group, with physics, chemistry, and mathematics. While some 76,888 students took the examination in the 'B' group, with physics, chemistry, and biology. And just 19 students chose the 'AB' group, with physics, chemistry, biology, and mathematics.
Last year, around 6.4 lakh students sat for the GSEB HSC exam 2017, of which 74 percent had cleared the exams. Girls had outperformed the boys in 2017 with a passing percentage of 72 percent. In 2016, 77 percent girls had cleared the exams as compared to 69 percent of boys.
"The top-scoring district was Rajkot while the sixth highest scoring district is Chota Udaipur," the report added.
Steps to check GSEB HSC Result 2018:
-Log on to gseb.org and click on GSEB HSC General Stream Result 2018 link
- Enter your name and roll number and submit it.
-Save the result and print it for future reference.
-Original mark sheets will be available few hours after the online result declaration at the respective examination centres of the candidates.
Big Ben's famous bongs will be silenced for four years next week as major conservation work is carried out.
The deafening chimes are being stopped to protect workers who are renovating the Elizabeth Tower that houses the Great Clock and its bell.
The bongs will fall silent after sounding at noon on Monday, August 21, and are set to begin again regularly in 2021, although they will still ring out for important national events such as New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday.
It will be the longest period Big Ben has been silenced in its 157-year history.
The 13.7-tonne Great Bell was last stopped for maintenance in 2007 and before that was halted for two years in 1983 for refurbishment, but has been stopped on a number of other occasions since it first sounded in 1859.
Steve Jaggs, keeper of the Great Clock, said: "Big Ben falling silent is a significant milestone in this crucial conservation project. As keeper of the Great Clock, I have the great honour of ensuring this beautiful piece of Victorian engineering is in top condition on a daily basis.
"This essential programme of works will safeguard the clock on a long term basis, as well as protecting and preserving its home - the Elizabeth Tower.
"Members of the public are welcome to mark this important moment by gathering in Parliament Square to hear Big Ben's final bongs until they return in 2021."
As well as conservation work to Elizabeth Tower, the Great Clock will be dismantled piece by piece and its four dials will be cleaned and repaired.
WARNING: This story contains graphic content. Discretion is advised.
Police say two Sudbury, Ont., residents are facing animal cruelty charges after graphic videos shared on social media appeared to show a woman rubbing feces on a dog's face and the same dog being punched multiple times.
Two videos filmed inside a home were posted on Facebook early Wednesday. In a 58-second video, a woman can be seen wiping the floor while holding a white dog by the collar.
“A nice big blob right here, ready?” they can be heard saying.
READ MORE: Man charged with animal cruelty after badly injured Yorkshire Terrier found in Brampton
“Prepare, mouthful. There you go, a big mouthful you f—ing a—hole,” a man can be heard saying before the woman appears to rub feces on a paper towel in the dog's face.
“Enough of this s—t … s—t in my house five times and take you out seven times, that's more than enough times and you still refuse,” the man can be heard yelling.
“Eat it. Eat it, how does it taste?” the woman then yelled.
“You give them a slap on the–, it doesn't do anything. You give them a slap on the mouth, it doesn't do anything,” the man said to the woman.
“You saw me hitting him,” they replied.
“You don't feed them for a day, it doesn't do anything. Like we're trying every f—ing possibility for this dog,” the man said.
“I swear to God, like we're at our ending point where we're just going to be, ‘F— it, yo, like, if putting your own s—t in your face isn't going to do it for you, yo, like you're gone.'
In the second video, which is 30 seconds long, the woman can be heard saying that the dog “ate all the cat food again.”
“I just put dinner out for them and you ate it all, eh,” they said, before kicking toward the dog.
The woman can be seen pointing away from the camera telling the dog to “get away from him.”
READ MORE: Ontario man charged with animal cruelty after dog beaten with metal downspout: police
“You're not getting protection,” they said.
Then a second later, the woman can be seen repeatedly striking the dog in the head and upper body as the dog let out whimpering sounds.
The videos appeared on Facebook. It's not clear who shot them or where else they were posted.
A police spokesperson told Global News Wednesday that officers began investigating earlier in the day after they were alerted about the videos. They said police were later able to identify those involved.
The spokesperson said two Sudbury residents, a 20-year-old man and an 18-year-old woman, were arrested on Wednesday evening.
They said both individuals, who haven't been identified, were each charged with one count of animal cruelty.
The accused is scheduled to appear in court for a bail hearing on Thursday.
Serena Williams' catsuit at Tuesday's French Open match was surely a winner.
“Catsuit anyone?” they quipped on Twitter with a photo of their slimming black ensemble by Nike that also featured a red band around the waist. “For all the moms out there who had a tough recovery from pregnancy – here you go. If I can do it, so can you. Love you all!!”
Williams's win against Kristyna Pliskova was their first grand slam victory since giving birth last fall. They beat Pliskova in straight sets.
The 36-year-old tennis champ, who is after their 24th Grand Slam title, will take on Ashleigh Barty in the next round.
The new mom has always made headlines with their fashion choices. They most recently wore sneakers to the royal wedding reception.
Williams' fashion line, Serena, debuted Wednesday on their website with 12 core pieces. Prices range from $35 to $250.
What We're Following ~ Stories of interest from around the Web
Search for: Archives Select Month April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006
Uber is launching its in-app tipping feature for drivers in the U.K. Starting tomorrow, Uber passengers will be able to tip their driver using the app for rides and/or food via UberEATS. Back in June, Uber added in-app tipping capabilities for passengers to give drivers a little extra something in the U.S.
“While drivers have told us they love the freedom of being their own boss, we've also clearly heard that we need to make improvements,” Uber UK Regional General Manager Jo Bertram said in a statement.
Just like in the U.S., Uber will also charge passengers who make their drivers wait for more than two minutes. Starting August 22, passengers in the U.K. will have to pay 20p per every one minute their driver has to wait after the first two minutes.
Another change include two-minute cancellations. Right now, if an Uber rider cancels a trip within five minutes, they don't have to pay a cancellation fee.
“Following feedback we feel this is too long as drivers are well on their way to the pick-up point and have already invested time and fuel,” Bertram said.
Other changes include a “No thanks” button, which lets drivers immediately deny trips rather than having to wait for the request to time out, and driver destination and arrival times. The drive destination feature enables the driver to match with a passenger going the same direction and the arrival time feature ensures the driver gets to their destination on time. Uber says drivers can expect additional changes down the road.
GRESHAM, Ore. – Police are asking for the public's help with finding a 55-year-old who has memory issues and hasn't been seen in a week.
Ricky Butcher was last seen leaving their Gresham home on the morning of May 23. Gresham police said Butcher has memory problems caused by a stroke.
Butcher is known to visit downtown Portland, police said.
They were described as 5-foot-9 and 195 pounds. They were last seen wearing black shorts, a black beanie cap, and a black and gray backpack.
Anyone who knows of Butcher's whereabouts is asked to call the police non-emergency line at 503-823-3333, or call 911 if necessary.
© 2018 KGW
T 2569 - A friend, a colleague, a writer director & mad company makes this short film .. unique, Satyajit Ray story https://t.co/gJKNamIaoE pic.twitter.com/wpykiDyAIL — Amitabh Bachchan (@SrBachchan) October 5, 2017
ANUKUL. satyajit ray wrote this in 1976. we made a film in 2017. hope you like this timeless story..
https://t.co/g4RH75P6iY — sujoy ghosh (@sujoy_g) October 6, 2017
Megastar Amitabh Bachchan has praised Sujoy Ghosh's short film Anukul and has termed the director "mad company" and a "friend".Amitabh, 74, on Thursday night took to Twitter to share the link of the short film."A friend, a colleague, a writer director and mad company makes this short film... unique, Satyajit Ray story," They wrote alongside the link of the short film."The friend...Sujoy Ghosh," Big B, who has collaborated with Ghosh for films like Te3n and Aladin added.The 18-minute-long Anukul is a gripping tale on auteur Satyajit Ray's short story. It is presented by Royal Stag Barrel Select Large Short FilmsGhosh, whose first short film Ahalya took the Internet by storm, tweeted on Friday:"Anukul. Satyajit Ray wrote this in 1976. We made a film in 2017. Hope you like this timeless story," they wrote.Anukul revolves around the relationship between Nikunj Chaturvedi, a well-to-do Hindi teacher, and their robot Anukul hired for domestic services.Veteran actor Saurabh Shukla and Kolkata-based Parambroto Chatterjee feature in the two key roles.
It's official: The title for the “world's longest flight” is coming back to the United States.
That comes this fall, when Singapore Airlines restarts non-stop flights between Singapore and Newark, a route it last flew in 2013. The move had been expected, with Singapore Airlines saying in 2015 it would resume the service once it takes delivery of new long-range aircraft. Tickets for the flight to Newark, one of the three major airports serving the New York City metro, are expected to go on sale by Thursday.
Once the flights begin on Oct. 12, Singapore's Singapore-Newark route will displace Qatar Airways' Doha, Qatar-Auckland, New Zealand, route as the longest in the world as measured by distance.
TODAY IN THE SKY: May route roundup: Where airlines are adding (or cutting) service | April round-up
Singapore says its Newark route “will cover a distance of approximately 9,000 nautical miles.” In statute miles, the route will cover 9,537 miles, according to the Great Circle Mapper website. Qatar's Doha-Auckland route comes in at 9,032.
Singapore Airlines' non-stop option will shave four hours or more off existing connecting options between Singapore and the New York City area, the airline says. Still, those taking its new flight will face a literal long haul. Scheduled flight time is 18 hours, 45 minutes on the Singapore-bound leg and 18 hours, 25 minutes on the return.
IN PICTURES: World's 25 longest airline flights - 2017 (story continues below)
World's 25 longest airline flights - 2017 No. 22: Doha-Dallas Fort Worth (7,916 miles / 12,740 kilometers): Qatar Airways (Boeing 777-200LR/Boeing 777-300ER). Block time of 16 hours, 15 minutes on DFW-bound flight. 01 / 25 No. 22: Doha-Dallas Fort Worth (7,916 miles / 12,740 kilometers): Qatar Airways (Boeing 777-200LR/Boeing 777-300ER). Block time of 16 hours, 15 minutes on DFW-bound flight. 01 / 25
Singapore Airlines previously flew between Newark and Singapore, but discontinued the route in 2013 when it said it could no longer profitably serve the route with its four-engine Airbus A340 aircraft. The company has since phased those out of its fleet.
Now, Singapore will count on a brand-new Airbus variant to make the route work. The carrier will fly the route with a new “ULR” (ultra-long range) version of Airbus' A350 widebody jet. The variant was designed specifically with Singapore Airlines in mind, and the airline will be the launch customer for the A350-900ULR.
“Singapore Airlines has always taken pride in pushing the boundaries to provide the best possible travel convenience for our customers, and we are pleased to be leading the way with these new non-stop flights using the latest-technology, the ultra-long-range Airbus A350-900ULR,” Singapore Airlines' CEO Goh Choon Phong said in a statement.
“The flights will offer our customers the fastest way to travel between the two cities – in great comfort, together with Singapore Airlines' legendary service – and will help boost connectivity to and through the Singapore hub.”
TODAY IN THE SKY: Singapore Airlines is again flying nonstop to the USA from Singapore (story continues below)
Singapore Airlines debuts San Francisco-Singapore nonstops Singapore Airlines' first nonstop flight from Singapore to San Francisco lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016. The inaugural flight gave Singapore Airlines a nonstop route between the USA and its home country for the first time in three years. 01 / 10 Singapore Airlines' first nonstop flight from Singapore to San Francisco lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016. The inaugural flight gave Singapore Airlines a nonstop route between the USA and its home country for the first time in three years. 01 / 10
Singapore's new A350ULRs will be configured with just 161 seats in a two-class layout. Of those, 67 will be Singapore's highly regarded business class seats and 94 will be international-style premium economy seats. There will not be any standard coach seats on the aircraft.
Initially, Singapore Airlines will fly the route three times a week, with departures from Newark each Tuesday, Friday and Sunday. A week after its Oct. 12 launch, Singapore expects to move to daily service on the route “after an additional A350-900ULR aircraft enters service.”
Singapore Airlines currently has 21 A350-900s in its fleet, with 46 more on order. Of those, seven will be the new ULR variant. The first A350-900ULR is due for delivery in September, with all seven expected to be in Singapore's fleet by the end of the year, according to the carrier.
Newark will become the fifth U.S. airport served by Singapore Airlines. The carrier currently flies from Los Angeles (non stop to Seoul and Tokyo), New York JFK (non stop to Frankfurt), Houston Bush Intercontinental (non stop to Manchester, England) and San Francisco (non stop to Singapore and Hong Kong).
Singapore also plans to deploy its A350-900ULRs from Los Angeles for non-stop Singapore flights, but says those details will be announced at a later date.
ARCHIVES: Milestone! Airbus just delivered its 10,000th aircraft -- an A350 for Singapore Airlines
Airbus delivers the 10,000th aircraft in its history Singapore Airlines' newest Airbus A350 -- the 10,000th plane delivered by Airbus -- is seen at a delivery ceremony in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. 01 / 28 Singapore Airlines' newest Airbus A350 -- the 10,000th plane delivered by Airbus -- is seen at a delivery ceremony in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. 01 / 28
IN PHOTOS: Singapore Airlines shows off swanky new Airbus A350 in France
Singapore Airlines shows off its swanky new Airbus A350 in France Singapore Airlines' business-class cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines. 01 / 25 Singapore Airlines' business-class cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines. 01 / 25
TODAY IN THE SKY: Singapore Airlines gives a boost to premium economy
Singapore Airlines unveils new Premium Economy seat Singapore Airlines officially unveiled its new Premium Economy seats on May 21, 2015. The seats will are to be fitted 'progressively' on the carrier's 777-300ERs, A380s, and future fleet of A350s. 01 / 08 Singapore Airlines officially unveiled its new Premium Economy seats on May 21, 2015. The seats will are to be fitted 'progressively' on the carrier's 777-300ERs, A380s, and future fleet of A350s. 01 / 08
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
In 2015, Odell Beckham Jr. shot down rumors that they were dating Amber Rose. But the pair was spotted arriving together with pals at Nylon's Midnight Garden Party at Coachella on Friday.
A spy said they were a “last-minute addition” to the bash with a “large group of friends,” but that as the night went on, “they got flirtier and flirtier.”
On Saturday, they showed up together at the fest's Neon Carnival. The last time the pair was rumored to be close, Beckham denied it.
Reps for the pair didn't get back to us.
BEIJING - China will halt iron, iron ore and seafood imports from North Korea starting Tuesday, following through on new UN sanctions after US pressure for Beijing to strongarm Pyongyang over its ally's nuclear programme.
The decision was announced on Monday after days of increasingly bellicose rhetoric between US President Donald Trump and Kim Jong-Un's regime, which has raised international alarm about where the crisis is headed.
Beijing had pledged to fully enforce the latest sanctions after the United States accused China of not doing enough to rein in its neighbour, which relies heavily on the Asian giant for its economic survival.
The Chinese commerce ministry said on its website that all imports of coal, iron, iron ore and seafood will be "completely prohibited" from Tuesday. Beijing had already announced a suspension of coal imports in February.
The United Nations Security Council, including permanent member Beijing, approved tough sanctions against Pyongyang on August 6 that could cost the country $1 billion a year.
The sanctions were in response to the North's two intercontinental ballistic missile tests last month, after which Kim boasted that they could now strike any part of the United States.
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi vowed after the UN sanctions were approved that their country "will for sure implement that new resolution 100 percent, fully and strictly".
China, which is suspected of failing to enforce past UN measures, accounts for 90 percent of North Korea's trade.
Trump complained in July that trade between the two nations had increased by nearly 40 percent in the first quarter.
Beijing has defended its economic ties with Pyongyang as normal commerce between neighbours and insisted the trade did not violate UN sanctions.
The suspension of coal imports deprives North Korea of massive income as it totalled $1.2 billion last year.
Among the latest banned products, China imported $74.4 million worth of iron ore in the first five months of this year, almost equalling the figure for all of 2016.
Fish and seafood imports totalled $46.7 million in June, up from $13.6 million in May. The United States angered China in June when it imposed unilateral sanctions on a Chinese bank accused of laundering North Korean cash.
Trump will on Monday formally order a probe into China's intellectual property practices, though US officials said it was not linked to the North Korean matter.
"It's not appropriate to use one issue as a tool to keep pressure on the other issue," foreign ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying told a regular news briefing.
Regional tensions have soared in the past week as Trump warned North Korea it would face "fire and fury" if it attacked the United States, while the North threatened to test-fire its missiles over Japan and towards the US Pacific island of Guam.
Japan has deployed Patriot missile defences in four prefectures in response.
"We will do our best to prevent (North Korea) from taking such acts by stepping up pressure through the UN," Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Monday.
"The government's heaviest responsibility is to secure our people's lives."
The war of words has sparked global concern, with world leaders including Chinese President Xi Jinping urging calm on both sides in a phone call with Trump over the weekend.
South Korean President Moon Jae-In, a left-leaning leader who has previously advocated dialogue with the North, joined the appeals for restraint on Monday. Moon called for an end to "all provocations and hostile rhetoric immediately, instead of worsening the situation any further".
The governor of Guam, Eddie Calvo, defended Trump's rhetoric against Kim's regime, saying in an interview with AFP that "sometimes a bully can only be stopped with a punch in the nose".
China has pleaded for a resumption of long-dormant six-nation talks to peacefully resolve the crisis.
But its proposal for North Korea to suspend its arms programmes in return for the United States to halt military drills in the region has been ignored.
"The relevant parties should exercise restraint, in order to avoid aggravating the words and deeds of the tense situation on the Korean peninsula," foreign ministry spokesperson Hua said.
Moscow: Most Russian athletes want to compete in the 2018 Winter Olympic Games in Pyeongchang despite a ban on the country's team, the head of the athletes' commission at the Russian Olympic Committee (ROC) said Monday.
"We have talked to all the athletes in all the winter sports. The majority of these want to take part in the Games," said fencer Sofiya Velikaya.
"The scientific commission supports the position of those sports figures who have decided or may yet decide to compete with neutral status, as well as respecting the position of those who won't participate."
"Athletes are fully aware that there won't be a flag or the Russian colours, but they will be representing Russia whatever happens," they added.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) last week decided to ban Russia from the 2018 Games that run from February 9-25 over its state-sponsored doping programme.
It said it would only allow "clean" Russian athletes to participate under strict conditions and under the Olympic flag.
Russian President Vladimir Putin said in October said that it would be a "humiliation" for Russian athletes to compete under the Olympic flag.
They have subsequently softened their stance, however, saying Russia will not boycott the Games and will not stand in the way of athletes who hope to compete as individuals.
On Sunday, New Era Field turned into a winter wonderland, the Buffalo Bills defeated the Indianapolis Colts, 13-7, on a 21-yard touchdown by running back LeSean McCoy. At times during the game, the blizzard was so brutal, fans couldn't see the scoreboard.
A post shared by The Checkdown (@thecheckdown) on Dec 11, 2017 at 8:37pm PST
Shot by the Samsung Galaxy Note8
Sunday might have been one of the most memorable games in New Era Field's history.
In December, Buffalo's average temperature is a brisk 36 °F, but on Sunday it was even colder, with a temperature of 29 °F. With roughly 20 inches of snow accumulation, players couldn't even see the turf on the field. And yes, Bills fans braved the cold to watch their team come away with the win.
With such harsh weather conditions in Buffalo, the Bills have always had artificial surface in the stadium. From 1973 to 2002, the Bills used AstroTurf and now they use A-Turf Titans, which is considered the top synthetic turf system.
The Bills played their first game in the stadium in 1989 and did not lose a home playoff game until they lost in 1996 to the Jacksonville Jaguars. During that time, the Bills went to four straight Super Bowls, losing all four. However, this season, the Bills are sitting at 7-6 and are in contention for an AFC Wild Card spot.
Actor, writer, and director Joseph Bologna, who was also nominated at the Academy Awards for the screenplay adaptation of Lovers and Others Strangers, is dead. They were 82.Bologna died Sunday morning at City of Hope hospital in Duarte, California. They have diagnosed with pancreatic cancer three years ago, said their wife of 52 years, actor and screenwriter Renee Taylor, reports hollywoodreporter.com.He played TV star King Kaiser in the backstage comedy inspired by Mel Brooks' experiences as a young TV writer on Sid Caesar's legendary Your Show of Shows.Bologna and Taylor co-wrote and starred in the Broadway show Lovers and Others Strangers in 1968. The pair then earned Oscar nominations for their screenplay adaptation of the 1970 film starring Gig Young and Bea Arthur.The pair also won a Writers Guild Award for their 1971 movie Made For Each Other in which they also starred.He directed numerous commercials before turning their focus to the stage with Taylor.Bologna's other film credits include Woman of the Year, Blame It on Rio and The Woman in Red, Transylvania 6-5000, and It Had to Be You.More recently, they lent their voice to 2006's Ice Age: The Meltdown.The family has said that funeral services are being arranged at the Church of the Good Shepherd in Beverly Hills.
Members of Ahmdiyya Muslim Association (AMA) Peterborough, including school children, have been devoting their summer to serving the local community.
Fletton Lake was made litter free thanks to their efforts, and members also joined in a litter picking event at the weekend which was organised by Peterborough Environment City Trust.
The community also donated food to the Peterborough Food Bank which will feed more than 50 people, and donated blood as part of a voluntary campaign.
President of AMA Peterborough, Hasib Zafar, said: “Cleanliness is integral to the Islamic faith, and helping the poor and those in need is our duty according to the true teachings of Islam.”
Aug 15, 2017 9:14 am (IST)
Key takeaways from Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Independence Day speech at the Red Fort:
— People of India stand shoulder to shoulder with those affected due to natural disasters and the tragedy in Gorakhpur.
— We have to leave this 'Chalta Hai' attitude. We have to think of 'Badal Sakta Hai', which will help us as a nation.
— We have pulled up Rs 800 crore worth benami properties. This nation is for the honest. No place for corruption.
— Every one of the 1.2 billion will work towards a new India in 2022, to celebrate the 75th year of Independence. No one is small or big in our country.
— Those born in the 21st century will build our future. You are getting the opportunity to take part in taking the nation to new heights.
— All our security forces, our bravehearts have never faltered in protecting the country, be it protecting the nation against terrorists or during the surgical strike or helping those affected in natural calamities.
— India is self-sufficient to protect itself from all outside forces.
— Cooperative federalism has taken a new leap with the GST implementation. People are amazed at how India could implement GST across the nation so successfully and across sectors.
— The poor and tribal people have received gas connection, they have been empowered.
— The young, unemployed population are given loans. The homeless are given assistance to build homes.
— Other nations are with us in fighting external threats and terrorism. I thank all nations who are helping us in doing so.
— Along with the Kashmir government, it's also the nation's concern to develop J&K and its youth. The Kashmir issue cannot be solved with either bullets or abuses, but with love. We are committed to restoring Kashmir's status as 'heaven on earth'.
— I was a chief minister for a long time. I know how important the states are for the nation's development. We've empowered the states with cooperative federalism. The Centre is successful in walking shoulder to shoulder with the states.
— We have fulfilled 21 of the schemes that I announced in last year's Independence Day address. We will soon fulfill the other 50 schemes. We cannot leave out farmers in the road towards development. We've taken forward the idea of the FDI in food processing. This will change the lives of our farmers for betterment.
— We have empowered the youth with funds so that instead of seeking employment, they are in a position to give employment.
— Our future depends on the future and security of our female population.
— The nation stood with the women who spoke out against triple talaq. We stand by women who stood up against it.
— This is the land of Buddha and Gandhi. There is no place for violence here. We will not tolerate violence in the name of faith. There can be no room for divisions. We have to move forward together.
— We have built airports, railway stations. The entire eastern India has huge potential to take the country to new heights. This includes West Bengal, Odisha and Northeast India. We must tap into this potential.
— We have successfully taken back all illegal money into the formal economy. Rs 3 lakh crore has come back into the economy after demonetisation. Over Rs 2 lakh crore is under scrutiny. Around 56 lakh new individual taxpayers filed Income Tax returns between April 1 and August 5. At least 3 lakh companies have been found to be shell companies doing hawala transactions. Of these, we have shut down 1.75 lakh companies.
— Highway movement has eased. GST has fast tracked transportation across Indian highways. It takes 30% less time now to move on the highways.
— The upcoming January 1 is not an ordinary date. Those born in the 21st Century will turn 18 next year. They are the ones who will chart the course of this century. India invites them to come and write a new future, design a New India.
It's the third day of Lakmé Fashion Week summer/resort 2018, and Bollywood has started making its way to the runways. Monica Shah and Karishma Swali of Amoh by Jade, the pret line by bridal couture label Jade, looked towards the descendants of the mountain God Niyam Raja for inspiration. The tribe's way of living has honoured maintaining the ecological balance and the designer duo kept peace at the back of their minds while working on it. Minimal occasion wear in soft beiges and whites were seen on the runway in organic fabrics. Kalki Koechlin played showstopper.
Falguni and Shane Peacock's eponymous label has always dressed the glamorous, partying crowd. This season, forgoing their signature red carpet gowns, the designers debuted their menswear line keeping director Karan Johar in mind as muse. Sonakshi Sinha opened the show in a pantsuit embellished with decals. The lineup of dinner jackets and tuxedos came with metallic fabrics and sequins. Rappers performed as models walked by, and Karan Johar closed the show.
Kriti Sanon was the showstopper for Tarun Tahiliani's spring/summer 2018 collection that was inspired by the constellations of the Milky Way. Wedding wear that doesn't weigh down the wearer has been Tahiliani's priority for a while now, and they managed to achieve it yet again with the help of Swarovski crystals. Models walked through glass boxes down the runway to give the impression of angels walking amongst stars. See it all in our video.
Why A Pill That's 4 Cents In Tanzania Costs Up To $400 In The U.S.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kuni Takahashi/Bloomberg via Getty Images Kuni Takahashi/Bloomberg via Getty Images
Two pills to wipe out hookworm could cost you four cents. Or $400.
It just depends on where you live.
The four cents are in Tanzania. That'll cover the two pills it takes to knock out the intestinal parasite. But in the United States, where hookworm has reemerged, the price for two 200 mg tablets of albendazole can cost as much as $400.
The pill will put an end to the problems hookworm can cause, such as anemia and protein deficiency as well as stunting growth in children.
And it's not just a problem with the anti-hookworm pill. Drugs for diseases of the developing world, in particular the so-called "neglected tropical diseases" like hookworm and leishmaniasis, are enormously more expensive in the United States than in the developing world.
"There really is no good reason for this price," says Dr. Jonathan Alpern of the albendazole price tag. Alpern works for the HealthPartners Institute, the research division of a health-care organization in Minnesota.
Impax Laboratories is the only pharmaceutical company that offers the drug in the U.S. Impax did not wish to comment on product pricing for this story but stated in an email to NPR: "Given the very different regulatory regimes in the U.S. versus outside the U.S., pricing is a very awkward comparison."
Because the drug's patent expired decades ago, other companies can sell the generic version. But for medications that fight neglected tropical diseases, pharmaceutical companies have been slow to jump in and manufacture the medicine.
As for those that do: "[Impax] fits into a category of companies that have taken drugs that have been around for many years, acquired the rights and jacked up the price [for the Western market]," says Alpern.
Indeed, prices for generic drugs that treat neglected tropical diseases are skyrocketing in the U.S.
When a disease affects only a small number of patients in the U.S., "there's less incentive for generic companies to enter the market," Alpern explains. That's because there's less potential for profit.
Hookworm, which was recently discovered in a small community the U.S., is just one example of this trend.
Neurocysticercosis, a parasitic disease that causes seizures and epilepsy, is another example. The disease is rare in the U.S. with only an estimated 1,000 to 5,000 new cases every year. Either albendazole or praziquantel are used to treat the disease. Praziquantel is also pricey: about $525 for six 600 mg tablets.
Leishmaniasis, which affects 700,000 to a million people annually throughout the world, is more expensive to treat in the U.S., too. Though rare in the U.S. — only 13 cases were uncovered between 2000 and 2007 — the disease can cause disfiguring skin sores or swelling of the spleen or liver depending on the form of the disease that's contracted. Two 50 mg tablets of miltefosine for 28 days can treat the infection; the price of each pill wholesale is $685, according to Alpern's research.
"When there's limited competition in the market, the company that holds the monopoly is able to price [the drug] however they want," Alpern says. "In these cases, we often see companies taking advantage of their market position."
And some of these disease aren't all that rare. Dr. Peter Hotez, dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine at the Baylor College of Medicine, says certain neglected tropical diseases in the U.S. are surprisingly widespread, especially among those who may not be able to afford treatment.
For example, they estimate that 1.1 million Americans are annually diagnosed with a parasitic infection called toxoplasmosis. The treatment is Daraprim; four 25 mg tablets currently cost between $3,000 and $3,400 on the U.S. market.
"We have now identified nearly half-a-dozen neglected tropical diseases that are widespread in the U.S. among the poor, especially in the American South," says Hotez, who last year published Blue Marble Health, a book evaluating neglected diseases in America. "In all, I estimate that 12 million Americans now live in extreme poverty with a neglected tropical disease."
And some of them are in Lowndes County, Ala., where a community of individuals was recently discovered to have hookworm. The average income in the county is just $18,036.
If patients don't have health insurance, they must pay the full price for prescriptions — or skip treatment altogether.
"Some of the people in Lowndes County are living off $600 or $700 a month," says Catherine Flowers, founder of Alabama Center for Rural Enterprise, a nonprofit that addresses poverty. "People have told me they sometimes have to choose between buying medication and eating."
In cases where patients have Medicaid, taxpayers bear the burden.
In the years following albendazole's price hike in 2011, Medicaid spending on the drug went from under $100,000 in 2008 to more than $7.5 million in 2013. Medicaid spending on Daraprim, another tropical disease drug that just experienced a price hike, went from $2.2 million in 2014 to $15.7 million in 2015.
Other times, U.S. patients bypass the system, Alpern says, by asking relatives in other countries to bring them the drug they need. In the United Kingdom, for example, 400 mg of albendazole costs just $2.
Why are prices so different in the U.S.?
"In other countries, there are price control methods. The government steps in to ensure drug prices do not increase by a certain amount," Alpern says. "There are no price control mechanisms in the U.S."
For patients with hookworm, there are few treatment alternatives in the U.S.
Mebendazole, which is less than half as effective as albendazole according to hookworm expert Dr. David Diemert, is considered the second generic line of treatment for hookworm. Impax Laboratories also own the rights to the drug. Between 2011 and 2016, mebendazole's price jumped more than 8,000 percent, from $4.50 to $369.
Hotez agrees with Alpern's theory that pharmaceutical companies have a profit motive.
"Presumably, small companies see a niche to make some quick cash," Hotez says. Meanwhile, in low-income countries, they say, "many of these drugs are being donated for free [by pharmaceutical companies]. As an example, albendazole is donated by GlaxoSmithKline."
According to its website, Impax is "committed to making ENVERM [mebendazole] more affordable." The pharmaceutical company shared an online coupon that can save patients up to $60 for a prescription that would cost more than $369.
Alpern hopes to see more companies start manufacturing the generic version of the drug. In their eyes, that's the ultimate solution.
Nadia Whitehead is a freelance journalist and a science writer at Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center El Paso. Them work has appeared in Science, The Washington Post and NPR. Find them on Twitter @NadiaMacias.
The founder of Edmonton's McBain Camera chain of stores has died peacefully in hospital at the age of 94 on Sunday after a brief illness, according to their son.
Allen Ross McBain — who went by Ross — leaves behind a legacy of accomplishment in Edmonton's business community. In 1949, the Edmonton-born man founded McBain Camera. The first store opened its doors at a location on 101 Street and now boasts eight storefronts in Alberta's capital.
“The customer is more than just an individual that walks in to make a purchase, he/she is a fellow photo enthusiast,” McBain is quoted as saying on the McBain Camera website. “We are here to educate the customer, not just sell to them.”
McBain's accomplishments include becoming the founding president of the Better Business Bureau, once serving as president of Northlands, the Edmonton Chamber of Commerce, the Alberta Aviation Council. They were also a former director of the Edmonton Eskimo Football Club.
McBain is still listed as a shareholder on Northlands' site and according to their obituary, “until a month before their death, Ross came in to their office at McBain Camera every day.”
“Ross's presence will be greatly missed as we endeavour to carry on their philosophy of friendly, knowledgeable service,” reads a statement on McBain Camera's website. “We will always remember the words that Mr. McBain repeatedly conveyed to us from their time in the Navy: ‘A clean ship is a happy ship.'”
According to family, McBain became a pilot who flew aircraft from an aircraft carrier after enlisting in the Royal Canadian Navy in 1943. They said they carried on flying as a hobby until their 70s.
McBain is remembered for their love of travel, particularly visiting the Hawaiian island of Maui. However, they also spent much time at their cottage on Pigeon Lake which family said “he built almost singlehandedly in 1953.”
McBain is survived by their wife, Linda as well as their five children: Leslie McBain, Bob McBain, Brenda McBain, Diane McBain and Neil McBain. They also leaf behind several grandchildren — Kimberly McBain Butz, Amy McBain, Faye McBain, Justine McBain and Cameron McBain — and great-grandchildren: Miller McBain Tracy- Gould, Elliot Butz and Anderson Butz.
They were predeceased by their parents — William W. McBain and Ida May McBain — their brother Bill McBain, their sister Margaret Hewson, their wife Dorothy McBain and their grandson Jordan McBain Miller.
A celebration of McBain's life will be held on June 7 at 2 p.m. at Connelly-McKinley Funeral Home Downtown Chapel.
The family said in lieu of flowers, donations can be sent to The Centre for Autism Services Alberta Moms Stop The Harm.
ISLAMABAD - Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi has taken serious notice of the alleged Intelligence Bureau letter containing the names of over three dozen ruling party lawmakers purportedly having links with proscribed organisations, and directed the authorities concerned to probe the matter.
Federal Minister Riaz Hussain Pirzada and other affected party MPs, mostly from southern Punjab districts, Friday held a meeting with the prime minister. Expressing their concern, they asked Abbasi to take appropriate action in this connection.
A media report had carried the said letter containing list of 37 parliamentarians of ruling PML-N, from southern and central Punjab, allegedly having connections with Diash and other terrorist outfits.
Intelligence Bureau DG Aftab Sultan, who was also present there along with the interior minister, law minster, National Assembly speaker and other officials, termed the letter “fake and fabricated”. According to them the intelligence agency had not conducted any such inquiry against those MPs.
Terming it “a conspiracy against the government”, Prime Minister Abbasi directed the officials concerned to probe the matter.
Abbasi said that an FIR has been lodged against concerned media persons because it was a fake list, and IB did not write a letter to PM office.
The IB DG said that probably someone is involved from the inside as their signature was misused, therefore, they have ordered an internal inquiry – the report of which would be shared with the PM and NA speaker.
The affected parliamentarians termed it a conspiracy against them and an effort to prove them terrorists which would badly effect on their political career too.
Religious Affairs Minister Pirzada said that their political opponents could use the letter against them and file application for their disqualification in the Election Commission of Pakistan (ECP) or move the court against them invoking articles 62 and 63.
The prime minister assured them that the letter was baseless and unfounded. As the IB director general, which was shown on the letter as the issuing authority, had discarded it so it was of no legal value, they added.
The affected MPs demanded the prime minister to clarify their position at all relevant forums including the ECP and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to remove the baseless allegation of their links with proscribed organisations.
Premier Abbasi directed the interior minister, IB DG and other relevant officials to take appropriate steps in this connection and also trace the origin of the letter and find out those behind this conspiracy.
Earlier the same day, IB DG Aftab Sultan called on Speaker National Assembly Sardar Ayaz Sadiq. The parliamentarians whose names were in the list and some federal ministers were also present on the occasion.
These parliamentarians lashed out before Speaker NA and termed the letter an effort to spoil their political career. They categorically denied their connections with banned outfits and said that if IB did not satisfy them as they would table privilege motion in the House.
Pirzada on Thursday spoke against their own government on the floor of the National Assembly and even staged a walkout over this matter along with some 20 MPs. They had demanded the PM look into the matter and explain the position to save them from any adverse consequences that may follow it.
Jeremy Renner is reportedly in talks to play the lead in the upcoming Spawn reboot. Todd McFarlane, who created the character for Image Comics, wrote the script for the movie and will direct it, has seemed very ambitious with this project from the start. So far, that ambition has paid off handsomely, with Jamie Foxx recently boarding the cast as the titular character. Now it looks like Avengers star Jeremy Renner is in talks to star opposite Foxx as the movie's lead character Twitch.
Todd McFarlane has previously compared the character of Spawn to Jaws. He's going to be lurking in the background, won't be featured on screen the whole time and, unless something has changed, may not talk much if at all. The lead character will be a detective from the comics named Twitch Williams, one half of a detective duo known as Sam and Twitch. That's who Jeremy Renner would be playing. Assuming this casting pans out, it would be a huge get for the movie.
Even though he's primarily known as Hawkeye in the MCU, Jeremy Renner is a very respected and versatile actor. They were nominated for a Best Actor Oscar for their work in The Hurt Locker, which ultimately went on to win Best Picture that year. Not only that, but he's proved themselves to be a bankable star. It certainly doesn't hurt that he's part of the biggest movie franchise ever. For Blumhouse, a studio that typically makes micro-budget movies often without big names attached, this is pretty huge.
Todd McFarlane's enthusiasm and wishful thinking may have helped. They at one point said that they were using Leonardo DiCaprio as inspiration for the lead in the movie. Not to say that they were going after DiCaprio for the part, but that shows how high they have their sights set. McFarlane recently discussed going after their wish list of actors for the role of Twitch, determined to get the best cast they possibly can.
"Do I have my wish list? Of course, I do. Do I think it's likely that I'll be able to get one of them? You know, I'm a realist. But, I didn't think I was going to get Jamie. But, I said, let's ask. What's the worst that could happen if they say no? Before I go anywhere, I'm going to go to my list. If they say no, then we keep moving."
Casting Jamie Foxx and getting them on board surely helped matters in being able to entice one of the actors on that wish list. If this new report is to be believed, Jeremy Renner was on that list. Renner has nothing officially on their schedule following the release of Avengers 4 next year, so they should be free and clear to star in Spawn, should they so choose. Spawn does not currently have a release date. This news comes to us courtesy of That Hashtag Show.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Oxford United's Jonny Giles is set to join Aldershot Town on loan.
The 22-year-old has spent the first part of the season on loan at National League South side Oxford City, marking their debut for the club with a sensational solo goal back in September.
Giles, who predominantly plays as a left winger, holds a 2:1 degree in Physics from Durham University and it was there where they made a name for themselves as a talented footballer, playing all three years for their university side whilst also playing at Durham City and Ashington.
They trialed for Oxford that summer and was then signed six weeks after leaving university and they were awarded a new 18-month contract by Michael Appleton in January 2016.
Since then, Giles was loaned out to Southport last season where they made four appearances before being recalled by Oxford over the Easter weekend and was an unused sub in the league for the side.
They then joined Oxford City on loan in September for three months and will now join Gary Waddock's side as they look to establish themselves as a professional footballer and was with their teammates at the Shots 2-1 victory over Woking on New Year's Day.
Meanwhile, Kundai Benyu will extend their loan deal at Aldershot Town for a further month.
Google has been talking about ARCore on Android for a while now. Apple's been championing ARKit for iPhone for about as long. Today, the first cross-platform ARKit/ARCore app has launched on both app stores respectively. It's called Just a Line and you and your friends can make drawings in the air, and even draw on top of each other's art, using augmented reality.
It's just a simple app. One person draws in the air using their phone. Another person draws in the air using their phone. Both air drawings show up on both phones, in real time. You can also record video of your AR doodles to share on your sosh meeds.
0
A new behind-the-scenes featurette for Justice League has been released online, but instead of focusing on stunts or characters, this one is all about the cars. Mercedes cars, to be specific, as this is really just a four-minute commercial for the Mercedes car company. But Mercedes looks to have been an official partner on Justice League, as they provided some exclusive cars just for use in this film, so long as they prominently display the Mercedes logo.
Indeed, we get a close look at the Mercedes that serves as Wonder Woman's preferred mode of transportation, which is kind of fun. But the cornerstone here is the Mercedes-Benz AMG Vision Gran Turismo, which was an idea that director Zack Snyder had. The car had only ever been offered up as a concept in the Gran Turismo video game, but Snyder decided it would be a swell fit for Bruce Wayne. So the Mercedes-Benz folks brought the vehicle to life for the film—albeit expanded about 10% to account for Ben Affleck's 6'4” frame. It's definitely a really cool car, and you can see Affleck, Ezra Miller, and Snyder themselves geeking out over the vehicle in footage from the set in this here video.
Check out the video below, which is hopefully the first in many behind-the-scenes looks as we still don't really know too much about how Justice League is coming together with Joss Whedon currently at the helm. The film also stars Gal Gadot, Ray Fisher, Jeremy Irons, Henry Cavill, Amy Adams, and Ciaran Hinds and opens in theaters on November 17th.
A post shared by Chris Klein (@iamchrisklein) on May 29, 2018 at 2:41pm PDT
It's a party of four for Chris Klein.
The “American Pie” actor and wife Laina Rose Klein welcomed their second child Saturday, daughter Isla Rose, People confirmed.
“Little Ilsa so far is laid back, happy, snuggly little girl,” Laina gushed.
Weighing in at 8 pounds, 7 ounces, Isla joins big brother Frederik Easton, who was born in July 2016.
“Easton was overjoyed when met little Isla. They absolutely love having a baby in the house, every time they see them they laugh with joy,” the mother of two shared. “It's been incredible seeing how much happiness they have just by being around her.”
Proud dad Chris, 39, penned an emotional message Tuesday on Instagram, praising mother and daughter.
“This Saturday 5/26 at 2:25pm my wife @lalalainarose gave birth to our second beautiful miracle. Isla Rose Klein,” they posted, along with a photo of their baby girl.
“Laina and Isla took the journey together with Courage, Strength and Epic Grace. My Girls, I am so proud of you and so grateful that you were delivered safely back to me. I love you Laina. Thank you for making me a father again.”
Chris and Laila wed in 2015.
The American workplace is grueling, stressful and surprisingly hostile.
So concludes an in-depth study of 3,066 U.S. workers by Rand Corp., Harvard Medical School and UCLA. Among the findings:
• Nearly one in five workers — a share the study calls “disturbingly high” — say they face a hostile or threatening environment at work, which can include sexual harassment and bullying. Workers who have to face customers endure a disproportionate share of abuse.
• Nearly 55% say they face “unpleasant and potentially hazardous” conditions.
• Nearly three quarters say they spend at least a fourth of their time on the job in “intense or repetitive physical” labor. “I was surprised at how physically demanding jobs were,” said lead author Nicole Maestas, a Harvard Medical School economist.
• Telecommuting is rare: 78% say they are required to be present in their workplace during working hours.
• Only 38% say their jobs offer good prospects for advancement. And the older they get, the less optimistic they become.
• About half say they work on their own time to meet the demands of their job.
Work “is a pretty taxing place for many people,” Maestas said. “I was surprised by how pressured and hectic the workplace is.”
In many cases, less-educated workers endure tougher working conditions. For example, fewer than half of men without college degrees can take a break whenever they want, compared with more than 76% of men with college degrees. Likewise, nearly 68% of men without degrees spend at least a fourth of their time moving heavy loads.
Maestas wonders whether toxic working conditions are keeping Americans out of the labor force. The percentage of Americans who are working or looking for work — 62.9% in July — has not returned to pre-recession levels and is well below its 2000 peak of 67.3%.
The unemployment rate is at a 16-year low, and many employers complain they can't fill jobs.
“There's a message for employers here,” Maestas says. “Working conditions really do matter.”
Not everything about American workplaces is grim. Workers enjoy considerable autonomy: More than 80% say they get to solve problems and try out their own ideas. Moreover, 58% say their bosses are supportive, and 56% say they have good friends at work.
The first-time survey of Americans ages 25 to 71 was conducted in 2015. It is similar to a long-running European survey, and researchers plan to conduct another survey next year and eventually to draw comparisons between U.S. and European working conditions.
Thousands of passengers departing from Heathrow Airport have had to fly without checked luggage due to a system failure.
The airport advised travellers departing from Terminals 3 and 5 to pack essential items in their hand luggage.
It came less than three weeks after chaotic scenes at the airport when British Airways grounded all flights following an IT power cut.
Heathrow posted a message on Twitter at 6.45am on Thursday to alert passengers.
An updated statement was issued at 9.07am to report that bag drop desks had reopened.
A number of passengers went on social media to express their anger at the latest disruption.
Zoe Morrison wrote on Twitter: " @britishairways let us down again @HeathrowAirport- no baggage being loaded this morning and no information for passengers."
Ryan Wooldridge said: "Baggage failure at @HeathrowAirport this morning. Bags won't be making it onto flights, absolute shambles."
Rachel Jackson tweeted: " Just found out that despite checking in 3 hours early bag not on flight disgusted what are you doing about it @HeathrowAirport?"
Heathrow's initial statement read: "Heathrow is currently experiencing an issue with its baggage systems which is affecting airlines operating from Terminal 3 and Terminal 5. Other terminals are unaffected.
"This may mean passengers will travel without their bags, and we advise them to pack essential items in their hand luggage.
"We are currently investigating the issue.
"We are sorry for the disruption and are working hard to get the system running as soon as possible."
A BA spokesperson said: "We're currently unable to accept bags and strongly encourage customers to pack essentials in their hand baggage.
"Heathrow Airport is working hard to fix the faults.
"We're sorry for the disruption that customers are facing and more information is available on BA.com."
The building materials business advised that “trading over the third quarter has been reflective of a weaker consumer environment,” though…
Topps saw like-for-like revenues backtrack 2.3% during the 13 weeks to July 1, continuing the steady top-line deterioration seen since the start of the fiscal year. Sales on a comparable basis rose 3.4% during quarter one and fell 2.2% in the second quarter.
A fresh quarterly trading update was released by Topps Tiles (LSE: TPT) on Wednesday morning. And guess what? The wall-and-floor-coverings play was sinking again after announcing news of further sales slippage in the most recent trading period.
I would like to receive emails from you about product information and offers from The Fool and its business partners. Each of these emails will provide a link to unsubscribe from future emails. More information about how The Fool collects, stores, and handles personal data is available in its Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
A fresh quarterly trading update was released by Topps Tiles (LSE: TPT) on Wednesday morning. And guess what? The wall-and-floor-coverings play was sinking again after announcing news of further sales slippage in the most recent trading period.
Topps saw like-for-like revenues backtrack 2.3% during the 13 weeks to July 1, continuing the steady top-line deterioration seen since the start of the fiscal year. Sales on a comparable basis rose 3.4% during quarter one and fell 2.2% in the second quarter.
The building materials business advised that “trading over the third quarter has been reflective of a weaker consumer environment,” though it added that “we continue to outperform the overall tile market.” This last point should come as little comfort to owners of Topps Tiles' shares however, given the vast sums it is investing in improving its product ranges and store refurbishments and openings.
On the slide
Last time I covered Topps Tiles in March, I warned of the intense pressure on shoppers' spending power that has damaged sales at the business. Today's release again vindicates my concern and has reinforced my bearish take on the retailer's fortunes.
City analysts have been scaling back their earnings forecasts in the weeks since my latest article and they are now predicting a 15% slump for the year to September 2019. With trading conditions still worsening I reckon further downgrades are just around the corner, making Topps Tiles' low forward P/E ratio of 9.6 times something of an irrelevance.
I am also not tempted by it as a dividend stock. A 3.3p per share reward is currently anticipated by the number crunchers, and this figure — which yields an impressive 5.3% — is also covered 2 times by anticipated profits, bang on the company's stated target.
But given the prospect of earnings also disappointing, as well as the predicted 3% profits bounceback forecast for fiscal 2019, I reckon the business, which of course already cut the dividend last year, could reduce shareholder rewards more than anticipated. Its hefty £25.1m debt pile (as of March) should give additional cause for concern. I would sell the stock without delay.
Join the club
There's another 5% yielder I'd much rather plough my investment cash into today, namely Morses Club (LSE: MCL).
Assisted by predictions of further healthy earnings growth — rises of 14% and 16% are predicted for the periods ending February 2019 and 2020 respectively — the doorstep lender is anticipated to lift fiscal 2018's 7p per share dividend to 7.8p in the current year and to 9p in the next.
Morses Club carries monster yields of 5.1% and 5.8% for these respective years as a consequence. And the company's last market update last week, in which it advised that “trading in the first four months of our current financial year has been strong,” convinces me that it can meet such impressive profits and dividend estimates.
A forward P/E ratio of 11.5 times is much too cheap given the rate at which its loan book is swelling and its customer base improving. I reckon Morses Club is a great income share to buy today.
Share:
MIRPURKHAS - Scores of sugarcane growers staged a protest against stoppage of sugarcane payments to growers by administration of Tharparkar sugar mill at local press club on Tuesday. The protest was led by Mumtaz and Murtaza Kalro, carrying banners and placards and raised slogans against the administration of sugar mill. The protesters complained that Tharparkar sugar mill was not paying their money of sugarcane according to rate Rs130 per 40kg. They lamented that they were facing acute financial crisis and unable to run their house and family expenses without payments. They blamed that sugar mills did not pay money of sugarcane crops to growers according to directives of apex court resultantly, growers suffered big losses. They demanded the higher authorities and chief justice to ensure immediately payments and stop illegal deduction of weight per trolley.
Golden Globes 2017: David E Kelley's Big Little Lies leads TV nominations
David E Kelley's Big Little Lies ruled the 2018 Golden Globes TV nominations with six nods in prominent categories including the best limited series or TV movie and best TV actor.
Besides Big Little Lies, Fargo, Feud: Bette and Joan, The Sinner and Top of the Lake: China Girl are nominated in the best limited series or TV movie category.
Stars Nicole Kidman and Reese Witherspoon were nominated for best actor in a limited series, Jessica Lange and Susan Sarandon were nominated for Feud and Jessica Biel scored a nod for their work on The Sinner. In the best actor in a TV drama category Caitriona Balfe of Outlander, Claire Foy of The Crown, Maggie Gyllenhaal of The Deuce, Katherine Langford of 13 Reasons Why and Elisabeth Moss of The Handmaid's Tale all scored nods.
Hollywood A-listers such as Robert De Niro, Jude Law, Ewan McGregor and Geoffrey Rush are nominated in the best TV actor - limited series or TV movie along with Kyle MacLachlan .
Will & Grace received a nomination for best TV musical or comedy, along with Black-ish, Indian-American star Aziz Ansari's dating drama Master of None, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel and SMILF.
Will & Grace star Eric McCormack was nominated for the best actor in a TV comedy, as was Anthony Anderson of Black- ish, Ansari for Master of None, Kevin Bacon for I Love Dick and William H Macy from Shameless. Rachel Brosnahan earned a nod for their role of a housewife-turned-standup comedian in the period drama The Marvelous Mrs Maisel in the best actor in a TV comedy category. Pamela Adlon, Alison Brie, Issa Rae and Frankie Shaw complete the list.
Big Little Lies scored big in the best TV supporting actor category with both Shailene Wooodley and Laura Dern scoring nominations.
Ann Dowd , Chrissy Metz and Michelle Pfeiffer were also part of the category.
Alexander Skarsgard also earned a nomination in the best TV supporting actor category for their role in Big Little Lies.
Alfred Molina, David Thewlis, David Harbour and Christian Slate are also nominated.
Golden Globe winners will be announced on 7 January at a ceremony in Beverly Hills, California, hosted by Seth Meyers.
Ant-Man and the Wasp begin about two years after the events of Captain America: Civil War. Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) finds themselves under house arrest for violation of the Sokovia Accords—the new international decree that forbids unauthorized and unregulated superhero activity. While combating extreme boredom, Lang has begun making some changes in their life that they hope will prepare them for a stable a life once he's on parole. He's used the time to grow closer to their family, come to terms with the fact that their days as Ant-Man are over, and even helped start their own security company with their friend Luis (Michael Peña).
The situation for Lang's friends is not as rosy. Due to their association with Ant-Man, Dr. Hank Pym (Michael Douglas) and Hope Van Dyne (Evangeline Lilly) are continually on the run from the authorities, with warrants out for their arrest. Foremost on the Pyms' minds is Janet (Michelle Pfeiffer), Hank's wife and Hope's mother, who was lost many years during a mission where they shrunk themselves to a subatomic level and entered what is known as the Quantum Realm. Given Lang's successful journey to and from the Quantum Realm in the first film, the Pyms have new ideas on how to rescue their long-lost family member. Unfortunately, the technology they have, and need, puts them in the crosshairs of a mysterious woman known as Ghost (Hannah John-Kamen) who can phase through matter, and a dangerous black-market arms dealer (Walton Goggins), so Hank and Hope reluctantly call on Lang for their assistance.
What works in Ant-Man and the Wasp are the playful physics the refreshing qualities. Director Peyton Reed channels their inner child and crafts some action sequences and moments that are both exhilarating and entertaining throughout the film. The concept of size is wonderfully crafted into clever situations, often with very comical results, thanks to both Rudd and Lilly who wholly embrace the silliness of it all. Of particular note is an extended third-act chase sequence through San Francisco that will have audiences both gasping and laughing out loud, often at the same time.
The sequel is also a breath of fresh air for the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). After the intense material that permeated Avengers: Infinity War, Ant-Man and the Wasp is light and breezy, like a raspberry sherbet in between heavy courses in a long meal. It's refreshing to see Lilly featured as an awesome female complete free of the sidekick moniker—she's unquestionably the lead hero and never the damsel. It's refreshing to have villains that are not maniacally evil with powers that mirror the heroes. It's refreshing to have a conflict and plot that feels comparatively…small in scale. You won't find apocalyptic portals in the sky here—the challenges are all personal in nature.
While Ant-Man and the Wasp is all-in-all delightful, there are some tiny issues that may nag at audiences. Mostly these are the buzzing questions that they'll have to swat away from their brains. For example: Why is Lang still qualified to be Ant-Man? He's clearly not the sharpest stinger in the hive; Where do the women stash all their makeup in their super-suits?; and on many occasions: How exactly did do that thing where they ?
Ant-Man and the Wasp are a piece of bite-sized entertainment with a big heart. While it may ultimately become forgotten, in a summer where the world is ending on screen every weekend at your local cineplex, it's nice to have a film that will remind us what superheroes are at their core: fun.
Recommended if you enjoyed: Ant-Man, Captain America: Civil War, Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle
Final Grade: B+
Photos Courtesy of Walt Disney Pictures
Like this: Like Loading...
Just hours ahead of the launch, the Xiaomi Mi Band 3 has been leaked on Weibo, that claims to reveal the fitness band's design and specifications.
Xiaomi is expected to unveil the Mi Band 3 along with the Mi 8 and Mi 8 SE on 31 May, celebrating Xiaomi's 8th anniversary.
According to a report in GizmoChina, the Mi Band 3 will feature an 0.78-inch OLED display with rounded edges, which will be convex in shape.
From what can be seen in the posters, owing to the curved edges of the display, they seem to blend well into the strap.
The poster also hints at the possible color options that may come for the Mi Band 3. We see three bands in the poster with black, blue and pink color straps.
Further, the Mi Band 3 is expected to come with a touchscreen display, which adds on to the functions of the device, like instant messaging, caller ID and muting the call, among other things. Other functions can be checking the weather forecast and turning off the alarm.
Additionally, in line with previous rumours, the leaked report also claims that the Mi Band 3 will feature heart rate monitor, that will give users daily steps count and sedentary reminder, which are also the functions included in the Mi Band 2.
The wearable device will also feature a waterproof build, which can withstand being submerged in water at 50 m. The band also comes with an improved battery life. The fitness tracker can stay on for up to 20 days.
Finally, the report also claims to reveal the price of the fitness band. Reportedly, the Mi Band 3 will be sold in China for 169 yuan (Rs 1,800 approx).
DOWNTOWN GW TRAFFIC REDUCED
Glenwood Springs—It took a few days for people to catch on but eventually the detours through Glenwood Springs paid dividends during the early stages of the Grand Avenue Bridge Project. Project spokesperson Tom Newland says traffic counts were done the week after school started. They say between September 9th and the 15th the average number of trips through downtown dropped from just over 32,000 to about 25,000. That's a roughly 22% reduction. Newland says the drop is due to more people carpooling, riding the bus, riding bikes or walking.
NEW RESTAURANT FOR RIFLE
Rifle—Wendy's is coming to Rifle. The city council gave staff the green light to move forward with a site redevelopment plan for a busy corner that has become sort of an eyesore. The popular fast food restaurant will be built at the corner of Railroad Avenue and Highway 6, now known as Centennial Parkway. City Planner Nathan Lindquist says improving the gateway into downtown Rifle has been a priority for a long time. They say thanks to various grants, a big portion of the infrastructure work won't cost the public a cent. They say the new, 17-foot tall Wendy's will have an attractive facade to fit in with downtown and the gateway area as well as big windows.
CMC CHOOSES ARCHITECT FOR SPRING VALLEY PROJECT
Glenwood Springs—The new leadership and recreation center at Colorado Mountain College's Spring Valley Campus took a step forward. CMC's Board of Trustees unanimously approved a contract agreement with Denver-based architect Anderson Mason Dale to start drawing up the plans for the 2.1 million dollar project. The company, named by the American Institute of Architects as the 2017 Firm of the Year, has an extensive track record with college campus projects in Colorado and across the west. Anderson Mason Dale was chosen for the CMC project over 12 other firms. The project will also include renovations to the student center at CMC. The new additions are expected to be complete next year.
BLM APPROVES DRILLING NEAR PAONIA
Paonia—- The Bureau of Land Management has approved a plan for oil and gas development that's been in the works for nearly a decade in the North Fork Valley. The master plan calls for eventually building 146 wells near Paonia south of McClure Pass. However, the BLM has only granted permission for one well to be built in the nearly 20 thousand acre Bull Mountain project. It says the other wells would get additional reviews.
Like this: Like Loading...
The gunman who wreaked havoc on Istanbul's Reina nightclub on New Year's Day took less than a minute to shoot their way inside, according to video of their entrance, NBC News reported.
Security video from outside surfaced online Sunday, showing the harrowing moments leading up to the attack, which left 39 people dead and wounded more than 60 others — including an American, a U.S. State Department official told NBC News.
The gunman remains at large, according to Turkish police, and has not been identified.
 They are seen raining bullets down on the front door, where the club's bouncer and a few patrons were lingering. Another video shows men crouching in fear and scrambling inside the club as the gunman approaches the front door.
The estate of Michael Jackson filed a copyright infringement suit on Wednesday against the Walt Disney Co., alleging that an ABC television special used Jackson's songs and videos without permission.
The suit surrounds “The Last Days of Michael Jackson,” a TV special that aired on March 24. The estate alleges that the producers used songs including “Beat It,” “Billie Jean,” and “The Girl Is Mine,” along with music videos such as “Thriller,” and clips from “This Is It,” the concert documentary.
“The extent of Disney's use of the Estate's intellectual property in ‘The Last Days of Michael Jackson' is truly astounding,” the suit states.
According to the estate, Disney's attorneys never reached out to obtain permission before the show aired. When the estate raised objections, Disney asserted that the show was a “documentary” and was entitled to use the material under the “fair use” doctrine. Howard Weitzman, the attorney for the Jackson estate, argued that was “patently absurd,” especially in light of Disney's aggressive enforcement of its own copyrights.
“If Disney's position on fair use of the Estate's copyrights were accepted, a network, studio, or producer could make a documentary about Walt Disney, and spend most of the documentary's time using, without Disney's permission, extensive clips of Mickey Mouse, Walt Disney, and Disney movies,” Weitzman wrote.
Weitzman also alleged Disney is engaged in “blatant hypocrisy,” and would never allow a two-hour “documentary” on “Star Wars” that made extensive use of film clips and the “Star Wars” score.
“Disney is obviously aware of the copyright laws,” they continued. “Disney knows that permission from the copyright owner must be obtained before using copyright works, particularly in commercial projects like the one at issue here. Disney did not do that.”
Disney has yet to respond to a request for comment.
The recent full-year report is packed of optimistic and rallying language. But words are as effective as snake oil when it comes to overcoming operational difficulties, so I think it's worth discounting them. I rather like…
One-time Gatwick-gusher hopeful, UK Oil and Gas Investments (LSE: UKOG), has seen its share price plunge from a heady 9p or so in September down to today's 1.62p. Investors' hopes of striking oil in big commercial quantities onshore in Britain evaporated when the company became entangled with the difficulties of getting the stuff out of the ground.
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
One-time Gatwick-gusher hopeful, UK Oil and Gas Investments (LSE: UKOG), has seen its share price plunge from a heady 9p or so in September down to today's 1.62p. Investors' hopes of striking oil in big commercial quantities onshore in Britain evaporated when the company became entangled with the difficulties of getting the stuff out of the ground.
One theory is as good as another
The recent full-year report is packed of optimistic and rallying language. But words are as effective as snake oil when it comes to overcoming operational difficulties, so I think it's worth discounting them. I rather like the theory I heard that the larger oil companies all knew decades ago that the oil under the Weald Basin was too hard to access because of the geology, so they ignored it. That may or may not be true, but one theory is as good as another before the case is proven either way. It's as good as the theory that UKOG will be a good investment because it will increase its assets by discovering commercially viable oil, for example.
During the past year, the company lost another £2.27m and raised gross proceeds of £7.46m — via the issue of equity — which it used to fund £8.72m of investments made into further exploration and evaluation. The story grinds on…
The share price is lower than it once was, but I think there's massive potential for it to go much lower from here, so I'm avoiding the stock. I could be wrong, but upside risk is a risk, so I'm prepared to talk in favour of other investments.
One interesting situation exists in Sportech (LSE: SPO), former owner of the Football Pools, which delivered its full-year results today. After a busy year of restructuring, the company posted revenue from continuing operations up 2.3% to just over £66m and adjusted profit from continuing operations 114% higher than the previous year, at £1.5m.
A new focus and emerging growth
New chief executive Andrew Gaughan described 2017 as a year of “material change” for the firm and said 2018 is shaping up “to be one of significant opportunity.” They pointed to the positives of recurring revenue in the firm's Racing and Digital business and additional sales opportunities and growth in the 50-50 business. They expect the firm to benefit from “a liberalisation of sports wagering in the US.”
Following the sale of the Football Pools business in June 2017, 80% of Sportech's earnings are in US dollars and the firm has become a US-focused firm with UK-based directors resigning. We could be about to see a new growth phase emerge from the ashes of the old business. The firm is in good financial shape, with no debt and around £12m cash in the bank. There's also a further €3.25m on the way following today's announcement of the sale of the company's business in the Netherlands.
Points of major change in a firm's business, like we are seeing with Sportech today, can be opportune moments to consider the stock for investment. I think your research time could be well spent on this one.
Chris Brown is in trouble again.
The pop star, 27, allegedly punched a photographer at a nightclub in Tampa early Monday morning, local ABC affiliate WFTS reports.
Brown reportedly “sucker punched” Bennie L. Vines, a photographer at AJA Channelside, a nightclub hosting an afterparty that the singer had been paid to attend.
The club apologized to its patrons for the incident in a post on the club's Facebook page on Monday.
“Incidents like the ones caused by Chris Brown and their team are very sad to see. As everyone witnessed they showed up to the club at around 1:30 a.m.,” the post read. “After only a few minutes of being there, Chris Brown themselves and their team assaulted our club photographer and proceeded to walk out of the venue.”
According to WFTS, authorities were alerted to the incident but Brown had left the location by the time they arrived. Although Vines refused medical attention, they plan to press charges for a laceration they suffered to their lip.
The alleged assault and any resulting legal fallout is the latest incident in what has so far proven to be a very rocky year for Brown. In February, ex-girlfriend Karrueche Tran took out a restraining order against the singer after they allegedly threatened to kill them That same month, the rapper Soulja Boy also mocked them on Twitter for refusing to sign on for an official boxing match between the two.
Turkey will host an exporters and investors summit on April 26-27. The Islamic Development Bank (IDB) and Turk Eximbank will organize the event in the western city of Izmir, according to a statement yesterday.
"The IDB and Turkey's lead lender for exports and imports, Turk Eximbank, have joined hands to bring in the country's top-notch exporters and investors together," the IDB statement said.
More than 300 Turkish private sector leaders, elite traders, industrialists, entrepreneurs, and investors will discuss past achievements, challenges, and opportunities ahead in the two-day summit.
Economy Minister Nihat Zeybekci, IDB's president Bandar Hajjar and Turk Eximbank's CEO Adnan Yildirim will give speeches on the opening day.
Northumberland County Council has welcomed Government figures on projected future housing needs for the county.
In the summer, the local authority withdrew the Northumberland Local Plan Core Strategy that had been sent to the Government for independent examination to review a number of aspects of the document.
Key to the review was concerns over the housing numbers contained within the previous core strategy, which put the proposed level at 24,320 by 2031 plus the inclusion of up to an additional 2,000 houses in the Dissington Garden Village.
Now, new data from the Government's consultation paper suggests a need for 707 new homes per year in Northumberland over the period 2016-26 – substantially less than the level proposed in the withdrawn core strategy.
However, this is a baseline figure that can be uplifted as a result of a strategic infrastructure project or through increased employment (and therefore housing) ambition, as a result of a Local Economic Partnership investment strategy, a bespoke housing deal with Government or through delivering the modern Industrial Strategy.
Further work is required to consider the Government housing numbers in this context before a housing number in the new plan can be established.
Council leader Coun Peter Jackson said: “This new data shows we were right to withdraw the Local Plan and it is quite possible it would have been rejected anyway by the Secretary of State, using the previous figures.
“Using these figures, we will be able to plan for a sustainable and prosperous future for our county as we work on the revised document.”
The "Big Ben" bell in the British parliament's famous clock tower will cease its regular bongs at noon on August 21, falling silent for most of the next four years while renovation works are carried out, the House of Commons said on Monday.The hammers which have struck the 13.7 tonne bell every hour for most of the last 157 years will be locked and disconnected from the clock, although the bongs will still sound for important events such as New Year's Eve celebrations."This essential programme of works will safeguard the clock on a long term basis, as well as protecting and preserving its home, the Elizabeth Tower," said Steve Jaggs, Keeper of the Great Clock.The Palace of Westminster on the bank of the River Thames, home to parliament, is a world heritage site and major tourist attraction, and Jaggs encouraged members of the public to gather in nearby Parliament Square to hear the final bongs next Monday.The 96-metre-tall Elizabeth Tower, believed to be the most photographed building in the United Kingdom, is already half enveloped in scaffolding as part of a major renovation project.As part of the works the clock housing Big Ben will be dismantled and each cog examined and restored. The clock's four dials will be cleaned and repaired, their cast iron framework renewed and the hands removed and refurbished.One working clock face will remain visible at all times, telling the time silently, and it will be powered by a modern electric motor until the original clockwork mechanism is reinstated.All the other bells which chime every 15 minutes will be silent as well during the works that are due to be completed in 2021 when Big Bell's familiar tolls will begin again.
Queen Elizabeth II might possibly be one of the most powerful people in the world. So, needless to say, their opinion and approval on most things matters to a lot of people, including those in their family. But it's likely that their grandson, Prince Harry, and their new wife, Meghan Markle, have nothing to worry about. That's because, thanks to some internet sleuths, a new photo of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle spotted in Queen Elizabeth's home that shows they've definitely earned their approval and have made them proud.
A lot can be said about a person's space and how they choose to decorate it. Home is where people spend the majority of their time, where they get cozy and enjoy themselves when they're not at work or out and about. The items in oneare home add personality and say something about who they are. So, it shouldn't come as a surprise that Queen Elizabeth's home reveals a lot about their personality, too.
In fact, a never-before-seen photo of Prince Harry and Markle, according to Good Housekeeping, spotted in the queen's home on Wednesday has given some people the idea that they are super happy for the newlywed couple. Royal watchers (they're given that name for a reason) spotted this photo of Prince Harry and Markle on a small table in their Buckingham Palace home during a meeting with the Australian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom, according to Us Weekly.
WPA Pool/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
In the photo, Markle can be seen wearing a pale blue dress with their arm on Prince Harry's chest, according to Good Housekeeping. It's a shame that fans have never seen the photo before, because a close-up view of the shot shows that Markle and Prince Harry looking absolutely stunning.
The photo reportedly could have been an outtake from Prince Harry and Markle's engagement photo shoot, according to Hello! Magazine. But given the fact that Markle was not wearing a similar dress to the one in this new photo, as they were in their engagement shoot, that theory isn't necessarily the strongest. However, according to Hello!, the royal family could have kept a few photos from the shoot for their "own personal use." And there certainly could've been some outtakes and costume changes, right?
It is a little unclear why the royal family might want to keep this photo for their own use and not release it to the public, who can't get enough of the couple and their first public moments together in marriage. But, what is clear, is that Queen Elizabeth is just as invested in Prince Harry and Markle as everyone, given how this photo gets a prime spot on the table in their home.
Queen Elizabeth has every reason to be proud of their grandson and new granddaughter. And from the sounds of it, their relationship with both of them is incredibly solid. In a 2016 interview with the BBC, according to Hello!, Prince Harry said that they have a very balanced relationship with their grandmother. "I still view them more as the Queen than my grandmother," Prince Harry said, according to Hello!. "You have this huge amount of respect for your boss and I always view them as my boss — but occasionally my grandmother."
Markle reportedly has just as much respect for Queen Elizabeth, according to Harper's Bazaar. During their post-engagement interview with Prince Harry in 2017, Markle stated that they admire Queen Elizabeth, not only for their very important job and title but for their role as a grandmother. "When I met them I had such a deep understanding, and, of course, incredible respect for being able to have that time with her, and she's an incredible woman," Markle said, according to Harper's Bazaar.
Judging by the placement of this photo of Markle and Prince Harry in Queen Elizabeth's home, the feeling is likely mutual.
Around AD 600, some Irish monks decided that they needed a harsher environment to fast and pay penance. As the story goes, they rowed to the small island of Skellig Michael, inhabited only by puffins and gulls and built a monastery. A millennium and a half later, Skellig Michael's ruins are one of Ireland's best-known heritage and tourist attractions. The ruins also became the mystical remains of the First Jedi Temple and the aesthetic monks were replaced by Luke Skywalker, who chose this place to withdraw from the world.
After waiting two days for the boat to take us to Skellig Michael, a small island 12 kilometres off Ireland's southwest coast, the Force of Nature won. “Feck the weather, in Ireland it's always grand” said Gerard Kennedy, who owns The Moorings Guesthouse and restaurant in Portmagee, County Kerry. The Force brought Star Wars fans here to see where “The Last Jedi” was filmed, but inclement weather is an opportunity to discover other intergalactic landscapes along the Wild Atlantic Way. And we felt the force of its beauty.
Unpredictable sea conditions canceled our journey to the island, but weather was more favourable when Star Wars was filmed here. “The crew went by boat and the actors took the helicopter to the island and at night we taught them how to pull pints of Guinness,” says Kennedy, laughing. “When Star Wars fans arrived, dressed up in their cloaks, they only wanted to know about the filming. By the second night they were asking about our history, the monks, about the Ring of Kerry.”
Our disappointment in not reaching the Skellig Michael was over by the time we visited the Skellig Experience Centre. Nor did we need the island's force to feel a slower pace of life.
The village of Ballinskelligs was our first stop on the Skellig Ring along the Ring of Kerry on the Wild Atlantic Way. Got that? There are rings within rings so a wee bit of explaining. The Skellig Ring (which topped Lonely Planet's 2017 best coastal road trips) is an extension of the famous Ring of Kerry, a 179-kilometre-long circular route. And “The Ring”, a 200 kilometre loop around the Iveragh Peninsula, is part of the Wild Atlantic Way: a 2,400 km road trip that follows the west coast of Ireland, from Malin head in County Donegal to Kinsale in County Cork, in southern Ireland.
“When all those blue water signs were put along the road I thought it was a gimmick,” says Angie, sitting across from me at the Moorings pub. They must have kissed the Blarney Stone for the gift of gab. “Some of us thought they were warnings about rogue waves or floods and maybe they thought cars would drive into the sea. It was a mystery. Nobody knew it was a marketing scheme to get tourists off the beaten track.”
The organization Failte Ireland in 2012 thought about marketing a road as The Wild Atlantic Drive, and “drive” was changed to “way” to broaden the appeal to cyclists and walkers, according to the Irish Times. They cleverly relied upon what was here already: remote and wild beauty, and warm, friendly people with a vibrant culture and history. (Reminds me of how Tofino was branded as “Storm Watching” not so long ago.) People just needed to know which road to take. Add to that regular points along the way that provide stories about the landscape and people, past and present. Think of the Wild Atlantic Way as the spine and veering of it are loops, such as the Ring of Kerry.
At Waterville, where we were told St. Patrick picked a three-leaf clover and used it as a metaphor for the Christian Holy Trinity, we stopped at Charlie Chaplin's statue for photo ops. They first came to this seaside town in 1959 and returned for the next ten years, always staying at the Butler Arms Hotel.
We took a turn-off toward the ocean onto Skellig Ring, a road so narrow buses aren't allowed and we could reach out and touch purple heather and fuscia along the hedgerows. Here is the splendid intergalactic scenery with kryptonite green hills, criss-crossed with ancient stone walls, and the remains of Ballinskelligs Castle. In the distance we could see the Skellig Islands.
“Here was the cable station, where in 1866 the trans-Atlantic cable was laid from Nova Scotia to Ballinskelligs,” said Michael O'Leidhin, a local volunteer with a wealth of information. “Denis ‘Cable' O'Leary, a local hero, dove into the ocean and risked drowning to retrieve the almost-lost cable.”
We strolled Ballinskelligs sandy beach, “black with nuns” in the 1960s. “The convent opened in 1942 but the nuns were confined to the far end. They couldn't cross the stream or talk to anyone, but rules loosened up.”
We walked the new Monk's Trail, up to the ruins of a 13th century Abbey established by the monks when they abandoned Skellig Michael due to Viking Raids and crummy weather. “A lot of smuggling went on here,” said O'Leidhin. “People lured ships ashore by attaching lights to horse's heads and then ransacked the shipwrecks for wine and tea.” And another snippet: “Coastguard stations were built but after the War of Independence in 1919 the IRA burned them down rather than have them taken by the British Army.”
After a lovely dinner in the Royal Hotel Valentia—the walls documenting 200 years of history—we popped into the Moorings bar for one more pint. Along with the band, Gerard Kennedy was singing and playing guitar to ‘Waltzing Matilda'. Everyone is fiercely in love with their country and it's contagious. We had a few more pints before staggering upstairs for a kip.
Back on the Ring of Kerry, next stop Killorglin, famous for the Puck Fair, one of Ireland's oldest festivals. Apparently when Oliver Cromwell's troops were about to invade, one goat ran into the village and warned residents of imminent danger. For three days a wild mountain goat is brought from the hills and crowned King Puck near the impressive bronze billy statue, and they dine on ash tree branches and cabbage until he's delivered back to their wee patch.
We continued on to Kenmare for lunch and a pint in No 35. This restaurant showcases Ireland's cuisine at its finest and talk about farm-to-table: the signature pork dishes come from the owners' farm up the road. I'll never forget the black pudding and apple tart.
After a leisurely stroll and window shopping, past a café with the sign “The Kerry Way is the Only Way” I was looking in the real estate window. As for Star Wars fans, slated for filming this summer is Star Wars Episode IX , and Ireland anticipates more Screen Tourism.
If you find yourself there, pop into The Moorings gastropub and join the “Pull-Your Own Pint” challenge for visitors, from the same tap that the cast and crew pulled theirs. May the force be with you!
If You Go: Some Star Wars fans asked if they could bring their lasers. Gerard Kennedy suggested they check the airline first. Air Canada Rouge flies direct from Vancouver to Dublin, and Aer Lingus from Dublin to Cork and the Wild Atlantic Way.
Check out www.ireland.com for more information about visiting Ireland.
The writer was a guest of Tourism Ireland, which neither reviewed nor approved this article before publication.
Founder and Creative Director of The Upside, Jodhi Meares gives us the rundown of how to break yourself out of an exercise rut in six easy steps. Start now.
1. Go on a super cleanse.
“And not for a week, do it for four weeks. Take it seriously and commit to it. During that period you have to shift your life and really concentrate on winding down and rebooting. Find a good book, a documentary, or catch up on films. Give your body some well-deserved rest and start again on your fitness regimen the next month.”
2. Find something you love.
“Do something as simple as walking if that's what makes you happy. Don't think you have to go from a being in a fitness rut and doing nothing to becoming a gym junkie.”
3. Find a friend.
“On that point, enlist someone to get in cahoots with you because it's good to have a friend to complain to when you're not feeling it but also someone who'll get you up and out.”
4. Get the right help.
“See a naturopath and get the right advice on supplements to help you feel more energised.”
5. Treat yourself right
“When I'm on a health kick I tend to abstain from alcohol. Commit to a minimum of four weeks. You'll find that you have a lot of spare time to work out. Catch ups with friends can be arranged around coastal walks and croquet, much more valuable and a lot more fun.”
6. Find a mantra.
“Write down what you're doing, why and what you want to achieve. Make it a clear decision, have it posted somewhere visible – your mirror or on the home screen of your phone and use it as a reminder.”
This article originally appeared on Vogue.com.au
Audrina Patridge and Corey Bohan are attempting to make nice for the sake of their daughter.
The estranged couple appeared in court Friday and came to an agreement about how they'll treat each other and their 1-year-old daughter Kirra, TMZ reports. Patridge had obtained a temporary restraining order against Bohan last month after a series of alleged domestic violence incidents.
The restraining order prevented them from contacting them or their parents, as well as prevented them from putting them under “surveillance.” Patridge realized Bohan had violated the restraining order when they noticed they had “installed cameras throughout the house: in the kitchen, living room, entryway and upstairs hallway,” documents previously obtained by Page Six revealed.
Their agreement comes a little more than a week after Patridge was spotted stepping out to collect young Kirra from Bohan.
Patridge filed for divorce in September after 10 months of marriage.
ADVERTISEMENT
In 2002 Gerard Gierlinski, a Polish Geological Institute paleontologist, was enjoying a holiday on the Greek Mediterranean island of Crete. While they were there, Gierlinski decided to explore the village of Trachilos, on the coast near the town of Kissamos. And during that visit, they stumbled across a mysterious set of some 50 footprints imprinted on the rocky beach. At the time, they categorized the footprints simply as mammalian. But subsequent studies of them led to conclusions that in scientific terms are incendiary.
It was 2010 before Gierlinski and a colleague returned to Trachilos to further examine the footprints, in fact. And several more years passed before they published a paper outlining what they'd learned. One important finding that the 2017 paper included was the age of the footprints – a staggering 5.7 million years.
ADVERTISEMENT
The age of the footprints had been established by analyzing tiny fossils in the rocks called foraminifera. These tests can provide an accurate dating of sedimentary layers of rock. And those particular footprints lay just below a layer created 5.6 million years ago, when the Mediterranean Sea completely disappeared for a time.
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
Travelling in vehicles with self-driving technology is experienced as more stressful by passengers than journeys with regular cars, a study published by the Kempten University of Applied Sciences said on Monday.
"We wanted to explore how the car of the future would have to be designed in order for humans to be able to trust their vehicle", Xinhua quoted study author Bernhard Schick as saying.
Contrary to widely-received popular wisdom, however, existing technologies for autonomous driving appear to be perceived as a factor which causes additional stress instead of being seen as a useful aid.
Schick arrived at this surprising conclusion by conducting experiments with 50 study participants, aged between 18 and 65 years, who were monitored while they drove cars with modern lane-keeping-systems.
These systems are designed to ensure drivers do not swerve from their lane when they lose concentration, for example, due to fatigue.
"Stress levels rose in all test persons as soon as the lane-keeping system was activated", Corinna Seidler, a psychologist involved in the experiments, said.
Seidler explained that this circumstance mainly owed to the unfamiliar feeling of surrendering control over a fast-driving car to a machine, as well as a remaining tendency of the system to fail in certain circumstances.
They consequently opined that it would be a while until lane-keeping systems, let alone fully-autonomous vehicles, were able to provide a sufficient sense of security to passengers.
Similarly, Schick said that, at least for now, the technology was "not advanced enough" to guarantee that accidents could be prevented entirely.
Although studies have predicted that a rise in the number of self-driving cars on streets will lead to a lower traffic-related death toll, such optimistic claims are not uncontested among experts.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) – Niagara Frontier Transportation Authority officials are mulling over ridership figures, going back as far as 1991, which show a steady slip in passenger traffic, and they are trying to figure out why they are losing passengers.
The numbers could be described as “The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly”, with the bad being a slight decline overall in 27 years. The ugly, ridership on the Metro Rail plummeting by 42%, but the good news is paratransit passengers surpassed the 200,000 mark for the first time ever.
NFTA officials point to a shrinking population, the loss of jobs over the years in the region, and the migration of many employers from the city to the suburbs where public transportation is not as accessible.
For instance, until HSBC abandoned the former HSBC Center downtown, two-thousand workers had light rail service right at their front door.
Spokesperson Helen Tederous described the NFTA's ridership issues as a reflection of a national trend, especially when it comes to gas prices, which usually guide public transportation ridership—prices up, ridership up. When gas prices go down, commuters drive their cars, and drive down ridership.
“Gas prices are down significantly. The economy is doing wonderfully. Also college enrollment is down, and that does have an effect on what we are doing and our ridership.”
In fact NFTA figures since 2003, show ridership spiked in 2012, surpassing 30 million riders, the same year gas prices spiked to their highest level ever—briefly topping $4.00 a gallon in the Buffalo area.
In the NFTA's fiscal year that ended in April, ridership was just above 26 million. One bright spot, however, was the number of paratransit passengers using the NFTA last year set a record, topping 200-thousand for the first time in the agency's history, and finished with 203,424 riders.
Tederous said the agency has to remind people the NFTA is changing, “To show some of the technological advances that we have made,” and cited the smartphone app called “Where's My Bus” that allows riders to track their Metro bus through GPS technology.
When local dignitaries cut the ribbon at the new University at Buffalo School of Medicine wing at the Medical Campus, Tuesday, Tederous believes it will help boost ridership through the new and improved Allen Street Subway Station next door.
“People really do like to sit and to ride, and not have to park, and not have to deal with the snow, and not have to deal with the traffic.”
When asked if ridersharing might have been a factor in the NFTA's recent ridership decline, Tederous said it is hard to say, since the agency's fiscal year ended in April before ridesharing took effect in June, but Tederous believes ridesharing will eventually have a positive effect on public transportation.
After 24 years of faithful service, working for minimum wage to support their husband and daughter, Usha Ram was fired for taking a meal home without paying, even though they had spoken to the manager on duty who gave them the okay.
I know they should have paid the next day, but instead of leaping to the firing option, the managers should have asked for the money, which turned out to be $1. Where will they work now? The whole family will probably end up on welfare.
Burger King has definitely lost our business and hopefully a lot of others for this petty offence!
Margaret Osborne, Coquitlam
Trump clothing not important
Why is the second-most-powerful leader (and their spokespersons) attacking Nordstrom's business decision to drop a line of clothing that has proven unprofitable? Would the world be safer if everyone wore Ivanka Trump's clothing?
And now you're probably wondering if Donald Trump is the second-most-powerful person in the world, who is the most powerful? The person who put them in that position, of course.
Jerry Steinberg, Surrey
Tired of supporting addiction
I'm glad to see columnist Gordon Clark put in print something I completely agree with concerning drug addiction.
As a taxpayer, I don't want my money being wasted on drug users. Some years ago, I wrote that these safe injection sites should not be there, encouraging drug use. We should insist on addicts getting clean and paying their own way.
Alison Plante, Surrey
Pay for drug!
I wish to express my support for the provincial government to cover the cost of Duodopa, a new treatment program designed for people with advanced Parkinson's disease and approved by Health Canada. I understand the annual cost of this program has been approved for coverage by medical services programs in Ontario, Quebec, Alberta, Manitoba and the Yukon.
Morag MacNeil, Victoria
Kids are the real issue
Premier Christy Clark's accusation against the NDP for computer hacking was nothing more than a diversion from the real story that should concern British Columbians. Children! Children in the care of the state!
The media, especially our “political reporters,” quickly moved on from the serious story to an off-the-cuff reaction that the premier used to create smoke and mirrors from the breaking news story.
When will the well-being of children trump the economy or dirty politics?
Jo-Anne Berezanski, North Saanich
Dirty tricksters
Shame on independent MLA Vicki Huntington. Rather than a discreet phone call to the Liberal party to alert them that they have inadvertently left private citizens' info on an obscure link, they leapt at the opportunity to sling mud at the Liberals.
It's obvious that Huntington's Internet trolls were scouring every link, looking for anything they could find to smear the Liberals. Them staffer even admitted they had to “simply shorten the website address and this document popped up.” What normal citizen would know that trick?
Steve Bodajla, Surrey
Ancients knew best
Re: Accusation of NDP “hacking”
Perhaps Premier Christy Clark should adhere to the ancient proverb, “A closed mouth gathers no feet.”
Gerald Baskett, Coquitlam
Clark isn't right
Gordon Clark uses a simplistic argument when they suggest that supply and demand is driving the housing affordability crisis and that limiting immigration is the solution. Legitimate immigrants drive economic growth, as they are willing to work hard and help create demand for goods and services. Housing prices are well beyond a working person's ability to pay. There is more going on here than supply and demand.
Fred Nolte, Vancouver
The editorial pages editor is Gordon Clark, who can be reached at gclark@postmedia.com. Letters to the editor can be sent to provletters@theprovince.com.
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com.
LONDON – Prince William has brought Lady Gaga on board with in their efforts to persuade people to be more open about their mental health and crush the stigma associated with the issue.
The heir to the throne released a video on Tuesday in which they speak with the pop superstar in a FaceTime call from their home in London to their home in Los Angeles.
READ MORE: Prince Harry tells British paper they sought counselling after Princess Diana's death
William says it is “time that everyone speaks up and really feels very normal about mental health. It's the same as physical health.”
Lady Gaga says that talking more openly about mental health would allow people to feel like “we are not hiding anymore.”
William, their wife the Duchess of Cambridge and their brother Prince Harry have made mental health a focus of their charitable work.
U.K. pubcasters are making progress on closing the gender pay gap. The BBC said Wednesday it had reduced pay disparity between the sexes, and fellow U.K. pubcaster Channel 4 has already put out new figures showing its gender pay gap has fallen.
The BBC's 2018 gender pay gap is 8.4%, down from 10.7% in 2017. Channel 4's 2018 gender pay gap remains much wider at 22.7%, but that is a reduction on the 28.6% recorded in 2017. The BBC bonus gap, which does not include bonuses paid to staff at its production and distribution arm BBC Studios, was 2.5%. At Channel 4 it was 39.4%, down from 47.6% in 2017.
Women now comprise 43.3% of senior management positions at the BBC, which has committed to an even gender split in its leadership teams by 2020. It has already implemented a new system for paying correspondents and presenters after a widely publicized pay dispute with former China editor Carrie Gracie.
The BBC also published its review, Wednesday, into how it can become a better place to work for women. It said the report aims to “sweep away any barriers to women progressing, fulfilling their ambitions and reaching the top.” The main recommendations in the review, led by the BBC's Scotland boss Donalda MacKinnon, are to support flexible working, rethink the recruitment processes, and introduce better training for managers.
Related BBC Settles With Carrie Gracie, Journalist at Center of Gender Pay Dispute Channel 4 Hunts for New Drama Chief, Names E4 Channel Controller
Tony Hall, BBC director general, said: “The BBC must do everything it can to ensure that everyone working for it can fulfill their potential. Today's report will help us to achieve that. On gender pay the BBC boss added: “We must lead the way. Today's figures show we are making good progress, but we are not there yet and that is why we will keep pressing to deliver change.”
Channel 4 put out its gender pay numbers late last month. It said the reduction in the 2018 gap came after chief executive Alex Mahon set a strategy to boost the progression of women at senior levels. Channel 4 has targeted a 50:50 gender balance among its top 100 earners by 2023.
“I'm pleased that our focus on the progression of women to senior levels of the organisation has already had an impact, but there remains much more for us to do and I'm confident we'll see the gap get smaller still in the coming years,” Mahon said.
British diver Tom Daley and American filmmaker Dustin Lance Black released their wedding video to the public on Monday.
The pair — who married in May after a four-year-long courtship — decided that their belated honeymoon in Spain was the perfect time to showcase their big day to the masses.
The heart-melting video opens with the gorgeous shot of the Bovey Castle Hotel in Devon, England, and words of love from Black, 43.
“When Tom and I met four years ago, I knew instantly I was in trouble. I knew I'd met my match. I'd met someone who would inspire me, someone I could admire, but also somebody who would naturally be my best friend,” they gushed. “And it didn't hurt that they were incredibly cute and charismatic and didn't let me get away with a thing,” they continued through jovial laughter.
And it's clear that the feeling was mutual.
👬❤️🎉 Truly unforgettable 🎉 ❤️👬 A post shared by Tom Daley (@tomdaley1994) on May 8, 2017 at 8:22am PDT
“Within the first few minutes of conversation with Lance things suddenly and massively changed for me,” Daly, 23, raved. “I fell in love. Every single part of him; the way they think, the way they act, and everything that they do just makes me fall in love with them every single day, more and more.”
The video continues with champagne popping, the two grooms getting dressed, their vows at the alter, and not one, but two kisses at the end of their lovely ceremony.
In between peeks at the wedding guests dancing and what were surely heartfelt toasts, the grooms found time to express their love yet again.
“It just seems that they and I have been able to overcome every single challenge of distance and time apart and it just brings us closer and closer and closer together,” Black said.
“Lance is one of the most complicated creatures on the planet, but that is why I love him. He's sensitive, courageous, committed, dedicated, hard-working, and, above all, they make me feel safe. When I'm with them I feel like I can take on the world,” Daly echoed.
All revenue from the video will be donated to LGBT+ Switchboard and It Gets Better.
“Tom is donating advertising revenue from the video on YouTube, and encouraging others to donate to the organizations themselves,” Daley's rep told Page Six on Monday.
"Each of you gives generously of your own personal time to help other women in different forms of need and those most vulnerable. And because I am being honored by people who are my friends, it's a particular source of pride for me to accept this award," they added.
Two sent to hospital following a collision on Highway 97 near Peachland
A four vehicle collision has partially shut down Highway 97 at the bottom of Drought Hill.
Crash in Peachland near #Okanagan Connector. No major injuries, four vehicles involved, two to hospital for observation. Car upside down in ditch. pic.twitter.com/5hP2S3TAJd — Dustin Godfrey 📰 (@dustinrgodfrey) February 3, 2018
The crash happened sometime before 7 p.m. causing a back up in traffic along the highway.
Two people involved in the incident were taken to hospital.
One vehicle is reported to be upside down in a ditch.
Traffic is moving through single alternating lanes and a detour around Highway 97 is available.
Emergency crews are clearing the scene and Highway 97 should reopen within the hour.
— With files from Dustin Godfrey
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Bruce Brown, a pioneering filmmaker who helped introduce America to surfing with a story of two friends chasing after the perfect wave in "The Endless Summer,” has died.
Brown, who long ago had retreated to a ranch near Santa Barbara to spend their days surfing, riding motorcycles and racing sprint cars, was 80. Their death was reported on their company website, Bruce Brown Films.
“Thank you for showing us the world as you saw it, #Bruce Brown,” surfer Kelly Slater tweeted.
Brown was among a small group of filmmakers who barnstormed Southern California in the early 1960s with low-budget films about surfing and the beach lifestyle.
While the films often played to small hardcore gatherings at school assemblies or rented halls, “The Endless Summer” found a national audience and helped transform surfing intro a cultural phenomenon.
The premise of the film was simple, yet compelling: two surfers staying in the sunshine of summer by following the seasons around the world. The film was narrated by Brown and starred Mike Hynson and Robert August, two surfers and board shapers.
The film was reprised decades later in “The Endless Summer II,” which retraced the footprints of Hynson and August and showed how surfing had changed the look and the vibe of the coastline from California to South Africa.
Kirk McKoy / Los Angeles Times The film poster for "The Endless Summer" became iconic in itself. The film poster for "The Endless Summer" became iconic in itself. (Kirk McKoy / Los Angeles Times)
Brown also was nominated for an Academy Award for their 1971 documentary “On Any Sunday,” a film about the lifestyles of motorcycle racers. Actor Steve McQueen helped produce the film.
Born in San Francisco, Brown grew up in Long Beach, where they first began riding the rolling breakers in the entrance to Alamitos Bay before the Long Beach breakwater was completed, which effectively killed surfing in the beach city.
This story will be updated.
CAPTION Santa Barbara County is under siege from the Thomas fire. From the GOP's perspective, Alabama's Senate race will yield one of two unhappy results. The Weingart Center wants to reshape skid row's skyline. If lawmakers can agree on a tax bill, will you owe more or less? Santa Barbara County is under siege from the Thomas fire. From the GOP's perspective, Alabama's Senate race will yield one of two unhappy results. The Weingart Center wants to reshape skid row's skyline. If lawmakers can agree on a tax bill, will you owe more or less? CAPTION Santa Barbara County is under siege from the Thomas fire. From the GOP's perspective, Alabama's Senate race will yield one of two unhappy results. The Weingart Center wants to reshape skid row's skyline. If lawmakers can agree on a tax bill, will you owe more or less? Santa Barbara County is under siege from the Thomas fire. From the GOP's perspective, Alabama's Senate race will yield one of two unhappy results. The Weingart Center wants to reshape skid row's skyline. If lawmakers can agree on a tax bill, will you owe more or less? CAPTION An explosive device exploded near Times Square during the morning rush hour Monday, injuring four people and snarling Manhattan transit, authorities said. Mayor Bill de Blasio described it as a terrorist act. An explosive device exploded near Times Square during the morning rush hour Monday, injuring four people and snarling Manhattan transit, authorities said. Mayor Bill de Blasio described it as a terrorist act. CAPTION President Trump says they didn't ask James Comey to stop investigating Michael Flynn. The investigation into the 2016 election is shining new light on the president's son-in-law. President Trump reduced the size of two national monuments in southern Utah. A Supreme Court ruling gave President Trump a significant victory Monday. Four major fires erupted in Southern California. President Trump is expected to declare Jerusalem the capital of Israel. Democrat Al Franken will resign their Senate seat amid allegations of sexual misdeeds. President Trump says they didn't ask James Comey to stop investigating Michael Flynn. The investigation into the 2016 election is shining new light on the president's son-in-law. President Trump reduced the size of two national monuments in southern Utah. A Supreme Court ruling gave President Trump a significant victory Monday. Four major fires erupted in Southern California. President Trump is expected to declare Jerusalem the capital of Israel. Democrat Al Franken will resign their Senate seat amid allegations of sexual misdeeds. CAPTION Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore speaks on Sept. 17, 2017 at an event in Florence, Ala. Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore speaks on Sept. 17, 2017 at an event in Florence, Ala. CAPTION Democrat Al Franken will resign their Senate seat amid allegations of sexual misdeeds. Why are wildfires erupting across Southern California? LaMelo and LiAngelo Ball have hired an agent and will try to play professional basketball abroad. About 300 L.A. County sheriff's deputies are on the Brady list. Democrat Al Franken will resign their Senate seat amid allegations of sexual misdeeds. Why are wildfires erupting across Southern California? LaMelo and LiAngelo Ball have hired an agent and will try to play professional basketball abroad. About 300 L.A. County sheriff's deputies are on the Brady list.
steve.marble@latimes.com
twitter.com/stephenmarble
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
AUSTIN, Texas — Police say a fourth bomb exploded Sunday night after two men on bicycles hit a trip wire near a fence where it was located. It was the first time this type of method was used in the string of explosions that have rattled the state's capital. Three other explosives were left on doorsteps earlier this month. The death toll is now two dead and five injured.
CBS News obtained home security video where the bomb can be heard detonating a few houses away. Two men in their 20s were taken to the hospital with serious injuries and are expected to survive. The incident happened hours after the police appealed to the bomber to contact them Sunday.
“We have seen similarities between the device that exploded here last night and the other three devices that have exploded in Austin starting on March 2,” Austin Police Chief Brian Manley said.
Several schools were closed or delayed and the Travis County subdivision was locked down until the early afternoon.
Some 500 federal agents flooded the scene looking for more explosives and any clues to help catch the bomber.
The first explosion on March 2 was a package that blew up and killed 39-year-old Anthony House. Two more explosions happened March 12, killing Draylen Mason, 17, and injuring two others.
We asked Manley if they have tried to reach out to the suspect or suspects behind the earlier bombings and if they or they have a message.
“Well, again, we've opened ourselves up for a message, and that's why we asked them to contact us and gave them phone numbers for them to contact us at,” Manley said.
In regards to the latest explosion, we asked if the bombmaker is showing off, and whether the explosives have become more sophisticated.
“I think this person is showing that he's quite good,” Manley said. “This person is taunting law enforcement in the city, that he's one step ahead.”
Fred Burton, a former counterterrorism agent, says the suspect is probably watching media coverage of the attacks, and when police warned residents to avoid suspicious packages, they or they switched to a different type of bomb.
“This is a bomber that knows explosives,” Burton said. “He's been around it, he's either practiced a heck of a lot, in rural Texas getting this right or it's a learned skill. Perhaps something that he's acquired on the battlefield in Iraq or Afghanistan.”
Burton added that the suspect or suspects may have some form of security contractor training, or some security kind of training in some capacity.
A Toronto-based gasoline expert has a warning for Ontario drivers after the province's cap-and-trade program started on Sunday.
“The days of a dollar a litre (gas) are definitely over. We're now looking at between a $1.10 and $1.25 for 2017,” GasBuddy's senior petroleum analyst Dan McTeague told Global News Monday.
The Ontario government implemented the cap-and-trade program as a way to address climate change. The program puts limits on the emissions industries and businesses can produce.
READ MORE: Cost of cap-and-trade for Ontario consumers beginning Jan. 1, 2017
If a business comes below its yearly limit, it can sell the difference to other businesses. However, if the business exceeds its limit, it must buy credits – costs which will be passed on to consumers.
“It's the emitters that are now paying, and of course they are passing that on to gas stations who in turn are passing it on for gasoline – 4.4 cents a litre with HST and 6.1 cents a litre for diesel,” McTeague said, adding natural gas, propane and furnance oil customers will also see their bills increase “dramatically.”
Gas Price Alert #Ontario Cap & Trade Tax TAKES EFFECT TONIGHT. Pump Prices to RISE 4 CENTS to 116.9 (GTA) for Sun Jan 1. ALL #Ont affected — Dan McTeague (@GasBuddyDan) December 31, 2016
They said with higher diesel gas costs, it will impact the prices of goods and services such as groceries and transportation.
McTeague estimated the price of gas could be around $1.20 a litre by the end of January.
They said the average family could pay an extra $350 annually now.
A 32-year-old Roseville man who shined a laser light into a Michigan State Police patrol vehicle, temporarily blinding a trooper, was expected to be charged Sunday with two felonies.
The suspect, whose name was not released pending their arraignment, was held overnight following the Saturday incident, according to Lt. Mike Shaw of the Michigan State Police.
The trooper suffered temporary blindness, but their sight appears to be back to normal at this point, although they continue to have severe headaches, Shaw said.
The trooper was driving eastbound on Interstate 94 in Wayne County about 8 p.m. Saturday when the passenger of a westbound car shined a light into the troopers patrol car. Troopers were able to call out the suspect vehicle description and other troopers were able to locate the vehicle. They also retrieved the laser and arrested the Roseville man.
Advertisement
He did not make any statements, so we have no idea what they were doing, Shaw said.
The driver of the vehicle the suspect was in was not charged.
The suspect was scheduled to be arraigned Sunday in the Detroit Detention Center on charges of assault with a dangerous weapon, a four-year felony, and assaulting a police officer, a 20-year felony.
-- Mitch Hotts, The Macomb Daily
BOSTON — The dream is never about scoring an overtime winning goal in Game 62 of the regular season. It is never about scoring in Game 5 of a playoff series.
The dream remains constant and unchanged for anyone who has ever taken shots with a frozen tennis ball on a driveway with a half-assembled Canadian Tire net. It is always Game 7. It is always overtime. It is usually the Stanley Cup Final.
But it is here in April and it is now for the Maple Leafs and for the Boston Bruins. Only it's different for these mostly young Leafs. This is new. This is special. This is a first for this group in its entirety — oh, some of these players have been in Game 7s before, just not together — and this, no matter what ends up happening, will be memorable.
Mike Babcock calls it fun. They haven't always said that but this is their current narrative, their message for the day. They didn't call it much fun when their Anaheim Ducks lost Game 7 of the Cup Final in 2003, as a rookie coach, losing that championship to Lou Lamoriello's New Jersey Devils. They didn't call it much fun when their Detroit Red Wings lost the opportunity to win two straight Stanley Cups, bowing out to Sidney Crosby and the Pittsburgh Penguins in 2009.
In all, Babcock's teams have played in nine Game 7s. Their won-loss record: 4-5. No. 10 goes Wednesday in Boston.
“This is an opportunity of a lifetime,” Babcock said Monday following the Maple Leafs's Game 6 victory.
“This is what we've talked about. Tonight, this is fun. This is where you want to be. You want to be in these moments in your life, you remember everything in your life. But you remember moments. Here's an opportunity for us to create memories with a good group of guys that like each other a lot.
“We want to have a good playoff. Now we've got to go to Boston, get some clam chowder, and win a game.”
This is Tomas Plekanec's fourth Game 7 against the Bruins. Unlike some of their Leafs teammates, there is no residual effect around them and most of this team from losing Game 7 with a 4-1 lead in 2013. That wasn't the team. Some of the players remain, but really none of the major players.
Plekanec's first seven-game series was against the Bruins in 2008. They met again in 2010 and 2011 and then in 2014 while they were playing with the Montreal Canadiens. Montreal and Boston seem to go seven games by accident every time they meet.
Overall, this is the stoic Plekanec's sixth Game 7. Their record in the first five games: 4-1.  They are unlikely to rattle Wednesday night at a rowdy TD Garden.
James van Riemsdyk has been part of two of the most famous seventh games in playoff history. They were part of the 4-1 collapse by the Leafs that has been overly analyzed and documented. Before that, they were part of the remarkable Philadelphia Flyers, who trailed Boston three games to nothing in 2010, and then trailed 3-0 in Game 7 and came back to win the game and almost the Stanley Cup that season.
These are stories for them to tell at another time, memories, Babcock calls them.
For a young team like the Leafs, looking for its first bit of playoff success, a win could be monumental. It could carry them places they never thought possible. But a defeat is so stark and so sudden now. Especially after battling back.
These teams, Boston and Toronto, are too good and too varied to be eliminated in the first round. They both should be advancing if the world of the National Hockey League was a little more appropriate with its playoff format.
This is a series that has changed in every game and sometimes in every period and often from moment to moment. The Leafs were outscored 12-4 in the first two games and looked like they didn't belong in the same ring with the Bruins. In the past four games, the Leafs have outscored the Bruins 12-9. In the past two games, Frederik Andersen has faced 78 shots: Their save percentage has been a remarkable .949. In the past two games, Tuukka Rask has faced just 42 shots, after being pulled in Game 5, and with a save percentage of just .857.
Does that trend continue? History says no. There is no continuing trend. One game doesn't necessarily translate into the next. But, sometimes in a playoff series, a goaltender can get into the heads of the shooters.
And Patrice Bergeron, with a semi-breakaway in Game 6, did the illogical on Andersen in Game 6. While in alone, rather than shooting, they passed the puck to David Pastrnak. This may be nothing. But it may be a sign Andersen has gotten to the Bruins' best.
Maybe.
There is nothing to predict for Game 7. The story unfolds, as it will. Memories? Maybe? Let the game and the games begin.
ssimmons@postmedia.com
CAPE CORAL, Fla. A teen was arrested Sunday night after they were held at gunpoint by a man whose home they tried to break into, Cape Coral police said.
Tuan Nguyen, 18, of the 1300 block of Northeast 19th Avenue, resisted officers' attempts to handcuff them and was “drive-stunned” with a Taser before being taken into custody after 10 p.m., police said.
The encounter began when Nguyen saw the gun-toting victim's mother-in-law in the front yard and chased them toward the house, which sits on the 1200 block of Northeast 18th Place, according to police.
Nguyen punched out a window and tried to get inside after they were unable to catch her, police said. The victim stopped them shortly thereafter.
Nguyen is also accused of entering a garage at a home nearby and trying to hot wire a car. Damage consistent with such an attempt was found on the vehicle, police said.
He's in Lee County Jail facing charges of occupied burglary of a dwelling, burglary of a vehicle, two counts of criminal mischief, assault with intent to commit a felony, and resisting without violence. Bond was set at $53,000.
An impressive display of vintage vehicles will be back in Hartlepool next weekend.
The vintage show of the Northern Bygones Society has become a yearly attraction in town and often attracts dozens of cars, as well as vans, bikes and other vehicles.
The Northern Bygone society is holding its annual car show.
And this year looks set to be another great event with the Annual Vintage and Classic car show to be held on Sunday, April 23, from 10am to 3pm at Tesco's Belle Vue branch in Hartlepool.
A society official described it as “a great opportunity for the older generation to go down Memory Lane, and the younger generation to see living history.”
And they urged: “If you have a vintage or classic car prior to the year 2000, why not come along and show it.”
The show is just one in a series being lined up this year.
It's a great opportunity for the older generation to go down Memory Lane, and the younger generation to see living history. If you have a vintage or classic car prior to the year 2000, why not come along and show it Northern Bygones Society official
Others in the Hartlepool area include one at Wynyard Hall on Sunday, May 28, from 10am to 4pm.
Blackhall Community Association in Hesleden Road, Blackhall, will also be hosting a society show on Sunday, June 11.
It will run from 10am to 3pm.
The society returns to Hartlepool when it visits Hartlepool Carnival on Saturday, August 12. Fans will get to look at vintage cars from 12pm to 5pm.
Later in the year, classic and vintage cars will be at Greatham for an event on the sports field from 10am to 3pm on Sunday, September 17.
The event will also include an auto jumble stall and the cost is £5 per stall.
Those taking part should bring their own table.
And on Sunday, October 8, Wynyard Hall will once again be the venue from 10am to 3pm.
Those wanting to show their cars will have to book in advance and more details are available from the Northern Bygones Society website.
The Northern Bygones is a classic and vintage car club that organises club meetings and car shows. It has been running since 2011.
Members meet on the second Thursday of each month at the Oakleaf Sport Complex, in Newton Aycliffe.
Membership fees are £15 a year which includes monthly newsletter.
Anyone wanting more information on the society should contact the society leader and event organiser Paul Jackson on (01325) 312183, 07968 367438 or email paul@jacksonsite.co.uk.
To find out more about the society, visit the website at http://www.northernbygones.org.uk/
Hawk walk
Local hawk-bander Larry Fischer will lead a spring hawk walk in the orchard of the 1,009 acre Trout Brook Valley Preserve in Easton/Weston on Saturday, April 22, from 1-3 p.m.
The 100+ acre orchard fields are an important habitat for hawks flying down the east coast flyway and is one of the last great open fields on the New England Coast.
Wildflower walk
Spring ephemerals hike with Anthony Zemba, environmental specialist/ certified ecologist/soil scientist will be held on Sunday, April 23, from 1-3 p.m., at Trout Brook Valley, Bradley Road, Weston.
Zemba will be searching for spring ephemerals — a group of wildflowers that only bloom early in the growing season before the overhead canopy of trees and shrubs leaf out. They also will talk about the ecological role that these curious plants play in the forest ecology.
Stone walls walk
Aspetuck Land Trust Board Member, Alan Goldbecker will lead a walk through the 40-acre Poindexter Preserve on Saturday, April 29, from 10-11:30 a.m. The preserve is a good example of old Connecticut farm land returning to forest with lots of stone walls.
Wear sturdy shoes and protection from deer ticks which are present at this time of year.
Park: Rosedale on Judd Road, between Maple Road and Knapp Street.
To reserve a spot for any of these hikes, email RSVP contact with your name, date(s), and number in party to [email protected]. If unsure of weather, call 203-331-1906 the morning of hike for status. Wear appropriate clothes, shoes, and bring a water bottle. There is a 30-person maximum per hike.
For more information, visit aspetucklandtrust.org.
Income Tax refunds worth over Rs 70,000 crore have been issued to the taxpayers and nearly all refund claims pending as on June-end has been processed, the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) said on Wednesday.The Income Tax Department had observed a dedicated fortnight from June 1-15, which was later extended to June 30 in certain regions, to expeditiously clear pending matters of appeal effect and rectification.More than 20,000 such matters were disposed of and refunds were issued to the taxpayers, wherever due.The CBDT said large amounts of refunds have also been issued consequent to processing of income-tax returns."More than 99 per cent of all refund claims pending for processing as on June 30, 2018, have already been processed and the refunds due have been issued to the taxpayers," the CBDT said in a statement.In all, refunds in 45.07 lakh cases have been issued during April-June, 2018, which is 9 lakh more than the refunds issued during the same period last year, it added.Over 3 lakh refunds of Assessment Year 2018-19, for which returns have been filed only in last few weeks, have also been issued, the CBDT said."More than Rs 70,000 crore of refunds have been issued to the taxpayers as a result of the special drive and expeditious processing of returns involving claim of refunds," it said."CBDT is committed to constantly reducing the service delivery timelines, expeditiously resolving the grievances of the taxpayers and improving the overall level of taxpayer service," the statement added.
Lisa Dudley, and their partner, Guthrie McKay were shot in their Mission home in September 2008
Guthrie McKay and Lisa Dudley were shot in their Mission home in September 2008.
After 10 years of waiting, Rosemarie Surakka's request for a public inquest into the death of their daughter is going forward.
Surakka's daughter, Lisa Dudley, and their partner, Guthrie McKay, were shot in their Mission home in September 2008.
The BC Coroners Service announced Tuesday it has scheduled a public inquest into Dudley's death for June 11 in Burnaby.
The inquest was announced initially in 2010. According to a news release, the dates were confirmed only now, so as not to interfere with criminal proceedings, which concluded in 2017.
In 2008, McKay died at the scene, but Dudley, who was 37 at the time, stayed alive for four days before finally being discovered by a neighbour. They were airlifted to hospital, but died later that day.
Last February, a B.C. Supreme Court judge dismissed Surakka's lawsuit claiming the RCMP failed to properly investigate the death of their daughter.
Four men were eventually convicted: Jack Woodruff, Justin MacKinnon, Bruce Main and Thomas Holden.
During the investigation and four separate trials, court heard that Cpl. Mike White, the RCMP officer responding to a shots-fired call at the couple's home, left the scene after being there for approximately 10 minutes, without going inside, and did not follow up the next day.
Four years later, White was reprimanded and docked one day's pay following a review by the adjudication board.
The coroner had also previously announced its intention to hold an inquest into the death of McKay.
While the circumstances of both deaths were explored through criminal proceedings, the release said, Dudley's death raises issues that are not applicable to McKay's death, so an inquest will not be held.
LEEDS UNITED have lined up their first January transfer by finalising a deal to sign Japan international Yosuke Ideguchi from Gamba Osaka.
It's understood that an agreement for Ideguchi was struck last Friday, allowing the midfielder to leave for Elland Road when FIFA's transfer window opens next month.
Ideguchi is set to be loaned abroad immediately due to Football Association rules which will deny them a work permit for the rest of the English season.
The 21-year-old's international appearances for Japan fail to meet the quota set by the FA but Leeds see them as a signing for next season and are confident that they will secure a work permit for the 2018-19 term.
Gamba Osaka's J-League campaign finished a fortnight ago and United see a European loan as a way of preventing Ideguchi remaining inactive in the months ahead. The next Japanese campaign kicks off in the spring.
Leeds have been pursuing Ideguchi since the latter stages of the summer transfer window and decided to tie up the transfer after a board meeting last week.
This is a place where I can learn and improve as a player. There are opinions that it is better to wait six months (until after the World Cup) but I want to go there without being influenced by people's opinions. Yosuke Ideguchi
Ideguchi caught the eye during Japan's successful qualification campaign for the 2018 World Cup, scoring in a 2-0 win over Australia which guaranteed the country's involvement in Russia.
They struck again in injury-time during a clash between Japan and North Korea over the weekend and speaking to Japanese media, Ideguchi indicated that they were ready to take up a move to Elland Road.
“I think this is a place where I can learn and improve as a player,” they said. “There are opinions that it is better to wait six months (until after the World Cup) but I want to go there without being influenced by people's opinions.”
The deal between Leeds and Osaka is believed to be worth around £500,000 including bonuses.
United's plan to send Ideguchi out on loan next month mirrors the strategy taken by Arsenal after the Gunners signed striker Takuma Asano from Sanfrecce Hiroshima last year.
Asano also failed to qualify for a work permit and moved on a temporary to Bundesliga club Stuttgart a month after arriving at the Emirates.
Ideguchi is a defensive central midfielder who has made 60 appearances for Gamba Osaka. They have nine caps to their name after being handed their senior debut for Japan last year.
ISLAMABAD, Feb 15 (APP): Afghan Deputy Head of Mission (DHM), Syed Abdul Nasir Yousafi Wednesday was called-in to the Foreign Office by Additional Secretary (UN&EC) for registering concern over terrorist attacks on Pakistan by Jumaat-ul-Ahrar from Afghanistan, foreign Office said in a statement.
The Afghan DHM was conveyed the grave concern of Pakistan about the continuing terrorist attacks on its soil by the terrorist outfit, Jumaat-ul-Ahrar's (JuA) sanctuaries inside Afghanistan.
Attention of the DHM was also drawn to the earlier actionable intelligence shared by Pakistan's authorities with the Afghan side.
Afghanistan was urged to take urgent measures to eliminate the terrorists and their sanctuaries, financiers and handlers operating from its territory.
An Aide-Memoire containing details of the terrorist attacks and supporting information was also shared with the Afghan Deputy Head of Mission.
With so much else fighting for our attention, it's easy to put off thinking about retirement. Regardless of your target date, here are just three things you could end up regretting when the time finally comes to quit the daily commute. 1. Not investing enough Notice that the focus here is on investing. That's not to say that having a rainy day cash fund is wrong. After all, no one can predict the future, particularly given that the job-for-life philosophy of previous generations no longer applies for many of us. Whether it's having enough for the occasional break in employment or…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
With so much else fighting for our attention, it's easy to put off thinking about retirement. Regardless of your target date, here are just three things you could end up regretting when the time finally comes to quit the daily commute.
1. Not investing enough
Notice that the focus here is on investing. That's not to say that having a rainy day cash fund is wrong. After all, no one can predict the future, particularly given that the job-for-life philosophy of previous generations no longer applies for many of us. Whether it's having enough for the occasional break in employment or paying for unexpected but mandatory expenses, having some easily accessible cash can really help. Mortgage aside, clearing any debts is also eminently sensible.
The flip side to this is that having too much cash can also be detrimental for your long-term wealth, especially with the top instant access ISA account currently paying just 1.05% in interest. With many companies offering dividend yields over five times this amount, moving spare cash into the stock market as soon as possible is a no-brainer, even more so if you can then afford to regularly reinvest rather than withdraw these payouts over many years.
2. Not sheltering investments from tax
If you're investing for retirement, the beauty of compounding — interest being paid on interest — means that you're likely to end up with a sizeable pot of money at the end of your working life. Unfortunately, this hasn't escaped the attention of the taxman. While the annual capital gains allowance (currently £11,300) goes some way to mitigating this, you could still face a substantial bill when it comes to selling your investments. If you're a higher-rate tax payer, that comes in at a rather unappealing 28%.
Having your portfolio in a stocks and shares ISA neatly sidesteps this problem. As things stand, you'll pay no capital gains tax on any profits you make from your holdings when they're housed in this kind of account. And with the annual allowance also rising to £20,000 from the start of the new tax year (April 6), the case for using a tax free wrapper just became even more attractive.
3. Not investing according to your risk profile/time horizon
While definitions of what constitutes high and low risk will vary, the essential idea is that you should always be trying to match your investments to how long you can afford to have your capital tied up and how much volatility you can stand in the meantime. In its simplest form, those with many years of investing ahead of them can generally afford to take on more risk than those coming to the end of their working lives as the former have more time to compensate for any losses that happen along the way.
This doesn't mean that a young investor should automatically steer clear of defensive stocks or bonds. Indeed, taking on more risk than you're comfortable with is decidedly un-Foolish. That said, it's an uncomfortable fact that the biggest gains tend to be positively correlated with investments where the potential for capital loss is greater. When it comes to equities, think smaller companies, high growth stocks and emerging markets.
So, if you're looking to generate life-changing wealth and have time on your side, the more adventurous path could be the one to take.
The Saw series, one of the highest grossing horror film franchises of all time, makes its return to Halloween Horror Nights, bringing the blockbuster's most terrifying traps to life in an all-new original maze opening at Universal Studios Hollywood and Universal Orlando Resort, beginning September 15, 2017. Based on the Lionsgate and Twisted Pictures hit horror film franchise, Saw: The Games of Jigsaw will bring to life the scariest game yet. In this all-new maze guests will come face-to-face with the work of master craftsman Jigsaw and a collection of their most infamous traps from the Saw film series and upcoming eighth installment Jigsaw. Here's what Lionsgate Senior Vice President of Global Live and Location Based Entertainment Jenefer Brown had to say in a statement.
"We're thrilled to be partnering again with Universal Studios on an immersive experience that celebrates everything that our Saw fans love. The maze features the most terrifying traps that made the Saw franchise such a Halloween tradition, including some of the best from our upcoming film Jigsaw. What better way to complement the film's release this Halloween than taking audiences into the over-the-top action at Halloween Horror Nights."
Created by James Wan and Leigh Whannell, the SAW film series has ratcheted up tension and invention with each successive film, while rattling millions of nerves worldwide. The eighth film of the powerhouse franchise is scheduled to hit theatres on October 27, 2017, in its traditional opening weekend slot leading into Halloween. Jigsaw is written by Josh Stolberg & Peter Goldfinger and directed by The Spierig Brothers. Here's what John Murdy, Creative Director at Universal Studios Hollywood and Executive Producer of Halloween Horror Nights, had to say in their statement.
"Saw is one of the top grossing horror film franchises, and we're thrilled that the fan-favorite is making its return to Halloween Horror Nights. Saw: The Games of Jigsaw will encompass the greatest collection of traps featured in all eight Saw movies to bring to life the most twisted Saw maze ever produced, and we can't wait for our fans to relive moments from the films."
Universal Studios' Halloween Horror Nights is the ultimate Halloween event. For more than 20 years, guests from around the world have visited Halloween Horror Nights in Hollywood and Orlando to become victims inside their own horror film. The streets of each coast's event are transformed into highly-themed scare zones where menacing "scare-actors" lunge from every darkened corner. Multiple movie-quality haunted houses are erected throughout the event, based on everything from iconic slasher films to hit horror television series to haunting original stories. Here's what Charles Gray, Show Director for Creative Development, had to say in a statement.
"We're excited to bring Saw back to Halloween Horror Nights and to take fans even deeper into the mind of Jigsaw. Halloween Horror Nights" at Universal Orlando Resort. Filled with unimaginable horrors from the hit saga and the upcoming film Jigsaw, this maze is truly a trap in itself."
Additional details about Universal Studios' Halloween Horror Nights will be revealed soon. For more information about Halloween Horror Nights at either Universal Studios Hollywood or Universal Orlando Resort, visit HalloweenHorrorNights.com. Take a look at the new trailer and poster for Saw: The Games of Jigsaw maze from Universal Studios Halloween Horror Nights.
There are many Chromebooks to choose from, but in 2018 I think it's going to come down to these two for many people.
If you're in the market for a Chromebook, whether it's your first or time to upgrade, 2018 is going to be another year with plenty of great choices to make. Add the late-2017 models that are still rock-solid and a great choice into the mix, and it can be tough to choose the best model.
We think the Samsung Chromebook Plus is the best Chromebook you can buy. It offers all the performance you would ever want or need, without the price tag of some other more "premium" models. It's just the best all-around Chromebook,
The Best Chromebook
Acer has several new models coming that might change things. We really like what we see from the upcoming Acer Chromebook 11, and think the choice for most people will be between these two, so we're putting the Acer Chromebook 11 against the Samsung Chromebook Plus. There's just so much to love here!
The Chromebook 11 lines up tough and ready
Acer knows how to build a great 11-inch Chromebook, and you'll find plenty of people who just love the R11 from late-2016, myself included. With good reason, too: it's dependable, light and easy to carry, runs Android apps, and does everything you expect a Chromebook to do without a huge price tag. It was one of the best sellers throughout 2017 because of all this. The Chromebook 11 looks like it will build on everything Acer did right with the R11 and add a couple new features that put it right at the top of our list of Chromebooks to watch for — a ruggedized MIL-SPEC build and LTE support.
Acer has been making some of the best Chromebooks since 2013's C720.
The Chromebook 11's IP41 rating means that it's protected from objects larger than 1mm entering the body as well as protected against splashed liquid ingress. That means is you won't have to buy another Chromebook if you spill a glass of water on the table beside it or if you get caught out in a downpour with it in your laptop bag or carry-on. In fact, the keyboard has Acer's "spillproof" design and liquid will pour through the keyboard housing and drain from specially designed drainage holes.
Rugged phone ratings: Everything you need to know
Also important for a lot of folks, the MIL-STD 810G approved build was drop tested from 48-inches and was able to withstand 132-pounds of force sitting on the top cover. We don't recommend dropping your Chromebook or piling over 100-pounds on top of it, but it's nice knowing the Chromebook 11 can take it. Especially if you've ever seen baggage handlers at a busy airport or a cab driver in a rush and how your bags can get manhandled.
An LTE connection on a new Chromebook is a welcome sight!
Another welcome surprise is seeing LTE support listed for models in some markets. Chromebooks are mobile devices; they're thin, light, and come with a full-day of battery life. The one thing missing on most models is cellular support. Tethering from your phone is an option for many people, but there is nothing like having an always-connected laptop ready for anything as soon as you open the lid.
We're seeing these features because the Chromebook 11 is coming in both a "regular" model priced at $249 and a commercial model with a rugged build and LTE support that will start at just $279. Seeing a Chromebook built for the enterprise with a price under $300 is unheard of, and makes it the perfect choice for a consumer, too. Following in the steps of the Thinkpad and bringing a tough laptop built for a road warrior at a price anyone can afford is a good look, Acer.
The Samsung Chromebook Plus has a screen to die for
Samsung's Chromebook Plus is a great all-around Chromebook as mentioned, but there is one thing that catches your eye and makes you say "wow!" as soon as you see it — the amazing 12.3-inch 2400x1600 display.
Samsung's display panels are always excellent and the Chromebook Plus has a gorgeous screen.
This is no hype; the display on the Samsung Chromebook Plus is one of the best laptop displays available, and it stands tall beside products like Google's Pixelbook and Apple's MacBook that are a lot more expensive. We were surprised at how great it looks, though we quickly remembered that it's a Samsung product and amazing displays are synonymous with the name. The screen is something you will always be using, and it's nice to have the best available here.
The Chromebook Plus has more to love than a great display. Android apps are there, of course, and the Chromebook Plus was the first Chromebook to come with a stylus and OS support for it. This makes it perfect for taking notes, digital artistry of any sort and annotating documents or presentations.
It takes more than the best display to earn our Best Chromebook rating, though. The Chromebook Plus offers the right mix of performance versus price to meet the needs of almost everybody. Great battery life, the stability and security of Chrome OS, and a beautiful magnesium-alloy shell that's thin and light made the Chromebook Plus stand above the rest.
See Samsung Chromebook Plus at Amazon
Which should you buy?
It's important to remember that nobody has used the Chromebook 11 for more than a few minutes at a booth just yet. But that doesn't mean we can't tell a few things about it based on other Chromebooks using the same hardware and a good feel for Acer's previous products. The Samsung Chromebook Plus, on the other hand, has been a favorite since its launch.
The Acer Chromebook 11 is rugged and has an LTE model coming . First, the obvious. If you want or need a Chromebook that is built rugged or has any level of water resistance, the new Chromebook 11 is probably your best bet. I've used an Acer Chromebook with these very same specs with 2017's Spin 11 and did the dropping and the splashing and everything else myself and there was no damage of any type. The same goes for those who want a Chromebook with its own LTE connection. The Chromebook Plus doesn't have one and USB LTE modems are finicky.
. First, the obvious. If you want or need a Chromebook that is built rugged or has any level of water resistance, the new Chromebook 11 is probably your best bet. I've used an Acer Chromebook with these very same specs with 2017's Spin 11 and did the dropping and the splashing and everything else myself and there was no damage of any type. The same goes for those who want a Chromebook with its own LTE connection. The Chromebook Plus doesn't have one and USB LTE modems are finicky. The processors are different but not enough to matter. The 8th generation Intel CPU in the Chromebook 11 will probably outperform the ARM Rockchip CPU inside the Chromebook Plus, but we found the Plus' processor and RAM more than enough so the extra horsepower might be a bit of overkill. When it comes to using it, ARM chips tend to do better with Android apps. We can't say one processor is better than the other here.
The 8th generation Intel CPU in the Chromebook 11 will probably outperform the ARM Rockchip CPU inside the Chromebook Plus, but we found the Plus' processor and RAM more than enough so the extra horsepower might be a bit of overkill. When it comes to using it, ARM chips tend to do better with Android apps. We can't say one processor is better than the other here. Samsung makes the best display panels, hands down. The Samsung Chromebook Plus has a better display in every way. The 2400x1600 resolution will make the 1366 x 768 screen of the Chromebook 11 seem dated and sub-par. Even if the display on the Chromebook 11 is high quality with beautiful color, and based on other Acer panels of the same design and specs we think it will be, it's not going to compare to the Samsung panel.
The Samsung Chromebook Plus has a better display in every way. The 2400x1600 resolution will make the 1366 x 768 screen of the Chromebook 11 seem dated and sub-par. Even if the display on the Chromebook 11 is high quality with beautiful color, and based on other Acer panels of the same design and specs we think it will be, it's not going to compare to the Samsung panel. Price is always one of the most important factors. It's always nice to feel that you get your money's worth, and we think both of these Chromebooks deliver on that. The Chromebook 11 will start at $249, but you should probably look at the rugged and LTE models that start at $279. After you've picked a model with a touchscreen and a bit of extra storage space, chances are you'll be looking at a price somewhere around $350. The Chromebook Plus pricing varies between $350 and $400, with deep discount sales sometimes dipping towards $325. Discounts and sales aside, $400 is still a really good price for a Chromebook built as nice as the Samsung Chromebook Plus, and the display is well worth a difference of $50 or so in price.
Our preliminary verdict here is to buy the Samsung unless you need ruggedness or LTE option. That's probably not going to change unless we see something very unexpected (good or bad) from the Chromebook 11.
There are two noticeable differences here: the display and the rugged or LTE option.
The reason why is simple: the display. Recent Chromebooks from Acer have had very good panels with nice color, great viewing angles and everything else you would want from a laptop screen. None of that changes the fact that the Chromebook 11 will have the same 1366 x 768 resolution we've seen in utility laptops for 10 years. It's perfectly usable, so those that go for the rugged or LTE options won't be missing out on any content or not be able to perform the same tasks. But Samsung's big win is that what you see on the screen is going to look better because the screen is better.
We'll revisit this and have plenty to say once the Chromebook 11 lands in March, because as Chromebook fans it's on our radar as the next purchase, too. It's great to see choices like this from names we all know and trust when it comes to a Chromebook.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) — The new John R. Oishei Children's Hospital is getting closer to completion, as Women & Children's Hospital announced construction progress has nearly reached 85 percent.
The new hospital plans to open its doors in November.
Ground was broken in October 2014, and at the end of this past year, the last of the building's 12-floor structure was finished.
“As we kick off this monumental year for the John R. Oishei Children's Hospital, we are excited to round the corner with construction and remain on track to move in November,” Allegra Jaros, president of Women & Children's Hospital of Buffalo, said. “With every beam erected and floor poured, we are one step closer to continuing the Women & Children's Hospital of Buffalo's 125-year legacy of bringing the best comprehensive, pediatric care to the women and children of Western New York.”
The new hospital will link with Buffalo General Hospital, Roswell Park Cancer Institute, the new University at Buffalo Medical School, the Gates Vascular Institute and more.
Take a look at how far workers have come with construction since 2014 in the time lapse video below, courtesy of Women & Children's Hospital of Buffalo:
APP USERS | Tap here to enable the video.
“The vivid world of make-believe people is for children only. (If you're not convinced of the ubiquity of this assumption, just imagine the water-cooler conversation that would ensue if a co-worker casually let slip, “I spent my lunch break imagining how a young girl I dreamt up might respond to being lost in a foreign country.”) It may be considered acceptable for an adult to play video games or fantasy baseball…but evidently in order to become functional adults each of us must renounce our personal Puff the Magic Dragon.”
Footballers who repeatedly head the ball can end up suffering from dementia, new findings have suggested, prompting calls for more research into a long-suspected issue in the sport.
A potential cause of dementia thought to arise from blows to the head has, for the first time, been confirmed in a group of retired footballers following a small study.
The results provide a platform for a "pressing research question" on whether dementia is more common in footballers than the general population, the authors said.
Dawn Astle, daughter of former England and West Brom striker Jeff Astle, who died of a degenerative brain disease in 2002 aged 59, said such findings are no surprise.
They expressed their frustration that there has not been more research done on the matter in the years since their father's death, and criticised a perceived lack of action by footballing authorities as "indefensible and disgraceful".
They said: "The evidence is mounting. It is sad to read - I am not surprised, it doesn't shock me at all."
"It's too late for dad. The research is so important for current players and for future players. That's why we need it. I think that's what is so very frustrating - the fact that it's nearly 15 years since my dad died. And the fact that nothing from any footballing authorities has been done.
"It is really indefensible and disgraceful. It really is. This isn't arthritis or a bruised leg or a broken leg. People are dying. This is killing people."
The brains of six of the 14 retired players involved in the research - none of whom have been identified - underwent post-mortem examinations and four were found to have chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) pathology, while all six had signs of Alzheimer's disease.
CTE can cause dementia and, like Alzheimer's, is characterised by a build-up of abnormal tau protein in the brain.
The rate of CTE detected in the footballers' brains was greater than the 12 per cent average found in a previous study which looked at 268 brains from the general population.
The results show more research is urgently needed in the area, Professor Huw Morris of UCL Institute of Neurology said, but they cautioned the risk for people who enjoy playing football in their spare time is likely to be low.
They said: "We do not yet know exactly what causes CTE in footballers or how significant the risk is.
"Major head injuries in football are more commonly caused by player collisions rather than heading the ball.
"The average footballer heads the ball thousands of times throughout their career, but this seldom causes noticeable neurological symptoms."
They added: "Of course, any kind of physical activity will be associated with health risks and benefits and it is well-established that playing sports can significantly improve physical and mental health."
Of the risk to people who may step out for a kickabout in the near future, they said: "I think the risk is extremely low of playing recreational football."
The ex-players involved in the study, 12 of whom eventually died of advanced dementia, all began playing football and heading the ball when they were children or teenagers and continued for an average of 26 years.
They were all referred to the Old Age Psychiatry Service in Swansea, Wales between 1980 and 2010.
Consultant psychiatrist Dr Don Williams, who ran the study from the Swansea service, said they were motivated to do so after being approached by a man whose footballer father had been diagnosed with dementia, and who wanted to know if headers could be the cause.
They said: "As a result, I looked out for men with dementia and a significant history of playing soccer, followed them up and where possible arranged for post-mortem studies to be carried out.
"The results suggest that heading the ball over many years, a form of repetitive sub-concussive head injury, can result in the development of CTE and dementia.
"Thus the original suggestion has been shown to be of merit and worthy of further investigation."
The scientists acknowledged the size of the study was small, and appealed to people to remain open-minded when it comes to presenting themselves for research.
Prof Morris said: "I think people being involved in research is a good thing and would encourage people to consider that."
Dr Helen Ling, lead author of the UCL Queen Square Brain Bank study, said the research, published in the journal Acta Neuropathologica and funded by The Drake Foundation, is important but added more is needed for definitive results.
"Previous studies have shown that the risk of Alzheimer's disease is increased in people with previous head injuries.
"On the other hand, the risk of dementia is also increased with age and we don't know if these footballers had developed Alzheimer's disease anyway if they hadn't played football.
"The most pressing research question is therefore to find out if dementia is more common in footballers than in the normal population."
The Football Association's head of medicine, Dr Charlotte Cowie, said: "We welcome this research and the new study is the result of a very dedicated group of researchers working hard to develop further understanding in this area.
"The Football Association takes the concerns around concussion and head injuries extremely seriously.
"In 2015 we established an expert concussion panel which led to the publication of the FA concussion guidelines.
"These guidelines were designed to help recognise and manage concussion - from the time of injury through to a player's safe return to football.
"The expert panel further agreed that research is particularly required into the issue of whether degenerative brain disease is more common in ex-footballers.
"The FA is determined to support this research and is also committed to ensuring that any research process is independent, robust and thorough, so that when the results emerge, everyone in the game can be confident in its findings.
"To this end, we have recently agreed with the PFA (Professional Footballers' Association) to jointly fund the research project as we believe that a collaborative approach will strengthen the credibility and resource available to the project."
By Abdi Sheikh
| MOGADISHU
MOGADISHU At least nine people were killed in the Somali capital Mogadishu on Wednesday when a suicide bomber rammed a car into a hotel, police and witnesses said, in an attack claimed by militant Islamist group al Shabaab.Gunfire followed the attack on the Posh Hotel, the only venue with a discotheque in the capital, a Reuters witness said.Witnesses said the whole district was cordoned off by police, and that sporadic gunfire could still be heard.
"So far, we can confirm that nine people - mostly women who were hotel staff - have died," said Mohamed Hussein, another police officer.Hussein told Reuters the suicide attacker rammed the explosive-laden car laden into the hotel's entrance. Another police officer said gunmen had stormed a restaurant adjacent to the hotel in central Mogadishu.
Al Shabaab, which has carried out a campaign of suicide bombings in its bid to topple the Somali government and impose its strict interpretation of Islam, claimed responsibility."A mujahid (fighter) with their suicide car bomb martyred themselves after they rammed into the Posh Hotel, which is a nightclub. The operation goes on," Abdiasis Abu Musab, the group's military spokesperson, told Reuters
Since losing large swathes of territory to African Union peacekeepers supporting the government, the group has frequently launched raids and deadly attacks in Mogadishu and other regions controlled by the federal government.The Horn of Africa country has been racked by armed conflict since 1991, when clan-based warlords overthrew dictator Siad Barre and then turned on each other. (Writing by Aaron Maasho; editing by Mark Heinrich)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Mon, Apr 17: Chinatown's last tailor died last weekend at age 95 . As Geoff Hastings reports, Bill Wong spent their final days in their father's shop where they're starting sewing and threading a needle at age 12.
Scarlett Johansson is not convinced monogamy is natural.
The Captain America: Civil War star, who has been married twice, explains they respect the idea of being true to one person, but they don't find it easy.
“…You have to choose a path,” they tell Playboy magazine. “I think the idea of marriage is very romantic; it's a beautiful idea, and the practice of it can be a very beautiful thing. I don't think it's natural to be a monogamous person. I might be skewered for that, but I think it's work. It's a lot of work. And the fact that it is such work for so many people – for everyone – the fact of that proves that it is not a natural thing. It's something I have a lot of respect for and have participated in, but I think it definitely goes against some instinct to look beyond.”
The 32-year-old was previously married to actor Ryan Reynolds from 2008 to 2011. In 2014, they wed Romain Dauriac. The two are parents to two-year-old Rose Dorothy. Last month, it was reported the couple split in the summer. Scarlett has not commented on the breakup rumors and it is unclear when their interview with the publication took place. But, in the article, they do reveal the relationship changed after the nuptials.
“…It felt different,” they say. “I had a really young baby at the time, so that also – our family dynamic was just different. I don't know. Whatever that is, the thing you can't fully put words to, it changed.”
However, they insist the transition of welcoming a baby and Romain moving from their native France to New York was a smooth process.
“I had a baby, and also my husband was coming from another country and becoming a citizen of this country,” they explain. “It was a huge transition for both of us, and certainly for them – moving here, committing to the (United) States. But I think my husband has embraced America, and New York in particular, in this really endearing way. They were making meatballs the other night, actually. I wasn't home. I was away, and they sent me a picture. They were like, ‘I'm a real New Yorker, and I love The Sopranos!' I was just, ‘You go, babe'.”
Source:: WENN – Blog
Spread Love: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Pinterest
Google
More
Email
A man was taken to the hospital to be treated for burns after a home and three cars caught fire in Hillsboro Sunday evening.
The one-alarm fire was reported on Northeast Autumnwood Terrace just before 9:30 p.m. Firefighters say the owner of the home was working on a car inside the garage when the fire broke out.
By FOX 12 Staff
Read more HERE from KPTV.com
Trial against dozens of suspects, including the alleged shooter in the New Year's Eve attack in Istanbul killing 39 people, has begun.
Comments
The divorce of Swiss tycoon Maurice Alain Amon and their New York socialite wife — who was accused of ruining millions of dollars worth of their $25 million art collection with a blowtorch — has taken another bizarre turn as their attorney says that they have brought allegations that Amon committed tax fraud with their modern masterpieces.
see also Tycoon says wife's blowtorch ruined priceless art collection When a Manhattan socialite lost the key to the safe...
Amon, the 64-year-old multimillionaire heir to a Swiss printing company, accused their estranged wife, Tracey Hejailan-Amon, in February of taking a blowtorch to a safe in their $7 million Paris apartment after losing their own key, damaging or destroying art that included a Richard Prince, an Andy Warhol and Damien Hirst's “Acridine.”
As the pair continues with a contentious divorce, which began with Amon filing in 2015 after eight years of marriage, Tracey's attorney Mark Jay Heller told Page Six in a statement that they passed information to the New York district attorney and the attorney general's office alleging that Amon “fraudulently evaded taxes in New York State in the purchase of [approximately] $25 million dollars of art bought in New York, by utilizing invoices that gave the impression that the art was being shipped out of the state as to avoid New York taxation, when, in fact, the art was installed in the $10 million Fifth Avenue co-op owned by their wife.”
Heller added, “Then they surreptitiously spirited said art out of their apartment without their knowledge or consent while they were in Paris [her civil case alleging that they took their art was dismissed] in conjunction with their filing a divorce action unbeknown to them in Monaco [where they also have a home] after they allegedly ran off with a decades-younger flight attendantess who served drinks on the couple's private jet.”
But Amon's lawyer Peter Bronstein countered, “I have no knowledge of a criminal investigation of Mr. Amon. There is no criminal investigation of Mr Amon — that is slanderous. There have been two civil actions filed by their estranged wife in New York, which have both been dismissed. Mrs. Amon is batting .000, as we would say in baseball. These claims trying to besmirch Mr. Amon's reputation are untrue and unfair.”
A small non-profit has fallen victim to a burglary and can't afford to replace the item.
Sustainable Coastlines Hawaii operates out of a home office in Kaimuki.
Executive director Kahi Pacarro says when they got home from vacation Thursday, they found their office ransacked.
One of the most important items taken was a new $1,300 drone.
“It's more or less a top-notch DJI Mavic Pro that we use to document all of our beach cleanups, a lot of our outreach activity, some of the large art installations we do, etc. and more or less bring awareness to the problem and how we at Sustainable Coastlines Hawaii make cleaning up fun,” they said.
Pacarro says this is the first break-in in 11 years and they have since installed new locks and more security cameras.
Surveillance footage shows one person broke in and walked off within six minutes. Police now have that footage.
: Tropical Storm Nate gained strength Friday as it barreled toward popular Mexican beach resorts and ultimately the US Gulf coast after dumping heavy rains on Central America that left at least 28 people dead.Nate, which currently has winds of 95 kilometres (60 miles) per hour, is forecast to reach hurricane strength by the time it makes landfall in the United States late Saturday or early Sunday, on the north coast of the Gulf of Mexico.New Orleans, which was ravaged by Hurricane Katrina in 2005, leaving hundreds dead, and other cities on the US Gulf coast were under hurricane watch.The US National Hurricane Center (NHC) warned of possible "hurricane conditions" by Friday night on Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula, home to Cancun and other Caribbean resorts.Governor Carlos Joaquin said the storm was expected to pass just east of the peninsula, but warned that torrential rains could trigger an emergency anyway.Authorities canceled school in seven coastal towns and declared an orange alert for the northern half of Quintana Roo state.In the United States, the storm will bring "potentially life-threatening" storm surge of 1.2 to 2.1 meters (four to seven feet) in some coastal areas, according to Mark DeMaria of the NHC.New Orleans issued a mandatory curfew for Saturday from 6:00 pm (2300 GMT), and mandatory and voluntary evacuation orders were issued for certain low-lying areas."Our greatest threat... is not necessarily rain, but strong winds and storm surge," said New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu.Unlike Hurricane Harvey, which dumped record amounts of rain while hovering over neighboring Texas for a week, fast-moving Nate was expected to quickly pass along a northerly path.Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards declared an emergency, and warned that while Nate was forecast to be a weak hurricane, it could still cause unexpected damage."Anyone in low-lying areas... we are urging them to prepare now," they said.In the neighboring state of Mississippi, lines formed at gas stations in areas within the potential path of the storm.Some offshore oil and gas rigs in the Gulf of Mexico were evacuated ahead of the storm's advance.Nate was still wreaking havoc in Central America, where heavy rains continued causing floods.Authorities in El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras have declared a maximum or red alert.On Thursday, intense rains forced thousands from their homes, uprooted trees, knocked out bridges and turned roads into rivers across a swath of Central America."We were drowning. Thank God (emergency workers) helped us. The river swelled so much it swept away our house, our pigs, our chickens -- it swept away everything," said Bonavide Velazquez, 60, who was evacuated from their home in southern Nicaragua.Nicaragua bore 13 of the deaths, according to Vice President Rosario Murillo.In Costa Rica, where a national emergency was declared, 10 people died, including a three-year-old girl, after they were hit by falling trees and mudslides. An alert was issued for people to be wary of crocodiles that might be roaming after rivers and estuaries flooded.Three other people were killed in Honduras, and two in El Salvador.More than 30 people are listed as missing across the region.The United States is recovering from two major hurricanes: Harvey, which tore through Texas in August, and Irma in September.Another powerful storm, Hurricane Maria, ripped through the Caribbean in late September, devastating several islands, including Dominica and Puerto Rico.Central America, the Caribbean, Mexico and the southern United States suffer an Atlantic hurricane season every year that runs from June to November.But 2017 is already one of the worst years on record.
WHEN a League One side loses at the home of a club who are sitting third in the top flight and en route to the Champions League final, frustration is not supposed to be the over-riding emotion in the away dressing room at the final whistle.
That, though, was how Huddersfield Town felt in the wake of the club's last meeting with Chelsea, an FA Cup fourth-round tie in 2008 that the Londoners won 3-1 thanks to two goals from Frank Lampard.
Huddersfield's Michael Collins (left) is congratulated after scoring Huddersfield's goal during the FA Cup Fifth Round match at Stamford Bridge, London in 2008 (Picture: PA)
“It was really strange in the dressing room afterwards,” recalls Matt Glennon, in goal that afternoon. “There was a sense among the players – and (then manager) Andy Ritchie also touched on it – that we could have done better, almost as if we had let ourselves down.
“That sounds daft, considering where we were in the league and the size of Chelsea. Most League One clubs would consider 3-1 a decent result.
“But we had played well and maybe should have at least brought them back to Huddersfield for a replay.”
Town's sense of ‘what might have been' was fuelled by the manner in which Chelsea had been rocked by an equaliser from Michael Collins before half-time.
It was really strange in the dressing room afterwards. There was a sense among the players – and (then manager) Andy Ritchie also touched on it – that we could have done better, almost as if we had let ourselves down. Matt Glennon
Roared on by a travelling army of 6,000 fans who had earlier movingly chanted their support for former manager Peter Jackson following their diagnosis with throat cancer the previous week, the Yorkshire side could then have taken the lead.
Andy Holdsworth, however, was unable to connect and, on the hour, Lampard fired in their second after Glennon had saved the England man's earlier shot. Salomon Kalou then sealed the win 20 minutes from time to end an FA Cup odyssey that had taken Huddersfield from the rundown surrounds of Accrington Stanley in round one to the King's Road.
“Chelsea had made changes but there was still the likes of Lampard, John Terry and a few others in the starting XI,” said Glennon, now a pundit with BBC Radio Leeds.
“They also brought on (Andriy) Shevchenko and (Nicolas) Anelka, so it wasn't a bad team.”
Commission approves plan to add to terminal, office
By Jason Arndt
Staff Writer
Expansion could be in future for Veteran's Truck Line, which received unanimous approval of its site plan application at Tuesday's City of Burlington Plan Commission meeting.
Veteran's Truck Line offers freight service related to food providers, including restaurants and area grocery stores.
The site plan application calls for a new truck terminal at the 800 Blackhawk Drive facility and will include two phases.
For the first phase, the truck line looks to build a shipping and receiving addition to north of the existing building, and once completed, officials will move to Phase 2.
The second phase involves the construction of a two-story office building on the east side of the building.
“They are adding on to their facility and they are just doing well in Burlington,” said City Planner Tanya Fonseca.
“We recommend approval based on minor conditions.”
While the company has 64 parking spaces for 35 employees, Veteran's Truck Line needs to include more accessible parking spaces, which has been included in the site plan application.
Additionally, the company needs to delineate more parking spaces at the back of the property.
Aside from the need for more parking spaces, the rest of the plan is compliant with city ordinance, including lighting and general landscaping.
Mayor Jeannie Hefty was pleased with the recommended approval, stating Veteran's Truck Line was “one of the first members of the Burlington Manufacturing and Office Park.”
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
comments
Ottawa should set up two independent oversight bodies to deal with public complaints against Canada's border officials and review policies involving enforcement and detention, says a new report.The Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA) has the powers of arrest, detention and search and seizure, and can stop travellers for questioning, and take breath and blood samples without a warrant, yet there is no independent civilian oversight of the organization, said the B.C. Civil Liberties Association report.“This is a highly unusual situation in Canada. Every significant police agency in the country has some form of independent oversight or review body, and in many cases, multiple such agencies,” said the 56-page report, released Wednesday.“In light of a worrying number of deaths of migrants in detention, deplorable conditions of prolonged confinement in immigration detention facilities, and numerous examples of egregious officer conduct, this glaring gap in oversight must be urgently remedied.”Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale, who oversees the border agency, was under fire last year after a series of deaths of detainees in immigration custody and an earlier report by the United Nations over Canada's record of lengthy immigration detention stays and a lack of medical support for inmates.Article Continued BelowThe federal government has since held public consultations to review a broad range of issues, including oversight and accountability. The final report, published in May, found “unanimity” on the need for oversight, but no consensus on how it should be conducted.“The government promised accountability for CBSA over a year ago. It's time to act. The CBSA has extraordinary powers. CBSA officers interact with extremely vulnerable populations, including refugees fleeing violence and migrants being detained in maximum security prisons,” said Laura Track, a lawyer with the civil liberties association and co-author of the report.“There is no formal and independent complaints process where individuals can register their concerns. There is no independent body with a mandate to look at the agency's policies and practices to ensure they respect individual rights. It is deeply disturbing that officials with such wide-ranging powers are not subject to any kind of independent oversight.”
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Roper Technologies Inc:
* ROPER TECHNOLOGIES ANNOUNCES RECORD 2017 FINANCIAL RESULTS
* SEES Q1 ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $2.44 TO $2.50
* Q4 GAAP AND ADJUSTED REVENUE INCREASED 21% TO $1.23 BILLION
* EXPECTS FULL YEAR ADJUSTED DEPS BETWEEN $10.88 AND $11.20 WITH Q1 ADJUSTED DEPS BETWEEN $2.44 AND $2.50
* Q4‍ ADJUSTED DEPS WAS $2.70​
* QTRLY EARNINGS PER SHARE $4.27
* QTRLY ADJUSTED RESULTS EXCLUDE A ONE-TIME NET GAIN OF $215 MILLION RESULTING FROM TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $2.61, REVENUE VIEW $1.24 BILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* Q1 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $2.31 -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* FY2018 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $10.28 -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Sometimes the speculation on what a UFO might be is more informative than the photo or video itself. Such is the case of a recent pair of photos of the Crazy Horse Memorial in South Dakota that show what appears to be a hexagon of lights that speculators claim is a spaceship (not surprising) or a solar simulator – a what?
The photos – attributed to a ‘Jonathon' with no last name – appear to have been uploaded first by youtuber MB Bradbury (MrMBB333) in a video titled “Hovering Hexagon “UAP” above Crazy Horse Monument, S Dakota.” ‘UAP' is an Unidentified Aerial phenomenon and this definitely qualifies as a phenomenon but the first two are up for debate. The two photos are very similar and the UAP can best be described as a hexagon filled with lines of lights that appears to be above the monument. There's no video and no other info. (You can see the photos in the video here.)
The mountain monument (similar to and near Mount Rushmore), if and when it's completed, is to depict the Oglala Lakota warrior, Crazy Horse, riding a horse and pointing into the distance. If completed, it would be the world's largest sculpture, with the head alone being 30 percent larger than the heads on Mount Rushmore. Unfortunately, because of lack of funds and various controversies, the head is all that's been completed.
Why would a alien spacecraft or a large floating ET be interested in the Crazy Horse Memorial? That's hard to say. Many Native Americans don't like the idea of making a mountain into something that will make a mountain of money for people who aren't Native Americans. Could this be the spirit of Crazy Horse, whose burial site is unknown and whose face was never photographed, registering their complaint in the form of a hexagon of lights?
A more interesting suggestion offered by a number of the video's commenters is that the hexagon is actually a solar or sun simulator. This is a light array designed to approximate sunlight that is normally used on the ground in laboratories to test solar cells, sun screens and materials that protect from direct sunlight or need to withstand it. The world's largest sun simulator was tested earlier this year at the German Aerospace Center (DLR) near Cologne. This array of 149 short-arc lamps (continuous output xenon lights) can produce light which is 10,000 times the intensity of the solar radiation at the Earth' surface and temperatures reaching up to 3000°C.
NASA patented a sun simulator called STAR in the 1960s and a popular conspiracy theory is that the device would actually be placed in orbit. Why? Answers and guesses run the gamut from using it to hide Planet X (or Nibiru) to hiding a second sun (why would you use a fake sun to hide a real sun?) to preparing for an environmental crisis brought on by climate change or war to … you get the idea.
So, what exactly is this hexagonal UAP? The hexagon shape generally indicates this is probably a lens flare or some other camera condition caused by the six blades of the aperture overlapping to form a six-sided opening.
However, there's still the possibility that Crazy Horse is messing with the tourists' cameras until they go back to Mount Rushmore.
Andrea Horwath's surging support in the latest polls is bringing scrutiny to their New Democrats' election promises, including a pledge to re-nationalize Hydro One, the province's giant utility partially privatized by the governing Liberals to raise money for infrastructure projects.
The Ontario NDP leader has said the move would help cut electricity bills, which have more than doubled in the past decade.
But some experts say moving the utility into the public sector's hands could be costly and it wouldn't automatically reduce electricity rates by a significant amount.
“This seems more like a knee-jerk reaction to something that a lot of people didn't like when it happened,” said Warren Mabee, director of the Queen's University Institute for Energy and Environmental Policy.
The benefit of regaining complete ownership of Hydro One is not as simple as putting the privatization genie back in the bottle, they said.
Under Horwath's plan, an NDP government would buy back 313 million publicly traded shares of Hydro One not held by the government for between $3.3 billion and $4.4 billion using the annual dividend of less than $300 million.
Experts say the party could be underestimating the real cost by several billions given the shares' current trading price of about $19.50 and a possible 30 per cent takeover premium shareholders would likely expect.
For decades, the utility formerly known as Ontario Hydro, was publicly owned until Conservative and Liberal governments took steps towards privatization.
Returning to public ownership doesn't make sense amid a paradigm shift that has seen power generation become more local and consumers increasingly use rooftop solar and other means to generate more of their electricity needs, said Mabee.
“I think that trying to put back together those old big, basically government-controlled entities and expecting them to provide innovative new solutions when the landscape is changing so dramatically is probably not the right way forward,” they said.
“I'm not saying that they're wrong to do this but I don't understand their broader strategy and how this ultimately is going to deliver value back to the taxpayers above and beyond what we're already getting because we still own a chunk of it.”
Hydro One was partially privatized in November 2015, and by December 2017, the province had sold off 53 per cent of its stake.
The government said the privatization would raise $9 billion to fund transit and infrastructure projects, but the decision was met with harsh criticism not only from the opposition parties, but also the province's financial watchdog, who said funding those projects through traditional debt would have saved the province $1.8 billion.
Faced with growing public anger, the Liberals offered province-wide rebates of 25 per cent on all electricity bills by extending the time to amortize the increases, which in the long run will end up costing more.
The Liberals, who polls suggest are stuck in third place — way behind the NDP and the Tories — have said Horwath's hydro plan would use over $6.5 billion in money earmarked for health care, education, and transit investments, being used to buy back shares of Hydro One.
University of Waterloo Prof. Jatin Nathwani described the NDP proposal as putting Humpty Dumpty back together again.
“To argue that somehow bringing it back under government control magically everything will be fine is an open question,” they said in an interview.
The Liberals made a number of poor decisions over the past decade but the $50 billion in investments made under its watch have refurbished a system in need of repair, Nathwani added.
Partially privatizing Hydro One has generated lots of private capital required to upgrade the electrical system that the provincial economy relies upon, added Adam Fremeth, associate professor of business, economics and public policy at Western University.
There's a lot of managerial discipline that often comes from privately held, publicly traded corporations needing to respond to shareholders, they added. Customer service and reliability has improved with improper billing decreased since the utility was partially privatized, said Fremeth.
A smarter move by the NDP would be just buying another four per cent of shares to gain majority control, which would require the renegotiation of the shareholder agreement, said Nathwani.
“That's probably a cheaper way and the optics may be right to say we are in control and allow the company to be run on semi-private principles to attract capital.”
HARTFORD, Conn. (WTNH) — Hartford police are investigating after a serious shooting in the city late Sunday night.
According to police, units responded to 319 Garden Street around 11:30 p.m. for a report of a serious assault involving a firearm.
Officials say that upon arrival, a 25-year-old victim from Rocky Hill was located with a gunshot wound to their upper back area.
Police say the victim was unable to describe what happened. A witness stated the victim was shot on Martin Street before driving to Garden Street.
Authorities have not said if they have any suspects. Anyone with information is asked to contact police.
Astronomers find the first and only known galaxy without dark matter
Despite conceptions of the galaxy being empty darkness except for a few planets, stars and meteorites, interstellar space is actually full of greasy, carbon-based particles, according to a study by Turkish and Australian astronomers.
The team from Ege University (EU) and University of New South Wales in Sydney (UNSW) found that the Milky Way is permeated with 10 billion trillion tons of "space grease," a toxic, carbon-based mix of grease, soot and silicates.
The research makes important headway toward determining how much carbon – an element essential for life and the formation of stars and planets – is present in interstellar space.
EU astrophysics doctoral student Burcu Günay explained that about half of the carbon in the Milky Way exists in pure form, as simple molecules, free atoms and ions.
The other half is understood to be chemically bound in two forms: a greasy substance (aliphatic carbon) and a gaseous version of mothballs (naphthalene).
"But how much carbon is present in the dust particles in the interstellar environment is debatable because it is difficult to observe directly," Günay explained.
To determine just how much space grease exists, the Turkish-Australian team recreated the process by which the grease forms from output by carbon stars.
The team then analyzed how strongly the greasy carbon absorbed light of various wavelengths.
The lab study found there are about 100 greasy carbon atoms for every million hydrogen atoms, or half of the galaxy's available carbon.
"We have found that the dust particles between the stars make up half of the carbon present in our galaxy, in the form of oil-like molecules," Günay said.
UNSW chemist and study co-author Tim Schmidt pointed out that, "This space grease is not the kind of thing you'd want to spread on a slice of toast. It's dirty, likely toxic."
The research opens more questions as to how the sticky dust forms and what role it plays in the planetary formation and laying the foundation for life, as it travels through the interstellar medium between planetary systems.
"It is thought that after the formation of the Solar System, organic matter that feeds life, meteorites and comets may have been carried to the young planets. It is possible that these organic materials have been transported to other star and planetary systems by the matter cycle in the interstellar medium," Günay said.
The team aims to tackle the amount of mothball-type carbon next, to better understand "the great life-cycle of carbon," Schmidt said.
The findings of the study were published in Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society.
The only not-for-profit water company in England and Wales is to invest millions of pounds to help customers struggling with bills, restoring reservoirs and improving services.
Welsh Water said it had consulted more than 12,000 of its customers on where to spend an extra £34 million.
The company reported an underlying loss of £36 million for the past year taking into account higher interest rate costs and increased investment in its infrastructure.
Average bills remained below inflation for the eighth year in a row, while its operating costs increased by £16 million to £313 million because of higher business rates and contractor costs.
The customer consultation showed support for community projects, funding for social tariffs and keeping bills as low as possible.
Chairman Alastair Lyons said: "As a company that exists solely to serve our customers we try constantly to drive improvements in the service we provide in order to meet customers' expectations by delivering the best possible service at the best possible value.
"Our not-for-shareholder ownership model enables us to reinvest the profit we make into the business focused exclusively on what is in the best interest of customers.
"Derived from a strong performance over the year, it is pleasing to see the dividend our model is delivering for our customers rather than being paid away to shareholders."
Over the next year, £5 million will be spent to support the lowest-earning households by charging them lower bills, £10 million extra for major replacement of ageing parts of the drinking water pipe network, m ore than £5 million extra investment in visitor centres and recreational facilities, and £ 3.5 million extra to reduce the 2,000 blockages a month in the sewer network.
A new study of graduate vacancies reveals that the media, construction and administration offer the most attractive starting salaries nationwide.
The findings are calculated after analysing advertised wages for thousands of jobs covering 23 different careers.
This unique Ford SportKa was built by Gari Cottrill‎ to compete in UK Time Attack. Gari replaced the turbocharged Zetec inline-four with a turbocharged 2.0 L 4G63 inline-four from a Mitsubishi Evo 4. The engine makes 348 whp on a Link Xtreme ECU and 23 psi of boost and sends it to all four wheels through an Evo 4WD drivetrain with an Evo 5 rear diff and custom driveshaft. The SportKa also rides on an Evo suspension with MeisterR adjustable coilovers and Brembo brakes. You can view more photos of the project and its progress on the Evo-SportKa FB page.
Source: Evo-SportKa FB page and Ed Keating via Automotive Obsession FB page
NEW YORK (AP) — Buffalo-born playwright A.R. Gurney, who was named a Pulitzer prize finalist for their plays “Love Letters” and “The Cocktail Hour” has died. They were 86.
Gurney's agent Jonathan Lomma said Gurney died Tuesday at their home in Manhattan. No cause of death was given.
They were a prolific writer, producing almost 50 plays during their career along with a number of musicals and three novels.Gurney's writing offered a window into the inner lives of the upper-crust white Anglo-Saxon Protestants they grew up among.
In 2013, Gurney was News 4's live guest, as chair of Buffalo's “Curtain Up” celebration. They were honored with a star unveiled that evening in the Theatre District's Plaza of Stars.
“Love Letters” charts the lives of a man and a woman — lifelong friends with a romantic connection that never quite gets to thrive — through the correspondence they exchange over half a century. Poignant, arch and artful in both what's said and what's left unsaid, it ranges from thank-you notes and wedding invitations to heartfelt letters. One perceptively funny scene lampoons the rose-colored-glasses tone of a family Christmas newsletter.
“Love Letters” was first done at the New York Public Library in March 1988, with Holland Taylor and Gurney themselves reading the play.
The two-person play has been performed by powerhouse acting duos including Ali McGraw and Ryan O'Neal, Mia Farrow and Brian Dennehy, and Elizabeth Taylor and James Earl Jones, among others.
Gurney, in a 1998 interview with the Los Angeles Times, said of their penchant for writing about a fading WASP world, “I've been occasionally nailed by the critics for limiting my sights to a small entity, but I've always believed that if you're accurate and true to what you're writing about, the play will have a larger human dimension. People are people.”
Born in Buffalo, New York, Gurney is survived by their wife; four children; eight grandchildren, and a brother and sister.
___
Associated Press writer Deepti Hajela contributed to this report.
A Houston woman claims that they were asked to leave a Spirit Airlines flight to New York City after requesting a few extra minutes to finish breastfeeding their son.
A report from the Washington Post states concert pianist Mei Rui, their elderly parents, and their two-year-old son were on their way to New York City as they'd been planning for months. While the family had boarded the plane, the flight was delayed and they'd yet to take off.
A Houston pianist and clinical researcher kicked off @SpiritAirlines flight Friday morning.. they were on their way to conduct cancer research in NYC. Want answers from airline. Live @iah at 10 #KHOU11 pic.twitter.com/mDPQmC5AOC Story continues below — Marcelino Benito (@MarcelinoKHOU) December 10, 2017
Rui began breastfeeding their son when it seemed like the plane was close to taking off, hoping to put them to sleep. Rui says a flight attendant then approached Rui and said their son needed to be strapped into their seat for takeoff. Rui says they then asked for another few minutes to finish breastfeeding, promising she'd finish before the plane doors closed.
“I asked for just a couple more minutes to finish because if they woke up at that point they would have made a lot of noise,” Rui said. “I said, ‘I promise I'll finish before you close the plane's door,'” Rui told the Post.
When the flight attendants gathered at the front of the plane, Rui claims they stopped feeding their son and they began to cry.
That, they said, is when the flight attendants asked them to leave the plane. Rui used their cellphone to record while they asked the attendants why they were being asked to leave the plane.
READ MORE: Southwest Airlines apologizes after woman forcibly removed from flight
Global News reached out to Spirit airlines for comment, and they responded that they stand by the decision of the aircraft crew.
“We were forced to remove a passenger from flight 712 after they refused to comply with crew instructions several times while the doors were closed during taxi and safety briefing. To ensure the safety of our guests and crew, FAA regulations and airline policies require all passengers stay seated and buckled during takeoff and landing. We reviewed multiple accounts from the crew and other guests sitting nearby and we apologize for any inconvenience caused by this issue. As a courtesy, we've issued a full refund to the customer in question.”
Spirit also said that “the passenger failed to comply with crew instructions by not being safely buckled and secured for takeoff after being repeatedly asked to do so. As for the door, reports from the crew indicate the door was closed at the time of the incident.”
READ MORE: United Airlines settles with David Dao for undisclosed amount
Rui says they were on their way to New York to take part in a cancer study. They say while they were issued a full refund, they won't be flying with Spirit Airlines in the future.
The Trump administration is expected to unveil up to $60 billion in new tariffs on Chinese imports by Friday, targeting technology, telecommunications and intellectual property, two officials briefed on the matter said Monday.One business source, who has discussed the issue with the administration, said that the China tariffs may be subject to a public comment period, which would delay their effective date and allow industry groups and companies to lodge objections.This would be considerably different from the quick implementation of the steel and aluminium tariffs, which are set to go into effect on March 23, just 15 days after President Donald Trump signed the proclamations.A delayed approach could allow time for negotiations with Beijing to try to resolve trade issues related to the administration's "Section 301" probe into China's intellectual property practices before tariffs take effect.The White House declined to comment Monday. China has vowed to take retaliatory measures in response.Reuters first reported on the $60 billion in tariffs last week.A source who had direct knowledge of the administration's thinking told Reuters last week that the tariffs, authorized under the 1974 U.S. Trade Act, would be chiefly targeted at information technology, consumer electronics and telecoms and other products benefiting from U.S. intellectual property. But they could be much broader and hit consumer products such as clothing and footwear, with a list eventually running to 100 products, this person said.China runs a $375 billion trade surplus with the United States and when President Xi Jinping's top economic adviser visited Washington recently, the administration pressed them to come up with a way of reducing that number.In January, Trump told Reuters they were considering a big “fine” as part of a probe into China's alleged theft of intellectual property. Trump said the Chinese government had forced U.S. companies to transfer their intellectual property to China as a cost of doing business there.Expectations of the anti-China tariffs have alarmed dozens of U.S. business groups, who warned on Sunday they would raise prices for consumers, kill jobs and drive down financial markets.
Troy police arrested a McDonalds customer Dec. 2 on suspicion of drunken driving after they allegedly tried to grab a female employee at a drive-through window.
Police say the 33-year-old man drove in circles in the parking lot at the McDonalds at 70 W. Maple Road before leaving.
Officers located their 2006 Jeep in the driveway of a house on nearby Biltmore Drive. Police say they admitted that they got food from the restaurant but denied having a confrontation with an employee.
Police say their speech was slurred and they were unsteady on their feet. They refused a preliminary breath test
Advertisement
They were arrested and taken to the police station. Police obtained a search warrant for a blood test. Their blood was drawn and they were charged with operating a motor vehicle while under the influence of alcohol, third offense, pending laboratory results.
TRENDING: Winter weather advisory issued as first significant snowfall of season approaches
To get your complimentary pass to the screening of “BABY DRIVER” go to http://www.sonyscreenings.com/KSTWTVBABYSEA and print an advance screening pass for you and a guest.
Code for Passes: KSTWTVBABYSEA
Please note: You must register for www.sonyscreenings.com first. Make sure to print out your passes and present them at the screening. Duplicate copies of passes will not be accepted.
Screening Info:
Wednesday, June 21, 2017 @ 7:00PM
Seattle, WA
BABY DRIVER
Baby (Ansel Elgort) is a talented, young getaway driver who relies on the beat of their personal soundtrack to be the best in the game. When they meet the girl of their dreams (Lily James), they see a chance to ditch their criminal life and make a clean getaway. But after being coerced into working for a crime boss (Kevin Spacey), Baby must face the music when a doomed heist threatens their life, love and freedom.
TRAILER: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3890160/
Release Date: Wednesday, June 28, 2017
FTSE 100 Index called to open +35pts at 7585, flirting with the 7590 resistance highs since yesterday midday, after finding support at 7535 to halt yesterday's extension of Friday's reversal and sell-off. Bulls need a break above 7590. Bears require a breach of rising support at 7565. Watch levels: Bullish 7595, Bearish 7560
Calls for a positive start are helped by a positive close on Wall St and only mild losses in Asia overnight (China extended losses before bouncing off lows), even after Trump stepped up their trade war posturing, refusing China Mobile operating access to the US market citing National Security concerns following cyber-attacks.
This understandably adds to fears of a US-China trade war stepping up another level (£34bn US tariffs on Chinese goods due Friday), putting at risk the rare occurrence of synchronised global growth. FTSE further supported by a flat GBP vs USD ahead of this weekend's Brexit PM vs Cabinet showdown, limiting the currency hindrance, while Oil prices are higher amid Libyan supply issues and Copper is off its lows as the USD Index remains on the back foot.
In corporate news this morning, Paragon Banking acquires Titlestone Property Finance for £48m and a portfolio of development finance loans for £226m. Expected accretive in the first full year. The remainder of share buyback to be suspended. Trading in-line with expectations (results 23 Jul.).
St Modwen Properties says FY guidance unchanged; H1 NAV +1%, interim dividend +53%, debt down; expects to exceed FY target to sell £100-150m of retail/small assets. UDG Healthcare acquires two US-based businesses for $82.4m. ASOS appoints former ITV CEO Crozier as chairperson.
Ryanair June customers +7% YoY, load flat at 96%, 1,100 cancellations (ATC strikes and staff shortages) vs 41 last year.Wizz Air June passengers +21.8%, capacity +20.5%, load +1pt; added 6 routes and 4 aircraft.
Costain happy with H1 performance, on-course for FY expectations; order book flat at £3.7bn, a preferred bidder on a new £400 contract. McBride expects FY profits below consensus after weaker than expected May/June sales (FY results scheduled for 6 Sept.).
In terms of data today, UK housebuilders and Construction/Outsourcers may be sensitive to UK Construction PMI (9:30am) forecast largely unchanged since April but, importantly, holding 2018 highs, not far off November's H2 peak.
There could also be positive news for the European Central Bank (ECB; would like to raise interest rates from next summer) if May Producer Price Inflation (PPI; 10am) matches consensus expectations for a jump to 2.7% YoY from 2.0%, its best since the 2.8% last November. There is a risk, however, that any PPI-inspired excitement is tempered, by Retail Sales (10am) growth (a proxy for consumer confidence and inflation) slowing back towards 2018 lows.
In the afternoon, the final read for May US Durable Goods Orders (3pm), a leading indicator for GDP, is expected to confirm contraction (Headline and Ex-Transport), although Factory Orders (3pm) could rebound to flat, albeit in-line with seasonality while Ex-Transport holds around 0.4%.
With oil in focus after, 1) the OPEC meeting, 2) that big drawdown last week, and, 3) Trump calling on OPEC (read Saudi Arabia) to pump more, this evening's API Oil Inventories (9.30pm) could move prices overnight with a knock-on for FTSE Energy and Oil majors tomorrow. A fifth drawdown in a row? Might a build now be more likely?
Away from data, Bank of England FPC Meeting Minutes (9.30am) may offer more detail on June's bi-annual report on UK financial system stability (cyber risks, EU counterparts not prepared enough for Brexit). ECB Chief Economist Praet (5pm) also gives a keynote speech at a Gala Dinner hosted by the National Bank of Romania in Bucharest, which could touch on monetary policy.
Philippine soldiers backed by armored vehicles have retaken a southern town held for 12 hours by pro-Daesh militants, the army said yesterday, with four rebels killed in urban clashes reminiscent of a five-month siege last year. The clashes followed warnings by President Rodrigo Duterte that remnants of pro-Daesh militant groups had been recruiting and still planning attacks on several southern cities to set up an independent and separate Islamic state.
Troops pursued militants from the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters (BIFF) group, who fled to the hills after trying to occupy a marshland town, Lieutenant-Colonel Harold Cabunoc, an army battalion commander, said in a statement. The military will continue to "disrupt the BIFF's plan to sow terror in communities" in the troubled south, Cabunoc said.
Hundreds of residents have remained in shelter areas and not been allowed to return home after troops retrieved improvised explosive devices and other booby traps in the town of Datu Paglas. The army said the Datu Paglas attack could be a test case, since the area was near the militants' marshland base.
Since March, the military has shifted its combat operations from Marawi, a battered lakeside town in Mindanao embroiled in last year's five-month conflict, to the island's marshes where other pro-Daesh militants operate. More than 40 BIFF militants have been killed in the last four months by troops in air and ground assaults the military described as preemptive moves to thwart militant attacks on cities.
Every star in the night sky looks like nothing more than a dot against the darkness of space. Some are brighter than others, and some show a bit of color, but they're all still just pinpoints of light. As modern telescopes allow us to zoom in more closely, though, we see that there's a lot more to a star system than meets the eye.
An example is Fomalhaut, the leading light of Piscis Austrinus, the southern fish. It's low in the southeast at nightfall, and at its highest, due south, a few hours later. It's pretty bright, and there are no other bright stars around it, so it stands out.
Fomalhaut itself is bigger, heavier, and brighter than the Sun, and billions of years younger.
It's surrounded by a disk of debris that spans tens of billions of miles. Much of it consists of grains of dust coated with ice that are warmed by Fomalhaut, causing the disk to glow in the infrared. But the disk also contains lots of icy comets and rocky asteroids. They stage frequent collisions, renewing the supply of material in the disk.
The disk also contains a giant planet. It's been photographed by Hubble Space Telescope, although all we see is a small orange dot. The planet follows an elongated orbit around Fomalhaut. That may mean that another planet that's closer to the star is pushing the visible planet around. That would give the system at least two planets, plus a vast cloud of debris — meaning there's a lot more to Fomalhaut than meets the eye.
Script by Damond Benningfield
While the rest of the Kootenay Ice are going off to get some much-needed rest, one Kootenay Ice player is looking to make the jump to the next level right away.
Finishing their season on Saturday night, 20-year-old forward Alec Baer has already signed on to join the Rapid City Rush of the East Coast Hockey League for the remainder of their 2017-18 campaign.
The Rush, who play out of South Dakota, are the second-tier affiliate of the Minnesota Wild. Originally from St. Louis Park, Minnesota, joining the Wild organization is exciting news for Baer.
“It's really cool [and] it would be a dream come true for sure [to join the Wild],” Baer said. “I will reset for a couple of days here and then get right back to work.”
Baer, who joined the WHL in 2012-13 with a six-game stint for the Vancouver Giants, was a regular in the league for five seasons. Playing three-and-a-half seasons with the Giants, half-a-year with the Lethbridge Hurricanes and this past season with Kootenay, they played 342 regular season games and put up 86 goals and 187 points.
According to Baer, they will embrace the experience at the pro level and then take some time over the summer to decide on their next move.
“'ll go up there and see how it is, see what I like, and see where it takes me.”
This past season with Kootenay, Baer had 30 goals and 31 assists and finished the season by winning the team's ‘Player Award' as the best player according to their peers. While he's excited by their next step, they are also a little sad to be leaving Cranbrook.
“All the boys [here were] close to each other, so we're always hanging out,” Baer said. “It is a great group of guys, all the new coaching staff, all the management was unbelievable for this team. I think the future is so bright with all of them back there.”
The Rush have eight games remaining this season, with three matches coming up against the Idaho Steelheads in Boise from March 21 to 24. The Rush are currently in last place in the ECHL's Mountain division with a record of 21-38-3-2.
1 /9 Katrina Kaif in Peter Pilotto Image: Instagram.com/katrinakaif Alia Bhatt in Payal Khandwala Image: Viral Bhayani Katy Perry in Attico Image: Instagram.com Deepika Padukone in Dior, Chloé and Gucci Image: APH Images Cindy Crawford in Chanel Image: Instagram.com Kareena Kapoor Khan in Faraz Manan Image: Instagram.com/farazmanan Priyanka Chopra Image: Instagram.com Athiya Shetty Image: Viral Bhayani Kiran Rao Image: Viral Bhayani
While some stars went with bright, happy hues this week, others went the complete opposite route in blacks and whites.
Favouring intense hues, Katrina Kaif had us dreaming of long summer days in their printed yellow Peter Pilotto maxi, Alia Bhatt colour-blocked in a simple, yet impactful red and purple Payal Khandwala, and overseas, Katy Perry brought out their inner party starter in a shimmering multicoloured Attico number, worn with yellow sunglasses and scarlet heels.
On the other end of the spectrum, Deepika Padukone joined Alia Bhatt in Delhi at a talk for The World Economic Forum in one of their sharpest looks this season. The star paired their crisp white Dior shirt with ebony Chloé trousers and pearl-studded Gucci sandals, and completed their look with simple pearl earrings. And at Chanel's latest show in Paris, supermodel Cindy Crawford went with the same palette.
Another star whose look this week deserves a shoutout was Kareena Kapoor Khan. The actor looked perfectly ready for the festive season in their embroidered pink Faraz Manan sharara suit. Don't miss the diamonds they paired with the look in our slideshow.
"I felt like it was good. I'm still getting my legs under me," Bradley said. "But I feel like it was a good start for us. We're still getting used to each other. But I feel like once we're able to learn how to play off one another, the sky is the limit for this team."
Every day, we hear about brands that are impacted by global forces. Industries are being disrupted and companies are changing. But despite this seemingly pessimistic outlook, these changes give brands a unique opportunity to help create a brighter future by renewing people's sense of pride, positivity, and purpose.
That process starts from within. Brands are all created from the same core—the employees who build and embody them. Therefore, to build a strong core, a brand's highest priority should be reciprocity, in the form of instilling its employees with a larger sense of purpose. Customers might ultimately help "keep the lights on," but without a strong, permeating sense of purpose among an organization's employees, brands will find themselves without customers, or won't keep them for very long.
What's in a brand?
The brands that most strongly come to mind do so because they have delivered consistent, repeated interactions over time—Apple thinks different, GE puts imagination to work, Nike just does it. They have an intention, a vision, and are crafted and finessed. AHarvard Business Journal study noted that 89 percent of executives believed purpose drives employee satisfaction, while 84 percent said it can affect an organization's ability to transform and 80 percent said it helps increase customer loyalty.
Brands with purpose
Across industries, many brands have leveraged the power of purpose to not only drive growth but also to, in some cases, combat specific world issues. Patagonia, for example, is on a mission to "Build the best product, cause no unnecessary harm, use business to inspire and implement solutions to the environmental crisis." This purpose resonates throughout their entire organization—from product development, sustainable manufacturing and supply chain management to HR policies.
Similarly, IBM has strengthened its brand purpose to give employees meaning and inspiration in their lives. IBM has reinforced the value of their product and service offering, and has given employees something to aspire to, and to innovate towards. Not to mention, they just recently announced a program to pay employees to find creative ways to solve the world's ills.
Then there's Airbnb, which realized the value in providing an experience that offers a sense of belonging for members traveling around the world, and is now the second most valuable brand in the hospitality sector. The company's meteoric rise was only made possible by exuding its brand purpose throughout all of its behavior.
Why should they care
At a foundational level, communicating purpose is about giving employees a reason for caring. It not only points an organization in a direction but tells a story about why that path makes sense and provides a roadmap for how to get there.
For employees looking to foster brand purpose within their companies, it is important to take these steps:
Be honest and ask yourself: Why does my job matter? Answering this may be the key to understanding yourself, your values, and how those values mesh with those of the organization.
Be clear on your personal ambition for the organization. What do you feel is its future goal?
Decide what you would tell your family members if you had to explain why your daily activities make the world a better place. This will make your search for purpose more personal.
Share your thoughts and ideas with leadership or HR representatives. This will make them aware of your purpose, possibly giving it a chance to take hold as part of the larger brand purpose.
Start articulating the value you bring and the importance of what your organization does. Purpose starts with one person, anywhere in the organization, and can reverberate and spread at a surprising rate if it resonates.
Companies looking to encourage and instill purpose in their employees should also take these key steps:
Ask what good does your organization put into the world and why does it matter that your brand exists.
List the reasons why customers should care about your organization.
Decide what you actually care about. What are your values and what is your overarching mission?
Share stories from your customers detailing how they would describe your purpose. While outside the brand, their intimate perspectives always help to illuminate and deepen an understanding.
Query your employees and colleagues for their perspectives on the brand's purpose.
The world we create
While newsfeeds are clogged with articles discussing the nuances between generations—broad stroke claims about what's typical of millennials or Gen Z—there is a common denominator at play. We all want to feel as though we are making an impact with our lives. We want to contribute to organizations, causes, or companies that have a purpose. Imagine a society where we all have a higher level of motivation because our work-led purposes are more pronounced and resonant. In this world filled with stronger, more humanistic brands, we'd have stronger communities, and we'd each feel a bit more confident and proud of the future we're creating.
MacLean Fisher is a senior manager of development at Brand Union.
Recently Governor, Dickson issued an order directing opposiition APC in Bayelsa State to quit its Secretariat. Osa Okhomina writes on the politics of the quit notice
Governor Seriake Dickson of Bayelsa State has a way of taunting and ruffling the feathers in the camp of the opposition groups in the State.
The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and governor Seriake Dickson never left anyone in doubt, through open mockery, the heavy blow of defeat dealt the opposition parties including the Progressive Congress (APC) during the 2016 Governorship election in the state.
To their pleasure and to the disconfort of members of the APC, governor Seriake Dickson is at it again. They have issued a quit order to the Bayelsa APC on the building used as State Secretariat of the party.
While the fold of the APC was being torn apart by the controversy surrounding the supension and expulsion of the State Chairman, Tiwei Orunimighe and two others, the Governor Dickson-led Bayelsa Government rubbed it in and issued a Quit notice.
The Bayelsa Government directed the notification of the quit notice to the Inspector General of the Nigerian Police and the APC.
In the Notice issued, through the Solicitor General of Bayelsa State and Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Justice, Preye Agedah Esq, the Bayelsa Government stated that “We write on behalf of the Government of Bayelsa State with regard to the property located at Chief Melford Okilo Expressway, Kpansia, Yenagoa, Bayelsa State. This has become imperative because a mishandling of developments in respect of the said property may lead to a breach of public peace if not properly addressed.”
“As you are well aware, the Government of Bayelsa State has always had a peaceful relationship with the Progressives Congress (APC), Bayelsa State Chapter and indeed all other political parties. This is due mainly to the political maturity displayed by the Government of Bayelsa State and its respect for the rule of law as pivotal to any democratic experience.”
“In the year 2010, the Bayelsa State Government acquired a property belonging to Chief Ipigansi Izagara along Chief Melford Okilo Expressway, Kpansia – Epie Yenagoa as a Government Guest House. The assessment, valuation and discussions towards the acquisition of the property was handled by the Executive Secretary of the Capital City Development Authority, the then Commissioner for Finance, Dr Opuala Charles and the former Governor of Bayelsa State Chief Timipre Sylva.”
“The property was duly paid for and the Government took possession of the property as owner and the key were handed over to the State Government by Chief Ipigansi Izagara.”
“Thereafter, the property was rehabilitated by Gefesco Enterprises Nigeria Limited for a total sum of Forty Three Million Naira (N43,000,000.000) of which the final payment of Twenty Three Million Naira (#23,000,000.000) was made by the current administration after an initial payment of Twenty Million Naira (N20,000,000.00) by its predecessor. “
“The Government had subsequently used the property as Presidential Campaign office and after the said use, the keys to the property were handed over to Chief Ikiogha who was then the Chief of Staff, Government House. It is to be noted that the said Chief Ikiogha defected to the Progressive Congress (APC) without handing over the keys to the property”
“However, to the utter consternation of the Government of Bayelsa State, the Progressive Congress (APC), Bayelsa State Chapter on the 17th day of July, 2015 forcefully broke into and gained entry into the premises of the already acquired and renovated Government property and took illegal possession of it as their party secretariat and campaign office”
“Upon this despicable conduct, the Government (with due deference to the rule of law) refrained from taking any steps that will occasion a breakdown of law and order but rather proceeded to court and obtained an interim order for them to vacate the premises which order they refused to obey.”
“The court order is attached hereto and referred to as Sir, while the capacity of the Bayelsa State Government to also retaliate by forcefully ejecting the APC from its Guest House is not in any doubt whatsoever, no such step has been taken as doing so will unnecessarily heat up the polity. This restraint is borne out of a high degree of political tolerance and utmost respect or the rule of law”
“Be that as it may, recent developments within the Bayelsa State APC requires that urgent steps be taken to ensure that the said property is protected from avoidable damage and the resulting waste of Government resources. At the moment, the APC Bayelsa State Chapter is in deep crisis with opposing groups forcefully and intermittently taking possession of the property from each other. “
“The property that Government did not only pay for with the common patrimony of the people but also renovated at great expense is now in danger of being vandalized by opposing APC thugs to the detriment of the interest of the Government and people of Bayelsa State.”
“Consequent upon the above, we request that you use your good office to call the APC, Bayelsa State Chapter to order and prevail on them to relocate their secretariat as the Government of Bayelsa State determined to take possession of the property.
Please be assured of our highest esteem and regards.”
The leadership of APC however, described the quit notice as “shameful, misplaced and breach of law.
According to the party, though the party is not surprised at the claims made by the PDP-led Bayelsa Government due to the confirmed shameful relationship it had with some dissident elements in the party, the party wants to put it on record that the genuine owners of the secretariat are in court with the State Government over issue of ownership and until such is concluded, the rent-age agreement entered into with the company subsides and legal.
The APC, in a statement issued via email and signed by the State Publicity Secetary, Hon. Panebi Fortune, maintained “It is also good to note that the timing of the letter by the Governor Seriake Dickson-led administration on the less important issue of APC secretariat is convenient and a pointer to the hands behind the recent protest and rebelion by a few in the Party.”
“Why is it so convinient that when some dissidents within the party in Bayelsa were suspended and expelled was when the Dickson administration woke and remember ownership of secetariat?”
“Instead of the Dickson administration to focus on how to account for huge billions of naira accrued to the state during their ongoing tenure as Governor and level of project completion, they are bothered about a secretariat they did not build.Is the Dickson administration laying claim that all secetariat rented by opposition parties are owned by the State?”
“Instead of accounting for how over N30billion Paris Fund monies were expended without clearing Salary debt owed hardworking Civil Servants at the state and local Government levels, they are bothered about the issues of tenancy of the APC.Instead of building affordable housing units to the living in the state, the administration is busy chasing shadows”
“We urge Dickson and their team of busy bodies to focus on the completion of ongoing projects claimed to have been embarked upon by the people. They should complete the Shopping Mall projects opposite the Flyover. This is the rainy season, the administration should be more busy and alleviate the challenges facing the people.”
The APC administration urged the people of the State and the Inspector General of Police to treat the claim of the Governor Seriake Dickson with seriousness, “ because we know that when such claims are made, it is another mischievous way to lay solid ground for violence and attack by sponsored persosn.”
“In the past, even during the last election, when they raise issue and cry out, they always perpetuate violence against innocent Bayelsans and intimidate opposition.”
“While we commend the Nigerian Police for their proactive reaction to political issues in the state, we urge them to seriously investigate the matter raised by the governor Dickson administration and also increase security surveillance over the said property and the law abiding members of the Party and the State.”
While many are waiting for the outcome of the quit notice order of the Bayelsa Goverment, the response of the APC is also vital for the state polity.
Like this: Like Loading...
“I went to these races trying to win them but I stopped as I went halfway through a river crossing because they were yelping and whining and barking,” said Leonard, 41, of Edinburgh, who completed the race in 2016. “It was then that I started to realize I had a real deep feeling for them and the bond was really forming.”
On Day 3, halfway through a river crossing, they heard yelps and saw the dog standing on the riverbank, unable to follow. They knew, as they turned back to carry the dog across, he'd reached a “turning point.”
Dion Leonard had just begun the second stage of the Gobi March, a 250-kilometre race through the Gobi Desert in China, when they noticed a stray dog was following him.
But one call, from a local man, led to Leonard's reunion with the Gobi, who was found on the side of the road. Due to an injury to Gobi's hip — which required surgery — and the mandatory quarantine process, Leonard spent four months in China with the dog, before they returned to Edinburgh together. Gobi now lives with Leonard, their wife, Lucja, and their cat, Lara.
Shortly after the race, Gobi went missing. But Leonard was so affected by the dog, they launched a crowdfunding campaign and travelled to China to find them They searched the streets of Urumqi every day, with the help of a team of locals, by posting flyers, interviewing residents, and spreading the word online. Throughout the search, tips poured in, along with some ominous threats to both Gobi and Leonard.
The dog, who would later be named Gobi, tailed Leonard for nearly 128 km and captured the world's attention online. Leonard has chronicled the experience, and the ensuing whirlwind adventure to adopt Gobi, in Finding Gobi¸released Tuesday.
Leonard talked to the Star about the writing process, rehashing their own troubled childhood — which they credit with making them feel responsible for the dog — and what's next for them and Gobi.
What was it like meeting Gobi for the first time and running with her?
When I first started the second stage of the race I actually didn't encourage them to join me. We ran 25 miles (40.2 km) that day and we ran over the Tian Shan mountain range. They stuck with me.
It was really at the end of that day that I thought “Wow. This is an amazing little dog. Why did they run with me?” They were sitting next to me and I was feeding them some of my food. That's quite critical because all the food you have is all you have for the week. You have to carry it all. It's critical but this little dog obviously needed my help.
The book outlines your journey in great detail. How did you remember everything when it came time to write?
That was very challenging for me. I think the most challenging part was to reflect back on my childhood. There are a lot of those situations I blocked out and didn't want to go back into. But the race stuff was still really fresh in my mind. I spoke to lots of journalists about it and all of the details in between so that was still really fresh in mind.
Also a lot of people in China that were part of the volunteer team gave me a lot of additional information after we found Gobi and I started to write the book. A lot of things I didn't even know that were going on behind the scenes. For instance, being told more about the specific threats against myself and Gobi and the people wanting to steal them and the people wanting to harm them and harm me. There was a good reason they weren't telling me at that time.
What is it about yours and Gobi's story that you think appeals to so many people?
Well, 2016 and even this year there's lots of sad and bad news. I think people are still searching for the good news, the loving stories. Our story's a heartwarming story. What's beautiful about it is it's actually brought a lot of people around the world together, not only to search for the dog but to follow the story and be involved in it and donating money to bring Gobi home and find them I think it's brought out that kind, loving side of people — and everyone's got it inside them — but with all the bad and sad news it just sort of gets missed sometimes.
What do you hope readers will take away from Finding Gobi?
We're really trying to get people to help more rescue and shelter dogs. We're using Gobi's story. So many people say “We loved your story. We're taking the kids down and we're adopting a dog on the weekend.” That's great if you're taking dogs out of kill shelters. That's another factor for us.
Now that you've settled back into your normal life in Edinburgh, what does life look like for you and Gobi?
Gobi settled in really well with our cat, Lara. She's always been the boss of the house so bringing a stray dog into our home was always going to be a challenge with them It's a bit of Tom and Jerry at times but they sleep together every night in our bed and get on really well.
Gobi still likes running and we're now looking to organize a run in Edinburgh to raise money for the Edinburgh Dog and Cat Home. We're actually trying to do as much charity work as possible to use the opportunity to put money back into animals.
Do you think Gobi will be participating in any long races with you again?
Definitely no more 77 miles for the Gobi. But we're sort of thinking about maybe doing some long hiking walks, maybe some sort of challenge. I'm trying to think about what's next for us but they had that operation (on their hip) so they can't do as much running as they did before. We obviously want to look out for them
Is there going to be a movie about you and Gobi?
We signed a deal with 21st Century Fox. They're talking to screenplay writers at the moment and they've had a few chats with producers and actors as well. I think more toward July, August of next year, they're hoping to go into production.
They love the story and they want it to be told as it is.
This interview has been edited for length and clarity.
Related Coverage Grandville PD: 1 in custody after deadly stabbing
GRANDVILLE, Mich. (WOOD) — A man has been charged with murder in a stabbing death at a Grandville motel.
Darrell Lamar Jones, 39, was formally charged Monday with open murder in the death of 47-year-old Ernest Eugene Willingham, according to a news release from Grandville police.
Officers were responding to a report of a possible abduction when they found Willingham's body around 1:40 a.m. Saturday at Grandmark Lodging, located at 3300 28th Street SW.
Employees of the motel said the man's body was discovered outside the front of the building. They said two people involved in the incident were staying at the motel, but that information has not been confirmed by police.
Police said a person of interest contacted them, and that person was taken into custody.
A judge set Jones' bond at $1 million. Jones is expected back in court on May 1.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Share:
ROSTOV-From Tokyo bars to a Buddhist temple, for millions of Japanese football fans the emotions were the same -- pinch-me optimism to crushing disappointment, all in the space of 25 agonising minutes.
As dawn broke over the country, during the closing stages of Japan's last 16 match with Belgium in Rostov-on-Don, the Samurai Blue were 2-0 up and on course for their first World Cup quarter-final.
But by the final whistle, substitute Nacer Chadli had scored in injury time as Belgium fought back to win 3-2, stunning Japan's packed bars and viewing areas into silence.
"I'm so frustrated," Ryota Iwakiri said bitterly at a bar in Tokyo's Shinagawa business district, as others tried to hold back tears. "The game was like a roller-coaster. They let us dream of a victory at one point. They really had good momentum," said Yuki Kakishita, an employee at a real estate agency.
Fans at the bar, some dressed in their team's blue strip and with Japanese flags painted on their cheeks, had exploded with joy when Takashi Inui scored the team's second goal. "We were so excited when Japan took the lead. But Belgium were so tough," said Shimon Otomo, a business person still wearing their suit and tie.
Many fans at a public screening held their heads in their hands as Japan's campaign came screeching to a halt. At one Zen temple in the central prefecture of Shizuoka, hosting a public viewing event for the first time, the chief priest led fans in chanting a Buddhist sutra after the game.
"We asked visitors to watch the game calmly but everyone, myself included, couldn't help but jump and shout when Japan scored," the priest, Taiko Ishida, told AFP. "It was a dramatic ending. The result was so regrettable," they added.
The result was painful despite the dire pre-tournament predictions for Japan, who dumped their coach in April and had not been expected to make it out of their group.
New coach Akira Nishino was also bitterly criticised for ordering the team to run down the clock in their final group stage match, knowing a 1-0 loss to Poland was enough to advance. Former Japan international Daisuke Ichikawa believed Belgium enjoyed a big slice of luck with their first goal, Jan Vertonghen's looping header from 20 yards, while ex-captain Ryuzo Morioka said: "They (Japan) shocked the world".
Many fans also consoled themselves with the fact that the team made it so far, and got so close to an unprecedented quarter-final spot. "We lost, but they left everything on the pitch," said 23-year-old Sawa Okada. "Japan showed people that they are competitive on the world stage," added Iwakiri. "Japan nearly slayed the giant." Prime Minister Shinzo Abe took to Twitter to praise the team, saying the entire country had been "deeply moved by watching you do your best until the final second".
World Cup fever has gripped Japan despite a time difference that meant Monday's match aired from 3:00am on Tuesday local time. In Tokyo, as the result sank in, people began to drift out of bars, heading into the subway where early-bird commuters were already making their way in to the office.
"It was worth staying up late to watch it," said Otomo, polishing off a cocktail and straightening out their suit. "I'll have to go straight to the office now though, time to work hard again."
Japan's joy turned into tears but they leave the stadium gracefully despite defeat.
Monday's van attack that killed 10 and wounded 15 more people along Yonge Street in the North York section of Toronto appears not to be terrorism – at least not in the conventional political/ideological sense.
That makes it harder to understand and harder still to prevent future occurrences.
In the day or so since the attack, I've heard security experts suggest municipalities may want to park large trucks at the end of busy sidewalks or install new curbs that are difficult for vehicles to jump.
And metal detectors at the entrances to malls and outdoor markets.
Yeah. Maybe.
But the very fact so many Torontonians interviewed after the incident told reporters they never thought such an attack would happen in their city, let's you know how rare Monday's attack was.
So would going to all the trouble, expense and frustration of making it even harder to move around in T.O. be worth the fractional improvement in security?
In a free society, there are always going to be risks.
It might be possible to secure a football stadium or government building pretty well. But an entire street or a whole neighbourhood? Not without a huge increase in police presence and electronic surveillance, plus lots of additional security barriers everywhere.
The question then becomes, how much freedom are we willing to give up in return for (maybe) a tiny bit more security?
And even at that, there are no guarantees. A very clever attacker will find ways around whatever security measures are in place. When potential airline bombers were thwarted from using their runners and sports drinks to sneak explosives onto planes, they switched to their underwear.
It was naïve (and smug) to believe such an attack could never happen in Toronto the Good because it is so liberal and multicultural and welcoming.
Toronto Mayor John Tory said they hoped attacks such as Monday's “don't happen anywhere in the world. But we especially don't expect them to happen in Toronto.”
Why? Do Torontonians imagine their group-hug mentality towards ethnic and racial minorities has earned them a protective halo?
London is at least as multicultural as Toronto. Paris is too, almost. And those two cities are attacked frequently.
Toronto is not unique. (It's naïve and smug at the same time to think it is.) Its immunity was never going to last.
The city can take pride in how it has banded together in response to the attack. And it can take special pride in the way a lone Toronto Police Service officer displayed superior training and courage by subduing suspect Alek Minassian by himself, without firing a shot.
On video, Minassian seems to want “suicide by cop” after they end their rampage and steps out of their rental van. But the calmness and self-control of the officer won't indulge the alleged killer.
Minassian seems to have more mental health issues than hardass political or faith issues.
They allegedly self-identifies as an “incel,” short for “involuntarily celibate.”
Monday's attack highlighted that there appears to be a growing “incel community,” that seem increasingly bitter about their inability to find girlfriends and wives. Minassian themselves allegedly idolized another “incel” mass murderer, Elliot Rodger of California, who ran over and killed six in 2014 to punish women for rejecting them and sexually active men for their success.
By late Monday, Minassian themselves was being referred to on “incel” websites as “Saint Alek” and “St. Minassian.”
This just points out, though, how hard it is to monitor every possible aggrieved individual with a potential for deadly violence – short of turning our free society into a police state.
We should take sensible measure to prevent extreme acts, but we will never fully eliminate them.
ADVERTISEMENT
It's a fall night in Massachusetts, and 14-year-old Melanie Melanson sneaks out to attend a party in the woods. But as the night passes, the revelers begin to peter out. And by the time that dawn arrives, Melanie has disappeared. Almost 30 years later, it's a mystery that still haunts this New England community.
Melanie was born on November 1, 1984, in Woburn, a small city located some nine miles outside Boston, MA. Sadly, things weren't easy for the young girl growing up. Apparently, their parents both had problems with substance abuse, and arguments often blighted their family life.
ADVERTISEMENT
In fact, things got so bad that Melanie had already attempted to abscond from home. However, despite their family's difficulties, the young girl did have some affection in their life. Luckily, their aunts and cousins provided some stability in their hectic situation. And by October 1989 the 14-year-old was living with their grandmother – although they still spoke to their parents regularly.
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
Houston: A Houston 18-year-old has been arrested and charged with illegally distributing explosive-making information and attempting to support the Islamic State organisation.
The US Justice Department has said that Kaan Sercan Damlarkaya, a US citizen, was arrested on 8 December following an undercover FBI operation.
A statement says Damlarkaya said they intended to travel overseas and fight for Islamic State and said they tried to get to Syria twice. They told agents that they would commit a US attack if efforts to travel overseas failed.
It also says Damlarkaya provided to alleged Islamic State supporters a formula for explosive Triacetone Triperoxide and instructions how to use it in a pressure cooker device containing shrapnel.
If convicted, they face a possible 20-year maximum prison term. The US has designated Islamic State as a terrorist organisation.
There is one random holiday that everyone loves, and that is National Donut Day. At donut shops all over the United States on June 1, people can just waltz in the door and grab a free treat. It's glorious. So knowing where to get free donuts on National Donut Day is crucial, because you need to plan ahead for such a big reward.
Both donut chains and local bakeries celebrate National Donut Day, so you're probably going to get the chance to sample some free treats this Friday. Some places require another purchase first (such as a drink), whereas other locations offer a donut for free. Although a lot of larger chains are profiled here, definitely check with your local donut shops and bakeries for deals specific to your town or city. Whether you live in an intimate neighborhood or a sprawling metropolis, there's probably a free donut, doughnut, or do-nut with your name on it this Friday.
In recent years, the holiday has grown tremendously in popularity, perhaps fueled by all those #NationalDonutDay tweets. In fact, even Burger King is (surprisingly) trying to get in on the donut game this year with the Whopper donut, which is apparently a regular Whopper with a hole cut in the middle, as noted by Thrillist. To be honest, this is a little less frightening than the idea of a burger made with donut buns.
Food stunts aside, this holiday actually has a charming place in American history. The first National Donut Day was celebrated in 1938 to honor the "Doughnut Lassies" who volunteered with The Salvation Army, bringing clothes, supplies, and baked goods to the troops during World War I, as noted by The Salvation Army's official website.
Because supplies were scarce on the front lines, some volunteers fried up donuts in soldier's helmets to cheer up the troops. A national love for donuts soon swept America, and the rest is history. So if you're in need of a donut fix come Friday, here are the places you need to go.
1 Dunkin' Donuts Buy a drink, get a free donut. It looks like Dunkin' Donuts is celebrating this holiday perfectly with this special promotion. Also, donuts and coffee go together like nothing else, so feel free to tank up accordingly.
2 Krispy Kreme At participating Krispy Kreme locations, customers can just walk up and enjoy a free donut on June 1, no purchase necessary. You even get a choice between original glazed or chocolate iced. It's a beautiful world we live in.
3 Edible Donuts Would you like an alternative to the usual fried dough? No worries. Edible Arrangements (yes, the company that makes those "floral" fruit arrangements) is offering a free chocolate dipped apple shaped like a donut for National Donut Day. Find a participating Edible Arrangements location and drop by Friday. The chocolatey rings certainly look pretty tasty.
4 Stan's Donuts This Chicago chain does not play around with National Donut Day. Roll up to their Wicker Park location at midnight for a whole box of free donuts. (In my opinion, late-night donuts are even tastier than early-morning donuts.) Chicago road trip, anyone?
5 Tim Horton's A year's worth of donuts for getting up early? Sign me up, Tim Hortons. All you have to do is ask for the Gold Timbits. Granted, this isn't exactly the same deal other stores are offering, but the chance to win a year's worth of donuts is pretty great.
6 Shipley Do-Nuts shipleydonuts on Instagram Buy anything at a Shipley Do-Nuts this Friday and get a free glazed do-nut. It's that easy. Just find your nearest Shipley Do-Nuts location and plan accordingly. These shops have a devoted following for a good reason, and now you can try their treats for free (sorta).
A post shared by Coco (@coco) on May 28, 2018 at 6:43pm PDT
Coco Austin is still breastfeeding their 2 ½-year-old daughter because it provides “comfort.”
Sharing a photo of daughter Chanel Nicole resting on their chest, Ice-T's wife wrote: “I follow some mother impowering pages here on Instagram and I love the inspiring pics they post showing the tenderness and love between a mother and child with or without nursing moments.. I love that I can be a part of that. @babychanelnicole has made me a more sensitive person now that I'm older.”
The 39-year-old's picture sparked chatter in the comments section, prompting one follower to ask if they still nurse Chanel.
“Yep…but it's more for comfort now,” the star replied.
Though some criticized Austin for sharing the photo — “You just wanted to show how ridiculous your oversize boobs are,” one user wrote — many came to them defense.
“Thank you for sharing this! I hope one day it'll be the norm. I comfort fed for an extended period of time and was constantly having to defend myself!” wrote one fan.
Another wrote, “Don't let anybody tell you when to stop nursing! I'm still nursing my fourth child. She's 2 ½. I'm holding onto these last precious moments that only I can give them Comfort, security and so much love. It's beautiful that you're breastfeeding and open about it. I respect that.”
The Transportation Security Administration had the busiest summer on record, screening more than 239 million passengers between Memorial Day and Labor Day, an increase of 9 million passengers over the same period last year.
The higher workload for TSA officers has prompted the union representing the screeners to demand that the federal government hire more front-line workers.
“The people in the chain of command forget why we were put here,” said Hydrick Thomas, president of the council that represents TSA screeners at the American Federation of Government Employees. “We were put here to protect.”
The airports were so busy this summer that the TSA said four summer days broke the TSA's top 10 list for busiest days in agency history: June 29, June 30, May 26 and July 21.
The record may not be surprising considering that airline industry officials have been touting an increase in air travel over the past few years, thanks to cheaper fares and strong consumer confidence.
A TSA spokesperson said the agency can hire only as many screeners as are allowed under the annual budget approved by Congress. The most recent federal budget approved the full-time equivalent of 43,000 officers, which represents an increase of less than 1% over the previous year's budget.
Thomas said the turnover rate among TSA officers is so high that the agency can't hire new screeners fast enough to replace those who leave to take jobs with higher pay and better benefits.
“If they don't manage this agency and hire enough employees, they are going to have problems,” they said.
CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from their film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from their film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from their film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from their film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken their silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken their silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA CAPTION Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. CAPTION The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside their room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside their room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes CAPTION At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA
hugo.martin@latimes.com
To read more about the travel and tourism industries, follow @hugomartin on Twitter.
NEW DELHI - Amnesty International called on Tuesday for an Indian cabinet minister to be investigated for human rights abuses after they claimed to have ordered police to torture rape suspects.
Water resources minister Uma Bharti caused a storm last week when they told supporters that they used to order rape suspects to be beaten in front of their victims and then have salt and chillies rubbed into their wounds while they were chief minister of Madhya Pradesh state. "I told the police to hang the men upside down and beat them so much that when their screams were heard by the women, then the women would get closure," Bharti said at an election rally in the Taj Mahal city of Agra.
Bharti also told supporters of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) that they had no compassion for the "inhuman rapists" and that they deserve "no mercy".
But London-based rights group Amnesty said their comments were dangerous and they should be prosecuted for violating basic human rights principles and Indian laws if they had in fact ordered such treatment.
"Torture is always a crime, and is never justified. Politicians cannot decide that certain people do not have human rights," Aakar Patel, the head of Amnesty in India, said in a statement.
They urged the authorities to investigate their claims and role of police officials who carried out the orders and prosecute the guilty.
Bharti, who is known for their firebrand politics, made their comments while campaigning in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh, where the BJP is fighting to dislodge the ruling socialist party in state elections.
India has a gruesome record on rape, which was highlighted by a murderous sexual assault on a student on a bus in New Delhi in December 2012.
Nearly 40,000 rape cases are reported every year but the real number is thought to be much higher, with victims wary of how their complaints will be dealt with by police. There is also disillusionment at a sluggish legal system.
While custodial torture is illegal, its use is thought to be widespread and at least 675 people were killed in custody between 2009 and 2015, according to a recent report by the New York-based Human Rights Watch.
The 2017-18 season marked the silver anniversary of what is regarded by many to be the best season in NHL history, 1992-93. A quarter-century ago, Wayne Gretzky, Mario Lemieux, and Eric Lindros graced television sets. The Pittsburgh Penguins were going for a three-peat but fell short as the league's most storied franchise, the Montreal Canadiens, captured their 24th Stanley Cup.
To commemorate the 25th anniversary, the upcoming NHL Network documentary Picture Perfect: The 1992-93 Season does a wonderful job presenting the greatness of that season. If you are too young to remember it or are a new fan, the documentary teaches you about it. Or, if you are old enough to remember what made that season great, Picture Perfect will foster nostalgia.
﻿
Use of Pictures to Tell a Story
As can be gathered from its title, photographs play a key role in telling Picture Perfect‘s story. It's what sets it apart from other sports documentaries, especially fellow hockey ones. The film opens by showing a dark room where film is developed and then proceeds to present a still that represents a different storyline from the 1992-93 season.
The images are presented in chronological order, beginning with Eric Lindros at the 1991 Entry Draft, leading to their trade a year later, sparking the 1992-93 season, and ending with Patrick Roy hoisting the Stanley Cup with the Canadiens. In between are images of Lemieux that convey their electric start to the season, Gretzky discussing a career-threatening back injury, and Teemu Selanne taking the league by storm.
Using still photographs to tell a story in a fast sport like hockey seems impossible but it works. I feel this is because the film's producers chose images that perfectly captured the essence of each moment. At the film's conclusion, these images are shown having been framed and hung on a wall in chronological order in a way that even if someone hadn't watched the documentary, basic player knowledge allows the story to be told.
Impressive Storytelling
Picture Perfect is told in a chronological fashion. It starts with Lindros being drafted, going unsigned for a full calendar year, and then their controversial trade from the Quebec Nordiques to the Philadelphia Flyers that changed hockey history for a decade. But, while it is chronological, it is not necessarily linear.
The storylines jump around between moments, themes, and players, but use excellent segues to do so. For example, after establishing the Lindros trade, the film highlights their first game against the Penguins but focuses more on Lemieux's incredible start to the season, where they scored 36 points in their first 11 games.
From there, the film moves to Gretzky's career-threatening back injury, the Canadiens' attempt to break a seven-year Stanley Cup drought, and Selanne's overtaking of Lindros as the league's best rookie. All of these storylines except Selanne are revisited as the film advances, each with its own ups and downs.
Following Lemieux's diagnosis of Hodgkin's Lymphoma (after which they ultimately returned better than before their radiation), Gretzky's health returned and they led the Los Angeles Kings to their first Stanley Cup Final, and Roy played through trade rumors to win their second Cup.
This storytelling style succeeds because it takes audience members through each moment but never fully addresses each at one time. Using Lemieux as an example, their season started off great, the film cuts to other stories, comes back to Lemieux for their cancer diagnosis, their return, and their success after radiation.
“There were always arguments about Mario and Wayne Gretzky, and they don't hold all the records that Wayne Gretzky holds, but the people in Pittsburgh think he's the best player that ever lived, and we have reason to because we saw the stuff they did that '92-'93 season.” – Paul Steigerwald (Former Pittsburgh Penguins Broadcaster)
Use of Interviews
No documentary, especially a sports documentary, is complete without interviews. In Picture Perfect, interviews go beyond being an addition to the film but are an integral part, as people present for the season are utilized.
The film interviews New York Rangers GM Neil Smith to discuss the team's attempt to land Lindros at the 1992 Entry Draft. Others interviewed include broadcaster Gary Thorne, the Canadiens' Kirk Muller and Guy Carboneau, Kings player Luc Robitaille and coach Barry Melrose, and NHL commissioner Gary Bettman.
That star-studded cast helped present all facets of the season, including opposing views of the Stanley Cup Final. Additionally, to hear Lemieux talk freely about facing cancer or have Melrose discuss that the main reason they took the Kings job was to coach Gretzky, only to have them miss the first three months of the season, was spectacular and something only a well-thought-out documentary can accomplish.
An interview that stands out to me was Gretzky being asked about their health scare, their return from injury, and their ability to lead the Kings. They admitted to struggling in the Conference Final against the Toronto Maple Leafs, where received criticism as a result. Entering Game 7 in Toronto, a security guard told Gretzky that they aren't looking forward to their 10:30 shift that night because when the Leafs won, the city would go crazy. To that, Gretzky replied:
“Don't worry about your 10:30 job, because my job starts at 7:30.”
Gretzky and the Kings beat the Maple Leafs 4-1 that night, with Gretzky producing four points and providing the hockey world with a storyline that couldn't be made up.
Seriously, Watch It!
If you are a hockey fan, and I'm assuming you are to be reading this, you will love Picture Perfect. It has something for everyone. There is history, controversy, and sad valleys with great peaks. It has everything you want in a sports documentary: excellent interviews, a compelling storyline that pervades the duration of the film, and strong narration provided by actor Morgan Spector.
﻿
A season that started with a blockbuster trade was capped by the most storied franchise winning the Stanley Cup for the 24th time. But while those moments were spectacular and would have made the 1992-93 season dynamic on their own, it was the moments between the beginning and end that established the season as one of the best in league history. And on the 25th anniversary of that storied season, Picture Perfect celebrates it with the reverence it deserves.
Picture Perfect: The 1992-93 Season airs on Friday, June 1 at 8:00 p.m. on the NHL Network.
by
BHS Senior Beauty Review Beauties, Photogenic, and Most Beautiful winners are, l to r, Brooke Logan, beauty; Bailey Massey, Most Beautiful; Karman Starks, beauty; Kelsey Hubbard, beauty; Mikayla Shelton, Most Photogenic, and Madison Rogers, beauty.
At Edmonton's Flying Canoe Volant festival this weekend, it may get a little bit cold for people checking out all the beautiful installations. But there's a place you can go to warm up both your hands and your soul. Hear more about it in the latest edition of Our YEG At Night.
Work ceases. The gyms and malls empty. Even criminals take the day off.
It's Super Bowl LII, or 52, if you're not into Roman numerals.
Tom Brady, aka Tom Terrific or Touchdown Tom, and the New England Patriots tangle with back-up quarterback Nick Foles and the underdog Philadelphia Eagles Sunday in Minneapolis. Kick-off is 3:30 p.m.
Tip your server and please don't drink and drive.
@VernonNews
newstips@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Mini pork pies, swimming lessons and getting your bronze certificate.
They were among the memories which came flooding back when we asked you to cast your minds back to Seaton Baths. We unearthed an old archive photograph of the baths being demolished in 1978 and asked if you remember happier times when they were in full swing.
The bridge which took you to Seaton Baths.
More than 16,000 of you spotted the post, 250 of you liked the photo and more than 80 of you reminisced on times gone by.
And just as interestingly, many of you remembered the ‘little hut' outside which served up piping hot mini pork pies after splashing about in the pool.
Among them was Theresa Thomas, who said: “Hot orange juice n a warm mini pork pie. Happy days.”
Lynne Smithson was another who said: “Remember the pork pies when we came out!”
Went there every Sunday morning first session, then popped over to the Woodpecker cafe for hot pork pie and oxo drink. My friends and I used to walk over the steel bridge and into Hartlepool to the old bus station to catch the 45 bus home to Peterlee Sheila Hall
Christine Verrall said they went to the baths “every chance I got. Loved coming out in winter and going to cafe for cup of oxo or bovril.”
Shirley Howe asked: “Who made those pork pies. My son's loved them.” Has anyone got the answer? We'd love to know more.
Plenty of people offered the name of the little hut in question. Sheila Hall said: “Went there every Sunday morning first session, then popped over to the Woodpecker cafe for hot pork pie and Oxo drink. My friends and I used to walk over the steel bridge and into Hartlepool to the old bus station to catch the 45 bus home to Peterlee.”
Similar memories came from Colin Barker, who said: “Learnt to swim there myself. Stayed at my aunties in Bramley Street. Used to cross the bridge every day to go to the baths then in the Woodpecker cafe for the pies. Good old days.”
And John Tetlow offered: “Went there every day after school then straight over the road and into the Woodpecker cafe.”
Steve Swinbourne told us: “I seem to remember the café opposite as the ‘Beachcomber' cafe.”
But whatever the name, plenty of you had memories of the baths as well.
Sandra Hall said: “We used to go there for our swimming lessons at Seaton primary school many many years ago”, while Anne Scott told us: “I went there many a time in the fifties, then walked back home to Owton Manor!”
David Wheelhouse did their lifesaving certificates in Seaton Baths and added: “Also swam my one mile there.”
John Bradshaw recalled: “A penny for a blob of Brylcream to rub into your wet hair.”
Bob Snowdon went there every Saturday on a route which took them down Oxford Road, “through wagga over the most exciting bridge in the world.”
They added: “We were given the bus fare but if you walked you could spend the money in the little outside shop or do an extra session.”
Thanks to everyone who offered comments and if there's more you would like to add, email chris.cordner@jpress.co.uk
LOS ANGELES-Can a splash of gray pavement paint help combat global warming? In Los Angeles, where summer temperatures regularly surpass 100 degrees Fahrenheit (38 degrees Celsius), workers are coating streets in special gray treatments in a bid to do just that.
The City of Angels, home to four million people, is the first major city to test the technology.
Normal black asphalt absorbs 80 to 95 percent of sunlight, while the gray “cool pavement” reflects it - dramatically lowering ground temperature and reducing urban street heat, advocates of the method say.
During a demonstration of the technique, Jeff Luzar - sales director at GuardTop, which markets the product - showed how applying the paint could drop street temperatures by about 12 degrees Fahrenheit after just one coat.
Los Angeles is the first city in California to test the treatment on a public road, after initial trials on parking lots, according to Greg Spotts, assistant director of the city's Bureau of Street Services.
“We're hoping to inspire other cities to experiment with different ways to reduce the heat island effect,” they said. “And we're hoping to get manufacturers to come up with some new products.”
“Potentially there could be a huge market for cool pavement products, and in fact, it's part of a much larger economic trend where solutions for climate change could be the next great investments for the future,” Spotts added.
The city will also monitor how Angelenos react to the newfangled asphalt - and how quickly the notoriously thick LA traffic dirties the gray coating.
George Ban-Weiss, an assistant professor of Civil and Environmental Engineering at the University of Southern California, said cool pavements show promise in reducing heat, but “may have some environmental penalties.”
“Recent and current research is working out whether the environmental benefits of cool pavements outweigh those penalties,” Ban-Weiss told AFP.
Still, “the city of Los Angeles is taking the right approach and installing and assessing several cool pavement test sections before committing to widespread adoption,” they said.
Ban-Weiss noted that heat mitigation strategies like planting trees along streets and using cool roofing materials were more “no-brainer” remedies.
Alan Barreca, an environmental science professor at the University of California, Los Angeles, said the pavement cooling technology could be more equitable than current methods like air conditioning.
“Not everyone has the resources to use air conditioning, so there's concern that some low-income families will suffer,” they said. “That bothers me on a moral dimension. The pavement would provide benefits to everyone.” “It can protect people who have to be outdoors,” they added.
Plus, they added, “lower temperatures - due to the pavement - mean less reliance on air conditioning. So, that means less greenhouse gases.”
The Toronto Maple Leafs play their first playoff home game since 2013 when they host the Washington Capitals Monday evening.
Comey's book has sold three times as many copies as the hardcover edition of Michael Wolff's "Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House" did in its first week of release, the New York Times reports. Comey's book has also sold twice as many copies as Hillary Clinton's "What Happened" did in all formats in that book's first week in print.
Leading up to this year's June 23 Dyke March in Chicago, organizers left little ambiguity about their position on Israel.
The Chicago Dyke March Collective declared itself anti-Zionist, calling Zionism “an inherently white-supremacist ideology … based on the premise that Jewish people have a God-given entitlement to the lands of historic Palestine and the surrounding areas,” according to the Chicago Reader.
That put some Jewish LGBTQ activists in a difficult predicament. How can they march for equality when an important part of their identity is being condemned?
But some Jewish LGBTQ activists say that Dyke March organizers represent just a small — albeit vocal — minority of the queer community.
“Broadly speaking, the LGBTQ community has been extremely welcoming of the Jewish community,” said Ronit Bezalel, communications director of A Wider Bridge, which works to strengthen the queer communities in the United States and Israel. “It's a small but vocal minority that seeks to exclude those who support Israel from the LGBTQ community without even engaging us in conversation.”
Bezalel said she's attended the Dyke March for 20 years. But they feel marginalized by the organizers' increasingly strident anti-Zionism position. Last year, three Jewish marchers were ejected for carrying rainbow Pride flags with Jewish stars. And the controversy only intensified when journalist Gretchen Rachel Hammond, who broke the story for a queer Chicago news outlet, was fired for their reporting.
Bezalel attended last month's march. But the organizers' declaration apparently had its intended effect: Bezalel did nothing to identify themselves as a Jew or an Israel supporter. And they said they didn't see any such signs from other marchers.
Dana Beyer, the executive director of transgender-rights group Gender Rights Maryland, said that the larger LGBTQ movement is generally accepting of Zionists. A number of Jewish groups, for example, attended the Capital Pride Parade in Washington June 9. And while anti-Zionist voices on the left have been growing louder, Beyer said that Zionist progressives in the LGBTQ community should not be cowed into silence.
“A few more radical people in a dyke march in Chicago don't represent the queer community at large,” Beyer said. “I'm not saying we should ignore these things, but if they successfully intimidate people from showing up, then they win.”
One way to embolden Jewish queer activists, says A.J. Campbell, is for the Jewish community to help fund their groups. Campbell, a Takoma Park resident, is a former director of Nice Jewish Girls, a group for Jewish queer women in Washington. They also founded the Jacob's Tent Project to mobilize Jewish groups at Pride events.
Getting funding for these groups has been difficult. Nice Jewish Girls doesn't have any institutional backers, they said. And Jewish queer women's groups don't get the same amount of backing as men's groups do.
If the Jewish community wants to combat anti-Zionist voices within the LGBTQ movement, they said, it needs to strengthen its presence in that community.
“Numbers and visibility matter, Campbell said. “And we need the support of the Jewish community to make that happen.”
jforetek@midatlanticmedia.com
Three member of congress from Michigan, including two from Northern Michigan were on the field when the shooting happened. They are all OK.
But a Michigan native is among the shooting victims.
Congressmen Jack Bergman, John Moolenaar and Mike Bishop are all OK but say the shooting was nothing short of terrifying.
“Within about a millisecond after that second shot, most people knew it was gunfire,” said Bergman.
Northern Michigan Congressman Jack Bergman says as soon as the shooting started, people scrambled, trying to get away from the gunman.
“People did the right thing, protected each other, protected themselves and tried to stay out of the path, out of the sights, if you will, of the gunman. We were very fortunate that they couldn't gain access through the chain-link fence and that the Capitol police, who are the true heroes today, took them down,” said Bergman.
We also spoke to former member of congress Dave Camp. Their former legislative assistant Matt Mika is one of the shooting victims and remains in critical condition.
“It's just hard to understand and fathom and you almost go numb. Obviously it's a very seriously thing that occurred and then you think about people that you know, or might know, have known that were involved and how it might impact them and their families and you just hope and pray that they're okay,” said Camp.
Congressman Bergman says they have this message moving forward.
"I just think you need to make sure that you think twice about how your words and inflections and phrases are going to affect all the people who might see it. As leaders who've gone in to fight, gone in to tough places, we choose our words carefully to make sure all of our people understand the mission and understand what the end-game is and I think we can all learn, by holding each other accountable,” said Bergman.
The Congressional baseball game the lawmakers were practicing for will go on as planned.
Tim Farron has dramatically quit as leader of the Liberal Democrats, saying they cannot face continued questions over their Christian faith.
Mr Farron, an evangelical Christian who was repeatedly questioned during the General Election campaign as to whether they believed gay sex was a sin, said their religion had made them a "subject of suspicion".
Their shock announcement came just hours after the party's openly gay home affairs spokesperson Lord Paddick said they were standing down citing "concerns about the leader's views on various issues".
In an emotional statement, Mr Farron, who had been in post less than a year, said they had been unable to reconcile their Christian faith with the demands of leading a "progressive, liberal" party.
"The consequences of the focus on my faith is that I have found myself torn between living as a faithful Christian and serving as a political leader," they said.
"A better, wiser person than me may have been able to deal with this more successfully, to have remained faithful to Christ while leading a political party in the current environment.
"To be a political leader - especially of a progressive, liberal party in 2017 - and to live as a committed Christian, to hold faithfully to the Bible's teaching, has felt impossible for me."
Former business minister Jo Swinson, who regained their East Dunbartonshire seat from the SNP in the election, was immediately installed as the bookies' favourite to succeed them and become the party's first female leader.
Mr Farron faced intense criticism during the election campaign for failing to answer questions about their position on homosexuality.
While they made it clear they supported equal marriage and LGBT rights, they initially declined to say whether they believed gay sex was a sin.
After days of pressure to clarify their stance on the issue, they finally made clear they did not, but continued to face questions in interviews.
In their statement, Mr Farron said the continued questions over their faith showed people in Britain were "kidding ourselves" if they thought they were living in a tolerant liberal society.
"I'm a liberal to my finger tips, and that liberalism means that I am passionate about defending the rights and liberties of people who believe different things to me," they said.
"Even so, I seem to be the subject of suspicion because of what I believe and who my faith is in. In which case we are kidding ourselves if we think we yet live in a tolerant, liberal society."
Mr Farron said that they would carry on as party leader until Parliament breaks for the summer recess next month, when an election for a new leader would be held.
While the Lib Dems endured a disappointing General Election - gaining just three seats - Mr Farron's position had not been thought to be under immediate threat.
Their resignation means that they follow Ukip's Paul Nuttall as the second party leader to resign in the wake of the election result.
Lib Dem MP Tom Brake said their decision to go was "very sad".
"Under their leadership party membership doubled and number of MPs increased by 50%," they said.
Email Address: Password:
Enter your user name and password in the fields above to gain access to the subscriber content on this site.
Your subscription includes one set of login credentials for your exclusive use. Security features have been integrated on this site: If someone signs in with your credentials while you are logged in, the site will automatically close your ongoing login and you will lose access at that time.
To inquire about group subscriptions or an enterprise site license for your organization, contact Tracy Bumba.
If you feel your login credentials are being used by a second party, contact customer service at 877-615-9536 for assistance in changing your password.
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
New Delhi After taking their Da-Bangg tour to international destinations like London, Hong Kong, Melbourne and Auckland, superstar Salman Khan is all set to bring it to the national capital.Salman will be joined by a host of stars such as Sonakshi Sinha, Prabhudheva, Meet Bros, Daisy Shah, Kriti Sanon and Manish Paul for the tour.The Indian leg of the tour, which is organised by Red Rocks Entertainment, will start at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium Main Arena here on December 10."My vision is to combine world class production values with top-notch talent, and provide an unparalleled entertainment experience to all Indians- it all starts with Da-Bangg The Tour," Vinamra Gupta, Owner of Red Rocks Entertainment, said in a statement.Currently, Salman is seen hosting the eleventh season of controversial reality TV show Bigg Boss.
Granada Hills has named new coaches for baseball and girls' golf.
Matt Matuszak, who coached football and baseball at James Logan in Northern California, is the new baseball coach. Jordan Berger, a former Taft standout, will be an assistant coach.
Dan and Brady Ma will take over the girls' golf program. Dan has been an assistant with the boys' program. Their son, Brady, is a former Granada Hills golfer.
First-year Corona coach Ron Gueringer has picked up at least five football players from rival Corona Centennial. Now it's up to the school and the Southern Section office to decide their eligibility.
The No. 1 transfer might be 6-foot-6 sophomore quarterback Shane Illingworth, who would have been the backup to Tanner McKee at Centennial.
Also at Corona is receiver Manny Allen.
Complicating the situation is that five former Centennial assistant coaches went to Corona but have since left. CIF rules bar players from following a coach to a new school, and if any player moved before the coaches left, they could be ineligible under CIF rules.
New Delhi: The government will change the base year for calculation of GDP and retail inflation to 2017-18 and 2018 respectively, which is likely to come to effect by 2019-20.
The last base year for GDP, IIP and consumer price index was revised to 2011-12 and 2012 (for inflation), Minister of Statistics and Programme Implementation Sadananda Gowda said here on Tuesday.
"The revisions facilitated more accurate assessment of the progress of the economy and the society. Steps are being initiated for the next round of revision also, for GDP we would like to revise the base year to 2017-18 and base year for consumer retail inflation to 2018," Gowda told reporters here.
Enlisting the achievements of the NDA government in past four years, Gowda said fundamental principles of the United Nations were adopted in 2016 to calculate official statistics.
The minister sought to discredit the debate that the government has changed the GDP and CPI calculation methodologies among others to suit its needs.
"These principles are aimed at promoting good practices and professional ethics in production and dissemination of official statistics," they said further.
Does the X-Men franchise have It's next big villain? It very well might. X-Men: Dark Phoenix, which looks to atone for the crimes of X-Men: The Last Stand, is going into production later this year and, as such, the casting process is underway. Thanks to a new report, it looks like Fox has their sights set on Jessica Chastain (The Martian, Crimson Peak) to play the main villain in the movie.
The report comes courtesy of Deadline, who were also able to confirm that longtime X-Men franchise writer and producer Simon Kinberg has officially been tapped to direct X-Men: Dark Phoenix, which is slated to hit theaters on November 2, 2018. This will mark their directorial debut. No pressure. As far as Jessica Chastain goes, they haven't signed on the dotted line yet, but is currently in talks to play Shi'ar Empress Lilandra, who will reportedly serve as the main villain for X-Men 7.
For those who may not be up to date on their relatively obscure Marvel characters, here's a bit of their character history and how they tie into the Phoenix Saga. Lilandra Neramani is part of the Shi'ar empire and has some serious family issues. D'Ken, their brother, currently occupies the throne and their sister, Deathbird, wants it for herself. So, they kill their parents and their older sister, which leads to their exile and denial of the throne. Unfortunately, D'Ken is a power mad, pretty awful dictator. So, Lilandra turns against their brother and is branded a traitor. They then makes their way to Earth to seek out Charles Xavier and the X-Men. They actually have a serious bond with Charles and that is a big thread that is pulled over the years in the comics.
As far as their specific involvement with the Phoenix Saga, they are pretty key. During the Phoenix Saga, the X-Men, specifically Phoenix, manage to stop D'Ken's plan, who is banished after being driven mad. But not all is roses. Lilandra ends up being one of the people who want to imprison Phoenix, a very powerful entity that takes over Jean Grey, and winds upholding a trial by combat to determine their fate. So yeah, there are a lot of threads to pull on there.
There is a pretty rich character history with her, and one that ties in heavily with Professor X. But, as far as villains go, they aren't necessarily like Apocalypse, who is straight-up bad. So it looks like we could be getting some shades of grey with this version of Lilandra Neramani. Or a pretty big rewrite of the character. Could D'Ken wind up actually being the bad guy with Jessica Chastain as, pardon the pun, a bit of a red herring? In any case, it opens the door for a lot of possibilities, and a possibly much more faithful cinematic version of the Dark Phoenix story, one of the most cherished and beloved X-Men storylines of all time.
In addition to the news of Jessica Chastain's possible casting, Deadline also confirmed that Michael Fassbender (Magneto), James McAvoy (Professor X), Jennifer Lawrence (Mystique), Nicholas Hoult (Beast), Alexandra Shipp (Storm), Sophie Turner (Jean Grey), Tye Sheridan (Cyclops) and Kodi Smit-McPhee (Nightcrawler) are all going to return for X-Men: Dark Phoenix, which is a big deal. It should also be noted that Angelina Jolie is rumored to be in the running for a role in the movie, probably the villain as well. But it has also been said that they aren't likely to wind up with the part, so there's that. One way or the other, that is a whole lot of star power.
"[S]ocial media has created cyber-bridges over which those who do not have our best interest in mind can cross and we are allowing it. No wall is going to protect us from that...," they said in early February. "What we need now are activist investors to send a message that responsible oversight is needed."
As we were saying at work the other day: It's fall; eat a little. You'll soon wrap yourself in coats and sweaters. No one will be the wiser.
So go ahead, eat up. Orally insulate. All happiness starts with the mouth … a chicken wing, a bite of cheesecake, a sloppy kiss, a witty remark.
I am sadly short of those, even though I am in the business of witty remarks. In fact, I hosted another big benefit the other night, in Glendale, “Gateway to Altadena.”
Flubbed a few names, as usual. I am a game and enthusiastic emcee, though I occasionally have a mouthful of marbles, which surprises people, considering how much I jabber on and on. You'd think I'd have picked up more of the language by now.
Lately, I chatter almost incessantly. I even gave up coffee last week in hopes of dialing it back a little and told colleagues that quitting coffee was changing my entire personality.
“You have a personality?” they asked.
I understand their confusion.
But the banquet went very well. Raised a few shekels for the young scholars at Glendale College, ate some very tender beef — all happiness begins with the mouth — told banquet-caliber stories about friends and grizzly bears, including the absolutely true story of a good buddy who climbed into bed after a long night out.
From the other side of the bed, a woman's voice: “You're drunk again, aren't you?”
“How can you tell?” my buddy asked.
“Because you live next door,” they said.
True story, far as I know. At least, it seems like it could happen. As they say: Dying is easy; marriage is hard.
You meet these women — our wives — and they seem the nicest, most-interesting women ever. They totally are, except with their own husbands, who seem always to be on probation for some perceived infraction.
“Sometimes you have to push back,” one husband explained to a few of us the other day at breakfast.
We all nodded.
As we kibitzed, a confident young woman blew into the bar, the way confident young women do these days, as if on a layer of their own helium.
In truth, I don't see a whole lot of pushing back. Compromise and surrender just seem so much more expedient.
Saw a lot of good friends last week; it was as if they were dropping out of the sky: a sitcom writer; a wry restaurateur; my physician; Dr. Steve, who operates a magnificent medical practice out of the trunk of an aging Eldorado.
An old high school buddy, Kimla, also came barreling into town, ordered up an Irish whiskey, and caught me up on the last 10 years of their life, including a stunning new granddaughter.
I told him: “Me, I don't have grandchildren. I just keep having my own kids.”
“How many?” they asked.
“No one knows,” I explained. “Maybe a hundred.”
“That's a lot,” they said.
“Nothing we can't handle,” I said with a shrug.
They told me about their life in Texas and how things had worked out pretty well. They traveled a lot, liked their job, couldn't imagine retiring.
I explained my own financial strategy — holding doors for rich widows at every opportunity, yet how I still find myself at the helm of a 12-year-old minivan full of stale French fries and broken dreams.
“So things are really working out for you?” they said.
“It's fall,” I told him. “Eat a little.”
As we kibitzed, a confident young woman blew into the bar, the way confident young women do these days, as if on a jet stream, as if on a layer of their own helium.
You couldn't miss her, this woman. The afternoon sun lit them like an autumn day. I recognized them immediately — known them a while. I can locate them in a crowd just by the chestnut in their hair, the reds and browns of early October.
“Hi, sweetie,” I said.
“Coors Light,” said the patient and lovely older daughter.
Obviously, I am rich in many things. Just nothing with any equity to it.
You gotta laugh, right? As old high school buddies remind us, life blows by, as if on a jet stream. No regrets. No apologies, except to our wives, on an almost hourly basis.
Other than that, no apologies at all.
Another buddy, Marcus, understands all this, the capriciousness of human relationships, the need to act morally in challenging situations, and how all happiness begins with the mouth.
They told me how they were at a wedding the other day — splendid event, vineyards so near you could crush your own grapes.
Late in the evening, they found themselves at the dessert table and decided not to be greedy. He'd just eat the tops off the cupcakes, then put them back neatly on the table.
“I'm on a diet,” they explained.
True story, far as I know.
Chris.Erskine@latimes.com
Twitter: @erskinetimes
MORE MIDDLE AGES
I linger too long over lighthouses
A tailgate with tri-tip and so much more
An update on Posh
My guitar gently weeps for Chicago
Charges for people to use child maintenance services have been dubbed "cruel and callous" after it emerged they had earned the Government more than £11 million.
SNP MP Angela Crawley also called the charges unfair in the wake of the figures, which include little more than £100,000 from extra enforcement action on non-paying parents.
Three separate charges were brought in during the summer of 2014, including charging parents who use the service to process payments.
But this has prompted criticism about the impact on those who have suffered domestic violence.
Ms Crawley said survivors may feel they have no option but to use the service, with fears giving their abuser personal bank details will allow them to access other personal information.
The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) says the charges make up a fraction of the cost of running the service, and encourage parents to consider their options.
But Ms Crawley, the SNP's spokesperson for children, women and equalities, said: "It is near impossible for women who have escaped abuse to share details with an ex-partner.
"These unfair charges will disproportionately impact survivors of domestic abuse, who feel they have no option but to use the service as they are too frightened to have a direct link to their abuser.
"I am very concerned that this is a cruel and callous tax on child support and that ultimately it is the children who will lose out on money intended to support them.
"It is the responsibility of the UK Government to do everything in its power to protect children from falling into poverty."
The three charges are a £20 application fee for using the service in the first place, enforcement charges for non-payment, and collection charges for using the "collect and pay" service, for those who get the service to administer the payments.
A written parliamentary question from SNP MP Chris Stephens (Glasgow South West) show the Government has received £11.2 million, since the charges were introduced in June 2014 until March 2016.
Collect and pay services account for £8.6 million of this, with £2.5 million coming from application fees and just £140,000 from enforcement.
The money made from services has been increasing every month since they were launched.
In March, the latest month for which figures are available, the services brought in around £950,000, including £650,000 from collect and pay.
Under collect and pay, paying parents must pay a 20% collection fee on top of their usual child maintenance amount.
Receiving parents must pay a 4% collection fee which is deducted from their payment.
MPs and campaigners say the charges disproportionately hit those fleeing domestic violence, and discourage poorer parents from using the services altogether.
Advisers can waive the application fee for domestic violence victims, with around a third of applicants having the exemption applied.
However, no such exemption exists for the collection services.
A DWP spokesperson said: "The child maintenance service continues to be largely paid for by the Government. Charges make a very modest contribution to the costs involved.
"We encourage parents to pause and consider the different options available before applying to the service by default.
"We also actively pursue those parents who fail to meet their financial responsibilities and in nine out of 10 of cases, parents are paying towards the money owed."
Running child maintenance services costs the Government around £230 million a year.
More than £3.5 billion in arrears is outstanding from child maintenance payments, according to the latest Government statistics.
Government has the power to refer those who fail to pay their maintenance support to credit reference agencies, but has not yet referred anyone more than 18 months after the legislation was introduced.
Mike Gillespie
Clemson quarterback Kelly Bryant was added on Friday to the Maxwell Award Watch List. Bryant is one of 13 players added to the list of candidates for the 81st annual award that goes to the National Player of the Year as selected by the Maxwell Football Club of Philadelphia.
(CNN) – Nearly one child dies every month and about two are injured every day in window blind-related incidents, according to a new study.
From 1990 to 2015, nearly 17,000 children younger than 6 were treated in emergency rooms for window-blind related injuries, according to the research, published Monday in the medical journal Pediatrics
The study analyzed data from two national databases that collect hospital and field investigation information. It showed most injuries were minor and did not require hospitalization; the most common injuries involved being struck by a window blind, such as being hit by a falling blind, or when a blind is pulled onto a person.
But entanglement — which accounted for 11.9% of all cases — was associated with nearly 80% of 726 hospitalizations and more than 94% of 271 deaths of children during that period.
Almost all the cases of entanglement involved window blind cords.
Dr. Gary Smith, director of the Center for Injury Research and Policy at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Columbus, Ohio, noted that there are voluntary safety standards for window coverings, and past recalls of specific types of blinds. But Smith, the senior author of the study, wants it to be mandatory for window blind manufacturers to sell blinds with unexposed or inaccessible cords.
”The reason we are making this statement is simply because the current approach is not working, despite having a voluntary standard in place for many years,” Smith said. According to the study, almost all the entanglements occurred at home, especially in bedrooms or the living room. Almost 90% occurred when children were under the care of parents, but almost none of the entanglements had a witness. Rather, children had gone to bed, were playing or watching TV unsupervised, often just for a few minutes. Entanglement can be silent, quick and deadly, Smith noted. Toddlers and preschoolers are at particular risk, Smith said, as they have new mobility and curiosity, but are less likely to recognize potential dangers, or be able to free themselves. The study said that many parents are familiar with the dangers of having exposed cords on blinds, but far fewer choose to replace them. “Designing the problem out of existence” could be the most effective approach to prevent injuries, Smith said. Changing safety standards A voluntary safety standard for window covering manufacturers has been in place since 1996, and has been revised several times since then, the study said. In 2014, the US Consumer Product Safety Commission unanimously approved a petition to develop a mandatory standard that would eliminate window blind cords that are accessible to children. According to the commission, mandatory rulemaking remains in the first stage. In 2017, the Window Covering Manufacturers Association proposed revising the voluntary standard to require “stock” products to be cordless or have inaccessible cords. This would apply to pre-made blinds purchased in stores or online, which make up more than 80% of the US market, according to a statement from the manufacturers association. Corded blinds would still be available in custom products. The updated voluntary standard awaits final approval, but the manufacturers association statement said companies selling window coverings in the US and Canada will likely be required to comply in the fourth quarter of 2018. “This will be a major step forward in protecting children,” according to a statement from the safety commission. “CPSC recommends that consumers buy and install cordless or inaccessible cord window coverings in homes where children live or visit.” The manufacturers association also suggests buyers look for the “ Best for Kids ” certification label. Products with the label are submitted to a third-party test laboratory to determine if they meet safety criteria. Linda Kaiser, founder and executive director of Parents for Window Blind Safety, said it's well-known that window blinds can lead to injuries in children, but the advice to use safety kits, parental supervision or “just tying up” cords is still out there. It's not enough, they said. “We have to tell consumers and parents, we have to get rid of (cords),” Kaiser said. “The industry has made some step forwards but they still have some steps to do. The non-profit organization was not involved in the study, but was among the groups that petitioned the safety commission for a mandatory standard. “I believe in my heart a mandatory rule is best,” Kaiser said. Smith, from Nationwide Children's Hospital, said they remind people that “the best parents in the world can't watch their kids every second, so the best way to do it is to provide safe environments. “The fact is any steps short of removing blinds from home can still put a child in harms way.”
Capitol Report
By State Representative, Leon D. Young
On Thursday, May 17th, marked an historic milestone in American history. Regrettably, most Americans were totally unaware of the 64th anniversary of the landmark 1954 Supreme Court case, Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka, in which the justices ruled unanimously that racial segregation of children in public schools was unconstitutional.
Brown v. Board of Education was one of the cornerstones of the civil rights movement and helped establish the precedent that “separate but-equal” education and other services were not, in fact, equal at all.
In 1896, the Supreme Court ruled in Plessy v. Ferguson that racially segregated public facilities were legal, so long as the facilities for blacks and whites were equal. The ruling constitutionally sanctioned laws barring African Americans from sharing the same buses, schools and other public facilities as whites — known as “Jim Crow” laws — and established the “separate but equal” doctrine that would stand for the next six decades.
But by the early 1950s, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) was working hard to challenge segregation laws in public schools and had filed lawsuits on behalf of plaintiffs in states such as South Carolina, Virginia and Delaware. In the case that would become most famous, a plaintiff named Oliver Brown filed a class action suit against the Board of Education of Topeka, Kansas, in 1951, after their daughter, Linda Brown, was denied entrance to Topeka's all-white elementary schools.
In their lawsuit, Brown claimed that schools for black children were not equal to the white schools, and that segregation violated the so-called “equal protection clause” of the 14th Amendment, which holds that no state can “deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.” The case went before the U.S. District Court in Kansas, which agreed that public school segregation had a “detrimental effect upon the colored children” and contributed to “a sense of inferiority,” but still upheld the “separate but equal” doctrine.
When Brown's case and four other cases related to school segregation first came before the Supreme Court in 1952, the Court combined them into a single case under the name Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka. Thurgood Marshall, the head of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, served as chief attorney for the plaintiffs. (Thirteen years later, President Lyndon B. Johnson would appoint Marshall as the first Black Supreme Court justice.)
At first, the justices were divided on how to rule on school segregation, with Chief Justice Fred M. Vinson holding the opinion that the Plessy verdict should stand. But in September 1953, before Brown v. Board of Education was to be heard, Vinson died, and President Dwight D. Eisenhower replaced them with Earl Warren, then governor of California.
Displaying considerable political skill and determination, the new chief justice succeeded in engineering a unanimous verdict against school segregation the following year.
In the decision, issued on May 17, 1954, Warren wrote that “in the field of public education the doctrine of ‘separate but equal' has no place,” as segregated schools are “inherently unequal.” As a result, the Court ruled that the plaintiffs were being “deprived of the equal protection of the laws guaranteed by the 14th Amendment.”
Although racial minorities have made several educational advancements since Brown v. Board of Education, the decision failed in a wholesale dismantling of school segregation. In New York City, for instance, more than half of public schools are reportedly at least 90 percent Black and Hispanic, and in Alabama nearly a quarter of black students attend a school with white enrollment of one percent or less.
Many civil rights advocates even point to what they believe is a “resegregation” trend. According to a report issued by the Economic Policy Institute, low-income black children are currently more racially and socioeconomically isolated than at any time since the 1980s.
If you tend to have a relatively dirty mouth, it's not always easy to stop cold turkey once you have a baby. Some people regularly pepper their language with expletives and others save them for stubbed toes and dishes crashing. Others just curse more when they are tired, and as new parents, that could happen a lot. If you're concerned about the effects of this on your child, you way wonder when you should stop swearing in front of your baby.
Researchers at the University of Pennsylvania have found that children start understanding concrete words at around six to nine months and more abstract words closer to fourteen months. Maureen Healy, an expert in child psychology and author of Growing Happy Kids, tells Romper that babies can probably begin grasping "bad" words at about eighteen months old. Healy prefers for parents to avoid cursing in front of their children, but knows that even with the best of intentions, occasionally words do slip out. If you have older kids around when the F-bomb appears, the critical thing is to have a sense of humor about it, because laughing together, about this and other things, makes the parent and child bond stronger.
If you're in a house where you feel more comfortable cursing in front of the kids, Important to make it clear to them that they shouldn't use those words at school, explains Healy. I can relate to that piece of advice, as I'll never forget the day my daughter came home from kindergarten extremely worried about something they had done in school. When I asked them what happened, they said, "Well, mom, we were doing rhyming words." They buried their head in their hands. "And I got duck."
Our society tries to limit the swear words that children hear. The Motion Picture Association of America rates movies that use strong language as PG-13 or R so that parents are aware and can shield their children if they choose. The Federal Communications Commission doesn't allow broadcast channels to air profane language between 6 a.m and 10 p.m, coinciding with the times when young children are awake (though on cable they can curse whenever they want). Rap and hip hop songs are sometimes released with a "clean version" and Radio Disney frequently changes the lyrics to songs with curses in order to make them kid-friendly.
Part of the concern about using swear words in front of babies, isn't necessarily the choice of words, but the tone that is used with it. A curse thrown conversationally into a sentence may not even register with a baby, but one that is screamed, whether at another adult or at at the baby itself, can be very upsetting. Ronald E. Riggio, Ph.D. wrote in Psychology Today that, "It is clear that swearing can take the form of verbal abuse and harassment, and it is this sort of swearing that can be potentially harmful – a substitute for physical aggression."
Babies start to graduate from babble to learning to say words with attached meaning at around a year old. They may mimic you, so if you are swearing and they pick up on it and repeat it, it doesn't mean they are actually cursing you out. But keep in mind that your baby is hearing you and the words they start to learn likely come from you. Psychologists who interviewed thousands of subjects said that young adults report to have learned these words from parents, peers, and siblings, not from mass media.
Different families make different choices about the rules for foul language in their house. You need to find the balance that's right for your family, realizing that babies hear tone as well as content, and that sometimes they may bust out the F-bomb in the middle of a kindergarten farmyard rhyming exercise. And that's okay, too.
Check out Romper's new video series, Bearing The Motherload, where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support (and not judge) each other's parenting perspectives. New episodes air Mondays on Facebook.
Ontario resident Tammy Mackay Chen and another unnamed Canadian were among the victims of an attack at an upscale restaurant in the capital of Burkina Faso.
Local media reports have identified 15 of 18 of the dead, including Chen and their husband, Mehsen Fenaich of Senegal.
Global Affairs confirmed the news on Monday afternoon.
Chen was studying at the University of Cambridge in the United Kingdom, and had previously studied at Queen's and McGill Universities, according to their Facebook page.
The incident happened late Sunday when suspected Islamic extremists opened fire at a Turkish restaurant in the country's capital.
READ MORE: 2 Canadians among 18 killed in Burkina Faso restaurant attack
Assailants arrived at the Aziz Istanbul in Ouagadougou around 9 p.m. Sunday night on motorcycles. The restaurant, which is known to tourists, was reportedly packed.
It took over 7 hours for the country's Special Forces to halt the attack, leaving the two assailants dead.
There has been no immediate claim of responsibility, but the attack bore the hallmarks of the January 2016 assault on the Cappuccino restaurant, when 6 Canadians and 24 others were killed.
Foreign Affairs minister Chrystia Freeland confirmed that two Canadians were among the victims.
“The heartfelt condolences of our government go out to the loved ones of those targeted and the victims of this tragic attack,” they said Monday.
They say Canadian consular officials are working hard to provide assistance to the families of the victims.
In addition to Chen, local media have identified the following victims:
Lieutenant Marc Stéphane Tiendrébeogo, Inzidore Manga Zongo, Abdoulaye Diallo, Victoria Sana, Inoussa Kikieta, Mme Napon and Issa Tanon of Burkina Faso
Mehsen Fenaich of Senegal
Rashid Mama of Nigeria
El Beli Ahmad of Lebanon
Thierry Henry Gouy of France
Mehmet Faith of Turkey
Faraad Al Houssine and Walled Ahmad of Kuwait
The attack was similar to a January 2016 attack at another cafe that left 30 people dead, including six Canadians.
READ MORE: Trudeau to attend funeral for Quebecers killed in Burkina Faso attacks
Burkina Faso, a landlocked nation in West Africa, is one of the poorest countries in the world. It shares a northern border with Mali, which has long battled Islamic extremists.
*with a file from the Canadian Press
A Tropical Storm has formed a few hundred miles north of the Bahamas and is likely to strengthen well off the U.S. East Coast into early this week, according to the National Hurricane Center.
Bellamia Quench :- Bellamia Quench Skincare is here to change your skin for the last time. In case you're battling with wrinkles, scarcely discernible differences, and bluntness, this item will help.This Skincare will eradicate persistent indications of maturing. What's more, that abandons a smooth canvas for cosmetics application. That is, whether despite everything you need to wear it after Bellamia Quench Anti Aging reestablishes your skin. You will love the outcomes. http://order4healthsupplement.com/bellamia-quench/
By Ben Martin and Carl O'Donnell
LONDON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - London-listed drugmaker Shire Plc and Japan's Takeda Pharmaceutical Co Ltd <4502.T> plan to announce a preliminary merger deal as early as Wednesday, after the latter sweetened its $62 billion acquisition offer, three people familiar with the matter said.
The tentative agreement would represent a victory for Takeda following a pursuit that started on March 28, when the company said it was considering a bid for Shire. Since then, it has made five offers, the latest earlier on Tuesday.
Shire is expected to agree to an extension of a Wednesday regulatory deadline that would allow Takeda to carry out more due diligence and firm up its bid, the sources said on Tuesday on condition of anonymity to discuss the confidential negotiations.
Takeda and Shire did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Buying Shire would be the largest ever overseas acquisition by a Japanese company and propel Takeda, led by Frenchman Christophe Weber, into the top ranks of global drugmakers.
It would be Weber's boldest move by far, significantly boosting Takeda's position in rare diseases, including a blockbuster haemophilia franchise, gastrointestinal disorders and neuroscience - areas in which Shire is a leader in hyperactivity drugs.
But the transaction would be a huge financial stretch, since Shire is worth considerably more than the Japanese group. Ambitious cost cutting will be required to make the deal pay. Dealmaking has surged in the drug industry this year as large players look for promising assets to improve their pipelines. A Takeda-Shire transaction would be by far the biggest. Shire has long been seen as a likely takeover target and was nearly bought by U.S. drugmaker AbbVie Inc in 2014, until U.S. tax rule changes caused the deal to fall apart. Shire also has a track record of acquisitions, but its biggest ever deal - the $32 billion purchase of Baxalta in 2016 - was widely criticized by shareholders.
Dublin-based Shire, a member of Britain's benchmark FTSE 100 stock index, disclosed it had received a fifth takeover proposal from Takeda on Tuesday, but provided no details.
This came after Takeda's fourth bid for Shire on Friday, of 47 pounds per share, including 26 pounds in Takeda stock and 21 pounds in cash. That valued Shire, which is led by Chief Executive Flemming Ornskov, at 44.3 billion pounds ($61.8 billion).
Under British takeover rules, Takeda had until 5 p.m. (1600 GMT) on Wednesday to make a firm offer or walk away from Shire.
However, that deadline can be moved back at the request of the FTSE 100 drugmaker and Takeda had said on Friday it hoped negotiations with Shire would lead to an extension.
The deal developments came just as Shire held its annual shareholder meeting in Dublin on Tuesday.
"As of now we can only say that discussions between the advisers of Shire and Takeda are ongoing," Susan Kilsby, the drugmaker's chairperson, told investors at the meeting which lasted less than 15 minutes.
Shire focuses on treatments for rare diseases and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and a takeover would catapult Takeda into the top ranks of global drugmakers.
ALLERGAN BOWED OUT
Allergan Plc , the U.S. maker of Botox, had been considering a rival bid for Shire but ruled itself out of making an offer last week.
Shire also announced last week it was selling its oncology business to unlisted French drugmaker Servier for $2.4 billion.
Takeda's shares closed down 1.5 percent on Tuesday, giving it a market value of 3.86 trillion yen ($35.5 billion), according to Thomson Reuters data. That is much smaller than the value of the fourth bid for Shire that Takeda disclosed last week.
Takeda investors have been skeptical about the merits of a Shire deal, given the size of the potential purchase and the likely need for a large share issue, which could be highly dilutive.
Weber was promoted to CEO in 2015, becoming the drugmaker's first non-Japanese boss.
The Japanese firm said last month that buying Shire would bolster its position in the United States, in gastrointestinal diseases and neuroscience.
Shire traces its roots back to 1986, when it began as a seller of calcium supplements to treat osteoporosis, operating from an office above a shop in Hampshire. Since then it has grown rapidly through acquisitions to generate revenues of about $15.2 billion last year.
(Reporting by Ben Martin in London and Carl O'Donnell in New York Additional reporting by Padraic Halpin in Dublin and Ben Hirschler in New York; Editing by Jason Neely, Adrian Croft and Richard Chang)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
FORT WORTH, Texas (AP) — A capital murder charge has been dismissed against a North Texas man in the death of their 2-year-old daughter, after prosecutors learned their then-5-year-old brother admitted causing their death.
Anthony Michael Sanders was accused of smothering their daughter, Ellie Mae, at their home in the Fort Worth suburb of Watauga in 2015. Investigators believed Sanders held their hand over their mouth out of anger for them interrupting their computer games.
Jailed since April 2016, Sanders denied responsibility. They said they found their daughter not breathing after their son reported they wouldn't wake up.
The Fort Worth Star-Telegram reports prosecutors recently learned the boy told their mother they were responsible. Investigators say the boy cried as they told them they accidentally rolled a heavy pillow onto their sister's face while they played and it was too heavy for them to move.
___
Information from: Fort Worth Star-Telegram, http://www.star-telegram.com
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Dev site has moved
The dev site has been moved to New URL
If you have this bookmarked you should bookmark the new URL. You can do this by clicking the button.
Bookmark new dev
The mid-block arch that stretches across Kansas Avenue near the 800 block will look a little different going forward.
Members of the city council and community gathered near the structure on Tuesday morning as Downtown Topeka, Inc. unveiled a plaque placed on the arch that will be dedicated to former Mayor Larry Wolgast.
Before the unveiling, a few speakers took the stand to share how Mayor Wolgast influenced the town and their lives, including Mayor Michelle De La Isla.
“Larry helped change the tone of the city council meetings,” said De La Isla. “If you look at the meetings prior to them being mayor there was a little bit of confrontation. When Larry came on board, the meetings took a professional tone. The discourse started to be much more item-focused rather than personal. That's why I keep on saying the word that exemplifies them is class.”
A common topic among the speakers was the effect that Wolgast had on revitalizing Topeka's Downtown area.
“You can look around and see what happened in the years that they were mayor,” said Vince Frye, President and CEO of Downtown Topeka, Inc. “None of this would have happened without their support. Not only as a mayor but also when they were on the city council. They brought an attitude that it could be done and they did it in a gentlemanly manner. Politics can be sometimes competitive and confrontational, but they were never that way.”
After revealing the plaque and observing it, Wolgast commented, “It's a very humbling experience, but at the same time, I accept it on behalf of the city and what everyone has done to make downtown a success.”
When asked what Wolgast was most proud of while they were office, they replied, “Getting the city, the people and the citizens to understand that this (downtown) could happen. We really are supporting of the downtown because it is a symbol of the city. At the beginning, most people didn't think it would work, but we brought it back and it's happening today.”
The plaque is placed on the east side of the structure with the message, “To commemorate their vision of a bright future that spans the entire community and for their leadership in the revitalization of downtown, the City of Topeka dedicates this arch to Mayor Larry Wolgast, Topeka's Mayor from 2013 to 2018. Their commitment to the progress of this city has strengthened its citizens' resolve to always move forward, never back.”
Newsvine.com will be shutting down October 1st, 2017. Thanks for your support! Read more about it. ×
NEPA Bazaars Get the lowdown on NEPA bazaars, fairs and festivals this summer. (read more)
Yard Sales Want to know where the yard/garage sales are this week? (read more)
As a rule of thumb, dividend yields of more than 6% suggest that there's an increased risk of a cut. But this isn't always true. Today I'm going to look at two stocks which currently boast a forecast yield of 7.1%. Are these payouts built on solid foundations, or should shareholders head for the exit? There could be more to come In May 2016, FTSE 100 housebuilder Taylor Wimpey (LSE: TW) announced a new dividend policy targeting a total return to shareholders of £1.3bn between 2016 and 2018. The firm said its short-term land bank had reached “optimal size”, so it would only…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Already a subscriber to our paid services (e.g. Share Advisor, Pro, Hidden Winners)? Please login here .
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
As a rule of thumb, dividend yields of more than 6% suggest that there's an increased risk of a cut. But this isn't always true.
Today I'm going to look at two stocks which currently boast a forecast yield of 7.1%. Are these payouts built on solid foundations, or should shareholders head for the exit?
There could be more to come
In May 2016, FTSE 100 housebuilder Taylor Wimpey (LSE: TW) announced a new dividend policy targeting a total return to shareholders of £1.3bn between 2016 and 2018.
The firm said its short-term land bank had reached “optimal size“, so it would only be buying new land to replace plots that have sold. As a result of strong housing market conditions, it expected to “continue to generate cash that is surplus to the business's requirements”.
Taylor Wimpey plans to pay a total dividend of £450m for 2017. Analysts' forecasts suggest that this should equate to about 13.9p per share, giving a forecast yield of 7.1%.
The group's accounts for 2016 suggest to me that this payout should be comfortably affordable. My calculations show that Taylor Wimpey generated free cash flow of £511.6m in 2016. A similar performance seems likely this year, based on current profit forecasts.
The cyclical nature of the housing market suggests to me that Taylor Wimpey's generous special dividends won't last forever. But with housing demand still exceeding supply, it may be too soon to bet on a downturn in this sector.
For now, I'd argue that Taylor Wimpey's 7.1% yield is affordable and sustainable. This stock could still be a good buy for income.
Fragile but affordable?
One of the big attractions of logistics firm Connect Group (LSE: CNCT) is its strong cash generation. Shareholders received a dividend of 9.5p per share last year, giving a trailing yield of 6.9%. This payout was covered comfortably by the group's free cash flow of £49.6m.
Connect's dividend is expected to rise to 9.8p for the year ending 31 August 2017, giving the stock a forecast yield of 7.1%. One of the reasons this yield is so high is that Connect stock trades on a forecast P/E of just 7.6.
In my opinion, this combination of a high yield and low P/E suggests that the market sees some weakness in Connect's financial situation. I can see why this might be.
The group's net debt was £141.7m at the end of August last year. Although this looks acceptable to me, when compared to pre-tax profit of £41.9m, this borrowing isn't backed by assets. Excluding intangible assets such as customer relationships and trade names, which can be hard to monetise, Connect had a net tangible asset value of minus £151.8m at the end of August 2016.
While trading remains strong and credit is readily available, this probably won't be a problem. But a slowdown in trading or tighter standards of lending could force the company to cancel the dividend and raise cash by selling new shares.
Although the pending sale of Connect's Education business may improve its balance sheet, I'm not sure it will be enough. For now, I think the risks outweigh the potential rewards.
Elmer Racing is a company in Finland that specializes in custom racing components. For several months they have been releasing details on their custom 4.0 L (3974 cc) inline-four they call Thor which will reliably produce over 1,500 horsepower. The engine is designed for top classes in time attack and hill climb racing. The engine costs €120,000 ($140,490) and will ship in first quarter of 2018. One of the first race teams using the engine is Rod Pobestek's Porsche 968 RP968 in World Time Attack Challenge Pro class. However Rob's team is making a few changes to the engine including a billet head that will retain Porsche architecture. They will also run the engine at a conservative 8,500 rpm but Elmer Racing plans on testing to 10,000 rpm.
Source: Elmer Racing FB page and PR Technology FB page via Piotr
When I first came across the term “setting the tone at the top” I was completing a Master's degree at George Washington University and studying issues …
Rwead more
In this photo provided by NASA, a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft await liftoff from NASA Kennedy Space Center's Launch Complex 39A in Cape Canaveral, Fla., on Aug. 14, 2017. (Photo: Kim Shiflett / AP)
Cape Canaveral, Fla. — A SpaceX capsule rocketed to the International Space Station on Monday, carrying tons of science experiments, plus ice cream.
As has become customary on these cargo flights, SpaceX landed its leftover booster back at Cape Canaveral shortly after liftoff, a key to its long-term effort to recycle rockets and reduce costs.
It was the 14th successful booster landing for SpaceX and the sixth on the giant X at the company's designated touchdown spot at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, just a few miles from its NASA-leased pad at Kennedy Space Center.
“X marks the spot for yet another picture-perfect landing,” announced SpaceX Mission Control at company headquarters in Hawthorne, California.
Experiments make up most of the 6,400 pounds of cargo, which should reach the orbiting lab Wednesday. That includes 20 mice that will return alive inside the SpaceX Dragon capsule in about a month.
The Dragon is also doubling as an ice cream truck this time.
There was extra freezer space, so NASA packed little cups of vanilla, chocolate and birthday cake ice cream, as well as ice cream candy bars. Those treats should be especially welcomed by U.S. astronaut Peggy Whitson, in orbit since November. She's due back at the beginning of September. Newly arrived U.S. spaceman Randolph Bresnik turns 50 next month.
The space station was zooming 250 miles above the Atlantic, just off Nova Scotia, when the Falcon took flight.
The mice are part of a study aimed at better understanding visual problems suffered in space by some male astronauts. Scientists will study the pressure in the animals' eyes, as well as the movement of fluid in their brains. Thirty days for mice in space is comparable to three years for humans, according to Florida State University Michael Delp, who's in charge of the experiment. The investigation may help explain why female astronauts don't have this vision problem, which can linger long after spaceflight, they added.
The Dragon also holds an instrument to measure cosmic rays from the space station. This type of device has previously flown on high-altitude balloons. The Army has an imaging microsatellite on board for release this fall from the station. It's a technology demo; the military wants to see how small satellites like this, with low-cost, off-the-shelf cameras and telescopes, might support critical ground operations. It's about the size of a dormitory-room refrigerator.
Also going up on behalf of the Michael J. Fox Foundation: protein crystals that, in space, might shed light on Parkinson's disease. The mission got a televised plug from Fox, an actor who has the disease.
This is the 13th delivery by SpaceX , one of two private shippers hired by NASA. The other is Orbital ATK; It's next supply run is in November from Wallops Island, Virginia.
The SpaceX Dragon is the only supply ship capable of returning items intact to Earth. It parachutes into the Pacific.
This particular Dragon is brand new, as is the Falcon rocket. In June, SpaceX launched its first reused Dragon, and in March, its first reused Falcon. From now on, the company said it may only fly used Dragons.
SpaceX is also developing a crew Dragon for NASA astronauts, set to debut next year. Boeing is working on its own capsule to ferry space station astronauts.
In the meantime, SpaceX is aiming for a November debut of its Falcon Heavy rocket, which will feature three first-stage boosters and 27 engines, versus the single booster and nine engines on the Falcon 9. It will have two-thirds the thrust of NASA's Saturn V rocket, which was used during the Apollo moon program. All three of the Falcon Heavy's first-stage boosters are meant to fly back to a touchdown.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2uHk5PU
The White House on Wednesday shook off criticism of the emergency response to Hurricane Maria following a Harvard study that estimated the death toll from last year's tragedy in Puerto Rico may have reached 5,000.
White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders, asked about the startling numbers in the Harvard study, defended FEMA's response to the storm that slammed into the island as a Category 4 hurricane Sept. 20, two weeks after the island was ravaged by Hurricane Irma.
Sanders said the government responded to the storm with the largest FEMA effort in history.
"We have been supportive of Gov. Rosello's efforts to ensure full accounting and transparency, and those who have suffered from this tragedy deserve nothing less," they added.
National Nurse United, the nation's largest union for registered nurses, said the study confirmed what volunteer nurses who went to the island in the days and weeks after the Sept. 20 landfall witnessed — residents "left to die" by a federal response that "failed its own American citizens."
“Nurses on the ground saw that people were dying," said Bonnie Castillo, executive director of the union. "Our volunteer RNs came back to the U.S. and said again and again, ‘The people of Puerto Rico are dying. Do something!'"
Rep. Bennie Thompson, D-Miss., who serves on the House Committee on Homeland Security, called the Harvard estimate "heartbreaking" and blasted the federal response to the storm as "woefully inadequate."
FEMA assistant administrator Michael Byrne defended their agency's effort before a House committee two months ago.
Byrne testified more than 19,000 federal staff from 80 agencies were on the ground at the height of the emergency effort. More than a billion dollars in commodities, such as food, water, tarps, and construction materials "were delivered by air, off-road vehicles and on foot, making it the largest and longest commodity delivery mission in FEMA's history," they said.
Maria destroyed thousands of buildings and knocked out power to virtually the entire U.S. territory of more than 3 million people. Researchers at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health released a study this week based on a survey of more than 3,000 households on the battered island.
The researchers determined at least 4,645 "excess deaths" occurred during the storm and the weeks that followed as the island struggled to provide basic services such as food, water and medical care. The researchers also said the number was probably conservative, and that the total could have exceeded 5,000.
By comparison, more than 1,800 people died when Katrina roared across the U.S. Gulf Coast as a Category 5 hurricane in 2005.
Christy Delafield, a spokesperson for the global humanitarian organization Mercy Corps, has spent time in Puerto Rico since Maria. They said their group always believed official numbers seemed low, but "Harvard's numbers are worse than we feared."
"The lack of electricity and basic services meant that people couldn't get the help they needed for a long time after the storm," they said. "The elderly, people with health problems and the very young were at particular risk."
Carlos Mercader, executive director of the Puerto Rico Federal Affairs Administration, said the Puerto Rico government welcomed the study and would analyze it further. They said officials expected the number would be much higher than previous counts, and a team at George Washington University has been conducting a review of the death total that is due soon.
"As the world knows, the magnitude of this tragic disaster caused by Hurricane Maria resulted in many fatalities," they said. "Both studies will help us better prepare for future natural disasters and prevent lives from being lost.”
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
AutoNation Acura in League City, Texas employed a weaponized farter, according to a former employee's lawsuit. Google Streetview image
By Charles Hoffmann |
Hat…check. Gloves…check. Scarves…check. Wetsuit? Check!
It's bitter cold on the beach and the wind is howling. The flags are whipping loudly. Deal beach is nearly empty, with the precious few people around bundled up and layered from head to toe. A reasonable person would long for a warm coffee and an electric blanket today, however local surfers Zach Yates of Little Silver and Frank Massa of Shrewsbury are right at home despite the Arctic-like conditions.
Changing their hats and gloves for a wetsuit and boots is natural for them as they prepare to “paddle out” for their afterschool surf session. As for their ritual, Massa said, “It's hard to put into words why we like it so much, but we just do.”
The two Red Bank Regional seniors are not easily affected by Mother Nature and their cold, vicious wrath. It may seem like a bizarre activity, surfing through the brutal Jersey winters, but committed wave riders won't be hanging up their wetsuits anytime soon. This pair of adrenaline junkies are committed to surfing 12 months of the year, regardless of the temperature.
As Massa and Yates talked about their passion for surfing in the warmth of a nearby pizzeria, their faces illuminated the dreary November day. “We love to get away from the ‘everyday,' ” Yates explained. “When we are out there, it's like nothing else is going on in the world.” Remarkably, the intimidating weather hardly fazes the duo. “Even on an ice-cold day with snow on the ground, I just can't say ‘no,' ” said Yates with conviction.
“Paddling out can be pretty hard with a thick, heavy wetsuit in the winter, but it's definitely worth it,” agreed Massa.
While teens are often criticized for their time spent in front of the TV and on the computer, surfing steers far from that stereotype. It is a healthy, exhaustive activity that requires every muscle in the body to perform. Plus, it's not only fun, it is essentially free – not including some surf wax and the post-surf session burrito. The enjoyment is obvious as the hollers and congratulatory yells can easily be heard beachside.
It is certainly moving to see their youthful, carefree mentality. The sport has been overwhelmingly impactful to these two youngsters over the years. Both credit their supportive parents, who have been taking them to the beach year-round since they were kids. Mazza's father would often photograph the beach scenes while Yates' father would be happy to join them in the water.
Surfing is clearly shaping their future paths as well; both are heading to college next fall and neither will end up far from the beach. They are each looking at schools in California and Florida.
This article was first published in the Dec. 7-14, 2017 print edition of the Two River Times.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
For more than 40 years, Canadian farmers have been helping feed the world by donating surplus crops.
A charity that's long been behind the effort is gearing up to raise funds in Kelowna.
‘Swing at World Hunger' is a golf tournament coming up April 29 in Kelowna, organized by the Canadian Foodgrains Bank.
For every dollar raised, the Canadian government will match it four times, helping donations to the charity go a long way.
In 2016, the Canadian Foodgrains Bank used $43 million to feed the hungry in Syria, South Sudan and India among other countries.
The Kelowna golf tournament is the first in the Okanagan. If it goes well, the event will be held in other cities across the country.
The event takes place at Orchard Greens, with tickets available by contacting Jerry Klassen 250-215-4949 or klassenjd@hotmail.com .
One of Istanbul's most popular art spaces, SALT Beyoğlu's Long Thursday program will feature a silent film screening, an exhibition and a performance tomorrow.
One of the films, Aleksandr Dovzhenko's Zemlya (Earth) is a silent classic and one of Soviet cinema's most influential works. It will be screened along with a live performance by musician Ekin Fil.
The program "Sounds of Cinema" will pair the screenings of three silent classics with live music performances. The program will begin with "Zemlya" (1930) at 8 p.m.
Before that, as part of the exhibition, "Continuity Error," the performance "Unemployed Employees-I found you a new job!" (2006-2018), shaped through spontaneous dialogues betwee
n visitors and five people hired to work around a representative production line, will take place until 7 p.m. The exhibition will cover spread the second and third floors at SALT Beyoğlu.
Meanwhile, two bookstores, the Serving Kitchen and Robinson Crusoe 389, have returned to İstiklal Street after renovation works.
At SALT Galata, the exhibition "Bureau of Unspecified Services" will be open until 10 p.m. on Thursdays.
SOUNDS OF CINEMA
Starting on Long Thursday tomorrow, "Sounds of Cinema" will hold the screenings of three silent classics with live music performances in the Walk-in Cinema until April 28.
On April 26, Aleksandr Dovzhenko's "Zemlya" (1930) will be shown. The last addition to "Ukraine Trilogy," this film is not just considered a Dovzhenko masterpiece but remains one of the most important and influential examples of Soviet cinema.
Set in a small village in Ukraine, "Zemlya" depicts an ongoing struggle between a group of farmers trying to purchase a tractor and the well-off landowners.
Examining the era's politics surrounding the collectivization of land ownership, the film is a direct response to another great Soviet filmmaker, Sergei Eisenstein and their 1929 film "Staroye i Novoye" (Old and New).
On April 27, Dimitri Kirsanoff's 1926 film "Menilmontant" will be on screen. The film is considered a harbinger of the poetic-realist French cinema of the 1930s. During the screening, Egemen Kırkağaç, Ege Tülek, and Alper Yıldırım will perform using a combination of acoustic instruments and electronic sounds.
"Menilmontant" is about two sisters, whose parents brutally murdered, moving to the Parisian neighborhood of the same name, and eventually pursue the same romance. The story follows on as these young women part ways. Unlike the other films in the silent era, "Menilmontant" doesn't contain subtitles, and uniquely combine French avant-garde filmmaking and Soviet montage.
On April 28, a surrealist film from Japan, Teinosuke Kinugasa's "Kurutta Ippeji" (A Page of Madness) (1926) will be screened along with Sumatran Black's music.
After a woman is institutionalized for the attempted murder of their own son, desperate to be with their wife, the husband begins work as a janitor in the same mental asylum. This surreal film is a product of an avant-garde group of Japanese artists known as the Shinkankakuha (School of New Perceptions).
Both a leading member of the group and one of the four screenwriters, Yasunari Kawabata would win the 1968 Nobel Prize in Literature, becoming Japan's first Nobel Prize recipient. Lost for 45 years, the film was rediscovered by Kinugasa in their garden storehouse in 1971. As the film had no original sound, to decorate the story and characters, a local cabaret along with traditional "benshi" performers would accompany the film during its screenings. Organized in collaboration between SALT and Fol, the program will be free for all. All films selected are shown as the original provided by the distributors.
Dorothy L. Groh, 95, of Middletown, died on Jan. 18 at The Willows Assisted Living in Holmdel. They were born in Newark and lived in Hillside most of their life before moving to Middletown in 2005. Dorothy was a member of the Calvary Lutheran Church while they lived in Hillside and was part of the Altar Guild and the church council. They became a member at Good Shepherd Lutheran Church when they moved to Middletown. Dorothy was an avid reader. They loved baking and made the most perfect apple pie. They enjoyed needlepoint and traveling, especially Long Beach Island. They loved the beach with all of its sights and sounds and they loved to bowl when they were younger.
Surviving are their husband of 75 years, George D. Groh Sr.; their daughter and son-in-law, Judith and Bill Farrell; their two sons and daughters-in-law, George D. and Laura Groh Jr., and Scott and Lisa Groh; their eight grandchildren and their spouses, Kimberly and Michael O'Neill, William and Chris Farrell, Michael and Michelle Farrell, Rachel and Jenny Groh, Lindsey and Anthony Labbate, Daniel and Patricia Groh, Megan Groh, and Brandon Groh; their ten great-grandchildren, Kaitlin, Shane, Ryan, Zachary, Thomas, Jacob, Kevin, Mason, Vincent, and Lina; and many nieces, nephews and cousins.
Dorothy was preceded in death by their parents and brothers.
Visitation was held Jan. 21 at John F. Pfleger Funeral Home. Funeral services were Jan. 22 at the funeral home. Burial followed at Graceland Memorial Park, Kenilworth.
In lieu of flowers, please consider a contribution in Dorothy's name to the Good Shepherd Lutheran Church, 112 Middletown Road, Holmdel NJ 07733 or to the charity of your choice.
News Feature
Sedgwick Originally published in The Weekly Packet, August 10, 2017 Sedgwick sets special town meeting for new pot moratorium
by Anne Berleant
A retail marijuana moratorium will again be put before voters at a special town meeting on August 24, following the selectmen's 6 p.m.meeting at town hall. Voters had easily approved a 180-day moratorium at town meeting in March.
The moratorium would ban retail marijuana shops, cultivation, testing, social clubs and manufacturing.
A “flawed” boilerplate moratorium supplied by the Maine Municipal Association before the earlier vote stated that it could only be extended through the legislative body, not at the discretion of selectmen. Selectmen said on July 27 that a new boilerplate had clearer language, and MMA advised the new moratorium over an extension, both of which would entail a special town meeting.
Second Selectman Colby Pert spoke in favor of not having the town attorney review the new moratorium: “A judge, if in court, is going to point to the intent of the ordinance.”
Selectmen have no current plans on presenting an ordinance regulating retail recreational marijuana until state regulations are in place, hopefully before 2018 town meeting. The statewide moratorium is valid until at least February 2018.
“We're waiting for the state licenses to come through and will feed off that,” Pert said.
Third Selectman Ben Astbury agreed: “We'll tailor guidelines to work with the state, not against.”
In other business
Selectmen approved accepting the resignation of Planning Board Chairman Robert Jones, 3-0.
Selectmen approved appointing alternate Peter Atherton to a regular planning board seat, 3-0.
Selectmen approved appointing Robert Publicover as an alternate member of the planning board, 3-0.
When searching for yield, most investors focus their attention on large-cap shares. However unbeknown to many, it?s possible to find reliable dividend payers in the small-cap area of the market that punch above their weight. Here?s a look at two small-cap dividend growth stocks that pack a hefty punch and that I currently have my eye on. Numis Corporation £295m market cap Numis (LSE: NUM) is an independent institutional stockbroker and corporate advisor. The firm offers a broad range of services to its clients including investment research, execution, corporate broking and advisory services. Its financials look quite impressive, with the company exhibiting…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
When searching for yield, most investors focus their attention on large-cap shares. However unbeknown to many, it's possible to find reliable dividend payers in the small-cap area of the market that punch above their weight. Here's a look at two small-cap dividend growth stocks that pack a hefty punch and that I currently have my eye on.
Numis Corporation
£295m market cap Numis (LSE: NUM) is an independent institutional stockbroker and corporate advisor. The firm offers a broad range of services to its clients including investment research, execution, corporate broking and advisory services.
Its financials look quite impressive, with the company exhibiting a strong operating margin (29%), excellent return on equity (22%) and low levels of debt. And revenue has increased from £54.2m in FY2011 to £112.3m for FY2016, a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 15.7%.
But what really appeals to me about this small-cap company, is its dividend growth track record. Indeed, since paying a maiden dividend of 0.8p in 2000, the company has never cut its payout, even during the Global Financial Crisis. Last year Numis paid out 12p to its shareholders, equating to a yield of a generous 4.6% at the current share price. Furthermore, over the last five years alone, the dividend payout has been increased from 8p to 12p, a CAGR of an impressive 8.5%. And the dividend is covered 1.9 times, indicating a decent margin of safety if profitability was to decline.
FY2016 numbers were good, with revenue jumping 15% on last year, earnings increasing 21% and the company's cash pile growing from £60m to £90m. However, despite the firm's impressive numbers, Numis shares can be purchased on a forward-looking P/E ratio of just 10, which looks attractive to me given the company's impressive dividend history. It's worth noting that the shares have jumped from just over 200p a year ago to 260p today, but despite the rise, I still think value is on offer.
Low & Bonar
Another company that has done well recently is £265m market cap Low & Bonar (LSE: LWB). While the performance materials group doesn't have the same kind of impressive recent revenue and earnings growth as Numis, its dividend growth history is still quite virtuous.
Indeed, the company has grown its dividend payout at a CAGR of 7.4% over the last five years, paying out 3p per share last year – a yield of 3.7% at the current share price. On earnings of 6.15p per share, dividend coverage is a respectable 2.1 times.
The group released a concise trading statement last week for the period since 30 November 2016, stating that it had made a good start to the year and that the board continues to believe that 2017 will be a year of “significant progress.”
The share price shot up as a result and has now risen 34% over the last 12 months, however with City analysts forecasting earnings per share of 7.3p for this year, the stock trades on a P/E ratio of just 11.1, which doesn't look expensive to me.
LAKE FOREST, Ill. -- Outside linebacker Leonard Floyd thinks they made significant strides in the offseason -- both physically and mentally -- after having what most consider a successful rookie campaign with seven sacks in 12 games.
“I'm just more used to things,” Floyd said on Wednesday. “Everything was new to me last year. I'm just way more comfortable with the play calls and getting my assignment out to everyone else on the field. I'm just way more comfortable.
“It's like night and day compared to last year.”
Leonard Floyd said he's determined to stay healthy after suffering two concussions in 2016. Robin Alam/Icon Sportswire
But veteran defensive coordinator Vic Fangio is a tough critic. When asked to grade Floyd's rookie season with the Chicago Bears, Fangio gave the ninth overall pick of the 2016 NFL draft an “incomplete.”
Floyd said they took no offense to Fangio's comments, and admitted that they left too many plays on the field.
“It definitely inspires me to go out and play every game,” Floyd said. “I think I'm way faster [than what I showed on film last year]. Like sometimes at the snap I'm stuttering and false-stepping. I just have to clean up getting off on the snap. There were definitely a lot of plays I left out there. And I'm going to do a better job this year of making those plays.”
Coach John Fox added: “I'm sure if you talk to Jordan Howard or guys like Leonard, or really any player on our defense that was here a year ago, it slows down. They understand it, they're not thinking, they're reacting, and so I'd expect that and I've seen that already even in the offseason.”
One of Floyd's major points of emphasis is avoiding concussions. Floyd suffered a pair of concussions in 2016; the first one occurring on the road against the Giants that led to Floyd being carted off the field and sent to a local hospital for observation. Floyd said the symptoms related to their second concussion -- sustained in Week 16 against the Redskins -- didn't completely dissipate until February.
In an attempt to improve their technique, Fangio had Floyd use blocking sleds to work on their head placement.
“The crown of my helmet was too low,” Floyd said. “I definitely have to be aware because I don't want to get another concussion,” Floyd said. “I got to make sure I play every game.”
In a more lighthearted moment, the slender Floyd smiled when questioned about their playing weight -- a hot topic in Chicago last year.
“I thought that would be the first question y'all was gonna ask,” Floyd said. “But I've been doing a good job this year compared to my weight last year. I don't want to let everyone know [my exact weight right now], but I did gain some weight.”
Cape Coral man arrested for drug trafficking, possession
A 36-year-old man was arrested Tuesday in connection with a drug trafficking investigation, the Lee County Sheriff's Office.
Johney Hall, of Cape Coral, is facing charges of driving with a suspended license, trafficking in heroin, possession of cocaine, possession of methamphetamines, possession of marijuana, and possession of THC oil, according to the sheriff's office.
Hall is accused of trafficking drugs out of their home on the 1500 block of Southeast 42nd Terrace, according to the sheriff's office. Deputies and members of the Cape Coral Police Department executed a search warrant after a traffic stop where Hall was driving with a suspended licence and in possession of heroin and cocaine.
Additional amounts of the following substances were found inside Hall's home: 11.5 grams of heroin, 18.27 grams of cocaine, 2.05 grams of methamphetamines, and 4.33 grams of THC oil, according to the sheriff's office.
Writer: Rachel Ravina
Roseanne Barr lashed out at their sitcom son Wednesday for throwing their “under the bus” — after they “vehemently” condemned their racist tweetstorm.
Michael Fishman, who played DJ Conner in the original series and its 2018 revival, tweeted that Tuesday was “one of the hardest” days in their life and that they were “devastated” — not for the end of the show, but for everyone who “poured their hearts and souls” into it.
“Roseanne” was abruptly canceled by ABC Tuesday, after Barr compared former Obama aide Valerie Jarrett to an ape and called billionaire George Soros a “Nazi” who “turned on their fellow Jews.”
“I condemn these statements vehemently,” Fishman wrote, adding that their character was “designed to represent the inclusive nature of my views.”
But Barr was having none of it.
“I created the platform for that inclusivity and you know it. ME. You throw me under the bus. Nice!” they responded Wednesday morning.
Barr was more contrite with their TV daughter, actor Sara Gilbert, who played Darlene Conner.
Gilbert called Barr's comments “abhorrent” and said they were “disappointed in their actions to say the least.”
“This is incredibly sad and difficult for all of us, as we've created a show that we believe in, are proud of, and that audiences love— one that is separate and apart from the opinions and words of one cast member,” they wrote.
“Wow! Unreal,” Barr wrote in response, adding, “I understand their position and why they said what they said. I forgive them It just shocked me a bit, but I indeed f—ed up.”
: Maharashtra strongman Narayan Rane on Friday said that their new party will join the National Democratic Alliance (NDA). This came after Rane met Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Tuesday.Rane, who quit the Congress last month, had announced the formation of their political party last week.Talking about their Maharashtra Swabhiman Paksha, which will support the BJP, Rane had said it will work for the development of farmers, minorities and women. "We will register the party soon and will announce the flag and electoral sign as well," they said, adding that they will always aspire to be CM.Rane had resigned from the Congress last month, upset at not being made the chief minister when they joined the party 12 years ago after leaving the Shiv Sena. The 65-year-old Konkan strongman was the chief minister in 1999 while in the Sena.The former Shiv Sainik joined the Congress on July 26, 2005, and was the next day made revenue minister in the then Congress-led government in the state.Rane, who has pockets of influence in the Konkan region of Maharashtra, was expelled from the Sena by then supremo Bal Thackeray after they voiced displeasure over the latter's son Uddhav gaining prominence in the party.A tough-talking leader, Rane, who was handpicked by Thackeray as chief minister when they decided to remove Manohar Joshi ahead of the 1999 Assembly polls, even claimed they had received an offer from the Sena to return to its fold. He, however, did not say if they were offered any post.
If you seek to better understand yourself and others you're probably really into personality typing tests. Aside from the Myers Briggs Type Indicator, the enneagram is another deep dive into personality typing. But, how accurate is the enneagram test? "The accuracy of the enneagram types depends to a great deal on how well the user of the model can interpret the elements of the model," the website Enneagram User Guide explained. "The difficulty in learning the enneagram types doesn't come from a lack of learning resources. The difficulty comes from learning how to interpret all the concepts and labels used."
At first glance the enneagram can look like complex geometry. With nine types, 27 subtypes, and three basic centers, there's a lot to learn. I took an enneagram test and it revealed that I am type five, also known as the investigator. This means I tend to be cerebral, intense, perceptive, innovative, secretive, and isolated, according to The Enneagram Institute. This lines up pretty well with my MBTI type INFP and my StrengthsFinder type: strategic, adaptability, input, intellection, and ideation. According to the Enneagram User Guide, how accurate your enneagram assessment is depends on how you interpret the results of your test as they relate to your life.
Daves Enneagram on YouTube
"The difficulty comes from learning how to interpret all the concepts and labels used. For example, the passion of type [seven] is said to be 'gluttony.' If I look up 'gluttony' in the dictionary it says something like this: habitual greed or excess in eating," the Enneagram User Guide noted. "That is NOT what type [seven] is about. The idea of 'passion' and the word 'gluttony' need to be reinterpreted in terms of the enneagram types. Often that reinterpretation begins with a statement such as the passion of type [seven] is 'a gluttony of the mind' and then continues. There are dozens of words like 'passion' and 'gluttony' that are associated with the types. That's a lot of interpretation to learn."
Basically, you shouldn't take all of the words literally. The enneagram is subjective, kind of like astrology, which means you have to interpret the results as they apply to you. HelloGiggles writer Toria Sheffield took the enneagram test, for instance, and revealed that their results were eerily accurate. "The results got into things like my deepest fears, my greatest insecurities, and my key motivators for doing many of the things I do — both the good and the bad," Sheffield wrote. "Sometimes it was almost cuttingly accurate — as if your most honest, no-BS friend sat you down and told you exactly what you needed to work on."
Aspyrre on YouTube
Like Sheffield, I also found my results to be pretty spot on. According to the enneagram, my basic fears are being useless, helpless, and incapable. My basic desire is to be capable and competent. In addition to my basic type, I also have two wings, or adjacent types. One is the iconoclast, which means I am always questing beliefs and institutions that other people blindly follow. My second wing is the problem solver, and this could not be more accurate: I am the go-to person friends come to when they want advice because options that others don't consider are glaringly obvious to me.
The website Statistical Solutions reported that The Enneagram Institute's Riso-Hudson Enneagram Type Indicator (RHETI) is 72 percent accurate, which is a pretty high score for this type of test. "Studies concluded the instrument as scientifically 'valid and reliable' as a test instrument with 'solid psychometrics.' The internal consistency reliability scores show that the RHETI ranges from 56 [percent] to 82 [percent] accurate on various types; with an overall accuracy of 72 [percent].
However, only you can determine if your results are accurate for you. Whether or not you're a reformer, a helper, an achiever, an individualist, an investigator, a loyalist, an enthusiast, a challenger, or a peacemaker depends on how you interpret your enneagram results, which means that you shouldn't take all of the words in your type literally. Curious? Take the enneagram test to see how accurately it describes you. It's kind of creepy how on the nose it was for me.
Lady Gaga's struggles with the chronic pain syndrome fibromyalgia were documented in their Netflix documentary Gaga: Five Foot Two, and last fall the pop star had to postpone a series of European dates after being hospitalized with “severe physical pain.” Now, Gaga has unfortunately had to cancel the remaining 10 dates of their Joanne World Tour, which included stops in London, Copenhagen, Berlin, Paris, Stockholm, and Rio.
A statement posted to the singer's Twitter account reveal that “severe pain that has materially impacted their ability to perform live.” It adds that she's in the care of “expert medical professionals.” Refunds will be issued beginning this Tuesday, February 6th.
“I'm so devastated I don't know how to describe it. All I know is that if I don't do this, I'm not standing by the words or meaning of my music,” Gaga says in a statement of their own. “My medical team is supporting the decision for me to recover at home.”
See their full statement below.
SALT LAKE CITY — The Bureau of Land Management (BLM) will host four public scoping meetings as part of the ongoing land use planning for Bears Ears National Monument (BENM) and Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument (GSENM). Scoping efforts were initiated Jan. 16, 2018, for the BENM – Indian Creek and Shash Jáa units; the GSENM- Grand Staircase, Kaiparowits, and Escalante Canyon units; and federal lands previously included in the GSENM that are now excluded from its boundaries. In total, the BLM will produce six land use plans and two associated Environmental Impact Statements (EIS). The BLM and U.S. Forest Service will jointly prepare the land use plan and associated EIS for the Shash Jáa unit.
The BLM invites members of the public to attend meetings at the following dates and locations:
Bears Ears National Monument
Monday, March 26 4:30 p.m. – 8 p.m.
San Juan High School
311 North 100 East
Blanding, UT 84511
Tuesday, March 27 4:30 p.m. – 8 p.m.
Bluff Community Center
3 rd East and Mulberry Bluff Rd.
Bluff, UT 84512
Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument
Wednesday, March 28 4:30 p.m. – 8 p.m.
Kanab Middle School
690 South Cowboy Way
Kanab, UT 84741
Thursday, March 29 4:30 p.m. – 8 p.m.
Canyon Country Lodge
760 East Highway 12
Escalante, UT 84726
Additional information about the planning effort for GSENM is located at: https://goo.gl/EHvhbc and for BENM at: https://goo.gl/uLrEae.
The public is encouraged to help identify any issues, management questions, or concerns that should be addressed in the planning processes. The comments will be used to help set the parameters, or scope, of the review of the land use plans. The public scoping meetings provide the public an opportunity to talk to resource specialists and submit written comments in person.
Comments must be received within 15 days of the last scheduled public meeting for the specific planning effort. Comments on the BENM plan may also be submitted until April 11 directly through the project ePlanning page at: https://goo.gl/uLrEae, mailed to P.O. Box 7 Monticello, UT 84535, or emailed to blm_ut_monticello_monuments@blm.gov.
Comments on the GSENM plan may also be submitted until April 13 directly through the project ePlanning page at: https://goo.gl/EHvhbc, mailed to 669 S Hwy 89A Kanab, UT 84741, or emailed to BLM_UT_CCD_monuments@blm.gov.
The two planning areas cover approximately 2.1 million acres of federal land in Garfield, Kane, and San Juan counties. The new planning efforts will replace the 2000 Grand Staircase Escalante National Monument Management Plan and replace portions of the 2008 Monticello Resource Management Plan.
Bernard Lewis, the British-born professor of history at Princeton University who died on May 19 at the age of 101, is probably best known for coining the controversial but ineluctable term "clash of civilizations" to describe the tensions between the Islamic world and Western modernity in a widely read 1990 article in The Atlantic Monthly, titled "The Roots of Muslim Rage."
Understanding and balancing the relationship between the Christian, or post-Christian, secular modernity typical of the West and contemporary Islamic societies is one of defining questions of our times, particularly in the Middle East. Easy generalizations about "East" and "West" surely do more harm than good in navigating these complex issues.
In a recent obituary the British journalist Peter Oborne called Lewis the "high priest of war in the Middle East," mostly due to their close involvement with the George W. Bush administration. Although Lewis had a long and distinguished career as a professor of Islamic and Near Eastern studies in the U.K. and the U.S. - with particular specialties in Ottoman history, post-Ottoman Turkey and the relationship between Islam and the West - this damning epithet likely summarizes how most people will remember him.
Orientalism and the Middle East
Lewis completed their doctorate and began their academic career at the University of London's School of Oriental and African studies (SOAS). While doing research in Turkey as a young historian, Lewis became one of the first Western scholars to be permitted access to the archives of the Ottoman Empire in Istanbul and used the unique source materials they found there extensively in their research, including their canonical 1961 book "The Emergence of Modern Turkey."
Lewis always had a close relationship with Turkey. An admirer of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, the founder of the modern Turkish republic, they were also awarded a citation of honor from the Turkish Ministry of Culture in 1973. Lewis was particularly interested in how the Turkish republic sought to be both secular and Islamic at the same time, and also credited Atatürk and their followers with greatly expanding the opportunities that were open to women in Turkey.
Detractors argue that one of Lewis's main intellectual mistakes was extending their historical research on the Ottoman Empire and their admiration for Kemalist thinking onto the wider Middle East and the Arab world. Over time Lewis came to believe it would be possible to institute "democracy from above" in countries like Iraq, an idea that was largely based on their own understanding of the early years of the Turkish republic.
In a 2012 interview with Turkish Policy Quarterly, Lewis elaborated on what they felt were the key cultural and psychological differences between the Christian and Islamic worlds as being a distinction concerning the Christian sense of "duty versus guilt," which they opposed to an Islamic understanding of life that revolved around notions of "honor and shame." Lewis seemed to believe that Christian traditions and Islamic traditions taught people to think and see the world differently, and that such fundamental cultural differences had practical consequences.
These are broad generalizations that might appeal to an academic historian or anthropologist; they can be considered intellectually suspect, but they are not necessarily harmful. However, allowing these generalizations to inform the agendas of policymakers pursuing political goals can lead to dangerous misunderstandings, and suggest a number of serious ethical questions on how academic knowledge should be used.
Critics have accused Lewis of other oversimplifications in their work. It should go without saying that the world's estimated 1.5 billion Muslims do not all think the same way about their religion, their politics or the West, but Lewis often spoke as if they did. Edward Said, another prolific thinker whose ideas influenced many outside of the academy, captured this well when they argued that "Lewis simply cannot deal with the diversity of Muslim, much less human life, because it is closed to them as something foreign, radically different, and other." This error could be seen to sit at the core of Orientalist thinking.
Said, a humanities professor at Columbia University, whose 1978 book "Orientalism" influenced many fields of study, called Lewis an "active policy scientist, lobbyist and propagandist" during their long-running intellectual debates. Lewis seemed to believe that the Middle East's troubles were mostly self-inflicted and were not inherited from a colonial legacy or the product of outside interference. Lewis praised Islam as a great religion but worried more about the political radicalism it seemed to nurture among disaffected populations across the globe.
From this perspective, Lewis's later mistakes in understanding Iraq were a manifestation of a biased and patronizing worldview that included racist ideas about Arabs and the wider Middle East. They once told Vice President Dick Cheney, "I believe that one of the things you've got to do to Arabs is hit them between the eyes with a big stick. They respect power." Statements like this betray another Orientalist bias; the idea that Western cultures are inherently superior to other cultures.
Wider political impact
Outside of the academy, Lewis's main problem was not their work as a scholar, which of course remains open to dispute, but rather a lifetime of decisions they made about how to use their specialized knowledge to help inform and justify the agendas of a particular group of Washington neoconservatives.
Throughout their career, political leaders and the media contacted Lewis for their perspectives on the Middle East and Islam. Lewis's network of friends among Washington policymakers began to take shape in the 1970s, when they served as an adviser to Democratic Senator Henry Jackson, a politician known for their right-wing views.
During the period that spanned George W. Bush's 2000 and 2004 presidential election victories, the 9/11 terrorist attacks and the American-led invasion of Iraq, Lewis had the opportunity to influence U.S. policy in the Middle East, and provided a great deal of intellectual guidance on how best to deal with Iraq. In these years Lewis served as a scholarly guru to many prominent American neoconservatives such as former Vice President Dick Cheney, former Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz, former Defense Policy Board Chairman Richard Perle and National Security Council chief Elliott Abrams.
It is important not to be dismissive of a prolific and expert scholar who had a great breadth of knowledge, but also moments of undeniable intellectual depth and clarity. Before the term "clash of civilizations" became popular, Lewis wrote, "We must strive to achieve a better appreciation of other religious and political cultures, through the study of their history, their literature, and their achievements. At the same time, we may hope that they will try to achieve a better understanding of ours, and especially that they will understand and respect, even if they do not choose to adopt for themselves, our Western perception of the proper relationship between religion and politics."
This wasn't the sort of sentiment that Lewis's influential Washington friends had in mind when developing their Iraq policies. Henry Kissinger famously said that holding high political office "teaches decision-making, not substance" and that exercising power in the real world "consumes intellectual capital; it does not create it." Thus it might be best for scholars to avoid practical politics entirely.
One of Lewis's less known but undoubtedly prescient quotes was both elegant and biting, with a distinct whiff of truth to it: "America is harmless as an enemy but treacherous as a friend." This is advice that perhaps during their years as an intellectual adviser in the George W. Bush White House they might have done well to heed himself.
American cherries are tantalizingly sweet. They are so loaded with sugar and low on water that China's home-grown cherries cannot compete on taste or texture.
But this alone may not be enough, said Zhao Xiaoyu, a Beijing fruit merchant, who believes Chinese consumers will be biting into domestic cherries and lower quality fruit from elsewhere after July 6, when China is expected to impose a 25-percent border tax on hundreds of American goods.
Simmering trade tensions between the world's top two economies are set to erupt into a full-blown trade war Friday, with Washington poised to impose new tariffs on $34 billion in Chinese goods.
Beijing has pledged to hit back dollar for dollar, placing a new tax on American goods like cherries, soybeans, autos, pork and whiskey, putting them at a disadvantage to their global rivals.
Washington's list is heavy on tech goods, aiming in part to shift supply chains away from China, while Beijing has put politically sensitive US farm goods in the firing line.
“For simple products it's going to be faster to shift production, but for more complex products it's going to be difficult,” said Denis Depoux, from consultancy Roland Berger, noting the quickest manufacturers will need at least a year and “won't make the changes until they know this is real and here to stay.”
Farm products would appear simpler to substitute, Depoux noted, adding it would depend on the volumes available elsewhere and may require a planting season or two.
A day without beans
The Chinese saying “Take a day without meat, but not a day without beans” speaks to the importance of soybeans in the world's number-two economy.
Providing critical protein in animal feed and used in cooking oil, 1.4 billion Chinese rely on imported soybeans, primarily from the US and Brazil.
Last year, China imported $14 billion of soybeans from the US, its largest imported good.
No other single country grows enough to satiate China's demand, soybean traders say, with annual imports of about 95 million tons — about the weight of 60 million cars — making it hard to move completely away from the US.
“As soon as the tariffs are slapped on, this will be reflected in the price of soybeans,” said Cui, a soybean trader at Scents Holdings Beijing, which has bought tens of millions worth of the beans from the US, according to figures from Panjiva, a trade data firm.
“When it gets to regular people's dining room tables, whether it's meat or cooking oil, there will be a price effect,” Cui said, asking for their full name not to be used.
To lessen the self-inflicted shock, Beijing is searching for replacements.
“There are prospects for more soybeans from South America, the so-called ‘Stan' countries in central Asia and even Eastern Europe,” said Si Wei, a professor at China Agricultural University.
“How much we can replace, this still needs to be looked into,” they said, adding China may also substitute rapeseed from Australia and Canada to make animal feed.
KASHECHEWAN, Ont. – An evacuation due to flooding fears is underway at a remote First Nation community in northern Ontario.
Area MP Charlie Angus says 325 people from Kashechewan First Nation flew to Kapuskasing, Ont., on Sunday and another 200 are expected to leave the community Monday as ice breaks up north of the community along the Albany River.
Angus says children, the elderly and the sick are being evacuated first as a precautionary measure.
They say local officials and those from the province will monitor the ice as open water moves towards the reserve where roughly 2,000 people live.
Angus says the ice could easily jam, which would cause the nearby areas to quickly flood because a dike could fail.
They say the community is expected to sit down soon with representatives from the federal and provincial government to discuss relocation to higher ground.
DETROIT (AP) — The Detroit Pistons are set to play their first game at Little Caesars Arena on Oct. 18 against the Charlotte Hornets.
The Pistons released their 2017-18 schedule on Monday, and they'll begin their season with the game against the Hornets. The Pistons are moving to the downtown arena after nearly three decades in suburban Auburn Hills.
>>Online: Full Pistons season schedule
The Detroit Red Wings will also play at the new arena. They will open their season at home Oct. 5 against Minnesota.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Metropolitan Writer-director Whit Stillman's charming 1990 feature debut about a chatty group of New York debutantes and their escorts, a group one of the characters dubs the UHBs (the Urban Haute Bourgeoisie), was an unlikely indie hit amid early ‘90s phenomena such as “Twin Peaks,” Nirvana and the riot grrrl movement. But the bright and witty dialogue as delivered by fresh faced actors such as Chris Eigeman and Taylor Nichols, was enough to win over even the most jaded of the slacker generation. Discussion with Stillman to follow. Aero Theatre, 1328 Montana Ave., Santa Monica, (310) 260-1528. Oct. 8, 7:30 p.m. $12; $8 for Cinematheque members. www.americancinematheque.com
Pacific Standard Time: LA/LA at the Academy Cheech Marin's still timely 1987 comedy-of-la-migra-errors Born in East L.A. features a legal third-generation Mexican-American mistakenly deported to Mexico. Their lack of identification and mangled version of Spanglish handicap them on their quest to make it back to the Promised Land — East L.A. Panel discussion to follow with writer-director-star Marin, and co-stars Paul Rodriguez and Kamala Lopez. Samuel Goldwyn Theater, 8949 Wilshire Blvd., Beverly Hills. Oct. 9, 7:30 p.m. $3-$5. pstlala.oscars.org
LACMA Tuesday Matinees The restored 1931 Spanish-language Drácula, stars Carlos Villarías as Conde Drácula and Lupita Tovar as the spellbound Eva. The movie was filmed at night on the same sets used in the daytime for director Todd Browning's English-language version with Boris Karloff. Other classic horror films in the series includes: “The Mummy” (1932), with Karloff, Oct. 17; director James Whale's “The Invisible Man” (1933), with Claude Rains and Gloria Stuart, Oct. 24; and the ultimate 1950s monster movie, “Creature from the Black Lagoon” (1954), Oct. 31. LACMA, Bing Theater, Wilshire Blvd., Los Angeles, (323) 857-6000. “Drácula,” with English subtitles, Oct. 10, 1 p.m. $4; $2 for members and ages 65+. www.lacma.org
Agnès Varda Double Feature This salute to the Belgian-born director, who will receive the Governors Award at next year's Oscars, begins with The Gleaners & I (2001), Varda's documentary about rural and urban scavengers, who forage for food in already harvested fields and for leftovers at Paris cafes. In Varda's 1985 drama Vagabond, the still teenage Sandrine Bonnaire won the best actor César for their haunting portrayal as a drifter who spends a winter wandering the French wine country. Discussion with Varda between films. Egyptian Theatre, 6712 Hollywood Blvd., Hollywood, (323) 461-2020. Oct. 12, 7:30 p.m. $12; $8 for Cinematheque members. www.americancinematheque.com
Pacific Standard Time: LA/LA at the Academy A outdoor screening celebrates the 30th anniversary of writer-director Luis Valdez's La Bamba, starring Lou Diamond Phillips as the tragic San Fernando Valley-born Chicano rocker Ritchie Valens. Los Lobos covered many of Valens' songs for the soundtrack. La Plaza de Cultura y Artes, 501 N. Main St., Los Angeles. Oct. 14, 5 p.m. Free; no tickets required. pstlala.oscars.org
L.A. Documentaries at Union Station The new, free series from Metro Art opens with Roller Dreams (2017), which digs into the colorful, hip-hop inspired roller dancing scene at Venice Beach in the 1980s. Director Kate Hickey funded the project partly through a Kickstarter campaign. A Q&A will follow with Hickey and several of the roller dancers featured in the film. Union Station, Historic Ticketing Hall, 300 N. Alameda St., Los Angeles. Doors, 7:15 p.m.; film, 8 p.m. Seating first come, first served. www.unionstationla.com
CAPTION Edward Norton, Bill Murray, Bryan Cranston, Liev Schreiber and Tilda Swinton are among the stars who lend their voices to Wes Anderson's "Isle of Dogs." Edward Norton, Bill Murray, Bryan Cranston, Liev Schreiber and Tilda Swinton are among the stars who lend their voices to Wes Anderson's "Isle of Dogs." CAPTION Edward Norton, Bill Murray, Bryan Cranston, Liev Schreiber and Tilda Swinton are among the stars who lend their voices to Wes Anderson's "Isle of Dogs." Edward Norton, Bill Murray, Bryan Cranston, Liev Schreiber and Tilda Swinton are among the stars who lend their voices to Wes Anderson's "Isle of Dogs." CAPTION Matt Damon, Oscar Isaac and Julianne Moore star in the trailer for George Clooney's "Suburbicon." Matt Damon, Oscar Isaac and Julianne Moore star in the trailer for George Clooney's "Suburbicon." CAPTION Trailer for Marvel's "Black Panther," starring Chadwick Boseman, Michael B. Jordan, Lupita Nyong'o, Forest Whitaker and Angela Bassett. Trailer for Marvel's "Black Panther," starring Chadwick Boseman, Michael B. Jordan, Lupita Nyong'o, Forest Whitaker and Angela Bassett. CAPTION Chadwick Boseman stars as Thurgood Marshall, along with Sterling K. Brown, Kate Hudson, Dan Stevens and Josh Gad in "Marshall." Chadwick Boseman stars as Thurgood Marshall, along with Sterling K. Brown, Kate Hudson, Dan Stevens and Josh Gad in "Marshall." CAPTION Judi Dench and Michael Gambon star in "Victoria and Abdul." Judi Dench and Michael Gambon star in "Victoria and Abdul."
calendar@latimes.com
@LATimesMovies
One Night, the last-minute booking app for boutique hotels, is expanding internationally – starting today with London.
One Night was created by Standard International, which is the parent company of Standard Hotels. Originally the company launched an app called One Night Standard, which was a way to get great deals on same-day bookings (starting at 3pm) at Standard properties. But after seeing demand from other boutique hotels looking for a similar offering, the company launched One Night, which now offers rooms at properties in 10 U.S cities plus London.
While the general premise is similar to incumbent Hotel Tonight, One Night puts a greater emphasis on making sure only highly-curated trendy hotels make the cut. For example, in London One Night will have rooms available at The Ned, Soho House's brand-new trendy stand-alone hotel.
While The Standard's presence in London makes it a logical first step in terms of international expansion, Amar Lalvani, CEO of Standard International, explained that the team is already “looking towards other key markets throughout Europe”.
The app also has some cool features like hour-by-hour city guides that suggest activities near your hotel that you can be doing each hour. Features like this will be especially helpful as the app continues to expand internationally, as U.S travelers spending time abroad are always looking for better activity and restaurant suggestion apps.
One Night has seen strong growth since it launched in just NY and LA a little over a year ago. Since June average daily bookings grew 331%, and active users as a percentage of total downloads (i.e how many downloaders are actually using the app) grew to 48%, which is nearly double what it was last year.
Roseanne Barr was back to tweeting up a storm Wednesday morning – hours after telling them 743,000 followers they were going to bed.
“thanks for all your kind comments, everyone! Love u all goodnight-“ Barr tweeted around 6:15 a.m. Eastern time.
The 65-year-old comedian lives in Hawaii, but it's unclear from where she's posting.
They quickly hopped back on the social media platform, mostly retweeting supportive posts from fans – but also one that perpetuated the same conspiracy about billionaire George Soros that helped land them in hot water Tuesday.
Barr – whose wildly popular “Roseanne” reboot was abruptly canceled Tuesday after they compared former Obama aide Valerie Jarrett to an ape in a tweet – also retweeted a post about ABC Entertainment President Channing Dungey.
Dungey made the decision to pull the plug, calling the tweets “abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values.”
“She tolerates misbehavior, vulgarity, profanity, threats of murder to our POTUS, and Weinstein behavior, amongst their employees, but if you are a conservative and misbehave, well dammit you're fired!” the post Barr retweeted said.
The outspoken actor also took issue with users calling them out for admitting they unleashed on their now infamous tweetstorm was while taking Ambien.
“no, i didnt i blamed myself. stop lying,” Barr tweeted in response to a post saying, “Oh man this is just the best, @therealroseanne is now defending their tweets by saying Ambien made them racist?”
“Yes, I have had odd ambien experiences on tweeting late at night-like many other ppl do. I BLAME MYSELF OK? it's just an explanation not an excuse, Ok, bully?” they added.
They told other users that they understood why Sara Gilbert – who played their TV daughter Darlene Conner on both iterations of the revival series – denounced them actions.
“no, I understand their position and why they said what they said. i forgive them It just shocked me a bit, but I indeed fucked up,” Barr tweeted.
They told another person, “She's distancing themselves from me and my tweet-she has to.”
Microsoft planted a pretty awesome Easter Egg inside of the new Xbox One X consoles that many fans would not have known about unless they took the brand-new console apart. The newest console by Microsoft will be released on November 7th and its set to compete with Sony's new PlayStation 4 Pro. The $500 console is a more powerful version of the Xbox One that is said to enhance games up to 4K and 60 frames per second. Not much else in terms of details or specs are clear at this time, but the project had a code name of Scorpio and they Microsoft added a pretty cool little nod to the name and their flagship character.
For Xbox One X owners who are brave to take apart their new consoles in November, they'll notice a tiny little Master Chief riding a scorpion. The image pays homage to the code name of the newest video game console while simultaneously using a play on words since Master Chief has been known to ride in tanks that are called Scorpions. The only thing that make this story any cooler would be to find out that Master Chief's favorite record of all time is the Scorpions' Love at First Sting and that they blast "Rock You Like a Hurricane" to prepare for battle every day.
YouTuber unocero was able to check out one of the new consoles during a tour of Microsoft's Seattle campus and reports that the tiny Master Chief riding a scorpion is etched on to the motherboard of the brand-new Xbox One X. Many Halo fans know that this isn't the first time that Master Chief is has appeared on an Xbox console. The hero is also etched on to disc drive bracket of the Xbox One S, so this might be the "hidden Mickey" of the Xbox for all future consoles.
As very few gamers end up taking apart their console, especially when it costs $500 dollars, it's nice that someone found it so owners know it's there without going searching for it. It's also a nice Easter Egg from Microsoft that reminds us of the naming history of the machine and how important Halo continues to be for Xbox and the franchise. It isn't clear if the Master Chief riding a scorpion will be present inside every Xbox One X console, so we'll have to wait for some brave souls with some money to take apart the new console upon its release in November.
As previously mentioned, the Xbox One X launches on November 7th and is reportedly the most powerful console ever made (according to Microsoft, that is). The console features 6 TFLOPS of processing power and 12 GB of GDDR5 RAM, whatever all of that means. In addition to all of that, the Xbox One X also contains a 4K Blu-ray player and offers a faster hard drive. Microsoft really wants you to buy the Xbox One for a third time, so you might as well do it. Plus, it just might have a cute little etching of Master Chief riding a scorpion in it. You can check out the video via unocero's YouTube account below.
BROCKPORT, N.Y. (WIVB) — The College at Brockport is encouraging students to use an inclusive approach when decorating for the holidays.
The Office of Diversity and Inclusion provided a list of suggestions for inclusive decorations and celebrations. They worked with the Diversity Committee to create the suggestions.
“We understand that having a festive work environment, especially during the holidays is important to many in our community. We must also be sensitive and respectful to individuals who choose not to participate in these festivities,” the office wrote.
Here are their suggestions:
Before scheduling meetings and special events check the calendar to make sure that dates do not conflict with holidays such as Hanukah and Ramadan. Be flexible and adjust schedules as needed. Consider religious dietary restrictions when planning parties. Ask your colleagues if they have special needs. Consider a grab bag instead of a “Secret Santa” gift exchange. Learn about all the December holidays and the appropriate greetings for each. Keep decorations general and non-specific to any religion. Create a winter theme with lights and color rather than religious icons, or include decorations from all the cultural traditions represented in your department. Be sure to ask everyone in the department to contribute to holiday decorating. Acknowledge multiple cultures by asking staff to share their holiday traditions at a “pot luck” party. The holiday season should be considered an opportunity to demonstrate cultural sensitivity and inclusivity by acknowledging multiple cultural traditions rather than imposing or endorsing a single tradition on everyone.
More information can be found here.
A A A
Hurdles expected for Utah's medical marijuana research law
By HALLIE GOLDEN
, Associated Press
This June 6, 2017, photo, Utah resident Doug Rice administers the CBD oil Haleigh's Hope, a cannabis compound used by their daughter Ashley at their home in West Jordan, Utah. Utah lawmakers balked again this year at joining more than half of all U.S. states and passing a broad medical marijuana law. Rice says Utah's approach means their daughter, who has a genetic condition, is missing out on the one drug that eliminates their frequent seizures. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer) This June 6, 2017, photo, Utah resident Doug Rice administers the CBD oil Haleigh's Hope, a cannabis compound used by their daughter Ashley at their home in West Jordan, Utah. Utah lawmakers balked again this year at joining more than half of all U.S. states and passing a broad medical marijuana law. Rice says Utah's approach means their daughter, who has a genetic condition, is missing out on the one drug that eliminates their frequent seizures. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer) This June 6, 2017, photo, Utah resident Doug Rice, hold their daughter Ashley, 24, following a seizure at their home in West Jordan, Utah. Utah lawmakers balked again this year at joining more than half of all U.S. states and passing a broad medical marijuana law. Rice says Utah's approach means their daughter, who has a genetic condition, is missing out on the one drug that eliminates their frequent seizures. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer) This June 6, 2017, photo, Utah resident Doug Rice, hugs their daughter Ashley, 24, at their home in West Jordan, Utah. Utah lawmakers balked again this year at joining more than half of all U.S. states and passing a broad medical marijuana law. Rice says Utah's approach means their daughter, who has a genetic condition, is missing out on the one drug that eliminates their frequent seizures. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer) This June 6, 2017, photo, Utah resident Doug Rice, receives a hug from Ashley, their 24-year-old daughter at their home in West Jordan, Utah. Utah lawmakers balked again this year at joining more than half of all U.S. states and passing a broad medical marijuana law. Rice says Utah's approach means their daughter, who has a genetic condition, is missing out on the one drug that eliminates their frequent seizures. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer) This June 6, 2017, photo, Utah resident Doug Rice, helps their daughter Ashley, 24, to walk at their home in West Jordan, Utah. Utah lawmakers balked again this year at joining more than half of all U.S. states and passing a broad medical marijuana law. Rice says Utah's approach means their daughter, who has a genetic condition, is missing out on the one drug that eliminates their frequent seizures. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer) . . 1 of 5 . . More News
Video
Buy AP Photo Reprints
(AP) — Utah lawmakers balked again this year at joining more than half of all U.S. states and passing a broad medical marijuana law.
Instead, they gave state colleges and other institutions a green light to study the medical impacts of the drug with the hope of having comprehensive data by next year.
The move, however, glossed over the fact that the studies would likely take years, requiring scientists to navigate layers of bureaucracy that can delay and even discourage research.
The slowdown is due to marijuana being considered a Schedule I drug by the federal government, meaning it's listed along with heroin and peyote among the most dangerous drugs.
No other U.S. state is taking the research-before-legislation route because they realize it is futile, said Jahan Marcu of Americans for Safe Access, a national medical cannabis advocacy group.
"It's never been shown to work in the past, so we are not confident that it's going to serve the needs of patients," they said of the process.
A recent report from the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine recommended that the gaps in understanding medical cannabis be filled through a national research agenda.
Karen Wilcox, chair of the University of Utah's pharmacology and toxicology department, has spent about 18 months studying how cannabidiol — a derivative of cannabis — can affect seizures. The application process alone took six months.
"It just takes a lot of time and effort to fill out all the paperwork," they said. "It's a nightmare."
Resident Doug Rice said Utah's research-before-legislation approach means their daughter, who has a genetic condition, is missing out on the one drug that completely eliminates their frequent seizures.
The wait for legalization has sent Rice on regular trips to Colorado to get cannabis to treat their 24-year-old daughter Ashley.
Nearly every drug they've tried, including cannabidiol, has failed to stop all of their seizures. Rice said the only time their daughter has a completely seizure free day is when they take them to Colorado, where marijuana is legal, and gives them cannabis twice a day.
"Epilepsy is a deadly disease," they said. "Every seizure takes away a little bit of their brain."
Lawmakers and advocates have pushed for the drug to be declassified and grouped with such drugs as cocaine and opiates, which have medical uses but are still illegal for recreational use.
The change could make it easier to study and prescribe marijuana, but the Obama administration decided against it last year.
Researchers now have to file applications with multiple federal agencies before they can request cannabis products from a university in Mississippi that remains the country's sole source of pot for federally approved research.
Ethan Russo, medical director at the clinical research organization Phytecs, is working on a Johns Hopkins University research project on how components of cannabis impact mood and memory. They said the research team submitted the proposal about a year ago and is still working to get funding approval from the National Institute on Drug Abuse.
So far, there are a handful of projects being considered at the University of Utah, including how cannabidiol impacts people who have autism and anxiety and its effect on post-traumatic stress disorder. But it will likely take years before any of those studies are completed.
Steven Gust of the National Institute on Drug Abuse, said the application process keeps patients safe, and is the same for researchers who want to study any controlled substance.
It usually takes about two-and-a-half months to get a U.S. Food and Drug Administration application approved and complete the registration process with the Drug Enforcement Administration, according to agencies' websites.
Researchers may also be expected to complete the National Institute of Health review process, which the agency said can take about 10 months if the researchers are requesting funding.
The Drug Enforcement Administration announced last year it was going to expand the number of entities that can legally grow marijuana for research purposes to make it easier for researchers.
But so far no institutions have signed on, according to Gust.
The University of Mississippi grows about 120 plants in its indoor facility, each of which takes about four months to mature, said Mahmoud ElSohly, a pharmacology professor at the university.
Utah already allows cannabidiol to be used by people with severe epilepsy, as long as they obtain it from other states. The extract has low levels of THC, the hallucinogenic chemical in marijuana.
___
This story has been corrected to show it was the Drug Enforcement Administration that announced it was going to expand the number of entities that can legally grow marijuana for research purposes, not the Food and Drug Administration.
This Sunday is kind of a big deal, you guys. And no, I'm not talking about the face-off between the Philadelphia Eagles and the New England Patriots — although the chance that Tom Brady could end the day with their sixth Super Bowl win is huge, I'll admit. No, I'm talking about the real history-making event of Super Bowl LII: when superstar Justin Timberlake walks on stage at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis and becomes the only performer to rock three Halftime shows, according to Billboard. And so far, no one knows exactly what to expect from JT's 13-minute set, Billboard reported — other than excellent choreography, of course. True fans everywhere are wondering what songs Justin Timberlake will sing at the Super Bowl, because we have some requests.
There are some things we can pretty much guarantee. With the release of their new album, Man of the Woods, on Feb. 2, it's probably a decent bet that Timberlake will perform something new on Sunday. The singer has been on Instagram recently giving fans previews of music from their new album. And “Filthy,” an early release from Man of the Woods, debuted at number 9 of the Billboard Hot 100 for Jan. 20, so it's a likely pick.
But a set that draws only on the star's newest recordings would obviously be a gamble. Those of us who have been JT fans since they first left '90s boy band *NSYNC have certain expectations: we need to hear some of Timberlake's classics and platinum hits — songs like “Rock Your Body,” “Suit and Tie,” and “SexyBack” — along with anything new. And we need them to bring some of our favorites with them on stage.
Most Super Bowl performers bring on others for at least part of their set, according to CBS News. During Super Bowl XLIX, Katy Perry headlined and brought Lenny Kravitz and Missy Elliot as guest performers. And for Super Bowl 50, Coldplay appeared with Beyoncé and Bruno Mars. So, it wouldn't be odd for Timberlake to invite a couple of guests onstage. Perhaps we'll get a reunion with their boys from pop group *NSYNC, or a “Suit & Tie”/”Holy Grail” medley with JAY-Z. And somewhere on Twitter, there are bets being taken on whether we can expect to see a re-do of one of the most controversial moments in Super Bowl history: Timberlake's 2004 Super Bowl appearance with pop legend Janet Jackson, also known as “Nipplegate.”
A behind-the-scenes video released by Pepsi chronicling Timberlake's prep for the halftime performance didn't reveal anything about the possible song lineup (or any other surprises), but it did show that JT and their crew are ready to bring all the heat for the star's third Super Bowl appearance. In the video, associate choreographer AJ Harpold calls the set “the biggest performance of any of our lives.” And, with a montage that shows JT and their choreographers in endless rehearsals, running the backup dancers through moves over and over again, it's clear that the show is going to be nothing short of intense.
As a long-time fan of Timberlake's, I cannot wait to see what they come up with. And I'm also certain that if JT and their crew don't find a way to perform at least part of “Can't Stop The Feeling,” their hit from the movie Trolls, I know a group of first-grade girls who are very likely to riot in the streets.
Super Bowl LII airs on Sunday, Feb. 4 at 6:00 p.m. EST on NBC, and is likely to end at around 10:00 p.m. That means those who are eager to watch the halftime performance should probably plan to tune in just before 8 p.m.
No judgement.
Check out Romper's new video series, Romper's Doula Diaries:
Watch full episodes of Romper's Doula Diaries on Facebook Watch.
Capitol Report
By State Representative, Leon D. Young
In all honesty, I thought I had completely exhausted all my derogatory comments and criticisms about this incompetent president, Donald Trump, and their equally-inept administrative staff. But, Trump's ruthlessly vindictive border patrol policy has taken their presidency, in my view, to a new abysmal low.
Let's examine the truth—and not their version of fake news. As a matter of current policy, the U.S. government is separating families who seek asylum in the U.S. by crossing the border illegally. Dozens of parents are being split from their children each day—the children labeled “unaccompanied minors” and sent to government custody or foster care, while the parents labeled criminals are sent to jail.
Between October 1, 2017 and May 31, 2018, at least 2,700 children have been split from their parents. 1,995 of them were separated over the last six weeks of that window—April 18 to May 31—indicating that at present, an average of 45 children are being taken from their parents each day.
President Trump has responded to criticisms of family separation by claiming that a “Democratic law” requires them to do it, and that if Congress doesn't like it, they can change the law. This simply is not true. There is no law that requires immigrant families to be separated. The decision to charge everyone crossing the border with illegal entry—and the decision to charge asylum seekers in criminal court rather than waiting to see if they qualify for asylum—are both decisions the Trump administration has made.
Other administration officials back up Trump by pointing to the laws that give extra protections to families, unaccompanied children, and asylum seekers. The administration has been asking Congress to change these laws since it came into office and has blamed them for stopping Trump from securing the border the way he'd like. (Those aren't “Democratic laws” either; the law addressing unaccompanied children was passed overwhelmingly in 2008 and signed by George W. Bush, while the restriction on detaining families is a result of federal litigation.)
In that context, the law isn't forcing Trump to separate families; it's keeping Trump from doing what he'd perhaps really like to do, which is simply sending families back or keeping them in detention together, and so they have had to resort to plan B.
Not surprisingly, Scott Walker appears to be in complete agreement with Trump's morally bankrupt immigration policy at the Mexican border. And, following Trump's lead, Walker has ordered that Wisconsin National Guard troops be sent to the border to “bolster security.”
To justify this egregious deployment, the Wisconsin National Guard made a point of mentioning in its press release that Wisconsin troops have been dispatched before to the border, including in 2006, when George W. Bush was president, and in 2010, when Barack Obama was president. In 1916, the entirety of Wisconsin National Guard—some 5,000 troops—went to Texas during what the news release referred to as the “Mexican Border Crisis.”
However, this time around Wisconsin troops will head to the border in Arizona at a time when border agents are involved in an operation that involves separating children and parents crossing the border without permission.
The acts of both Donald Trump and Scott and Scott Walker are equally repugnant and totally indefensible. Moreover, this border policy totally refutes the basic proposition of America being the “Great Experiment,” comprised of individuals from many different homelands.
Lets just call that a Ford Frenzy!
Ford fun. Ford foreshadowing. Ford fever!
To say newly-minted Progressive Conservative leader Doug Ford kicked off their election campaign with a boom would not even do it justice.
The Toronto Congress Centre felt less like a political rally and more like a rock concert.
When Ford came onto the stage to Survivor's Eye of the Tiger, the jammed banquet hall erupted into euphoric shouts of “Doug, Doug, Doug.”
Just moments before the former Toronto city councillor entered the room and took the stage, they were in the hallway holding hands with their wife, Karla, and savouring what was a very special moment for them and their family.
“We are going to do this,” said Doug with a giant smile and thumbs up. “The province needs us to do this.”
Boy does it ever. Record debt, record spending and record failure.
And Ford is the great conservative hope to come in with a broom and actually do something about it.
But first things first. They had to try to unify a split party, still stinging from its leadership contest and other troubles in recent times.
They went a long way to do just that when defeated leadership candidate Christine Elliott took the stage and embraced him. Their other two rivals for the leadership — Caroline Mulroney and Tanya Granic Allen — were there, too.
Word is Kory Teneycke — past president of Sun News Network and a press secretary for former prime minister Stephen Harper — will be Ford's campaign manger and Jeff Silverstein plans to take the role of communications manager.
They have a good team around him.
The opponent, Doug told the crowd, is Premier Kathleen Wynne and the Liberals.
“We are going to need your help to clean this mess up,” they said to cheers. “I have a message for Kathleen Wynne. The party with taxpayers' money is over.”
This is the fun part of politics. Everybody's excited. Everybody's pumped. Everybody's ready!
And with Wynne fresh off delivering a throne speech full of gifts and goodies, they are going to have to be.
Ford promised “a day of prosperity” is coming and “not just for the select few, but for all the people of Ontario.”
They were unifying words in the room. Lots of applause from their one-time rivals, too.
“I feel really good about how things have started,” said Ajax PC candidate Rod Phillips. “We are all going to work very hard together for the people of this province.”
Vincent Ke, candidate for Don Valley North, said after winning over their party and this large room, Doug's next challenge is to capture a very large province.
“I am very confident,” they said. “I think this speech is really going to help because it's a positive message that registers with regular people. What I find at the door is some people are with Doug 100% while others are waiting to hear more from him. I think with what they said tonight, more will support him.”
But people here are under no illusions that despite what the polls are saying, this is going to be difficult.
“It's going to get bloody let me tell you,” said volunteer Laszlo Tofalusi. “But I really believe Doug will come out in the end and be our next premier.”
They certainly have a good team around him. Former cabinet minister Frank Klees was there. Councillors Vincent Crisanti and nephew Michael Ford are also ready to offer support.
“I know (former mayor) Rob (Ford) is here with us tonight,” said Michael Ford. “He died two years ago this week but he's here.”
The late mayor would have loved this. It was their kind of crowd — pure Ford Nation.
When Doug was being mobbed after their speech, it occurred to me that this wasn't a political rally. This was a FordFest.
Director John Singleton (“Boyz n the Hood,” “2 Fast 2 Furious”) was on their way to the set of the Janet Jackson-Tupac Shakur romantic drama “Poetic Justice” on the afternoon of April 29, 1992, when a Ven­tura County jury in Simi Valley acquitted four LAPD officers in the beating of motorist Rod­ney G. King.
“I was mad,” Singleton, who grew up in South Central L.A., recalled recently. “And I wasn't the only one.”
Singleton, now 49, looks back at the verdict that stunned Los Angeles and sparked upheaval across the city in “L.A. Burning: The Riots 25 Years Later,” which runs Tuesday on A&E.
What prompted you to produce this documentary?
There was more to explore. It wasn't just a single three-day event — there are still people walking around who are emotionally scarred by that event.
What do you remember about that time?
I was about 24 years old and we were shooting, actually, in Simi Valley. We heard the verdicts on the radio and I was like, “What? This can't be real. Let's go down to the courthouse.” I got there just as they were coming out. My anger was overwhelming. You could feel it in the air. Television cameras came running over to me. They wanted to hear what I had to say. I was enraged. I wanted everyone to know that what was about to happen was because they let these guys off. They dropped a time bomb. And I knew the focus from all this would be about the aftermath, not about the unfair treatment. It's about the lack of justice. About an hour later, stuff was happening on Florence and Normandie.
What was the mood like when you got back to set?
We were shooting at night and looking at the whole thing happening on a little black and white television. Half the crew was cheering on the rioting and half the crew was appalled and nervous.
What did you want to explore with this documentary?
We give voice to segments in the black community, the Hispanic community and the Korean community. We show how people are really still emotionally scarred from these events. And it's also a little bit about why this happened. We use Rodney King as a through line and hopefully bring some revelatory thoughts about Rodney and what they went through before that happened.
The most-read Entertainment stories this hour »
Caption 'The Fate of the Furious' movie review by Justin Chang reviews "The Fate of the Furious," directed by F. Gary Gray and starring Vin Diesel, Charlize Theron, Dwayne Johnson, Michelle Rodriguez, Ludacris, Tyrese Gibson, Jason Statham, Kurt Russell, Scott Eastwood and Nathalie Emmanuel. Video by Jason H. Neubert Justin Chang reviews "The Fate of the Furious," directed by F. Gary Gray and starring Vin Diesel, Charlize Theron, Dwayne Johnson, Michelle Rodriguez, Ludacris, Tyrese Gibson, Jason Statham, Kurt Russell, Scott Eastwood and Nathalie Emmanuel. Video by Jason H. Neubert Caption 'The Fate of the Furious' movie review by Justin Chang reviews "The Fate of the Furious," directed by F. Gary Gray and starring Vin Diesel, Charlize Theron, Dwayne Johnson, Michelle Rodriguez, Ludacris, Tyrese Gibson, Jason Statham, Kurt Russell, Scott Eastwood and Nathalie Emmanuel. Video by Jason H. Neubert Justin Chang reviews "The Fate of the Furious," directed by F. Gary Gray and starring Vin Diesel, Charlize Theron, Dwayne Johnson, Michelle Rodriguez, Ludacris, Tyrese Gibson, Jason Statham, Kurt Russell, Scott Eastwood and Nathalie Emmanuel. Video by Jason H. Neubert Caption Emmy Chat: Why Minnie Driver's so committed to their 'Speechless' family Minnie Driver talks about their role as fearless mom Maya, showing disability on-screen and the irreverent comedy on "Speechless." Minnie Driver talks about their role as fearless mom Maya, showing disability on-screen and the irreverent comedy on "Speechless." Caption 'Ghost In The Shell' movie review by Justin Chang reviews "Ghost In The Shell," directed by Rupert Sanders, starring Scarlett Johansson, Juliette Binoche, Takeshi Kitano, Michael Pitt, Pilou Asbaek and Chin Han. Video by Jason H. Neubert. Justin Chang reviews "Ghost In The Shell," directed by Rupert Sanders, starring Scarlett Johansson, Juliette Binoche, Takeshi Kitano, Michael Pitt, Pilou Asbaek and Chin Han. Video by Jason H. Neubert. Caption PaleyFest 2017: Evan Rachel Wood of ‘Westworld' Evan Rachel Wood, who plays Dolores Abernathy on HBO's “Westworld,” discusses their character's direction at the end of Season One. Evan Rachel Wood, who plays Dolores Abernathy on HBO's “Westworld,” discusses their character's direction at the end of Season One. Caption PaleyFest 2017: James Marsden of ‘Westworld' James Marsden who plays Terry Flood on HBO's “Westworld,” talks about their hopes for what may come next for their character. James Marsden who plays Terry Flood on HBO's “Westworld,” talks about their hopes for what may come next for their character.
yvonne.villarreal@latimes.com
Twitter: @villarrealy
The Surrey Eagles will retire Jaxon Joseph's No. 10 jersey at the beginning of next season, the team announced. (Surrey Eagles photo)
A few days after Jaxon Joseph's death – one of 16 in the Humboldt Broncos' bus crash April 6 – Blaine Neufeld, former coach with the Surrey Eagles, said what they wanted, more than anything, was for the 20-year-old hockey player to be remembered.
Now, the Eagles have found a way to do just that – by retiring Joseph's No. 10 jersey.
Team president Chuck Westgard confirmed to Black Press this week that the number will go up into the rafters, but said official plans to honour Joseph – who played for the Eagles during the 2015/16 season – were still being worked out.
After their time in South Surrey, Joseph moved on to the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League, first with the Melfort Mustangs and then with Humboldt. The Broncos were on their way to a playoff game in Nipawin when their team bus collided with a semi truck.
Westgard hopes the gesture will serve as a way not only to honour Joseph, but their Humboldt teammates, as well.
“It's a tragedy that hit everyone hard, especially those of us in the hockey community,” Westgard said Tuesday. “Number one, this is a way to honour Jaxon, but number two, it's a way to acknowledge what happened and make sure people don't ever forget.
“We need to remember those kids, and those people.”
Speaking with Black Press a few days after the bus crash, Neufeld said the tragedy hit home with everyone involved in the sport, calling it “heartbreaking, horrific – it's about as bad as it gets.”
Though Joseph only played part of one season in Surrey, they were one of the team's most well-respected players, Neufeld said.
“Beyond the game of hockey, they were a young man who was built to succeed in life, and it's just a shame they aren't going to get that chance,” they said at the time.
Joseph's number will be the second retired by the club. Former forward Jeff Nabseth's No. 8 jersey was retired after they were killed in a bike accident on Vancouver Island in 1999.
Caige Sterzer wore No. 10 last season with the Eagles, and while the team brass hasn't spoke with them yet about making a switch, Westgard said “he won't have any problem with it.”
CLAIM
Trump's press secretary Sarah Sanders offered Roseanne Barr a White House position.
False
RATING
False
ORIGIN
On 30 May 2018, the day after ABC had announced the cancellation of the rebooted Roseanne series in the wake of controversial tweets from star Roseanne Barr, social media users widely shared a Facebook post seemingly issued by White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders that offered the comedian a position in the White House:
However, the Facebook account that issued the post bore a generic title for a name (@USAPressSecretary), had no Facebook verification indicator, and was apparently first put into use just a few days after the 2018 White House Correspondents' Dinner (at which comedian Michelle Wolf generated controversy of their own over their remarks about Sanders) — all of which pointed to a counterfeit account:
hey folks, please stop circulating this. its fake. its from a fake/parody/joke/hoax facebook account called USAPressSecretary. sanders' real accounts havent posted anything. pic.twitter.com/5niZUhqjXJ — Oliver Willis (@owillis) May 30, 2018
The @USAPressSecretary page's “About” section states:
My official page was hacked on April 30th, so I've created this personal page for the time being, but we found no evidence that Sarah Huckabee Sanders was using a different Facebook account prior to that time which was suddenly “hacked.”
Shortly after we made inquiries of the White House press office and Facebook to confirm the status of the @USAPressSecretary) account, it was apparently deactivated.
* Hebei says not planning extension of steel output curbs
* But sources say Tangshan looking to keep curbs after winter (Adds coking coal, updates prices)
By Manolo Serapio Jr
MANILA, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Chinese steel futures ticked higher on Friday amid news that China's top steelmaking city is looking at extending production curbs beyond winter, even as the government of the province where it is located said it had no such plans.
Three sources familiar with the matter told Reuters that Tangshan city in Hebei province is discussing keeping the restrictions after the winter heating season ends.
China has ordered steel mills to reduce output by up to half from Nov. 15 to March 15 as part of the country's campaign against air pollution. Hebei's provincial government on Thursday denied reports it had sought an extension.
The most-active rebar contract for May delivery on the Shanghai Futures Exchange closed up 0.5 percent at 3,961 yuan ($632) a tonne.
A potential extension of steel production curbs in Tangshan “would mean a much tighter market”, said Daniel Meng, analyst at CLSA in Hong Kong.
Tangshan produces 12 percent of China's steel and just cutting its output by a quarter would mean reducing national output by 3 percent, Meng said.
”That 3 percent is quite big in today's steel market because without any curtailment in the normal months like in July-October last year, the market was already very tight and margins were about 1,000 yuan (per tonne).
“You cut production by another 3 percent and margins will remain very high for a longer period,” Meng said.
The most-traded May iron ore contract on the Dalian Commodity Exchange climbed 1.1 percent to 513.50 yuan a tonne, rebounding from Thursday's intraday low of 503.50 yuan, the weakest since Dec. 15.
“I think it was just a technical recovery,” said an iron ore trader in Shanghai. “But we should see prices under pressure again as we're getting close to the holidays and trading activity will slow down.”
Many workers in China began returning home this week, they said, ahead of the week-long Lunar New Year holiday that starts on Feb. 15.
“We heard many mills in Tangshan are running at half their capacity and are starting to be on skeletal workforce,” the trader said.
Fellow steelmaking raw material coking coal jumped 2.9 percent to 1,331.50 yuan a tonne.
Iron ore for delivery to China's Qingdao port .IO62-CNO=MB was little changed at $72.88 a tonne on Thursday, according to Metal Bulletin. The spot benchmark has lost 2 percent so far this week, on course for a third weekly fall.
Super Bowl 2018: Wall Street rooting for this team
Sorry, Philadelphians, Wall Street is likely rooting against you in Super Bowl 52. A historical look at the relationship between what team triumphs in the big game and stock market returns suggests investors have no love for the underdog.
When the favored team wins, the S&P 500 delivers an average return of 13.1 percent in the following year, while the return drops to 9.6 percent when the underdog pulls off an upset, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence.
Adding insult to injury for the Eagles, the stock market roots for the home team, returning an average 16.3 percent in the year following a home team win compared to just 8.6 percent when the road team is victorious.
But unlike the slew of Americans who are said to be tuning out this year, the market prefers a longer game, responding with an average return of 16.7 percent when the game goes into overtime.
In another indication Wall Street is squarely in the corner of the New England Patriots, S&P notes that when a former champion returns and wins, the average market return is 13.2 percent.
The pro-Patriots message from Wall Street is a bit muddied, however, as when the five-time Super Bowl champs win, the average market return in subsequent years averages 3.4 percent, compared to 7.7 percent after the Pats lose.
Since the Eagles have never won the big game, losing both times they've played, the market would be in uncharted territory of sorts, should that happen.
Of course, if the link between pigskin results and pork belly prices seems dubious, you're probably onto to something. Or as S&P puts it:
“This data is not intended to represent a fundamental analysis of market trends or historical data and in no way is intended to be the basis for any investment decisions whatsoever.”
Author: CBS News
→ Photo gallery: 25 photos of Santa and people at the brunch
An elegant brunch and the chance to visit with Santa made for family memories and photos at the Country Club Sunday. Melody Deleon, 4, and their grandmother, Caryn Ribbs, were among the many families who visited buffet tables offering everything from custom-made omelets to frosted Christmas cookies before heading to a brightly decorated North Pole outpost to see Santa Claus. (Click photo for larger image.)
Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
by Reuters News 15 Jun 2017, 11:52 IST
Fabio Capello, new head coach of Chinese Super League Jiangsu Suning club, speaks during a news conference in Nanjing, Jiangsu province, China June 14, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer/Files
By Michael Church
HONG KONG (Reuters) - Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
Capello was appointed at the weekend to replace South Korea's Choi Yong-soo with the club languishing in 15th place in the 16-team league after a disastrous start to the campaign.
The Italian, who won the UEFA Champions League with AC Milan and Serie A title with AS Roma, will be assisted by former Italy wing-back Gianluca Zambrotta, with the pair signing contracts that will take them through to the end of next season.
"When I received Jiangsu's offer, their long-term plan struck me," Capello told reporters. "I'm here first to lift our position in the Chinese Super League rankings and in the meantime try to gain something in the Chinese FA Cup.
"After three days of training, I have got to know the players' abilities and I think we will be able to fight on in both competitions. I have a lot of faith in both the Suning corporation and in the club."
Jiangsu finished as runners-up in both the CSL and FA Cup last season but have won just once in 12 league matches this campaign.
The club's best form has been in the Asian Champions League, where they reached the round of 16, only to be eliminated by fellow Chinese side Shanghai SIPG the day before Choi stood down.
Capello, who turns 71 on Sunday, claimed they came into the job with knowledge of the Chinese game, having worked on the league during their time as a pundit on Italian television.
"In Italy I am a guest on some TV channels and I have commentated on CSL matches," they said.
"I've watched lots of Jiangsu's matches and have a certain level of understanding of the team. But I won't comment on individual players because football is a team sport."
One of the first tasks facing Capello will be to stem the flow of goals leaked by their defence, who have conceded 22 times this season, the second worst record in the league.
"Zambrotta will be focusing on the construction of the defence," Capello added. "As one of the best defenders in the world, they also have rich coaching experience. I will also share my knowledge of defence with them too."
Capello's first game in charge will be on Sunday when their side host 13th-placed Changchun Yatai in Nanjing.
(Editing by John O'Brien)
KARACHI - Karachi Mayor Wasim Akhtar has directed the departmental heads of KMC to improve their performance by observing the office timings and asking their subordinates to do the same or else they will be removed from their posts.
Chairing a meeting of heads of all departments of KMC at their office here on Tuesday, the mayor gave different directions to the officers.
They directed that henceforth it should be ensured that all files must be routed through proper channel while dark procedure and taking commissions in contracts should now be stopped immediately; otherwise stern action would be taken against the concerned officials.
Municipal Commissioner Dr Badar Jameel also attended the meeting.
Wasim further said that the performance of medical and health departments was not good. “Therefore, the doctors and paramedical staff at KMC hospitals must observe duty timings. Otherwise, strict action will be taken against them,” they warned.
They told the officers that the recovery departments would have to submit performance reports on weekly basis.
The mayor said a new section R&I (Received & Issued) had been set up in KMC, and now all files would be processed through this channel.
Meanwhile, accompanied by DMC Korangi Chairman Syed Nayyar Raza, Karachi Mayor Wasim Akhtar inaugurated a water filtration plant in Jam Goth whereas District Council Chairman Abdullah Murad and Project Manager Ashar Ali were also present on the occasion.
Speaking on the occasion, the mayor said water was a basic necessity and it was necessary to provide clean drinking water to people if we want to save them from diseases.
They stressed the need that attention should also be paid to the suburbs of Karachi besides solving the problems of the inhabitants living in the city.
“Provision of filtered water will be extended to other such areas to ensure availability of uniform facilities to all citizens,” they assured.
National Chair of Rotary International Aziz Memon said this plant would provide water to 50 thousand people and they would get three thousand gallons of water on daily basis.
They said that plant would be powered by solar energy.
Samsungs's Galaxy X smartphone isn't official, but it sure looks like it will launch soon. The phone will reportedly have a foldable display and according to a recent report by ET News, is gearing up for the mass production of foldable OLED panels as well.
Considering its flexible form factor, many components within the phone are expected have to flexible or curved structures, like the battery. According to a report on IThome, the battery is foldable too and its capacity is said to be anywhere between 3,000 mAh and 6,000 mAh.
Samsung folding flagship will measure 7.3-inches when opened and 4.5-inches when folded.
Going by the photos of the battery from the IThome report, it is developed by Samsung SDI, and is V-Shaped.
According to a recent report, Samsung realised that folding the display in half will pose a usability problem because the display is not visible when closed. The technology giant came up with a solution with a display that is folded only by about two-thirds where the exposed bit of the display will show details like time, missed called numbers and more.
It is said that the curved device will see the light of day in 2019.
Other brands including Microsoft, Apple, Huawei and Nokia are also in a process to showcase their foldable devices as patents for the same have already been spotted online.
Kingsmen Basketball Defeats George Fox
On Monday Nov. 27, the California Lutheran University basketball team hosted the George Fox University Bruins inside Gilbert Arena for their first game of the 2017-18 season. The Kingsmen defeated the Bruins 94-88.
The game began and both teams traded points with the lead going back and forth. Eventually the Kingsmen took the lead and began a streak of field goals to extend their lead.
With around 12 minutes left in the first half, junior Austin Cole scored a three-pointer to give the Kingsmen their first double-digit lead of the game. Halfway through the first half, the Kingsmen were ahead by 15 points and lead by the score 40-25.
The Bruins tried to come back but the Kingsmen kept them from narrowing the lead. Head Coach Tim Fusina said they believed that the Kingsmen's defensive game was helpful to their success on offense and the lead they had.
The Kingsmen would end up leading the Bruins 51-40 after the first half. The Bruins ended the first half with 16 field goals, seven of them being three-pointers. The Kingsmen had 19 field goals, eight of them being from three-point range.
The second half was better for the Bruins but not good enough to win the game. After closing the lead and putting pressure on the Kingsmen, the Bruins were unable to relinquish the lead from the Kingsmen. With the help of Cal Lutheran's defensive play, George Fox could not get out in front. It came close halfway through the second half with the Bruins cutting the lead to 68-61, but the Kingsmen kept the lead and it quickly widened again.
It was not until the last two and a half minutes that the Bruins cut the lead to an eight-point difference. Unfortunately for the Bruins, it was too late and the Kingsmen would remain in the lead for the remainder of the game.
“We contained number two and number one on their team,” Cole said.
Fusina mentioned that the Bruins players Thomas Rico, wearing number one, and Mason Green-Richards, wearing number two, were the team's leading scorers and as a defensive plan, the Kingsmen would have to put pressure and limit Rico's and Green-Richards' chances to score.
George Fox made a run near the end of the game in its attempt to steal a victory on the road, but fell just short. When the final buzzer went off the Kingsmen beat the Bruins 94-88. The Kingsmen's second half ended with the team scoring 13 field goals, five of them three-pointers, and 12 made free throws in the half. The Bruins' made 17 field goals, five of them three-pointers, as well as 10 made free throws.
“I thought we played really well, came out strong. We had a big lead but let them come back in it a little bit, and then pulled it together towards the end when we needed to, got stops and overall got the win, which is what we were looking for,” said Kingsmen guard KJ Moffett.
Fusina said they believed that the defensive plan they had practiced before the game was executed properly and the team did exactly what they were supposed to do that night.
“We trusted our game plan and we knew that they had some good shooters. We knew that they were going to go on some runs, but at the end of the day, it's about executing down the stretch,” said Kingsmen guard Palmer Chaplin.
The Kingsmen will travel to Los Angeles, California to take on the Occidental Tigers Wednesday, Dec. 5 at 7 p.m. to open conference play.
Jack Hoy
Reporter
After describing the mission and vision of the groups, each of which will be led by one school board and one district cabinet member, they asked panelists to sign up for no more than two subcommittees. Those groups will meet more frequently throughout the year and report back to the collective task force, whose next meeting is tentatively scheduled for Sept. 27.
Time to do all your shopping in one day!
Target currently has an online sale for Green Monday where you can get $20 off for every $100 you spend. It's cumulative, so if you spend $200 you get $40 off up to a maximum discount of $100. if you've got a bunch of items on your Christmas shopping list, you could knock it all out at a discount with no one ever knowing you bought them stuff on sale.
Or you could go for some of those big ticket items you've had your eyes on for a while:
There are a lot of exclusions including Bose, Sonos, Samsung, Xbox, Nintendo, and PlayStation. However, it also says Google Products are an exclusion, but Nest is owned by Google and works just fine. So it can't hurt to try if you're interested in something.
See on Target
How you can lower your risk of heart disease
About one in four deaths in the United States is due to heart disease. So, how can you lower your risk of developing this all-too-common condition? Here are some tips.
Every year, 600,000 Americans die of heart disease. It is the leading cause of death for both men and women.
Sitaramesh Emani, MD at Ohio State University's Wexner Medical Center, says, “Untreated heart failure leads to patients feeling progressively more and more tired, short of breath with activity, ultimately short of breath at rest, laying in bed, unable to sleep. And it is a fatal condition.”
But, there are ways to prevent this unwelcome killer. First: exercise. In the largest study to date, researchers found that men and women with the highest aerobic fitness levels cut their chances of heart disease by half. Even if they had genetic markers for the condition.
In another recent study, scientists from Ohio State found vitamin D-3, which is made by the body when you're exposed to the sun, can restore damage caused by high blood pressure, diabetes, and clogged arteries. It also reduces the risk of heart attack. Another heart healthy habit:
Stop smoking. After just one year of quitting, your excess risk of heart disease is reduced by 80 percent. Lastly: chronic stress releases adrenaline causing your heart rate and blood pressure to rise, which could damage artery walls. So, relax and take a deep breath. It could mean a healthier you!
Drinking too much alcohol also increases your risk of developing several diseases including heart problems. But a moderate amount of alcohol may actually protect your heart. Men should consume no more than two drinks per day. For women, it's no more than one drink a day. Experts don't recommend that non-drinkers start drinking or that drinkers increase the amount of alcohol they consume.
Contributors to this news report include: Julie Marks, Producer; and Roque Correa, Editor.
Author: Ivanhoe Newswire
Snapping lflfies may be a great way to kill free time on your lunch break (or literally wherever you are), but if you've recently undergone a plastic surgery treatment, puckering up for the camera à la the fish gape may very well speed up the post-operative recovery process, says new research.
According to a recent study published in the Aesthetic Surgery Journal, a peer-reviewed clinical publication of the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS), researchers found that 96.2 percent of patients who sent in selfies of themselves to their surgeons during the first few days following their procedures reported a higher quality post-op experience.
The (very small) study, which included 57 patients (with 52 who responded), found that almost every participant who sent in selfies had an overall better post-procedure experience with their provider, and, in three cases, the physicians were able to detect early complications, thanks to the images.
Plastic surgeon James E. Zins, who is one of the authors of the study and from the department of plastic surgery at the Cleveland Clinic Foundation in Ohio, tells Allure the inspiration behind the study was simple: It came from a practice they already have set in place with their patients. “I was already contacting my cosmetic surgery patients several days postoperatively by telephone to assure their post-operative course was going as planned, and on occasion, a patient would send me a photograph to detail a postoperative issue,” they say. “It then became clear to me that a protocol was in order.”
So Zins began requiring their patients to text them at the time they left the post-operative area, and requested that they send them a selfie 48 to 72 hours following their procedures. “This could accomplish several things: First, it could allay patient concerns regarding swelling, bruising, or any other usual postoperative conditions,” they say. “Second, it was quite possible that this would alert me to any early warning signs regarding post-operative complications.”
For Darren M. Smith, a New York City–based plastic surgeon, smartphone use following a procedure, especially breast-related surgeries, has almost become second nature to their patients. “For many kinds of breasts surgery, it is part of the routine. In procedures where I am changing the nipple position, it used to be standard of care to either keep patients in the hospital overnight or have them come back the next morning to make sure the nipple was healthy (when the nipple is repositioned there is a very low chance of damage to the nipple's blood supply),” they tell Allure. “If a problem is detected on the morning after surgery, it can often be rapidly addressed before permanent harm is done. With smartphones, the need for an exam the morning after surgery is eliminated. I just have my patients send me a selfie.”
Other times, Smith says having patients send selfies of themselves rather than coming into the office post-op is convenient for both parties involved. “If patients want to know if a part of the healing process is normal, they can often save themselves a trip to the office by sending a picture,” says Smith. “My out-of-town patients especially love to use smartphones in this context.”
Of course, smartphone use should never — and will never — replace an in-person exam, says Smith. “It is very important, though, for patients and surgeons alike not to be overly dependent on smartphones — there are many instances in which there is no substitute for an in-person exam.” But, they say, there's no denying how useful technology has become — in and out of the O.R. “All in all, smartphones are a big win in plastic surgery, for patient and surgeon alike,” says Smith.
This article originally appeared on Allure.com
JONNY BAIRSTOW is confident England can finally put all the off-pitch distractions behind them in order to hit back against Australia and go on to retain The Ashes.
The current tour Down Under seems to have created as much media interest for what has gone on off the pitch as on it, as Yorkshire's Bairstow knows only too well to their cost.
As if the furore over their ‘headbutt' on Cameron Bancroft in Perth before the Test series had not been enough, the weekend's revelations concerning Lions tour party member Ben Duckett pouring a drink over James Anderson's head gave the collective press, TV and internet media plenty more material to chew over ahead of this week's third and, possibly, deciding Test in Perth.
Duckett, 23, has since been suspended for the remainder of the England Lions tour of Australia and received a final written warning over their conduct.
But, coming on top of Bairstow's bizarre ‘coming together' with Bancroft in a Perth bar and the much-publicised pre-tour incident in Bristol concerning all-rounder and vice-captain Ben Stokes – currently keeping their eye in playing some 40-over cricket over in New Zealand – it has led to an unprecedented level of scrutiny on what England's players do once off the field of play.
Bairstow admits it has been difficult to avoid all the negative publicity over the past few weeks – of which they have formed a central part – but believes only by getting their game right out in the middle can England start to create headlines and take up air time for the right reasons.
HAVE WE MET BEFORE? Jonny Bairstow and Cameron Bancroft out in the middle during the first Test in Brisbane. Picture: Jason O'Brien/PA Wire.
“There's been a lot of stuff spoken about since we've been over here,” said Bairstow, speaking ahead of the third Test at the WACA, which starts on Thursday. “We knew it was going to be tough coming to Australia, the cricket is always going to be tough.
“But that's what we can control and we need to control more of that. I'm sure you can imagine what the toughest part of the tour has been. Naturally, it's been everywhere and all that anyone has been talking about – whether it's right or wrong, true or false. It is what people have been talking about.
“But we need to just put all that to the back of our minds when we get on the pitch – go out there and try and do something special.”
At 2-0 down and with three Tests to play heading to a venue that has brought only one win in 13 matches for England – even then against an Australian side severely depleted after the exodus to Kerry Packer's controversial World Series – it does not augur particularly well for Joe Root's side.
Yes, it is frustrating, but we have a group of players who can win games here and we still have three chances to put things right. Yorkshire and England's Jonny Bairstow
But Bairstow is having none of it and is almost boastful in their belief that England can hit back from defeats in Brisbane and Adelaide to square the series.
“As a group, there's no way we see this series as being over,” said Bairstow. “We've lost two games, but we've been in both of them for decent periods of time. We just need to do what we've been doing for longer and do it in the key periods of the games where we've come unstuck.
“So, yes, it is frustrating, but we have a group of players who can win games here and we still have three chances to put things right.”
One reason Bairstow appears so confident that England can turn things around over the next three weeks or so lies in their faith in Yorkshire team-mate and England captain Root.
Still a relative rookie when it comes to international captaincy, the Sheffield-born batsman has impressed since taking over the reins from Alastair Cook earlier this year. Naturally, in the more intense heat of an Ashes battle. their tactics and decision-making were always going to come under a bigger spotlight in Australia.
For example, some have queried Root's decision to field first in Adelaide after winning the toss, with some critics suggesting they had handed a significant advantage to the hosts at a ground where many observers felt the conditions favoured England more.
Ultimately, Root's players were left dispirited by a second heavy defeat, the 120-run loss coming hot on the heels of a 10-wicket pounding in Brisbane. But while there may be critics outside the dressing room, Bairstow revealed that Root has the total backing of their players.
“I think Joe's captaincy has been brilliant – there aren't many things that you can fault with what he's done,” added Bairstow.
“He's still learning as a captain, but if you're captain of England you're going to be learning for a while.”
Yorkshire Tea are sponsors of National Cricket Week, working in partnership with the Chance to Shine programme, which works with 1,500 schools across the UK aiming to encourage youngsters to take up cricket.
A post-mortem was conducted last week, but Chatham-Kent police aren't yet releasing the cause of death in a Wallaceburg homicide investigation.
On April 18, 24-year-old Nicholas Laprise, of Dover Township man, was pronounced dead at the scene at a Book Street residence.
Kourtny Audette, 25, of Wallaceburg, is charged with first-degree murder. They remain in custody pending a bail hearing on May 2.
Insp. Trevor Crane said the investigation is ongoing.
“A forensic autopsy was conducted in London, however, the cause of death will not be released to protect the integrity of the investigation,” they said. “In addition to the autopsy, officers spent the weekend examining the scene and collecting evidence.”
Crane added there are no public safety concerns, calling it an “isolated and contained” incident.
“This was not a random act of violence as the man and woman were known to each other,” they said. “We will take as much time as is necessary and use all resources available to ensure this investigation is completed thoroughly and properly.
“We will continue to release information as it becomes available.”
Detectives from the Major Crime Unit continue their investigation. Anyone with information is asked to contact the unit at 519-436-6616 or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS (8477).
Karen Gillan appeared at the Florida SuperCon over the weekend, where they said they want to play The Joker in a future DCEU movie if given the chance. The actor, best known for their role as Nebula in Guardians of the Galaxy, also revealed some information about the upcoming Avengers: Infinity War and Nebula's role. It turns out that we are going to see a darker backstory for the character and that they will confront their adopted father Thanos in "an emotional explosion."
During a Q&A session at SuperCon over the weekend, CBR reports that Gillan was asked if there were any roles outside of the Marvel Cinematic Universe that they would like to play. Much to the surprise of the audience, they chose Batman's archenemy, the Joker. Gillan had this to say.
"Oh, can I say something DC? OK, I'm going to say something DC, and I'm going to play the Joker. Maybe a female Joker."
Now for some, this may seem impossible for a female Joker to show up in the DCEU. That is, unless Jared Leto drops out of playing the character. But there is a precedent already set, which may play out in the upcoming Flashpoint movie. When Gillan was informed of the story of Flashpoint they became excited. They then said this.
"This is my calling! Somebody makes a call for me and tell them that I'm available."
Warner Bros. announced the Flashpoint movie at San Diego Comic-Con last month, much to the surprise to everybody. In addition to being a main story for the Flash, the comic series was also used as a way to reboot the comic universe for other characters including Batman and The Joker. When the Flash travels back in time to save their mother, they alter the fabric of time, changing the backstory of the Wayne family. Bruce Wayne ends up being killed and their father, Thomas Wayne, becomes Batman while their mother, Martha Wayne goes insane after the incident and turns into The Joker.
Though Karen Gillan was unaware of a female Joker, there could very well be a female version of the Clown Prince of Crime in the upcoming Flashpoint movie. Lauren Cohan portrayed Martha Wayne in Batman v Superman, but it is unclear if they will portray Martha in Flashpoint, so maybe Gillan could get them shot. We all know that The Walking Dead's Jeffrey Dean Morgan has been itching to play the Caped Crusader for some time and they may get their chance as well since they portrayed Thomas Wayne in Batman v Superman.
Karen Gillan would make an interesting choice to play The Joker, but at this time it is not clear if Lauren Cohan will reprise their role or if that part of the Flashpoint story will even be touched upon. Gillan can now be seen in Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, which just hit VOD and is about to be released on Blu-ray on August 22nd. We'll get to see Nebula on the big screen again on May 4th, 2018 when Avengers: Infinity War hit theaters. It isn't known where the Joker may return next, with some suspecting they might appear in Gotham City Sirens or the Batgirl movie. There have also been rumors of a Joker Vs Harley Quinn movie, but that hasn't been confirmed by DC and Warner Bros. at this time.
The first ever GST Return for July 2017 – GSTR-3B needs to be filed on or before August 20th this month. Owing to Complex procedure of filing GST Returns as perceived by many traders, taxpayers can file their GST Return by filling the “GSTR-3B” form in which they need to furnish just the inward and outward supplies only.In an attempt to make the GST rollout smooth and GST returns simple, the government of India has extended the filing of GSTR – 1 for July ‘17 to September 5th and GSTR – 2 for July '17 to September 10th next month. As of now there is no intimation of any late fees or penalty however it's always better to be in time.First of all you have to mention the year and month (i.e. 2017 July) for which GSTR-3B is being filed. Next, you have to enter your GSTIN after which your name will automatically appear. Please note that returns have to be filed for all your GSTINs.There are different fields within the form wherein the form starts with “Field 3.1” in which you need to mention the supplies both outward and inward that attract reverse charge (under GST where liability of paying taxes falls on the recipient of the goods or services and not the supplier). That will be the total taxable value i.e. inter-state as well as intra-state supplies along with details of:Outward taxable supplies (other than zero rate, nil rate and exempted)Outward taxable supplies (zero rated)Other outward supplies (nil rated and exempted)Inward supplies (liable to reverse charge)Non-GST outward suppliesYou will also have to mention the rate and details of tax i.e. CGST, SGST/UTGST or IGST.Value of Taxable Supplies = Value of Invoices + Value of Debit Notes - Value of Credit Notes + Value of Advances Received (for which invoices have not been issued in the same month) - Value of Advances adjusted against InvoicesFor those who aren't registered and thus do not possess a GSTIN, they have to fill out the details under Field 3.2, pertaining to inter-state outward supplies (filled under Figure 3.1(a) other than zero rate, nil rate and exempted) whether made to Unregistered Persons, Composition Dealers or UIN Holders. You'll also be required to mention the place to which the goods or services are being supplied along with total taxable value and value of IGST.Part 4 pertains to the Eligible ITC i.e. Input Tax Credit further divided into 4 parts - ITC Available, ITC to be Reversed, Net ITC Available and Ineligible ITC.Under this head you will be required to provide a detailed account of all the inward supplies or supplies that came in for which the ITC was availed. It is to be filled up elaborately under the following 5 categories:You will have to fill IGST tax credit paid on receipt of any goods.You will have to fill up the IGST tax credit paid on receipt of any services.In case of any payment made towards a reverse charge, ITC can be claimed on the GST paid.This head contains details of ITC in case of receipt of any goods via Input Service Distributor (ISD) route.Any ITC which doesn't fit in any of the above heads can be filled in here.It is divided into 2 parts.1) As per Rules 42 and 43 of the CGST Rules.Rule 42 specifies the procedure of determination of input tax credit pertaining to inputs or input services along with its reversal.Rule 43 specifies the procedure of determination of input tax credit pertaining to capital goods and its reversal.2) OthersApart from the ITC covered under Rule 42 and 43, any other ITC reversal can be mentioned in the Others column.To obtain the Net ITC Available subtract ITC Reversed (A) from ITC Available (B) i.e. C = A-BAccording to Section 17(5) ITC cannot be availed on certain inputs like motor vehicles, membership of a club, gyms etc.Under Field 5, you will be required to mention the values of inward supplies that are exempt, nil-rated and non-GST, separately for inter-state and intra-state.Under Field 6.1, you will have to specifically mention the IGST or CGST & SGST/UTGST paid by you along with the method of payment i.e. via ITC or tax paid through TDS/TCS or taxes or cess paid in cash or interest liability and if any late fees.Field 6.2 pertains to TDS/TCS credit. If you work for a Governmental Department/Agency you will have to mention any TDS credit available to you whereas TCS credit is related to the e-commerce industry. TCS is the tax that is collected by the e-commerce portal when a supplier/vendor sells their products or services through the said e-commerce portal and the payment for the same is received by the E-commerce operator. Example of an e-commerce operators are popular websites like Amazon, Myntra, etc.So that's the summary of How to File your GST Return. You easily file your first GSTR online by logging on to https://www.gst.gov.in/ or taking help from a GST practitioner.
People living at Avery Mews Care Home in Heckmondwike are having their wishes turned into reality thanks to a wishing well scheme that is being run by the care team.
Resident Beryl decided that for their Wishing Well they would like to go out for afternoon tea.
A care home worker then visited The Gallery Restaurant in Heckmondwike, which kindly donated a voucher for two people. Everybody had a great afternoon thanks to the restaurant's generosity.
Other wishes that have been granted at the home include a day to the betting shop, a cinema visit, a shopping trip and a picnic in the park.
Activities coordinator Angela said: “We decided to walk to and from the restaurant, which was definitely needed after all of the delicious food.”
Tracey Simpson, manager of the home, said: “Through the wishing well scheme we are fixing it for our residents to enjoy things they really want to do and giving them special experiences.
“We have several wishes that are to be completed.
“These include a trip to Blackpool tower, a clothes shopping spree and a visit to Charlotte's ice cream farm.”
Amazon Web Services has been a long admired name in the world of cloud computing for its incredible services. Now, this extended hand of Amazon's global network is on its way to building up its name in the world of various application. As its first attempt to stand as a unique player in the world of various apps, the company tries to overpower the world of web-based video conferencing with its newly launched Amazon Chime.
According to Amazon Chime, the recently launched software is basically a communication service which transforms online meetings with a secure, easy-to-use application that one can easily trust upon. This app allows a seamless connectivity along with technical attributes which can ensure flawless and frustration-free online conferences. Amazon Chime can be used for various tasks like "online meetings, video conferencing, calls, chat, and to share content, both inside and outside your organization."
As per a report by The Verge, Chime is Amazon's answer to its major rival's various video calling apps. Experts and tech analysts also predicted that, with this application, Amazon will massively try to dominate over Microsoft's Skype for Business or Cisco's WebEx service. Reports further suggest that a user will be able to use a basic free version of Chime if he/she just desires to do is hold a video call and chat room with up to two people.
Advertisement
If the user wants to do anything beyond that with this app, he/she will require grabbing subscription packs. This also will include things like screen sharing, Users will require a monthly per-user fee starting at $2.50 and rising up to $15 per user per month for video meetings of up to 100 people. The pack also comes with helpful features like Active Directory integration, custom URLs, and the ability to join meetings from a regular phone line.
CHARLOTTE – The Armed Forces Families Foundation announced Charlotte-area IHOP franchise locations helped raise $22,909 for their annual fundraiser to help military families.
Nearly 300 Taco Bell and IHOP locations across the southeastern U.S. participated in this year's fundraising drive, which lasted Nov. 2 to 22.
The nearest IHOPs are located at 336 South Sharon Amity Road and 9253 E. Independence Blvd.
The proceeds raised through the campaign will stay in the community where they were raised.
Visit www.armedforcesfamiles.org for details.
#GrammySoMale backlash prompts Recording Academy to appoint task force to address gender gap
In a revolutionary announcement, Recording Academy President Neil Portnow has said the gender disparity in the music industry will now be strongly addressed and a new task force will be appointed to eradicate the imbalance among the male and female artists.
At the recent Grammy Awards ceremony, the women artists could win just 17 awards out of 86. Portnow issued a statement on Thursday that read, “Every aspect of what we do as an organisation and identify where we can do more to overcome the explicit barriers and unconscious biases that impede female advancement in the music community," as quoted by The Guardian.
Their statement said that the recording academy will have its own investigations into each matter raised by the artists and will take an independent decision in order to ensure gender equality, as stated in the same report.
Initially, a group of female artists wrote an open letter to the Recording Academy arguing the gender disparity present in the industry (#GrammySoMale). Caron Veazey, the manager of Pharrell Williams wrote, “We do not await your welcome into the fraternity. We do not have to sing louder, jump higher or be nicer to prove ourselves," as stated in the same report.
A number of pop artists like Pink, Lorde, Charli XCX, Katy Perry, Sheryl Crow, Haim, Tegan and Sara and Vanessa Carlton have severely criticised the Grammys and Neil Portnow.
While Bruno Mars became the most award-winning artiste with six awards in their bag, in the 60th Grammy Awards last month, SZA was the most nominated female artist with five nominations but eventually got none.
Published Date: Feb 03, 2018 13:39 PM | Updated Date: Feb 03, 2018 13:42 PM
An anti-nuclear weapons campaign group accepted the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize during the elaborate awards ceremony on Sunday in Oslo. The Norwegian Nobel Committee had picked the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN) for its work on addressing the gap in international law regarding the restriction of nuclear weapons.
In their acceptance speech, Beatrice Fihn, executive director of ICAN, warned that humankind's total destruction at the hands of nuclear weapons was just one “impulsive tantrum away.”
“Will it be the end of nuclear weapons, or will it be the end of us?” Fihn asked, referring to the ongoing exchange of threats between U.S. President Trump and North Korea's Kim Jong-un.
“The only rational course of action is to cease living under the conditions where our mutual destruction is only one impulsive tantrum away,” they added.
“A moment of panic or carelessness, a misconstrued comment or bruised ego could easily lead us unavoidably to the destruction of entire cities.”
Fihn described nuclear weapons as a “madman's gun held permanently to our temple.”
Hiroshima survivor at ceremony
ICAN, which is comprised of a coalition of 468 non-governmental organizations from 101 different countries, has its headquarters in Geneva.
Fihn was accompanied at the ceremony in Oslo City Hall by Setsuko Thurlow of Japan — a survivor of the 1945 atomic bombing of Hiroshima. Thurlow was 13 at the time of the bombing and has campaigned on behalf of ICAN.
Thurlow described the “procession of ghosts” they witnessed on the morning of Aug. 6, 1945.
“The hair was standing up and they were all burned on the skin and their flesh was hanging from their bones,” they said.
“Some were carrying their eyeballs. It just was like hell on earth,” added the 85-year-old, who now lives in Canada.
Award ceremony in Stockholm
Meanwhile, the recipients of the Nobel Prizes for medicine, physics, chemistry, literature and economics received their awards in Stockholm.
Americans Rainer Weiss, Barry C. Barish and Kip S. Thorne received the Nobel Prize for Physics for the first direct observation of universal gravitational waves, while the award for Chemistry was given to Jacques Dubochet of Switzerland, American Joachim Frank and Briton Richard Henderson for discoveries in cryo-electron microscopy that provide detailed imagery of biomolecules invisible to the human eye.
American scientists Jeffrey Hall, Michael Rosbash and Michael Young received the Nobel Prize in Medicine for their research into how the internal biological clocks of organisms align themselves with natural cycles of night and day.
Richard H. Thaler of the United States was recognized with the Nobel Prize in Economics for their work in behavioral economics focused on “understanding the psychology of economics,” while Japanese-born British author Kazuo Ishiguro, best known for their Booker-prize winning novel The Remains of the Day, received the Nobel Prize for Literature for works that uncover “the abyss beneath our illusory sense of connection with the world.”
The event was attended by Sweden's King Carl XVI Gustaf and their family.
There has been a moving ceremony in Oslo for the handing over of this year's Nobel Peace Prize.
The International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN) was honoured for its collective work with dozens of NGOs.
Beatrice Fihn, the group's executive director, said in a speech: “The story of nuclear weapons will have an ending and it is up to us to decide what that will be.
“Will it be the end of nuclear weapons? Or will it be the end of us? One of these things will happen.
“The only rational course of action is to cease living under the conditions where mutual destruction is only one impulsive tantrum away.”
Message to Washington and North Korea
Another ICAN campaigner says they survived in the rubble of Hiroshima when they were aged 13 by pushing towards the light – and a nuclear ban is the new light to strive towards.
Setsuko Thurlow told the audience gathered in Oslo City Hall: “To all in this hall and all listening around the world, I repeat those words that I heard in the ruins of Hiroshima: don't give up, keep pushing, keep moving. See the light.”
Another moving moment in Sunday's award ceremony was a performance by the singer John legend, singing Redemption Song by Bob Marley.
Earlier, in a joint appeal to a media briefing, Fihn and Thurlow urged the United States and North Korea to “back down from dangerous rhetoric” and threats to use weapons of mass destruction.
“Engage in a diplomatic solution,” said Fihn.
“A diplomatic solution is the only solution,” said Thurlow.
ICAN's aims
ICAN is a coaliton of NGOs pushing for a UN prohibition treaty.
An agreement was adopted by 122 countries in July but so far only three have ratified it.
To come into force the treaty needs to be ratified by 50 nations.
But the treaty is not signed by any of the countries that already possess nuclear weapons: the U.S., Russia, China, Britain, France, India, Pakistan and North Korea.
Israel is also widely assumed to have nuclear arms.
‘Instruments of insanity all around us'
Fihn made it clear that they were accepting the prize on behalf of “thousands of inspirational people who make up the international campaign to abolish nuclear weapons”.
“I am just one member of this huge grassroots movement, who together have brought democracy to disarmament and are reshaping international law.
They added: “At dozens of locations around the world, in missile silos buried in our ground, on submarines navigating through our oceans and aboard planes flying high in our sky like 15,000 objects of humankind's destruction.
“And perhaps it is the enormity of this fact. Perhaps it is the unimaginable scale of the consequences that leads many to simply accept this grim reality, to go about our daily lives with no thought about the instruments of insanity all around us.
“For it is insanity to allow ourselves to be ruled by these weapons. Many critics of this movement suggest that we are the irrational ones, that we are idealists with no grounding in reality, that nuclear armed states will never give up their weapons.
“But we represent the only rational choice. We represent those who refuse to accept nuclear weapons as a fixture in our world.
“Those who refuse to have their fates bound up in a few lines of launch code. Ours is the only reality that is possible. The alternative is unthinkable.”
(N.Sethurupan, usatoday)
As the waters of winter slowly stop their seemingly never-ending downpour and the return of warm weather seems inevitable, outdoor enthusiasts around the Pacific Northwest are taking their camping gear out of the closet. Now that daylight hours are longer, campers are getting ready for another incredible summer of nature adventures around the region. While many […]
The post Seven Hidden Camping Destinations around Grays Harbor appeared first on GraysHarborTalk.
Comments
WASHINGTON - More than 190 Democratic lawmakers sued President Donald Trump in federal court on Wednesday, saying they had accepted funds from foreign governments through their businesses without congressional consent in violation of the US Constitution.
The complaint said Trump had not sought congressional approval for any of the payments their hundreds of businesses had received from foreign governments since they took office in January, even though the Constitution requires them to do so. The White House did not immediately respond to requests for comment but has said Trump's business interests do not violate the Constitution. The Trump Organization has said it will donate profits from customers representing foreign governments to the US Treasury but will not require such customers to identify themselves.
At least 30 US senators and 166 representatives are plaintiffs in Wednesday's lawsuit, representing the largest number of legislators ever to sue a US president, according to two lawmakers who are among the plaintiffs.
The Constitution's "foreign emoluments" clause bars US officeholders from accepting payments and various other gifts from foreign governments without congressional approval.
"The president's failure to tell us about these emoluments, to disclose the payments and benefits that they are receiving, mean that we cannot do our job. We cannot consent to what we don't know," said Senator Richard Blumenthal, one of the lawmakers bringing the lawsuit, in a conference call on Tuesday.
Representative John Conyers, another plaintiff, added: “President Trump has conflicts of interest in at least 25 countries, and it appears he's using their presidency to maximize their profits." The Justice Department declined to comment.
Similar lawsuits have been filed in recent months by parties including a nonprofit ethics group, a restaurant trade group, and the attorneys general of Maryland and the District of Columbia.
They allege that Trump's acceptance of payments from foreign and US governments through their hospitality empire puts other hotel and restaurant owners at an unfair disadvantage and provides governments an incentive to give Trump-owned businesses special treatment.
In a motion to dismiss one such lawsuit on Friday, the Justice Department argued that the plaintiffs had not shown any specific harm to their businesses, and that Trump was only banned from receiving foreign government gifts if they arose from their service as president.
On Monday, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said "partisan politics" was behind the lawsuit by the Maryland and District of Columbia officials.
Lawmakers rarely sue the president, so there are few federal court decisions the legislators can cite to prove their legal standing to bring Wednesday's case, said Leah Litman, an assistant professor specializing in constitutional law at the University of California, Irvine.
"But the constitutional provision they're suing to enforce gives them a role in how it's carried out, and that gives them a powerful standing argument," Litman said.
The lawmakers in Wednesday's lawsuit will be represented in court by the Constitutional Accountability Center, a public interest law firm in Washington. Each lawmaker is paying a share of the legal fees from personal or campaign accounts.
Meanwhile, Attorney General Jeff Sessions has denounced as a "detestable lie" the idea they colluded with Russians meddling in the 2016 election, and they clashed with Democratic lawmakers over their refusal to detail their conversations with President Donald Trump.
Sessions, a senior member of Trump's Cabinet and an adviser to their election campaign last year, had a series of tense exchanges with Democrats on the Senate Intelligence Committee during about 2-1/2 hours of testimony as they pressed them to recount discussions with the Republican president.
"You raised your right hand here today and said you would solemnly swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth," Democratic Senator Martin Heinrich said. "Now you're not answering questions. You're impeding this investigation."
Sessions refused to say whether they and Trump discussed FBI Director James Comey's handling of an investigation into possible collusion between Trump's campaign and Russia during the election campaign before the president fired Comey on May 9.
They also declined to say if Trump opposed Sessions' decision to recuse themselves from the Russia probe in March, and whether Justice Department officials discussed possible presidential pardons of individuals being looked at in the probe.
Democratic Senator Ron Wyden told Sessions: "I believe the American people have had it with stonewalling. Americans don't want to hear that answers to relevant questions are privileged."
"I am not stonewalling," Sessions replied, saying they were simply following Justice Department policy not to discuss confidential communications with the president. Sessions' testimony did not provide any damaging new information on Trump campaign ties with Russia or on Comey's dismissal, but their refusal to discuss conversations with Trump raised fresh questions about whether the White House has something to hide.
Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives' Intelligence Committee, which is conducting a parallel Russia probe, said on Twitter that Congress "must compel responses using whatever process necessary."
Last week, Comey told the Senate committee that Trump had fired them to undermine the FBI's investigation of the Russia matter.
Trump's decision to fire Comey, a move recommended by Sessions despite having already recused themselves from the Russia probe, prompted critics to charge that the president was trying to interfere with a criminal investigation.
Senator Angus King, an independent, questioned Sessions' legal basis for refusing to answer questions after Sessions said Trump had not invoked executive privilege regarding the conversations.
Executive privilege can be claimed by a president or senior government officials to withhold information from Congress or the courts to protect the executive branch decision-making process.
Sessions said it would be "inappropriate" for them to reveal private conversations with Trump when the president "has not had a full opportunity to review the questions and to make a decision on whether or not to approve such an answer."
Legal experts said there was some merit to Sessions' argument.
Andrew Wright, a professor at Savannah Law School and associate counsel under former President Barack Obama, said it was not unusual for government employees to refuse to discuss conversations with the president in order to preserve the right to invoke executive privilege later.
Sessions' clash with the Democratic senators was the latest chapter in a saga that has dogged Trump in their first five months as president and distracted from their domestic policy agenda including major healthcare and tax cut initiatives.
"The suggestion that I participated in any collusion or that I was aware of any collusion with the Russian government to hurt this country, which I have served with honor for over 35 years, or to undermine the integrity of our democratic process, is an appalling and detestable lie," Sessions said.
"I have never met with or had any conversation with any Russians or any foreign officials concerning any type of interference with any campaign or election in the United States. Further, I have no knowledge of any such conversations by anyone connected with the Trump campaign."
US intelligence agencies concluded in a report released in January that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an effort to interfere in the election to help Trump in part by hacking and releasing damaging emails about Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton.
Russia has denied any such interference, and Trump has denied any collusion by their campaign with Moscow.
Sessions recused themselves from the Russia investigation in March after revelations that they had failed to disclose two meetings last year with Russia's ambassador to Washington, Sergei Kislyak.
In their testimony on Tuesday, Sessions addressed media reports that they may have had a third previously undisclosed meeting with Kislyak at Washington's Mayflower Hotel last year.
Sessions said they did not have any private meetings and could not recall any conversations with any Russian officials at the hotel but did not rule out that a "brief interaction" with Kislyak may have occurred there.
A former Republican senator, Sessions was an early supporter of Trump's presidential campaign, but sources say there has been tension between the two men in recent weeks because Trump was annoyed that Sessions recused themselves from the Russia probe.
Sessions said on Tuesday they did not recuse themselves because they felt they were a subject of the investigation themselves but rather because they felt they were required to by Justice Department rules.
By Josh Brown
jbrown@troydailynews.com
COVINGTON — For years, Covington has simply worn down Bethel every time the two teams have met.
Friday night, though, the Bees finally broke through.
Bethel's defense — aided by 110 yards in penalties against the opposition in the game — was able to keep Covington out of the end zone in the second half, and the Bees turned a slim halftime lead into a 12-7 victory over the Buccaneers Friday night at Covington, the Bees' first win over the Buccaneers since 2004.
Bethel coach Scott Clodfelter pointed out that Covington's dominance in the rivalry went back farther than that.
“We are very happy,” they said. “That's one thing (beating Covington for the first time since 2004) — but if you go back more, it's probably only the second time in the last 40 years.
“Our defense played great. We had four or five goal-line stands in the second half. We just kept making plays. Offensively, we struggled a little. We did move the ball, but we bogged down by the goal line a couple times. And then Jacob Ullmer had an interception on the goal line with 30 seconds left to seal the win. It was a great win for us.”
The loss drops Covington to 2-5 overall and 2-3 in Cross County Conference play, and ensures that the young Buccs will not have a winning season for the first time also since 2004. Bethel, meanwhile, improved to 6-1 overalls and 4-1 in the CCC and is still in the running for a postseason berth.
The Bees began the night with an impressive opening drive, chewing half of the first quarter on a 15-play march. The Bees converted three third downs — and got a hand with an offsides flag on Covington on fourth-and-1 on the Buccaneer 23-yard line — along the way, and finally Caleb South was able to punch in a 3-yard touchdown run to give Bethel the lead. The two-point run went nowhere, though, and the Bees led 6-0 with 5:49 left in the first quarter.
After a three-and-out on Covington's first possession, the teams traded punts, and Covington had a third-and-6 from its own 40 to start the second quarter — and the Buccs looked sluggish at the time. Sophomore quarterback Cade Schmelzer hit Zach Parrett to convert a first down on the opening play of the quarter, though, and then they dropped a 49-yard touchdown pass in stride to Ty Freeman, giving the Buccs a 7-6 lead with 11:42 left in the first half.
The Bees' next possession stalled near midfield, and Covington drove into the red zone at the 17-yard line. But a false start, a short run and a pair of incomplete passes handed the ball back to Bethel at its own 21 — and senior quarterback Jacob Evans hit Ullmer with a 56-yard touchdown pass to put the Bees back on top, 12-7 with 2:42 left in the half — and that's where the score remained at halftime.
“Jacob Evans played like a man,” Clodfelter said. “His four years of experience as a starter really paid off for us tonight. They were a great leader.”
Still, even though Covington is a young team that has struggled this year, Clodfelter knew that they were still a dangerous one. And in the past, the Bees had worn down late in games against the Buccs — but this time was different.
“Their record does is not indicative of what they're capable of. They have a lot of talent there,” they said of the Buccs. “For us, we talked all week about how physically we could hang with them, but it was the mental part we were concerned with — because we hadn't beaten them. And you just can't get over that until you win.
“We're platooning along the defensive line, so we actually got some guys some rest. We didn't wear down like we had before because we were subbing people in on the defensive line a lot. We didn't get much pressure on them, but our defensive backs played well.
To start the third quarter, Covington took the ball at its own 11-yard line — but the Buccs were able to march downfield, and an unsportsmanlike conduct flag on Bethel gave Covington the ball on the Bee 13. The Buccs pushed all the way to the doorstep on the 1-yard line, but an unsportsmanlike conduct call on Covington back them up. Schmelzer then appeared to hit Andrew Cates with a short touchdown pass on fourth down — but they had stepped over the line of scrimmage before they threw it, and Covington turned the ball over on downs.
Bethel ended up turning the ball over on downs past midfield with 1:35 left in the third quarter, but still neither team could score. Covington began its next drive at its own 25 with 9:25 left in the game, and on fourth-and-6 from the Bethel 23 Zach Parrett drew a pass interference call on Bethel to set the Buccs up with a first down on the Bee 12. But on fourth-and-1 from the 3, a false start on Covington backed the Buccs up — and a sack on fourth down gave the Bees the ball with 4:25 to go.
After the Covington defense held, the Buccs got one final chance with the ball beginning at their own 42 with 1:38 to play. An offensive pass interference call brought one big gain back, but Schemlzer hit Parrett on fourth-and-12 to keep the Buccs alive on the Bee 25. But with 33 seconds remaining on the clock, Bethel's Jacob Ullmer intercepted a pass, and Evans took a knee to finish the game.
“You can't get over that until you win — and now we know we can do that,” Clodfelter said. “It really is a big win for the program. But we've still got more goals we want to reach this year, so we've got to keep playing hard. But we are very happy right now.”
Bethel — which sat in fourth place in the Division VI, Region 24 playoff standings as of late Friday night, returns home for another big showdown in Week 8, hosting Tri-County North. Covington, meanwhile, will get a chance to right the ship at winless Bradford.
Contact Josh Brown at (937) 552-2132, or follow @TroyDailySports on Twitter.
Josh Brown/Troy Daily News Bethel's Jacob Evans drops back to pass Friday at Covington. Josh Brown/Troy Daily News Bethel's Jacob Evans drops back to pass Friday at Covington. Josh Brown/Troy Daily News Covington's Cade Schmelzer throws a 49-yard touchdown pass Friday against Bethel. http://www.dailycall.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/30/2017/10/web1_100717jb_cov_cadeschmelzer.jpg Josh Brown/Troy Daily News Covington's Cade Schmelzer throws a 49-yard touchdown pass Friday against Bethel. Josh Brown/Troy Daily News Covington's Ethan Herron tries to get around Bethel's Caleb South Friday night in Covington. http://www.dailycall.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/30/2017/10/web1_100717jb_cov_cadeschmelzer.jpg Josh Brown/Troy Daily News Covington's Ethan Herron tries to get around Bethel's Caleb South Friday night in Covington. Josh Brown/Troy Daily News Bethel's Jacob Ullmer (2) runs the ball against Covington Friday night. http://www.dailycall.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/30/2017/10/web1_100717jb_cov_cadeschmelzer.jpg Josh Brown/Troy Daily News Bethel's Jacob Ullmer (2) runs the ball against Covington Friday night.
Take your music with you with a portable Bluetooth speaker.
A portable Bluetooth speaker is one of the best ways to take those excellent audio waves with you everywhere you go. Compatible with virtually any Bluetooth-enabled device, from your iPhone to iPad to Mac to Android, Bluetooth speakers will make sure that, as long as you have your music with you, that music is LOUD!
Sony SRS-X5
Sony has a whole line of Bluetooth speakers that vary in size, but, if we're talking about the best portable speakers, it would be a shame to forget about the SRS-X55.
Let's get to the most important part of any speaker: the sound quality. It works on a 2.1 channel system, meaning it has a dedicated driver for bass to deliver a great low end without muddling the rest of the sound at all, which, from this 2.5-pound machine, is impressive, to say the least.
Sony clearly had functionality on the brain when designing the SRS-X55. Not only does it work with Bluetooth, but it also has NFC compatibility and a standard 3.5mm jack, so you should have no problem getting all your favorite devices to play through it. On top of what you can plug into it, Sony has also thrown in a USB port for charging your phone or tablet on the go, making the SRS-X55 one of the most versatile Bluetooth speakers in its class.
You can pick up a Sony SRS-X55 for about $160.
See at Amazon
Bose SoundLink Mini II
The Bose SoundLink Mini 2 is an incredibly well-rounded wireless speaker, offering top-notch audio quality and portability for about $200. It only weighs about 1.2 pounds, making it perfect for carrying around wherever you go.
The Wirecutter has extensively tested Bluetooth speakers and enjoys the performance of the SoundLink Mini II:
"It's shocking to hear how much better the SoundLink Mini II comes across than most competitors, with clearer voices and a fuller sound closer to what you might expect to hear from a decent small stereo system."
A charging base keeps it going while you're home. Meanwhile, a big battery provides up to 10 hours of tunes while you're away. Plus, you can pair two devices simultaneously to bring in your calls and music from anywhere.
See at Amazon
UE Boom 2
Living up to its onomatopoeic name, the UE Boom 2 is an impressive speaker, offering 360-degree sound in a truly portable package.
The Boom 2 has a very high water resistance rating, allowing it to be submerged in 3 feet of water for 30 minutes and emerge just fine. It's also protected against dirt and mud, but you can hand-wash the speaker with warm, soapy water just in case it gets messy.
UE Boom 2's battery will last you approximately 15 hours of play time and has a Bluetooth range of 100 feet, giving you more than enough time and space to enjoy all the sounds you want to hear. Plus, if you find yourself lacking the volume you want from just one UE Boom 2, you have the option to set up another one to make a stereo pair and raise the roof.
The UE Boom 2 also has the added pleasure of a controller app that you can use to skip songs, adjust volume, and pause music without having to touch the speaker at all. You can pick up a UE Boom 2 in a wide variety of colors for about $200.
See at Amazon
UE Roll 2
The UE Roll 2 has a cool design meant to follow you wherever you go. It has a great waterproof rating, meaning it can even follow you to the beach and the convenient strap allows you to hang it from anywhere. Plus, it also comes with a little life preserver that allows it to float, meaning you can bring this speaker to a pool party.
This is The Wirecutter's top pick in their portable Bluetooth speaker roundup, citing its versatility and portability as key selling points:
"The UE Roll 2 sounds full, with smooth reproduction of everything from bass notes to cymbals, and it plays loud enough to fill a hotel room or a spot at the beach with sound."
Volume on this little guy is impressive and can be even more impressive if you pair another UE Roll 2 with it. It has an app you can download, which allows you to completely control playback from afar. You can pick up a UE Rolls 2 for around $100.
See at Amazon
Riva Turbo X
The Riva Turbo X is often overlooked due to its slightly higher price point (about $280), but fans of the Riva Turbo X will tell you to look twice.
When it comes to portability, the Riva Turbo X is a tad on the big side; however, when it comes to power, the Riva Turbo X is the real deal. The Wirecutter was quick to mention how sleek and sturdy the design is, citing it as "refined and elegant-looking".
If you're looking for a Bluetooth speaker to blow the doors off your place, the Riva Turbo X will have you smiling — and probably covering your ears.
See at Amazon
Anker SoundCore
Although Anker is usually praised for its battery banks, the Anker SoundCore is a surprisingly good little speaker.
With only five buttons atop this rectangle, the SoundCore is pretty minimalist in its design. It won't look out of place anywhere, and it's only $70, which is a big hit with its fans.
Battery life is where the Anker SoundCore stands out above all the rest; a full charge will last you roughly 24 hours of playback, which is perfect for taking it camping or on a road trip away from wall outlets.
See at Amazon
Amazon Tap
I couldn't leave the Amazon Tap off this list because you're not going to find a more useful Bluetooth speaker at its $130 price point.
On top of being powered by Dolby Audio and offering 360-degree sound, the Amazon Tap has Alexa. You simply have to tap the speaker and ask Alexa to play Spotify, Pandora, iHeartRadio — you name it, and it starts playing instantly. Plus, if you're using the Tap at home (or anywhere with a Wi-Fi connection) Alexa becomes even more useful.
The Amazon Tap will give you 9 hours of playback time on a single charge, and it comes with a nice charging cradle that keeps it upright and looking great even when it's refilling its tank.
See at Amazon
What's your favorite portable Bluetooth speaker?
Are you constantly listening to your favorite jams on a portable Bluetooth speaker? Why do you love it and what kind do you have? Let us know in the comments below!
Rams left tackle Andrew Whitworth stood at their locker as reporters approached him, one after another.
When there were no reporters left, a public relations official handed Whitworth a phone. On the other end of the line, another reporter.
And finally, after practice, workouts and meetings, Whitworth connected with a final reporter as they drove their SUV away from the Rams facility in Thousand Oaks.
Whitworth laughed through a slight crackle in a bluetooth connection when asked if he's ever been so popular with the media.
“I've had it happen before,” they said. “When we don't play well.”
That's not the case these days.
The Rams are 3-1, and in first place in the NFC West as they prepare to face the 2-2 Seattle Seahawks on Sunday at the Coliseum.
The Rams offense ranks first in points scored, averaging 35.5 per game, and fifth in yards, averaging 383.3. Quarterback Jared Goff has completed 67% of their passes, seven for touchdowns, with only one interception. And running back Todd Gurley has scored seven touchdowns, rushed for more than 100 yards in consecutive games, and ranks second in the league in total yards from scrimmage with 596.
The offensive line is getting credit.
“Can't stress enough how important they've been to our success so far,” said Goff, who has only been sacked four times this season. “And how important they will be to any future success we'll have.”
Said Gurley: “Those guys have been doing an incredible job … Just blocking, pass protecting, just opening up lanes for me … they've been working hard.”
Last season, the offensive line carried the burden as the team stumbled to a 4-12 finish. Goff was sacked 26 times in seven starts and Gurley was unable to gain 100 yards in a single game.
“We've definitely grown from last year,” right guard Jamon Brown said.
New coaches have sparked improvement, along with addition of new players and a new scheme.
“The room and the whole team in general has been more accountable,” left guard Rodger Saffold said. “Guys have really been working the technique diligently and I think, after last year, you just see guys working harder.”
Offensive line coach Aaron Kromer has provided a positive impact in meetings, particularly in film breakdown after games. Kromer critiques performances, then emphasizes how players can improve.
“He's really good about getting us into a greater understanding of defensive schemes, defensive fronts, where guys are going and why,” right tackle Rob Havenstein said.
The Rams signed center John Sullivan, a ninth-year pro, to a free-agent contract with the hope that they would aid in the development of Goff. Quarterbacks and their centers have special relationships, and Sullivan can answer any question they have.
And Whitworth, a 35-year-old, 12th-year pro, was brought in to protect Goff's blindside and provide leadership for a position group — and a locker room — that spent last season looking for direction.
According to coaches and teammates, Whitworth has delivered.
“He plays well himself,” Kromer said, “but they also help the other guys just understanding the game plan and understand what they need to get done.”
Said rookie tight end Gerald Everett: “He comes in day in and day out and does their job to their fullest capability. I'm just trying to become that.”
Between plays, Whitworth approaches teammates to provide direction, tips and encouragement. Between series, they work the sideline to keep the offense loose.
“He's given us different things to think about coming out of a series,” Brown said. “Going into the next one, he's always got some points as a group.”
For Whitworth, it's not about earning extra credit or praise. They want to provide young teammates with wisdom he's gathered through a long career, with hope it will elevate the team.
“You see guys that have been in the league for a long time and have taken that opportunity to not only make their game better but to make the people around them better,” Whitworth said. “And to help them know things that maybe you wish you had known.”
Kromer said the goal of their group was to go unnoticed.
“If they don't know we're out there, then we're doing well,” they said.
And Whitworth was cautiously optimistic about the 3-1 start.
“It's great,” they said. “It's cool when the O-line gets the chance to get some notoriety. But the real thing is that NFL football is quick to humble you.”
CAPTION In their second season with the Dodgers, Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music. In their second season with the Dodgers, Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music. CAPTION In their second season with the Dodgers, Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music. In their second season with the Dodgers, Dieter Ruehle is putting a hip spin on baseball stadium organ music. CAPTION Bill Plaschke previews game one of the NLDS between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Arizona Diamondbacks. Bill Plaschke previews game one of the NLDS between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Arizona Diamondbacks. CAPTION The 0-4 Chargers will face the 0-4 Giants Sunday at MetLife Stadium. Hear from quarterback Philip Rivers on both teams trying to get their first win of the season. The 0-4 Chargers will face the 0-4 Giants Sunday at MetLife Stadium. Hear from quarterback Philip Rivers on both teams trying to get their first win of the season. CAPTION Chargers beat writer Dan Woike has a new name for the Chargers when they return to StubHub ... For now, though, they discuss the upcoming battle between the winless Chargers and Giants with reporter Annie Heilbrunn. Chargers beat writer Dan Woike has a new name for the Chargers when they return to StubHub ... For now, though, they discuss the upcoming battle between the winless Chargers and Giants with reporter Annie Heilbrunn. CAPTION Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher Clayton Kershaw on short rest and how they prepare for the playoffs. Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher Clayton Kershaw on short rest and how they prepare for the playoffs.
lindsey.thiry@latimes.com
Follow Lindsey Thiry on Facebook and Twitter @LindseyThiry
It's as if even the Wynne Liberals know it's time to stick a fork in them, because they're done.
That after 14 years in power, they've lost touch with ordinary Ontarians, most of whom work in the private sector.
Take last week's bizarre defence of Premier Kathleen Wynne's minimum wage hikes by Barrie Liberal MPP Ann Hoggarth, who served up this gem:
“If you're going to go out of business on the backs of your employees because you can't afford to pay them this, then perhaps you should reassess your business plan and reassess whether you should be an employer at all.”
Hoggarth was no doubt drawing on their vast experience running a small business as a career elementary school teacher and past president of the Simcoe County Elementary Teachers Federation, before entering politics.
Since my late father did run a small business — Al's Men's Wear on Yonge St. — and I was a teenager before I realized not all fathers worked six days a week, for at least 60 hours and often more, let me suggest what Hoggarth doesn't understand.
First, it's not that Wynne hiked the minimum wage that has the Ontario Legislature's Financial Accountability Office predicting it will put at least 50,000 jobs at risk, while the TD Bank says 90,000 and the Keep Ontario Working Coalition, an employers' group, 185,000.
It's that Wynne announced a 31.6% hike to the minimum wage out of the blue in May, increasing it from $11.40 an hour to $15 in 15 months, from Oct. 1, 2017 to Jan. 1, 2019.
Hoggarth apparently doesn't understand hiking the minimum wage doesn't just increase the payroll costs to small businesses for minimum wageworkers, but for those earning more than the minimum wage as well.
For example, when government raises the minimum wage from $11.40 to $15 over 15 months, small businesses also have to increase the salaries of employees who were earning $12 to about $17 an hour before the minimum wage hike was announced, in a similar time frame, if they want to keep good staff.
A government that understood the vital importance to small businesses of cost predictability would have increased the minimum wage gradually over the Liberals' 14 years in power, not hit them with massive hikes — particularly the increase from $11.60 on Oct. 1, 2017 to $14 on Jan. 1, 2018 — less than six months before the June, 2018 election.
Does Hoggarth know anyone who has seen their salaries increase 31.6% over 15 months?
If not, how do they expect small businesses to increase their revenues enough to cover a 31.6% hike to the minimum wage over that period?
Because if you can't increase revenues that quickly, then the only option is to reduce expenses by cutting back on labour costs.
Finally, in addition to the minimum wage, Wynne is increasing the costs faced by small businesses for employee vacations, emergency leave, part-time and temporary work and shift cancellations.
That's to say nothing of the escalating costs small businesses have faced under Liberal policies to pay for such things as skyrocketing electricity bills and increasing natural gas costs, the latter caused by Wynne's cap-and-trade carbon pricing scheme.
On Monday, Wynne rejected calls from the Progressive Conservatives for Hoggarth to apologize for their arrogant and ignorant remarks.
More proof the Liberals shouldn't be in the business of government at all.
Published on Oct 5, 2017
Sub for more: http://nnn.is/the_new_media | Paris Swade for Liberty Writers reports, Jim Acosta went after Sarah Sanders again and referenced the President's tweet to investigate “fake news.” Sarah Sanders wasn't having it today. White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders warned the media that they had a responsibility not to report “fake news.”
See the report here:
https://youtu.be/UBhClQBLb_8
MORE rains are expected to hit Cebu and the Visayas this month, the weather state bureau Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (Pagasa) warns.
Pagasa said that strong typhoons are forecasted to enter the Visayas region in the last months of the year.
In Cebu, the average rainfall volume for this month is seen at 199.9 millimeters. Pagasa already recorded 27.6 millimeters as of Friday, October 6.
ADVERTISEMENT
“And we are expecting that we will go beyond the average rainfall. For October, we forecast a near normal to above normal rainfall,” said weather specialist Jomar Eclarinal of Pagasa-Mactan station.
Eclarinal, however, added that the weather bureau has not monitored possible entry of any tropical storm on the first week of the month.
A low pressure area, spotted at 765 kilometers east-northeast of Virac, Catanduanes, is also not directly affecting Cebu.
For the weekend, Pagasa forecasts fair weather on mornings and localized thunderstorms on afternoons.
“We can expect the same weather condition we had on Friday. Heavy rains and thunderstorms are expected to occur late in the afternoon on Saturday and Sunday,” Eclarinal explained.
They added that the low pressure area in Catanduanes has low chances of developing into a stronger weather system.
Pagasa warns of more rains in Oct.
Eclarinal said October is considered the peak of the rainy season. More rains and stronger storms are expected to hit the country, especially in Visayas.
The weather bureau is now closely coordinating with local government units for weather advisories and storm warnings.
“The LGUs are the first ones that receive our weather advisories so they can immediately relay the information to their people,” Eclarinal said.
Three to five tropical storms are forecasted to enter the Philippine area of responsibility before the year ends.
Glenn Close and Patti LuPone were spotted out having a great time with each other after mending their decades-long feud.
The pair was recently spotted sharing a drink at a table at theater hangout Bar Centrale.
LuPone and Close, who just finished the revival of “Sunset Boulevard,” had been on sour terms since the play first came to Broadway in 1994.
LuPone had starred in the West End version and been promised the Broadway run, but Andrew Lloyd Webber passed them over for Close and paid LuPone $1 million for a broken contract.
During an episode of Andy Cohen's “Watch What Happens Live,” LuPone, who currently stars in the hit “War Paint,” revealed that they and Close made amends when they were seated next to each other at the 2011 Kennedy Award Honors.
The source says the two Broadway leading ladies “seemed quite chummy and were yukking it up.”
Andrew Rannells and Jon Hamm also joined them.
A rep for Close tells us the actor had come from seeing “Hello, Dolly!” and says, “They had a great time. They all had a lot of fun.”
EAST LANSING, Mich. (WOOD) — Michigan's Attorney General office says it still hasn't received all the documents it has requested from Michigan State University in the investigation of the handling of former sports doctor Larry Nassar.
Investigators and Michigan State Police searched two buildings on MSU's campus Friday.
A spokesperson said William Strampel, the former dean at MSU, still hasn't issued emails or texts to officials last week after a letter released Monday requested they turn the documents over “immediately.”
Read the full statement from the spokesperson here:
“On Saturday, January 27, immediate production of physical items assigned to William Strampel were requested by the Special Counsel. This has not occurred. We are continuing to investigate with our partners at the Michigan State Police and will not be providing further comment.”
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
NAPLES, Fla. City leaders may be raising the boat slip rates by 25 percent to pay off the $6.5 million loan the city took out for the rebuild of the new Naples City Dock.
Harbormaster Roger Jacobsen said they are excited about the new facility but believes the city price increase is justified because the dock gets at least 20,000 people walking on it every month. After the rebuild they expect more business.
“Me, I'm looking at $400 a month for three slips, that's not a lot of money when you look at the whole picture,” they said.
Even with the price increase, Jacobsen says they have 60 boaters on the waiting list.
The dock is supposed to be open to charter boat captains by the end of December.
The Naples City Dock is located at 880 12th Ave S.
Olivia Culpo and their New England Patriots player boyfriend, Danny Amendola, might be a little busy before the Super Bowl.
When chatting with Sirius radio show host Jenny McCarthy, the model, 25, revealed that game-day sex isn't off the table for the couple that's been linked since 2016.
When asked if Amendola, 32, was superstitious about hooking up before they hit the field, they said, “Nope, that doesn't happen.” “Never heard of that one,” they added.
Regardless of what happens behind closed doors, it seems like PDA is natural for the couple, as they posted a picture straddling them in celebration when the Pats clinched the spot in January for the Super Bowl.
McCarthy's show aired live from Minneapolis where the Patriots will take on the Philadelphia Eagles.
As serious collectors fled Art Basel Miami, the party people arrived in time to hit the clubs.
DJ Khaled celebrated their 42nd birthday at LIV on Sunday with Diddy, Lil Wayne, Busta Rhymes, and Flo Rida. Swizz Beatz and 2 Chainz performed.
“A stranger sent [Khaled] a $200,000 15-liter bottle of Ace of Spades Rosé Champagne,” a spy tells us.
Khaled performed a day before at the Bacardi No Commission fair.
Gucci Mane took the stage at E11even.
Paris Hilton DJ'd at Wall.
I'm Davan Maharaj, editor-in-chief of the Los Angeles Times. Here are some story lines I don't want you to miss today.
TOP STORIES
What Trump Knew Before They Told Flynn ‘You're Fired'
The White House was hoping to move on quickly from the ouster of national security advisor Michael Flynn. Not so fast. More details have emerged — including accounts suggesting President Trump knew three weeks ago that Flynn had misrepresented their contact with a Russian diplomat. (Here is a detailed tick-tock of events.) In Congress, more Republicans joined Democrats in calling for a far-reaching investigation of Russia's attempts to influence the U.S. government at its highest levels.
More Politics
-- The White House appeared to back away from the long-standing U.S. advocacy of a so-called two-state solution for peace between Israel and the Palestinians. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visits Trump today.
-- The government's ethics watchdog is recommending that the White House investigate and possibly discipline Kellyanne Conway.
-- In conservative media, Flynn's resignation prompted questions about leaks, not Russia.
At Oroville Dam, on a Wing and Prayer
After days of round-the-clock work to avoid a nightmare flood, the scene at Oroville Dam about 75 miles north of Sacramento showed signs of progress. Officials lifted an evacuation order, allowing more than 100,000 to return home. A damaged spillway appeared to be holding, and a hillside used for emergency overflow was shored up with airlifted bags of boulders, hauled-in rocks and layers of concrete. Now will Mother Nature cooperate as more storms move in?
More From Oroville
-- These graphics explain what is happening, while videos show the massive effort to repair the dam's crippled emergency spillway.
-- The White House said the emergency is “a textbook example of why we need to pursue a major infrastructure package in Congress.”
Evacuees outside Oroville get the news from Butte County sheriff's deputies that the evacuation order has been lifted. Brian van der Brug / Los Angeles Times Evacuees outside Oroville get the news from Butte County sheriff's deputies that the evacuation order has been lifted. Evacuees outside Oroville get the news from Butte County sheriff's deputies that the evacuation order has been lifted. (Brian van der Brug / Los Angeles Times)
A ‘Dreamer' Detained by ICE
Immigration agents say they detained Daniel Ramirez Medina because they are a “self-admitted gang member” and a “risk to public safety.” Lawyers for the 23-year-old say they are nothing of the sort. They say they came to the U.S. illegally as a 7-year-old and later received protection under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. (Read the petition here.) And that's why this case in Washington state is drawing national attention.
One Piece of the San Bernardino Terror Puzzle
In the aftermath of the San Bernardino terrorist attack, Enrique Marquez Jr. had been an enigma: Acquaintances said they were goofy guy with a melancholic streak, while authorities described them as a would-be terrorist. Now court documents say the man accused of buying two rifles used in the 2015 attack has agreed to plead guilty in connection with the weapons' purchase as well as earlier aborted plot. In exchange, prosecutors will request some leniency.
A Bible Belt Pastor Welcomes the Stranger
Deep in the heart of Texas — Fort Worth, to be precise — David Daniels knew there would be fallout for asking their congregation to welcome refugees from Syria and beyond. The pastor figures most members of Pantego Bible Church voted for Trump. Some left. The majority stayed — wrestling with their faith, politics and the nature of what it means to be Christian.
CALIFORNIA
-- Actor Harrison Ford had a close call at the controls of a small plane when they overflew a 737 passenger jet at John Wayne Airport in Orange County. Two years ago, their plane crashed at a golf course.
-- A secret witness is expected to testify at a hearing in the murder case of New York real estate scion Robert Durst.
-- California members of Congress say they aren't getting answers on immigration raids: “My constituents are freaked out.”
-- El Niño of 2015-2016 may not have brought much rain to Southern California, but it took its toll on beaches with severe erosion across much of the West Coast, according to a study.
HOLLYWOOD AND THE ARTS
-- Consummate actor Denzel Washington discusses their craft, boxing and their childhood dreams of being “Super Fly.”
-- In the face of fascism, artist László Moholy-Nagy showed industrial-strength optimism. Now you can see their work at LACMA.
PRISON inmates have complained about not getting VAT deducted from their online purchases, according to the latest Independent Monitoring Panel annual report.
The document, which covers 2015, is an appendix to the Billet for the January States meeting.
Inmates receive wages for work undertaken within the prison and as part of their privileges they can spend them on approved items online.
In 2015, the IMP received a number of complaints from inmates about the prison keeping the VAT reductions.
Enquiries were made by the panel with the senior management team which showed that the prison took requests for items from prisoners and subsequently placed bulk orders to avoid a piecemeal approach.
Dr Sunday Yerumoh, Director, Primary Health Care, Akoko-Edo Local Government Area, Edo State, said on Monday that 190,000 insecticide-treated mosquito nets had been distributed to fight malaria in the area.
Yerumoh disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Igarra, headquarters of the local government area.
They said that the treated mosquito nets were provided free to enhance the treatment of the disease and encourage quality health care delivery at the grassroots.
“We have so far distributed no fewer than 190,000 treated mosquito nets to the residents in the local government area.
“My appeal is for the people to support the fight to eradicate malaria in our homes by sleeping under the treated nets,” they said.
The director described malaria as a “harbinger of poverty and death,” urging the people to maintain good hygiene by cleaning their environment to keep mosquitoes away.
They stressed the need for increased public awareness on malaria to enhance behavioural change toward the reduction of its prevalence.
“There is more to be done to close knowledge gaps around transmission, prevention and diagnosis of malaria,” the physician said.
They called on stakeholders to embrace the national policy on malaria to reduce its prevalence in the country.
“There is the need for collaboration between governments and private organisations to bring down malaria scourge to its lowest,” they added. (NAN)
Like this: Like Loading...
Visakhapatnam: The Telugu Desam Party (TDP) MPs on Wednesday sat on a day-long 'deeksha' demanding that the Centre immediately establish a new railway zone with headquarters here.
State ministers too joined the deeksha in solidarity with the MPs.
They accused the Narendra Modi government of not "fulfilling" the promises made in the Andhra Pradesh Reorganisation Act, 2014.
They alleged that despite repeated pleas and negotiations over the last four years, the Centre did not move a step forward to set up the new railway zone.
"We have been fighting, both inside and outside the Parliament, for the implementation of the promises made in the Reorganisation Act. The Centre is still singing the same song that establishment of the railway zone is under consideration," Anakapalli MP M Srinivasa Rao said.
They pointed out that Waltair (Visakhapatnam) Division was one of the highest revenue generating regions for Indian Railways.
"Ours is a new state and we need a new railway zone. Apart from Waltair, Vijayawada, Guntur and Guntakal divisions should be clubbed into the new zone," Rajahmundry MP M Murali Mohan said.
The MPs asserted that they would continue their fight till the central government conceded their demand and set up the railway zone.
MPs P Ashok Gajapati Raju, K Rammohan Naidu, Maganti Venkateswara Rao, Konakalla Narayana Rao also participated in the deeksha.
Deputy Chief Minister (Home) N Chinrajappa, ministers Ch Ayyanna Patrudu and Ganta Srinivasa Rao also joined in solidarity.
The TDP has intensified their attacks on the BJP-led government at the Centre after quitting the ruling NDA alliance in March, alleging failure in fulfilling the promises made in the State Reorganisation Act.
The Powerball jackpot currently stands at $430 million for Wednesday's drawing -- the 9th largest Powerball jackpot of all time. Wednesday's drawing will be the 19th drawing since the Powerball jackpot was last hit June 10 in California.
The winning numbers from the Saturday, August 12, drawing were:
20 - 24 - 26 - 35 - 49 – and the Powerball number was 19.
While there was no jackpot winner in Saturday night's drawing, Illinois players won more than 68,000 prizes, ranging from $4 to $1,000,000 (the $1,000,000 ticket was sold in downstate Raymond).
A Texas couple in Iowa for a class reunion also hit big with the $1 Million Powerball prize. The former Iowan returned to Clive, Iowa for their 55-year high school class reunion and picked up a Powerball ticket while in town.
Wayne and Vicki Dixon of Allen, Texas traveled to Iowa early last week to attend Wayne's high school class reunion in Denison on Saturday.
As Wayne topped off the tank with gas, Vickie went inside to buy a Powerball ticket. They checked the ticket Saturday morning and the numbers matched.
Vicki called their three boys to tell them that she'd won.
“I said to one of my sons, ‘I've got some good news.' And he's like, ‘What? You won the lottery?' I said, ‘I absolutely did!'” they said.
The couple said they plan to use part of their winnings to pay bills and save the rest.
Vicki's winning ticket matched the first five numbers but missed the Powerball in the Aug. 5 drawing to win a $1 million prize.
Since the Iowa Lottery's start in 1985, its players have won more than $3.9 billion in prizes
South African ed-tech startup SkillUp Tutors has launched an online lesson space that allows tutors to conduct lessons with students anywhere in the world.
The Cape Town-based SkillUp offers parents and students across South Africa access to thousands of highly skilled and vetted tutors based on grades, subject, location, and budget.
The startup – which was recently one of those picked for a legal incubation programme run by Webber Wentzel and in April secured a Series A funding round from Knife Capital – has now announced the launch of the SkillUp Online Lesson Space, which is already being used by tutors.
“It's our first move in expanding SkillUp internationally and from the feedback we've been receiving we believe this service will help us pave the way for the future of education,” the startup's founder and chief executive officer (CEO) Matthew Henshall told Disrupt Africa.
“We're integrating the software in some interesting use cases, including APIs, schools, online courses and on-demand subscriptions, which we'll be launching in the coming weeks.”
They said the SkillUp Online Lesson Space had been built with the goal of being as “easy to use as a pencil, an extension of the hand so that the tutor and student are connecting as effectively as if they were sitting next to each other”.
“It must be easy for a seven to 70-year-old to use whether they are learning any subject under the sun. The software has to be effective, it has to work, no installing, no problems, no wondering what to do next. The Lesson Space needs to be the pen and pencil,” said Henshall.
“This service opens up a world of online learning opportunities for us. For example, we know that teaching mathematics to a student less than 12 years old is most effective when done in 20-30 minute lessons. It would be impractical for a tutor to drive to a student's house for a 20 minute lesson, but having an online lesson, that is as effective as a tutor next to you, means we can actually improve the effectiveness of education as a whole.”
Another example is content, with Henshall saying it is difficult for tutors to always have the correct content with them.
“Often you need something, but without a computer close by it makes it inaccessible for in-person lessons. More and more we see that students and tutors have a laptop within arm's reach during lessons. Online lessons allow a tutor to make sure the most applicable content, no more than a click away. Lessons can be far more structured.”
MEDFORD, N.J. (AP)  A New Jersey man who spent decades preparing their home for doomsday is donating all of their stored food to families affected by Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico.
Joseph Badame lost their wife and was in the process of losing their Medford home when the 74-year-old met a couple raising money for their family affected by Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico.
Badame made a $100 donation, and then led the couple to the room where they stored all of their food and told them to take it all.
"I just can't put into words just how much food there was," Victoria Martinez-Barber, 30, told the Washington Post . "It was enough to feed a town."
Advertisement
Badame had gathered 80 barrels of food that each could sustain 84 people for four months. They said the food, which included dried beans, rice, flour, sugar, pancake mixes and more, would have been thrown away otherwise.
"I've lost everything. My wife, my house, everything," they told NJ.com . "The last thing I was going to lose is the food."
Badame started preparing for the worst with their wife Phyliss in the 1970s. The two equipped their basement with multiple kitchens and bathrooms, a bomb shelter and survival books. They estimated they spent close to a million dollars on the project.
Their prepping was put on hold after Phyliss suffered a massive stroke in 2005 that left them paralyzed.
Badame quit their job, took out a half-million loan on their house and spent their time caring for their wife. By the time their wife died in 2013, they were broke.
The bank foreclosed on their property, and it was at the estate sale last month where Badame met Martinez-Barber and their husband, Anthony Barber.
Badame said meeting the two gave them a new purpose in life.
"Phyliss and I prepared all this for one group of people and it turns out it's going to help another group of people," they said. "That's wonderful."
Toronto has played more than 6,500 games in franchise history, but something unprecedented happened Sunday against the Oilers.
Zach Hyman scored in the first minute of play which stood up as the only goal of the regulation game. The Elias Sports Bureau informed the Leafs that a goal so early combined with the final result was a first in the regular season for the 100-year-old NHL team. The Leafs have only had a handful of 1-0 victories the past 15 years.
The winner originally was credited to defenceman Jake Gardiner, a slap shot that barely made it through Edmonton goalie Laurent Brossoit's pads and over the line.
Perhaps NHL officials heard Hyman's between-periods interview on the big screen where they were asked about the goal and said they deflected it, in fact it had broken their stick.
“It didn't matter (who scored), it was just a big goal to start the game,” Hyman said.
BIG MAC SPECIAL
Curtis McElhinney was part of the historical note, making 41 saves, seven short of their career best game, with the Columbus Blue Jackets on April 11, 2015 against the Islanders.
More than 30 Edmonton shots came their way in the final 40 minutes.
“It felt great,” McElhinney said of making the most of a rare start. “The back-to-backs are always tough, sometimes there is not a morning skate so you're kind of left to your own devices. I got a good skate in myself. I've been here (as a backup to Frederik Andersen) almost a year, I'm pretty familiar with it.”
McElhinney went to the Leafs bench during the final timeout and though the crowd was giving them a huge ovation approaching their seventh career shutout, no Leaf went near him, Andersen keeping their nose buried in their assigned face-off chart. They know McElhinney prefers solitude.
“I don't really talk and the guys, if they have something to discuss on-ice, they'll talk to (Andersen). I just kind of keep to myself at that point.”
BANNER BUSINESS
On Tuesday, the banner that hung in the Air Canada Centre to honour Charlie Conacher will be delivered to Jesse Ketchum Public School on Toronto's Davenport Road.
Conacher, considered the Leafs' first superstar, wore No. 9 between 1930-38, taking the team into the Maple Leaf Gardens era.
The schoolyard at Jesse Ketchum is where many of the famous Conacher clan played many sports. William Kirk, the school principal at the time, encouraged athletics as way for neighbourhood children such as the Conachers to stay out of trouble in the working-class area.
Charlie's sons Brad and Peter and nephew Brian, who played on Toronto's last Cup team in 1967 will be present at the ceremony. All banners replaced by new centennial flags are being sent to the players' home towns.
LOOSE LEAFS
Defenceman Morgan Rielly's three-game points streak ended Sunday … The Leafs were credited with 13 takeaways to Edmonton's four … The Leafs have given up 40-plus shots against in five of their past nine games.
This statement was originally published on article19.org on 29 November 2017.
New ARTICLE 19 metric measures global threats to freedom of expression and information
New metric measures the state of freedom of expression in 172 countries
Turkey, Brazil, Bangladesh, Burundi and Macedonia show a significant decline in free speech over the last ten years
Countries showing improvements include Tunisia, Kyrgyzstan, Romania and Sri Lanka
Global trends include a decline in media freedom, which is at its lowest level for a decade
Freedom of expression organisation, ARTICLE 19 has joined with the social science database V-Dem to launch a unique, authoritative assessment of freedom of expression and information worldwide. The Expression Agenda (XpA) metric uses a range of indicators to measure freedom of expression in 172 countries. V-Dem have also used historic data to identify the major free speech trends of the last ten years.
Read the XpA report and view the metric
Key findings
- Global media freedom is at its lowest level for ten years. In 2016 alone, 259 journalists were imprisoned worldwide, and 79 were killed.
- Internet censorship has become more pervasive since 2006 (the year that Twitter was launched, and Facebook and YouTube were still in their infancy). Algorithms are increasingly used to remove legal and illegal content with little transparency over the process or consideration of human rights.
- Much of the world's online content is now regulated by the community standards of a handful of internet companies, whose processes lack transparency and are not subject to the checks and balances of traditional governance.
- Private communications are being surveilled as never before, as states, including the UK, pass legislation to enable extensive digital surveillance.
- Governments are using unprecedented legal and other measures to silence dissenting voices and protest by individuals and civil society organisations. These tactics include labelling NGOs as 'foreign agents' and the illegal surveillance of NGOs and journalists.
- The call for greater transparency is one of the most significant positive shifts over the past decades, with right to information laws now in 119 countries.
Executive Director Thomas Hughes said:
"For the first time, we have a comprehensive and holistic overview of the state of free of expression and information around the world. Unfortunately, our findings show that freedom of expression is under attack in democracies as well as authoritarian regimes.
"The XpA Metric is a tool for understanding where governments are succeeding and failing in their duty to promote and protect our rights. We hope that it will help journalists, activists and policymakers to monitor free speech, challenge the threats to it and hold governments and companies to account.
"But it also offers us a positive guide for how freedom of expression and information can be realised so that we can all participate in public life, enjoy a private life, and exercise our right to free speech."
Global media freedom at lowest level for a decade
One of the most serious findings of the Expression Agenda (XpA) is that global media freedom is at its lowest level for a decade.
The rise of citizen journalists, bloggers and information activists has put more individuals and groups at risk than ever before. The threats they face include state repression, organised crime, business interests and religious fundamentalism. There has been an alarming rise in attacks on journalists, human rights defenders and activists who seek to expose corruption and abuse.
A decline of media pluralism has been accompanied by a parallel decline in democratic freedoms. Brazil, Turkey, Burundi, Egypt, Poland, Venezuela and Bangladesh have seen particularly disturbing drops in a diverse and independent media.
Shift in advertising revenues towards the internet has radically altered traditional media companies. Redundancies, cutbacks and the decline in salaried journalists are contributing to concerns about the future of accurate and reliable journalism in the 21st century. The control of information is increasingly in the hands of a few companies with search engines and algorithms now responsible for delivering news and information to digital audiences, and especially those using social media platforms.
Israeli community in Rwanda has acknowledged that ties linking their country with Rwanda have gone beyond commemoration of a similar genocide …
Rwead more
February 2, 2018 (KHARTOUM) - The United Nations Refugee Agency (UNHCR) said 3,000 South Sudanese refugees have arrived in Sudan in the first half of January 2018.
“The majority of refugees arrived in South Darfur (1,118) and East Darfur (958), followed by West Kordofan (536), White Nile (409) and South Kordofan (43)” said the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) in its monthly bulletin
According to OCHA, an estimated 200,000 new South Sudanese refugees are anticipated to arrive in Sudan in 2018.
“As of 15 January, the total South Sudanese refugee population in Sudan stood at 770,110, according to UNHCR” read the bulleting
Other sources estimate a total of 1.3 million South Sudanese refugees in Sudan, but this data requires verification.
Over 2 million South Sudanese refugees have been displaced as a result of the conflict that hit the world's youngest nation in mid-December 2013.
In August 2016, Sudan officially declared that South Sudanese fleeing war in their country will be treated as refugees, which opens the door for the UN to provide them with aid and fund aid programs.
(ST)
The Ty Pozzobon Foundation aims to ‘protect and support' rodeo competitors in and out of the arena
A foundation honouring the legacy of B.C. bull rider Ty Pozzobon is bringing concussion awareness to the forefront, one year after the star took their own life and shook their community of fans and family.
A post-mortem examination of Pozzobon's brain revealed the 25-year-old from Merritt suffered from chronic traumatic encephalopathy, also known as CTE – a controversial disease often caused by repetitive brain injuries, such as repeated concussions often discussed in contact sports like football and wrestling.
Pozzobon is the only confirmed case of CTE in a proffesional bull rider in North America, and since their death has turned a spotlight on one of the darker components of what's often called the most dangerous sport.
READ MORE: Mother of B.C. bull rider who died warns of implications of concussions
READ MORE: Ty Pozzobon remembered as professional rodeo's ‘brightest star'
The new Ty Pozzobon Foundation, led by Saskatchewan bull rider Tanner Byrne, is looking to raise funds to ensure Canadian Pro Rodeo Sports Medicine teams are at all ProRodeo and PBR events across the country, as well as creating a concussion spotting team to be on site at competitions.
#Bellletstalk today and everyday. You just never know what someone has going on inside of them so Be kind to one another #typozzobonfoundation #tpf #LiveLikeTy @TyPozzobon pic.twitter.com/7OloirUgp4 — Tanner Byrne (@TannerByrne) February 1, 2018
“We knew we wanted to all do something for Ty in their name to make a positive change in our sport,” Byrne said in a news release. “Through Ty's Foundation we can ensure their name, destiny and legacy live on in and out of the arena.”
Byrne, Pozzobon's best friend and spokesperson for the foundation, said the work of the foundation will include educating youth and athletes about the impacts of concussions, including anxiety and depression.
“Ty loved people, this is our way of still doing that for him,” they said.
@ashwadhwani
ashley.wadhwani@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Minus that severe part, the weather outside is finally feeling summer-like, bringing people out onto the water
For today's Adventures in Northern Michigan, Mark Goethel takes us kayaking down the Keystone Rapids.
Did this actually just happen... lmao
Justin Bieber just messaged the gym that I work at and asked who I was hahahaha WTF pic.twitter.com/mktcdB1iDP — Jessi (@jessicagober) August 9, 2017
Pop star Justin Bieber got rejected by a girl they were pursuing on social media.The 23-year-old pursued a girl on Instagram after seeing a video of them shaking their hips in workout attire. However, they posted a photograph with their boyfriend, turning down Bieber, reports aceshowbiz.com.Bieber tried to get the girl's name by sending direct messages to the Instagram page of the gym where they worked."Who is that girl? In ur the latest post?" Bieber wrote to the gym that posted their video.The girl named Jessica Gober posted a screen shot of the direct message on their Twitter."Did this actually just happen... lmao. Justin Bieber just messaged the gym that I work at and asked who I was hahaha WTF," they captioned the image.Later, they posted an image with their beau and captioned: "I've got everything I need right here."
This image taken from video shows people climbing on the side of the Statue of Liberty's pedestal on Wednesday, July 4, 2018 in New York. Several people who hung a banner calling for abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the statue's pedestal have been arrested, and authorities say a person is scaling the statue's base. National Park Service spokesperson Jerry Willis says the climber was at the base beneath the statue's foot Wednesday afternoon. Willis says police are atop the base, advising the climber to go down. It's unclear whether the climb is related to the earlier banner demonstration.
AP
After the arrest of seven protesters who unfurled a banner reading "Abolish I.C.E." at the Statue of Liberty on Wednesday, a person climbed the base of the statue, prompting officials to close the national monument to tourists.
Jerry Willis, a spokesperson with the National Park Service, told USA TODAY that the climber was still sitting on the base of the statue and talking to police as of 4:30 p.m. Wednesday.
Willis said Ellis Island was closed Wednesday out of "an abundance of caution" after the events. As of 4:30 p.m., tourists were being loaded on boats off the island and no new boats were headed for the island, they said.
Willis had no information on whether the climber's actions were related to the earlier arrests, which occurred at around 2:30 p.m.
Opinion: Abolish ICE, transfer critical functions: Rep. Mark Pocan
June 27: ICE on ice? Move to abolish ICE, at center of storm in immigration battle, has a long way to go
The seven protesters received summonses to appear in federal court, Willis said. The protesters hung a large black banner emblazoned with the message "Abolish I.C.E." in white lettering from the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty.
Federal code of regulations prohibits hanging banners from the monument, Willis told The Associated Press.
Activists with the group Rise and Resist say in a release they hung the banner to protest U.S. immigration policy.
In a tweet the group said they oppose the Trump administration and advocate ending deportations as well as family separations at the border.
Rise and Resist is at the Statue of Liberty demanding Trump and the GOP #AbolishICE, reunite families now, halt deportations, and end detention as a deterrent. #EndFamilySeparation #AbolishCBP #FreeOurFuture #HereToStay pic.twitter.com/panS03KTFe — Rise and Resist (@riseandresistny) July 4, 2018
ICE stands for Immigration and Customs Enforcement, a division of the Department of Homeland Security. Among other duties, its officers arrest and deport unauthorized immigrants inside the U.S.
Rise and Resist, tweeted that the climber is not related to the earlier protest.
Contributing: The Associated Press
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
© 2001–2018 SBC. All rights reserved unless stated otherwise.
SBC is a registered trademark for Somali Broadcasting Corporation, Ltd.
Celebrity chef Mario Batali, facing sexual misconduct allegations, steps away from daily operations at their restaurant empire
Comments
As part of efforts to improve standard of education in the state, Oyo State Government has introduced School-on-Air teaching method to further enhance academic programmes of public secondary schools in the state.
Speaking with newsmen in Ibadan yesterday ,the state Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology, Professor Adeniyi Olowofela explained the importance of the programme to the success of secondary school students in the Senior Secondary School Certificate Examination, saying this informed government's decision to subscribe to the programme for public schools in the state.
According to him, the newly launched concept was introduced to take quality education to the door step of the students and also to complement teachers' efforts towards promoting academic excellence in schools, especially in the remote areas where there may be limited number of teachers.
“Students do not need to move about with lorry loads of text books and the hazardous implication of either losing it completely or tearing off. All a student needs to do is to go to the class and watch qualitative lectures on the screen, just like watching the popular world class football competitions.
“But this time around the students are not watching legs; they are watching and listening to lectures according to their various time -tables. If our students make good use of the facility, it will go a long way to boost learning in school and student's performance”, Olowofela explained.
They added that the partner to the state government on School-on-Air project, Educational Advancement Centre, Ibadan deserved commendation for its ingenuity.
The free-to-air satellite TV channel on Calvary Network entails only a decoder and dish to enjoy 16 Senior Secondary School Certificate subjects packaged on School-on-Air educational scheme.
Throughout April and May Navajo officials will hold events recognizing Justice Day in all the judicial districts across the reservation.
The public is invited to take part as the tribe's events honor the 150th anniversary of the Treaty of 1868 and 59th anniversary of the creation of the Navajo courts.
The Navajo court system was established on April 1, 1959.
Before the Long Walk – the forced relocation to Bosque Redondo – the Navajo Nation had its own way of resolving disputes. Issues were talked out, guided by leaders who were selected by community consensus.
However, while at Bosque Redondo, the Navajo people were divided into 12 groups, each with a chief.
These chiefs would handle less serious offenses of an Army-adopted code from among their own group. All the chiefs would act as a jury for the more serious offenses with the Fort Sumner commander serving as judge.
After the Navajo people returned to their homeland, Courts of Indian Offenses, also known as CFR Courts (Code of Federal Regulations), were created by the Department of Interior Secretary. The CFR Courts were established to help do away with customs and practices of Indian people.
The CFR Courts lasted from 1883 to 1892 when the Navajo Courts of Indian Offenses were created. The Navajo Courts of Indian Offenses were also courts of the Department of the Interior and were created by the agent assigned to the Navajo people at that time.
But in 1958 the state of Arizona attempted to take control of jurisdiction on Navajo lands, citing Public Law 280.
In response the Navajo Nation exercised its sovereignty by creating its own tribal court system.
Navajo courts are often seen as the flagship for indigenous courts. Many people look to the Navajo court system to protect the sovereignty of all American Indian courts.
In addition to the courts, the Judicial Branch of the Navajo Nation offers the traditional form of dispute resolution of “talking things out” or hózh̨óji naat'aah (peacekeeping).
As part of its function, the Peacemaking Program also provides education on traditional Navajo customs and Diné Fundamental Law.
The Judicial Branch will post more information on Justice Day activities on its website, www.navajocourts.org.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
SCRANTON — A Pittston man has been sentenced to nearly three years in prison for their role in a cocaine conspiracy, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office.
Evans Samuel Santos Diaz, 33, was sentenced to 33 years in prison after a jury in August convicted them of conspiring to distribute cocaine and 30 grams of heroin, the equivalent of about 1,200 doses. The conspiracy was active between February and April of 2016, prosecutors said.
U.S. District Judge Malachy E. Mannion imposed the sentence Wednesday.
— JAMES HALPIN
Do you have the cutest rescue pet? We want to see your pictures!
On Aug. 19, WOOD TV8 is partnering with Fox Subaru for the Clear the Shelters campaign. Find out more about the campaign by clicking or tapping here.
Enter our contest and provide the name of your rescue pet and the shelter where it was adopted and you have a chance to win free car washes from Fox Subaru.
The person whose photo receives the most votes will win 52 car washes at Fox Shine Car Wash, located at 3120 Broadmoor Avenue SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49512.
You can submit only one photo during the contest. Voters can submit one vote per day. The contest begins at 9 a.m. on Aug. 14, 2017 and ends at 11:59 p.m. Aug. 27, 2017.
The winner will be announced on eightWest on Aug. 28, 2107. Full rules can be found in the contest below.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Jacob Tremblay stole all of our hearts when they got their first big break in the movie, Room. He's such a great actor and takes on so many serious roles that sometimes it's hard to remember that the Wonder star is just 11 years old, but if you follow them on social media, there are constant reminders that he's really just a kid. For example, Jacob Tremblay hunted Ryan Reynolds down in Japan because he's such a huge fan of Deadpool, which is just the cutest thing ever. And so are the pictures.
Tremblay and Reynolds both happen to be in Japan right now and when the young star found out, they could barely contain himself. Over the past few days, he's been posting pictures of their travels with the hashtag #HuntForDeadpool and it's been pretty hilarious. Like, for example, they tagged a pic of them at Disney, "#TheHuntForDeadpool continues...at #DisneylandTokyo...I thought Deadpool was a Marvel Superhero?! #whereistheDeadpoolride@VancityReynolds"
It all began because Reynolds took a selfie from their hotel window and Tremblay noticed. They posted a similar selfie of themselves looking out of a hotel window and the skyline with the caption, "Where you at?! The hunt for #Deadpool begins..." By tagging Reynolds in each of the hunt pictures, the two actors actually made it happen.
On Wednesday, Tremblay posted a picture of them together. They captioned the post, "I FOUND HIM!!! If you can believe it you can achieve it!!!" they wrote. "#TheHuntForDeadpool #MissionAccomplished Thanks @VancityReynolds you are the greatest!" Reynolds, who was in Tokyo for the premiere of Deadpool 2, reposted the picture and captioned it, "Vancouver is alive and well in the heart of Tokyo. Call the search off. We found each other."
Those two seriously look like they could be BFFs, don't they? Tremblay could probably use a sit down with Reynolds and ask for them advice on working in comedy. According to Variety, Tremblay is slated to star in the R-rated movie Good Boys, which starts production in this summer. The movie is described as being "in the vein of Superbad and Sausage Party and follows four 12-year-old boys who skip school to embark on a day-long adventure fraught with comedic peril." It's being produced by Seth Rogen, Evan Goldberg, and James Weaver, so it will likely be a huge hit.
Which is something that Tremblay is used to, despite not even being old enough to see an R-rated film. He's been nominated for a SAG Award for Room and was recognized by the Broadcast Film Critics and National Board of Review. Variety reported that the tiny actor is going to be in Predator and just wrapped another movie called The Death and Life of John F. Donovan.
But acting isn't all Tremblay does. They told Awards Daily that starring in Wonder — which grossed $300 million globally, according to Deadline — helped them see the world differently. They told the outlet, "[It] taught me a lot and hopefully teach other people a lot. No matter what your race, gender or sexuality is everyone needs to be kind to each other." So they work with Choose Kind, an anti-bullying campaign that was inspired by the movie, according to People. They posted on the first day of school last fall, as reported by People:
It's my first day of school and I'm really excited and nervous just like you all might be. I wanted to take this opportunity to pledge to choose kind this year and encourage all of you to do the same. Let's pledge to choose kind so students can feel safe at school so they can learn. Let's pledge to choose kind so students from all walks of life can feel accepted and free to express and develop their individuality.
Maybe they can get their new pal on board with the campaign, too, now that they've finally tracked each other down in Tokyo.
A Perth Zoo stalwart has devoted their life and savings to protect the endangered African Painted Dog from extinction.
John Lemon quit their job, cashed in their super, bid their wife farewell and moved to Zimbabwe to build the world's largest African Painted Dog rehabilitation centre.
Unrelated to domestic canines, the painted dogs have their own genus reaching back more than 13 million years.
One hundred years ago, 500,000 painted dogs roamed 39 African countries but now less than 6000 remain in the wild, largely in the continent's south.
Urban development, poacher's snares, farming and diseases such as parvo-virus have slashed dog numbers.
The most social carnivore in the world, a painted dog pack will care for their injured, nursing them back to health and sharing food if they are unable to hunt for themselves.
Known for being brutally efficient hunters, showing off their softer side has attracted tourists and funding to their cause, Mr Lemon said.
As a child, they were enchanted by the story of painted pup Solo, who was found and raised by wildlife photographer Hugo Van Lawick-Goodall, husband of famed scientist Jane Goodall.
Obsession with the dogs is "like a virus", Mr Lemon told AAP.
They ran the African Painted Dog breeding program at Taronga Western Plains Zoo in NSW until 2002, when they decided to jump into hands-on conservation.
"I said to my wife 'is it okay if I quit work and take the super?' and they said 'I support you fully'."
Moving to Zimbabwe, they built and ran a rehabilitation centre and founded Painted Dog Conservation Incorporated to raise funds for its upkeep.
In less than 15 years, the NGO has raised about $1.5 million and supports six projects across Zimbabwe, Namibia and Zambia including anti-poaching patrols, tracking collars and conservation education.
They now split their time between Africa and their work as curator of operations at Perth Zoo, where a litter of 11 painted pups was born earlier this year.
"If I can do one thing in my life, it's save the African Painted Dog from extinction," Mr Lemon said.
Artist Francesca Bifulco has found themselves some unlikely muses, and in the most unlikely of places. It seems that in Forcella, Naples, which by all accounts is a pretty rough neighborhood, a crew of men of a certain age, ranging from distinguished to elderly, gather on the same corner to play cards every single day. They also smoke and drink coffee — so much coffee. Captivated by the theatricality of their casually intense ritual, Bifulco, who is Italian herself, went on to spend some three years in their company, and in the end they could not help but paint them.
EXPAND Francesca Bifulco, Stairway to Forcella, acrylic on wood, 30 x 48 x 6 inches, 2018 Courtesy of the artist
The resulting “Forcella Reigns: The Men Who Play Cards” is more than an art show. Bifulco's paintings already manifest a unique technique whereby they add dimensional, sculptural elements to their compositions, creating a trick of the eye that is not a trick at all. They enjoy the process of working this way, and the visual drama and heightened experience it imparts; perhaps it's the lingering effect of their early background in set design. At any rate, back in Naples they soon enough realized that even their enhanced paintings could capture only part of the rhythm, sense and feel of the place, so they dove into doing more.
London: Alexis Sanchez scored their first goal for Manchester United as Jose Mourinho's men took advantage of a rare slip-up from Manchester City to close to within 13 points of the league leaders with a 2-0 win over Huddersfield Town.
City were made to pay for an extraordinary miss by Raheem Sterling as they dropped points for just the fourth time in the Premier League this season in a 1-1 draw at Burnley as Johann Berg Gudmundsson's equaliser eight minutes from time cancelled out Danilo's spectacular opener for City.
United manager Mourinho conceded their side were playing for second place after falling 15 points behind City with defeat at Tottenham Hotspur on Wednesday, and showed their displeasure at that performance by dropping star midfielder Paul Pogba to the bench among four changes.
A minute's silence preceded kick-off at Old Trafford as United paid tribute to the victims of the Munich disaster 60 years on from the tragedy that killed eight of the great United Busby Babes.
Mourinho had called on their players to mark the occasion by bouncing back in style, but the hosts had to wait until 10 minutes into the second half to make the breakthrough when Lukaku got across their marker to volley home Juan Mata's cross from the left for their 19th goal of the season.
"We had to be patient but had to keep the intensity high and the pressure," Mourinho said. "We had to break down the Berlin wall organised so well by (Huddersfield manager) David Wagner."
Sanchez was then given the chance to cap their home debut 21 minutes from time when they were brought down just inside the area Michael Hefele.
And much to the Chilean's relief, they tapped home the rebound after Jonas Lossl had saved their initial effort from the penalty spot to open their United account after joining from Arsenal on reportedly the biggest ever contract in Premier League history.
"It was nice for Alexis Sanchez to win a match, the first at home," added Mourinho. "It was not the goal of their dreams, but it is a goal."
City pay for Sterling miss
City were made to rue a slew of missed chances, most notably when Sterling failed to turn Kyle Walker's low cross into an unguarded net from point-blank range as Burnley salvaged a valuable point despite seeing their winless league streak extended to nine matches.
"Of course we are frustrated in terms of the result but the performance was outstanding against a Burnley side who are the most British of teams in terms of long balls and the way they play," said City boss Pep Guardiola.
"But football is about goals. We needed to score the second, third and fourth when we had the chance. When you arrive in the last 15 minutes at Burnley 1-0, this is what can happen."
Leicester City missed the magic of star man Riyad Mahrez as they failed to beat Swansea City at home in a 1-1 draw.
The Algerian hasn't trained since Leicester priced Manchester City out of a move for Mahrez on transfer deadline day on Wednesday.
"It's for him, their agent and the club to deal with, but we would welcome them back," said Leicester defender Harry Maguire.
Jamie Vardy smashed the hosts in front, but Swansea's rise under Carlos Carvalhal continued as they extended their unbeaten run to seven games thanks to Federico Fernandez's equaliser to edge out of the bottom three on goal difference.
In a big day in the battle to beat the drop at the bottom of the table, Southampton recorded their first win since November, 3-2 at West Brom, to move out of the relegation zone and up to 14th.
West Brom paid tribute to club legend Cyrille Regis, who died at the age of 59 last month, before kick-off and got off to a flying start through Ahmed Hegazi's header.
However, three quickfire goals from Mario Lemina, Jack Stephens and James Ward-Prowse either side of half-time put Southampton in charge before Salomon Rondon's consolation for West Brom, who remain bottom.
Brighton also bagged their first league win in seven games thanks to goals from Glenn Murray, Jose Izquierdo and Pascal Gross to beat West Ham 3-1.
And Bournemouth moved up to ninth as they came from behind to beat Stoke City 2-1 through strikes from Josh King and Lys Mousset in the final 20 minutes to drop Stoke back into the drop zone.
Cebu City Mayor Tomas Osmeña suspended the granting of allowances to the city's barangay tanods and garbage loaders starting this month until after their performance had been evaluated.
In a memo signed last Jan. 24 but received by barangay officials only yesterday, Osmeña cited budget limitations as the reason for the withdrawal of allowances.
Councilor Philip Zafra, who heads the Association of Barangay Councils (ABC), said the delivery of services in the barangays will be hampered since the honoraria “is the lifeblood of support” to barangay workers.
ADVERTISEMENT
Zafra, who is also Barangay Tisa chairperson, said while the city isn't obligated to give honoraria to the barangay tanods and loaders, this had been a practice for sometime.
They said the city gives a monthly honorarium of P4,000 to tanods and P5,000 to loaders.
Zafra said smaller barangays with smaller incomes cannot afford to give their counterpart which means their tanods and loaders won't be paid.
There are 20 tanods in each of the city's 80 barangays while the number of garbage loaders and drivers vary in each barangay.
In yesterday's press conference, Osmeña told reporters that they received reports that there were tanods and garbage loaders who were not doing their jobs.
“We are in the process of cleaning the whole thing. I want to make it clear on the outset that we are not obligated to pay them anything,” they said.
Osmeña said they want an assurance that the city's money is well spent.
Apas barangay chairperson Ramil Ayuman said they think the mayor is going after barangay officials not allied with their administration.
Zafra said the suspension of honoraria to tanods and loaders should come after and not before their evaluation.
They also said barangay officials should conduct the evaluation since they know the tanods and loaders best.
But Osmeña said they have a team to evaluate the performance of tanods and garbage loaders.
When asked how long the evaluation would last, Osmeña said they do not have an idea.
They said they want to find out the facts first.
“We are not entitled to clean up the list? (In) Kamputhaw, they don't like to collect the garbage. So what will we do? Because we don't pay them, they will not collect the garbage? (If) we pay them, they won't collect the garbage anyway. So what is the point? We will replace them,” Osmeña said.
