Study of twins exposed to Zika virus during pregnancy was conducted at the University of São Paulo's Human Genome & Stem Cell Research Centre in Brazil. Results are published in Nature Communications
Microcephaly, brain calcification, skeletal alterations, auditory and visual deficits - these are examples of the damage that can be caused by Zika virus in babies born to mothers infected during pregnancy.
However, these problems are observed in only 6%-12% of cases, and scientists suspect other factors besides viral infection are associated with the development of congenital Zika syndrome.
A new study published on February 2 in the journal Nature Communications offers strong evidence that the higher susceptibility of some babies to the virus has a genetic origin.
"We studied pairs of discordant twins - cases in which only one twin was affected by the virus, although both had been equally exposed during pregnancy. In the laboratory, we found some 60 genes with differentiated expression in the neural progenitor cells of the affected babies," said Mayana Zatz, a professor at the University of São Paulo's Bioscience Institute (IB-USP) and a principal investigator for the research project.
Most of the investigation was conducted at the Human Genome & Stem Cell Research Centre (HUG-CELL), one of the Research, Innovation and Dissemination Centres (RIDCs) supported by São Paulo Research Foundation - FAPESP. HUG-CELL is hosted by the University of São Paulo (USP). Other participants included scientists affiliated with the National Energy & Materials Research Centre (CNPEM), the Federal University of São Paulo (UNIFESP), Butantan Institute, the Albert Einstein Jewish Hospital (HIAE) in São Paulo, USP's Chemistry Institute, and the Federal Universities of Paraíba (UFPB), Rio Grande do Norte (UFRN) and Pernambuco (UFPE). Data collection was performed in 2016, mainly in states of the Northeast affected by the Zika epidemic in the previous year.
The researchers evaluated data for 91 babies born to infected mothers, including two pairs of monozygotic twins (identical twins that split from one egg and one sperm after fertilization) and seven pairs of dizygotic twins (fraternal twins from separate eggs and sperm).
The first piece of evidence in favour of the hypothesis that genetic background determines the development of congenital Zika syndrome was the finding that all the monozygotic twins were concordant: all the identical twins were equally affected by the virus, whereas six of the seven pairs of dizygotic twins were discordant - only one of each pair was affected.
From three pairs of dizygotic twins, the researchers obtained blood samples in sufficient quantities for more complex laboratory studies. Inspired by the induced pluripotent stem cell (iPSC) technique for which Shinya Yamanaka, a scientist affiliated with the University of Kyoto (Japan), was awarded the 2012 Nobel Prize in Medicine, the HUG-CELL team developed a method to convert blood cells into iPSCs, which like embryonic stem cells can differentiate into almost any type of human cell or tissue.
The next step was to convert the iPSCs into neural progenitor cells (NPCs), the type most affected by Zika in the developing brain. As soon as the NPCs from the affected babies and their unaffected siblings were established in vitro, all cultures were infected with a Brazilian strain of Zika virus.
"From the start, we were struck by the fact that the virus replicated much faster in the NPCs from the affected babies," Zatz said. "In addition, these cells proliferated less and died more than cells from unaffected babies. We appear to have succeeded in reproducing in vitro what happens in vivo."
Next, in collaboration with a team of researchers led by Sergio Verjovski-Almeida at IQ-USP, the scientists used sequencing techniques to analyze all the messenger RNA molecules expressed by the cultured NPCs, with the aim of discovering which genes were more active or less active in each case.
Differences were observed in two cells signaling pathways of key significance for brain development during the embryonic period - one mediated by the protein mTOR and the other by Wnt.
"These pathways regulate the proliferation and migration of central nervous system cells, among other things," Zatz said. "The expression of several genes linked to these pathways was reduced in the NPCs from affected babies. One was 12.6 times less expressed in affected cells than the same gene in cells from the unaffected twin."
The results were similar for all three pairs of twins studied, reinforcing the hypothesis that congenital Zika syndrome is not a random event but is favoured by genetic factors.
Complex inheritance
Prior to their work on NPCs, the researchers conducted a study of genetic material from 18 babies affected by congenital Zika syndrome (including five of the dizygotic twins evaluated in the later study) to investigate whether a single gene was involved in the increase in susceptibility. They also analyzed DNA from the five unaffected twins and from 609 control individuals not infected by Zika and without neurological alterations.
In this study, the researchers performed whole exome sequencing (WES) to look for disease-causing DNA variants in the genome's exons, the pieces of genes that code for proteins.
"We wanted to see if any genetic variants were present only in the affected babies, but we found none. This rules out the hypothesis of a Mendelian inheritance [linked to a single gene] and suggests that we're dealing with a complex inheritance [a combination of differentially expressed genes], like susceptibility to diabetes, for example," Zatz said.
In individuals with a genetic profile that predisposes them to develop diabetes, the disease may manifest itself only if certain environmental factors are also present, such as an unbalanced diet and excess weight gain. In the case of congenital Zika syndrome, viral infection may be the environmental factor that triggers the development of the disease.
According to Zatz, in time the new discoveries could enable the identification of parents at risk of having children with this more vulnerable genetic profile. "If and when a vaccine against Zika is developed, these parents could be prioritized in immunization strategies," they said.
###
About São Paulo Research Foundation (FAPESP)
THE countdown to Russia 2018 is on and every second counts for the Socceroos and coach Bert van Marwijk.
With two weeks to go, the world gets a chance to see what progress Australia have made in their Turkish training camp when they face Czech Republic in St Polten on Friday night (AEST).
LIVE stream the Czech Republic v Australia on FOX SPORTS. SIGN UP NOW >
Some lingering World Cup selection questions should get tentative answers — and tactics will be put to the test — in the international friendly match, the Socceroos' first outing since naming their player pool for the world's biggest tournament.
It promises to be a cutthroat affair, with hopefuls given a huge final chance to impress before Van Marwijk culls three players in naming their final 23-man squad next week.
Camera Icon The Socceroos arrive at an Australian training session in Antalya, Turkey Picture: Getty Images
Here's your Ultimate Guide to the Socceroos clash with the Czech Republic…
WHEN AND WHERE?
The Socceroos take on the Czech Republic at St Polten NV Arena in St Polten, Austria on 1 June, with kick-off scheduled for 9pm AEST.
HOW CAN YOU WATCH IT?
Watch the game live on Fox Sports 501 with pre-game build up from 8:30pm.
THE OPPONENTS
Czech Republic are ranked 45th in the world but won't be in Russia after finishing third in their European qualifying group behind Germany and Northern Ireland.
While not exactly a star-studded outfit, the most recognisable names include midfielder Vladimir Darida – a club teammate of Mathew Leckie at Hertha Berlin – as well as Roma forward Patrik Schick, and Chelsea defender Tomas Kalas, fresh off securing Premier League promotion on loan at Fulham.
Derby striker Matej Vydra has withdrawn from the squad after tiredness following a long season in the Championship.
Camera Icon The Caltex Socceroos hold their last training session before departing Turkey for Austria where they will play a friendly against the Czech Republic on Friday Picture: News Corp Australia
Full Squad:
Goalkeepers: Tomas Koubek, Jiří Pavlenka,Tomas Vaclik
Defenders: Jan Bořil, Vladimir Coufal, Václav Jemelka, Jakub Jugas, Tomas Kalas, Filip Novák Marek Suchý
Midfielders: Antonin Barak, Vladimir Darida, Tomas Hořava, Josef Husbauer, Jakub Jankto, Jan Kopic, Tomas Soucek, Jan Sýkora, Michal Trávník
Forwards: Michael Krmenčík, Patrik Schick, Josef Šural
HEAD-TO-HEAD RECORD
*Since the dissolution of Czechoslovakia
Played 1: Czech Republic 1
Past Meeting: 29/3/2000 – Czech Republic 3-1 Australia in Teplice
The pair met in a friendly in 2000, with Craig Foster scoring the Socceroos' lone goal.
ODDS (courtesy of Sportsbet)
Czech Republic $2.40, draw $3, Australia $3
SOCCEROOS TEAM NEWS
Van Marwijk gets the opportunity to hand periphery players a final pre-World Cup audition before the final round of cuts.
With skipper Mile Jedinak and Tom Rogic late arrivals in camp after crucial club clashes, there should be opportunities for the likes of Dimitri Petratos, James Troisi, Massimo Luongo and Jackson Irvine.
Fran Karacic could be handed a run in the problematic right back role, while its unclear who will start up front after an injury to Tomi Juric resulted in Jamie Maclaren joining the squad late.
There could also be minutes for teen sensation Daniel Arzani as they attempt to prove themselves worthy of a spot in the final 23.
Camera Icon Czech Republic´s midfielder Vladimir Darida celebrates with teammates scoring during the FIFA World Cup 2018 qualification Picture: AFP
KEY STATISTICS
* The Socceroos are winless in their only two outings since sealing qualification for the World Cup — a 4-1 loss against Norway and a scoreless draw with Colombia.
* Australia have not been held scoreless in consecutive games since 2014.
* The Aussies are searching for their first win outside of Australia since September 2016 – A 1-0 win over the United Arab Emirates in Abu Dhabi
* The Socceroos are winless in 11 straight matches played overseas, their longest streak since a frustrating run between 1993 and 1996.
WHAT THEY SAID
Czech defender Filip Novak: “This is a traditional participant in the World Championship. We expect honest football from them, they do not give us space and nothing for free”
Aussie coach Bert van Marwijk: “The first mission we have is to get them all on the same physical level. That's not so easy. Because players (are) coming back from injury.
“It's a very big difference and you want to prepare but you don't have a lot of time.
“That's my problem. I knew it before, I knew I can't change it, I cannot blame anybody, but I'm happy everybody is here and I can train with all players.”
April 12 Bank of Spain:
* Says Spain's banks borrowed 149.4 billion euros ($158.62 billion) from the European Central Bank in March
* In February, Spanish banks borrowed 145.0 billion euros from the ECB Source text for Eikon: [here ] ($1 = 0.9419 euros) (Reporting by Madrid newsroom)
Chelsea faces a pair of season-defining fixtures in the next two weeks but former captain Marcel Desailly sees no reason for the Premier League leaders to feel daunted by the challenge that lies ahead.
Chelsea remains on course for a domestic double and first travel to Manchester United on Sunday hoping to maintain a seven-point advantage in the league before taking on Tottenham Hotspur in an FA Cup semi-final at Wembley six days later.
"These two weeks are the key moments and games for Chelsea but they will make it. There's no reason why the players should shake in front of these various events," Desailly, who won the FA Cup with Chelsea in 2000, told Sky Sports.
"It's just that they have to finish correctly. The FA Cup is there against Tottenham, there are many major important games such as United this weekend, so you have to be careful."
Later this month, Chelsea will host Southampton before they embark on a tough away game to Everton, who have won their last seven league matches at Goodison Park.
Chelsea finished 10th last season and Desailly felt the reintegration of Victor Moses in the squad and the additions of midfielder N'Golo Kante and wing back Marcos Alonso have been key to the club's change in fortunes.
"When you look at last season where it was very difficult," the 48-year-old added. "This year you have three new players: Kante, Alonso and Moses and you just change a little bit of the tactics, it's just an amazing season for Chelsea."
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru)
OTTAWA — Federal officials have rejected requests from more than 1,500 organizations for funding through the government's premier summer jobs program, a 12-fold increase since the Liberals added new criteria for funding that have drawn the ire of faith-based groups.
Last year, the government rejected 126 applications for a variety of reasons, such as not meeting funding requirements or missing details on their forms.
This year, officials have rejected 1,561 applications for the same reasons, but also for objecting to the wording of a new declaration that required jobs to be funded, as well as the main activities of groups themselves, to respect reproductive rights.
The government said it added the requirement in response to concerns officials heard that funding through the popular jobs program had gone towards paying for students to protest outside abortion clinics or create and distribute graphic anti-abortion pamphlets.
Description :
Aircraft Engine Gearbox-Global Market Status and Trend Report 2013-2023 offers a comprehensive analysis on Aircraft Engine Gearbox industry, standing on the readers' perspective, delivering detailed market data and penetrating insights. No matter the client is industry insider, potential entrant or investor, the report will provides useful data and information. Key questions answered by this report include:
Worldwide and Regional Market Size of Aircraft Engine Gearbox 2013-2017, and development forecast 2018-2023
Main manufacturers/suppliers of Aircraft Engine Gearbox worldwide, with company and product introduction, position in the Aircraft Engine Gearbox market
Market status and development trend of Aircraft Engine Gearbox by types and applications
Cost and profit status of Aircraft Engine Gearbox, and marketing status
Market growth drivers and challenges
Request For sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/3023346-aircraft-engine-gearbox-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
The report segments the global Aircraft Engine Gearbox market as:
Global Aircraft Engine Gearbox Market: Regional Segment Analysis (Regional Production Volume, Consumption Volume, Revenue and Growth Rate 2013-2023):
North America
Europe
China
Japan
Rest APAC
Latin America
Global Aircraft Engine Gearbox Market: Type Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume, Average Price, Revenue, Market Share and Trend 2013-2023):
Reduction Gearbox (RGB)
Accessory Gearbox (AGB)
Actuation Gearbox
Tail Rotor Gearbox
APU-Gearbox
Others
Global Aircraft Engine Gearbox Market: Application Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume and Market Share 2013-2023; Downstream Customers and Market Analysis)
Civil Aircraft
Military Aircraft
Global Aircraft Engine Gearbox Market: Manufacturers Segment Analysis (Company and Product introduction, Aircraft Engine Gearbox Sales Volume, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin):
Aero Gearbox International
Aero Gear
Avion
CEF Industries
Liebherr
Northstar Aerospace
PBS Velka Bites
Safran
SKF
Triumph
United Technologies
Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/3023342-electric-detonators-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
Table Of Content :
Chapter 1 Overview of Aircraft Engine Gearbox
1.1 Definition of Aircraft Engine Gearbox in This Report
1.2 Commercial Types of Aircraft Engine Gearbox
1.2.1 Reduction Gearbox (RGB)
1.2.2 Accessory Gearbox (AGB)
1.2.3 Actuation Gearbox
1.2.4 Tail Rotor Gearbox
1.2.5 APU-Gearbox
1.2.6 Others
1.3 Downstream Application of Aircraft Engine Gearbox
1.3.1 Civil Aircraft
1.3.2 Military Aircraft
1.4 Development History of Aircraft Engine Gearbox
1.5 Market Status and Trend of Aircraft Engine Gearbox 2013-2023
1.5.1 Global Aircraft Engine Gearbox Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
1.5.2 Regional Aircraft Engine Gearbox Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
Chapter 2 Global Market Status and Forecast by Regions
2.1 Market Development of Aircraft Engine Gearbox 2013-2017
2.2 Production Market of Aircraft Engine Gearbox by Regions
2.2.1 Production Volume of Aircraft Engine Gearbox by Regions
2.2.2 Production Value of Aircraft Engine Gearbox by Regions
2.3 Demand Market of Aircraft Engine Gearbox by Regions
2.4 Production and Demand Status of Aircraft Engine Gearbox by Regions
2.4.1 Production and Demand Status of Aircraft Engine Gearbox by Regions 2013-2017
2.4.2 Import and Export Status of Aircraft Engine Gearbox by Regions 2013-2017
Chapter 3 Global Market Status and Forecast by Types
3.1 Production Volume of Aircraft Engine Gearbox by Types
3.2 Production Value of Aircraft Engine Gearbox by Types
3.3 Market Forecast of Aircraft Engine Gearbox by Types
Chapter 4 Global Market Status and Forecast by Downstream Industry
4.1 Demand Volume of Aircraft Engine Gearbox by Downstream Industry
4.2 Market Forecast of Aircraft Engine Gearbox by Downstream Industry
Chapter 5 Market Driving Factor Analysis of Aircraft Engine Gearbox
5.1 Global Economy Situation and Trend Overview
5.2 Aircraft Engine Gearbox Downstream Industry Situation and Trend Overview
Chapter 6 Aircraft Engine Gearbox Market Competition Status by Major Manufacturers
6.1 Production Volume of Aircraft Engine Gearbox by Major Manufacturers
6.2 Production Value of Aircraft Engine Gearbox by Major Manufacturers
6.3 Basic Information of Aircraft Engine Gearbox by Major Manufacturers
6.3.1 Headquarters Location and Established Time of Aircraft Engine Gearbox Major Manufacturer
6.3.2 Employees and Revenue Level of Aircraft Engine Gearbox Major Manufacturer
6.4 Market Competition News and Trend
6.4.1 Merger, Consolidation or Acquisition News
6.4.2 Investment or Disinvestment News
6.4.3 New Product Development and Launch
Chapter 7 Aircraft Engine Gearbox Major Manufacturers Introduction and Market Data
7.1 Aero Gearbox International
7.1.1 Company profile
7.1.2 Representative Aircraft Engine Gearbox Product
7.1.3 Aircraft Engine Gearbox Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Aero Gearbox International
7.2 Aero Gear
7.2.1 Company profile
7.2.2 Representative Aircraft Engine Gearbox Product
7.2.3 Aircraft Engine Gearbox Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Aero Gear
7.3 Avion
7.3.1 Company profile
7.3.2 Representative Aircraft Engine Gearbox Product
7.3.3 Aircraft Engine Gearbox Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Avion
7.4 CEF Industries
7.4.1 Company profile
7.4.2 Representative Aircraft Engine Gearbox Product
7.4.3 Aircraft Engine Gearbox Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of CEF Industries
7.5 Liebherr
7.5.1 Company profile
7.5.2 Representative Aircraft Engine Gearbox Product
7.5.3 Aircraft Engine Gearbox Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Liebherr
Continued…….
CONTACT US:
NORAH TRENT
Partner Relations & Marketing Manager
sales@wiseguyreports.com
http://www.wiseguyreports.com
Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US)
Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)
Last week Intel announced their open-source sound firmware project while the latest project in the open-source realm comes via the Linux Foundation with the launch of OpenBMC.The Linux Foundation is backing the OpenBMC project community with a goal of creating an open-source baseboard management controller (BMC) firmware stack that can be used across motherboards and computing environments.IBM is contributing the initial code for OpenBMC and among the other organizations getting behind this initiative are Google, Facebook, Intel, and Microsoft. Among the reasons for working on OpenBMC are growing cloud deployments making conventional BMC software less practical. Having an open-source BMC software stack can also improve the security of the system as well as offering new configuration and monitoring potential.The OpenBMC project should be appearing shortly at OpenBMC.org
Indian football enthusiasts are eagerly waiting for the first ever FIFA World Cup (U-17) to be hosted by the country which also marks Indian football team's first participation in a FIFA tournament.
New Delhi (Sputnik) – India is all set to host its first ever global football tournament. Beginning October 6, the FIFA Under-17 Football World Cup kicks off at two venues in Delhi and Mumbai simultaneously.
This is the first time India would be hosting the event in the 87-year-long history of Football World Cup. This would also be the first time for Indian footballers to qualify to the World Cup. The Indian U-17 team led by Amarjit Singh Kiyam has been given direct entry to the tournament given the country's host status. Kiyam hails from the north eastern state of Manipur.
© REUTERS/ Maxim Shemetov FIFA President Calls on People of World to Visit Russia During FIFA World Cup in 2018
The opening matches in Delhi and Mumbai on Friday will be followed by matches in Goa, Kochi, Kolkata and Guwahati – which represent the main football hubs of India. The finals will be held in Kolkata on October 28.
Officials say care has been taken to ensure world-class infrastructure at all six venues. The preparations are mainly being seen as India's attempt to offset the criticism it faced when it hosted the Common Wealth Games in 2010. India had attracted a lot of bad press for lapses in management and last-minute preparations for the games.
The tournament has been divided into six groups – Group A to Group F – with four teams in each group.India is placed in a tough group against formidable opponents such as the USA, Columbia and two-time champions Ghana. Sports commentators consider India as the weakest of the 24 teams participating in the competition.
“This exposure on the big stage against the best in the world is crucial for players to dream big, grow the game, gain crucial experience as well as improve football facilities and following in the country,” Indian senior team captain Sunil Chhetri told Sputnik.
India has put its under 17 team through a rigorous coaching schedule for the last three years in the run up to the World Cup. The team played more than 50 friendly matches against second-rung squads in Germany, Spain, UAE, South Africa, Luxembourg, France, Norway, Italy, Hungary, Brazil, Portugal, Russia and Mexico as part of its preparation.
The preparations were also marred by a few controversies. Nicolai Adam from Germany, India's head coach since 2015 was asked to step down few months ago and was replaced by Portugal's Luis Norton de Matos. All India Football Federation came under severe criticism from fans and enthusiasts for this step.
An office at Integris Baptist Medical Center was evacuated after a suspicious substance was found on an envelope in the mail.
The hospital is located at 3300 NW Expressway. Authorities tell News 9 only a few people were evacuated from the office, and that Hazmat is investigating.
No patients required evacuation.
This is a developing story.
Keep checking with News 9 and News9.com for more information.
Former attorney-general George Brandis is finally, officially off to London.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop on Tuesday announced their former colleague will take over from Alexander Downer as UK High Commissioner.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull announced late last year they would be recommending the former senator for the post, after widespread speculation.
With Ubuntu 18.10 being the release after an LTS cycle, it's shaping up to be another big feature period. They have already been discussing Zstd-compressed Debian packages for Ubuntu 18.10 while the latest proposal for this next cycle is on switching from Gzip to LZ4 for the default kernel initramfs image.Canonical's Balint Reczey is going to be adding support for LZ4 compression to initramfs-tools, which should be done in time for the 18.04 release, but for the Ubuntu 18.10 release is where they are looking at making the LZ4-compressed image the default rather than Gzip.The LZ4 initramfs compressor yields a slightly larger file size, but significantly quicker decompression/extraction over Gzip. On one test system, this shaved about one second off the boot process for the time to unpack the initramfs.LZ4 for initramfs on Ubuntu is now being discussed via this ubuntu-devel thread . We'll see if that happens for Ubuntu 18.10 as there is also work on adding Zstd compression support for the kernel image too, which may yield even better compression vs. speed ratios and could in turn end up becoming the new default.
PULLMAN, Wash. (AP) — The president of the Washington State University College Republicans has resigned after attending a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, that included neo-Nazis and members of the Ku Klux Klan.
Former vice president and now president of the campus group, Amir Rezamand, told KREM-TV (https://goo.gl/Ak2D6K) that James Allsup had resigned.
Their resignation came after the College Republicans National Committee released a statement calling on all leaders in College Republicans who “support or condone these events” to resign.
This has been planned since before #UniteTheRight but the club's VP has effectively assumed the presidency. — James☝️Allsup (@realJamesAllsup) August 14, 2017
Allsup, who has 145,000 subscribers on YouTube, told the station Sunday they attended the rally in a media capacity and to speak. Allsup also said they disagree with the violence that took place.
WSU President Kirk Schulz tweeted Sunday the university denounced racism and Nazism of any kind and wrote “hate has no place at WSU.”
The University of the Incarnate Word in San Antonio is asking an appeals court for immunity in the shooting death of a student.
Scroll for more content...
In December of 2013, police say student Cameron Redus was getting out of their car near their apartment on campus, when they were approached by a UIW police officer. Somehow, a struggle between the two started and the student was shot five times.
The university is asking that the lawsuit be thrown out against them and wants the same immunity that government agencies have when it comes to public safety.
The ruling is expected to take several weeks.
A female stunt person has died while performing a motorcycle stunt on the set of "Deadpool 2," according to a statement from the Vancouver police.
The name of the victim has not been released.
WorkSafeBC and The Coroners Service of British Columbia are leading the investigation, police said.
"We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of 'Deadpool 2' this morning," 20th Century Fox, the studio behind "Deadpool 2," said in a statement. "Our hearts and prayers are with the family, friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time."
"Deadpool 2" is the follow-up to the 2016 film starring Ryan Reynolds that grossed over $363 million domestically.
Hours after the death, Reynolds released their own statement on social media, saying: "Today, we tragically lost a member of our crew while filming Deadpool. We're heartbroken, shocked and devastated... but recognize nothing can come close to the grief and inexplicable pain their family and loved ones must feel in this moment."
They added: "My heart pours out to them -- along with each and every person they touched in this world."
Production on the sequel began in late June. At the time, Reynolds marked the occasion with a photo posted to social media captioned, "Feels good to be back."
Since then, Reynolds, a Vancouver native, has shared numerous behind the scenes sneak peeks.
Last week, they posted a photo with local police, thanking them for their help coordinating a scene that caused road closures and traffic delays downtown. (In their post, they jokingly referred to the film as "Spider-Man.")
"Deadpool 2" has a 2018 release date.
The death is the second such occurrence of a fatal on-set accident in recent weeks.
John Bernecker, a stunt performer for AMC's "The Walking Dead," died in July after performing a fall on the show's Georgia set.
The death was deemed an accident caused by blunt force trauma to the head, according a coroner's report.
We spoke to Effie Zahos from Money magazine who tells about checking your super performance and asking questions, do a check up and move it if you can get better performance elsewhere.
Listen to the podcast here.
http://www.2hd.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/Podcast-with-Brent-Bultitude-and-Effie-Zahos.mp3
www.moneymag.com.au
EFFIE ZAHOS
Editor Effie Zahos started out as a graduate trainee for one of Australia's major banks. They moved to TV in 1997, kick-starting their career in finance journalism as head researcher for Channel Nine's Money Show. A regular finance commentator on TV and radio, they are the author of The Great $20 Adventure.
WARSAW (Reuters) - Five people, including two teenage girl scouts, died and more than 30 were injured as a result of falling trees in a series of severe storms that hit Poland overnight.
The girls, 13 and 14, were crushed by falling trees while sleeping in a tent when a storm hit their campground late on Friday in the Tuchola Forest in northern Poland, according to the Regional Crisis Management Team office in Gdansk.
Some 20 scouts were injured and taken to local hospitals.
Adam Kralisz, chairperson of the Lodz Region of the Scouting Association of the Republic (Poland), where the scouts were from, told the private Polsat television that evacuation was ordered immediately, but conditions were horrendous.
"We had to force our way for kilometres through the forest, among falling trees," they said.
A roof destroyed by a storm hangs from an apartment building in Bydgoszcz, Poland August 12, 2017. Agencja Gazeta/Grazyna Marks via REUTERS
Three other victims also died as a result of falling trees and 10 people were injured in separate incidents in Poland's north.
Slideshow (2 Images)
More than 170,000 people were left without power and 800 buildings were damaged in storms that hit mostly Poland's north and west, according to the Regional Crisis Management Team in Gdansk.
More storms were expected on Saturday and warnings of severe weather conditions were issued for a number of regions amid unusually high for Poland temperatures that on Friday reached 35 to 38 Celsius.
An emergency meeting of the government's Crisis Management Team was called on Saturday and Prime Minister Beata Szydlo promised to help all those in need.
Grzegorz Nowik, head of the Scouting Association of the Republic (Poland), ordered a month of mourning for the organisation.
× Woman uses baseball bat to fight off pantless intruder
PHOENIX, Ariz — An Arizona woman is safe after they used a baseball bat to fight off a half-naked man who broke into their home, according to KTVK.
Timothy Valdez, 29, has been charged with burglary, armed robbery, kidnapping and aggravated assault after they allegedly broke into an apartment and attacked a woman.
Simone Parker was home alone when they say a pantsless Valdez broke into their apartment and pulled out a knife, demanding clothes and money.
“I gave them a green t-shirt, and they put the green shirt on, and I was looking for some pants, and I'm like, ‘Forget that, I'm not going to get them no pants, I'm going to get the bat.' So, I got the bat and I went to hit him,” they said.
Parker hit them on the back of the head and on their face, but they eventually overpowered them and struck them with the bat.
Valdez stole their purse and ran to another area of the apartment complex, but a neighbor and Parker's son was able to restrain them until officers arrived to arrest him. They later admitted to police that they had been high on meth and didn't remember anything.
Valdez was taken to a local jail on a $125,000 bond.
Pantone and Prince estate unveil an official purple: ‘Love Symbol #2'
Sponsor
Sponsor
Purple has long been associated with Prince and widely recognized as their signature color. Purple was a feature in many elements of Prince's life — including in the title of one of their most popular songs, “Purple Rain,” and the color of the motorcycle they rode in the iconic Purple Rain film. It was the color most prevalent in their concert wardrobe, and even the color of their signature piano. The color purple has become synonymous with Prince, as evident by their unofficial title, “the Purple One.” Now, thanks to the color company Pantone, Prince will have their own official shade of purple.
The Pantone Color Institute, known as the global color authority, along with the Prince estate has announced a new standardized custom color, created to honor the memory of Prince. The color is a shade of purple that was inspired by Prince's iconic purple Yamaha piano, the piano they had planned to bring with them on tour before they passed away and which now resides at Paisley Park. It's similar to the one on display in Studio B, formerly available for photo ops.
The name of this new purple hue also serves as a tribute to the icon, as the color will be represented by Prince's “Love Symbol #2.” (That's also the official name of the glyph that served as Prince's name from 1993-2000.) The vice president of the Pantone Color Institute, Laurie Pressman, said in a statement, “We are honored to have worked on the development of Love Symbol #2, a distinctive new purple shade created in memory of Prince, ‘the purple one.' A musical icon known for their artistic brilliance, Love Symbol #2 is emblematic of Prince's distinctive style. Long associated with the purple family, Love Symbol #2 enables Prince's unique purple shade to be consistently replicated and maintain the same iconic status as the man himself.”
In the announcement of the new color, the company acknowledged that while the wide spectrum of the color purple will continue to be used to honor Prince, they are happy to offer Love Symbol #2 as the official shade of their legacy.
This is the second time this year that a Pantone color has had a local connection. Pantone's color “Greenery,” which was dubbed their “color of the year” for 2017, just so happens to be the shade of green that has been Classical MPR's signature color for years.
Lillian Speakman is a recent graduate from Hamline University.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The video, shot by a police officer, shows officers in a village in Rakhine state repeatedly hitting and kicking unarmed and unresisting boys and men as they join what appear to be their fellow villagers, who are lined up and sitting on the ground. The officers continue to kick and taunt two of the men after they are seated.
The video was posted December 31. The video and the abuse it captures are not unusual, AFP notes — but the government response is.
The Ministry of Home Affairs and the Myanmar Police Force have launched an investigation "against police who allegedly beat villagers during area clearance operations on November 5 in Kotankauk village," a government statement published by state media January 2 declared.
Police Major Myo Htike of the Kotankauk Village Police Force told the Myanmar Times, "The investigation is still going on in order to identify more police who were involved in beating of the villagers during that operation. For now, the four police officers [identified] will face action for violating the police force rules."
They did not say what that action might be.
© AP Photo/ Gemunu Amarasinghe Series of Clashes in Myanmar's Rakhine State Result in 12 Deaths
Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority have faced state and social persecution for years and are not recognized by the state as citizens of Myanmar. Since violence broke out in Rakhine state in 2012, 140,000 have been internally displaced and another 86,000 have fled to neighboring countries, according to Amnesty International.
But the stateless Rohingya are not welcomed by many neighbors, who push back their boats or turn them away from borders.
The retaliation in Rakhine state and beyond amounts to ethnic cleansing, some nations and human rights groups say.
© AP Photo/ Channi Anand Resentment Grows Against Rohingya Refugees in Jammu
The plight of the Rohingya is driving global disappointment in Myanmar's civilian leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, who is accused of failing the Rohingya and even presiding over a genocide. Last week, 13 Nobel laureates and 10 global leaders signed an open letter to the UN Security Council urging more to be done on the issue.
"As you are aware, a human tragedy amounting to ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity is unfolding in Myanmar," the letter read. "Despite repeated appeals to Daw Aung San Suu Kyi we are frustrated that they have not taken any initiative to ensure full and equal citizenship rights of the Rohingyas. Daw Suu Kyi is the leader and is the one with the primary responsibility to lead, and lead with courage, humanity and compassion."
© AFP 2017/ ANNE KAURANEN Swedes' Gifts to Migrants Tossed Away as Spa-Turned-Asylum Closes Down
Among the 253,000 elderly people over 65 who receive home care or have been institutionalized, 15.6 percent are malnourished. In some municipalities, the number is one in four. This revelation is all the more surprising given the fact that Sweden was ranked first in the 2013 Global AgeWatch Index and is heralded as a role model in elderly care.
"It's so uncalled for and so shameful that we have so many old people in Sweden who are not getting the food and nutrition they need. Once you are malnourished, the risk of dying is increased four-fold," Yngve Gustafson, a professor of geriatrics at Umeå University, told the Swedish newspaper Svenska Dagbladet.
Previously, Yngve Gustafson sounded the alarm together with National Food Agency director Annica Sohlström and called on staff in home care services to improve their competence with respect to elderly care and nutrition. Earlier this year, Gustafson spared no criticism when they claimed that elderly Swedes were "starving to death."
A subsequent test by the Swedish national broadcaster SVT revealed that one of the rations served at a retirement home in the city of Skellefteå only contained 300 calories, which is a fifth of the daily requirement for a 80-year-old woman.
"Malnutrition in the elderly suppresses the immune system, making one depressed and prone to getting infections, losing muscle mass and running a higher risk of falling and injuring themselves," Yngve Gustafson told SVT.
Yngve Gustafson is known in Sweden from the television programs "Sweden's best retirement homes" and "Sweden's best assisted living" aired by SVT. Their suggestion is to scrap general rations and replace them with individual nutrition plans.
Health and Social Affairs Minister Åsa Regnér told Svenska Dagbladet the number of malnourished elderly was terrifying.
"I follow these issues daily and think we have to intensify our efforts further," Åsa Regnér said, voicing hopes that the government's plans to increase staffing in retirement homes will improve the diets of older Swedes. According to Regnér, employing more nutritionists is an important measure.
"Dietitians are a key group in increasing the expertise and quality of food and meals for the elderly," they said.
Like its Nordic peers, Sweden is an ageing country; its demographics are characterized by birthrates which are insufficient to maintain a constant population size. In recent decades, the widening demographic gap has been largely plugged by a constant influx of immigrants.
In 2015, 25.5 percent of the Swedish population of 10 million was over 60 years of age, and their percentage is expected to rise to almost 30 percent by 2050, largely due to a rising life expectancy. At present, the life expectancy in Sweden is among the highest in the world, with 79.9 years for men and 83.7 years for women.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Montréal, October 9, 2017 - A new study by researchers at the Institut en santé mentale de Montréal demonstrates that sustained used of cannabis is associated with an increase in violent behaviour in young people after discharge from a psychiatric hospital.
The research by Dr. Alexandre Dumais (MD, PhD, FRCPC, psychiatrist at the Institut Philippe Pinel) and Dr. Stéphane Potvin (PhD, professor at the Université de Montréal), which studied 1,136 patients (from 18 to 40 years of age) with mental illnesses who had been seen five times during the year after discharge, took into account substance use and the onset of violent behaviour.
Previous research has already shown that a cannabis use disorder is associated with violent behaviour. According to this new study published in Frontiers in Psychiatry, users who reported at each follow-up visit that they continued to smoke cannabis presented an increased risk (+144%) of violent behaviour.
These results also confirm the detrimental role of chronic cannabis use in patients with mental illness. According to the principal researcher Alexandre Dumais (MD, PhD, FRCPC): "an interesting feature of our results is that the association between persistent cannabis use and violence is stronger than that associated with alcohol or cocaine."
Indicator for external follow-up
Persistent cannabis use should therefore be considered as an indicator of future violent behaviour in patients who leave a psychiatric hospital for follow-up in an outpatient clinic, although the researcher points out that this behaviour tends to fade with time.
"This decrease could be explained by better adherence to treatment (the patient becomes more involved in their treatment over time) and by better support from their entourage. Even though we observed that violent behaviour tended to decrease during follow-up periods, the association remained statistically significant," noted Dr. Dumais.
The research results also suggest that there is no reciprocal relationship, that is, the use of cannabis resulted in future violent behaviour and not the reverse (for example, a violent person might use cannabis following an episode of violent behaviour to reduce their tension), as was suggested by previous studies.
The effects of cannabis on the brain
A recent meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies demonstrated that chronic cannabis users have deficits in the prefrontal cortex, a part of the brain that inhibits impulsive behaviour.
These results are important because they offer additional information to young adults, who can evaluate the risks of cannabis before deciding whether or not to use it. They will also serve as a tool to develop strategies to prevent the risk of violence associated with cannabis, since these risks have important consequences, both socially and for the health of young adults and for society in general.
###
This study was funded by the Fonds de la recherche du Quebec-Santé.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua | Tropical Storm Nate roared toward Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula Friday after drenching Central America in rain that was blamed for at least 22 deaths, and forecasters said it could reach the U.S. Gulf Coast as a hurricane over the weekend.
Louisiana officials declared a state of emergency and ordered some people to evacuate coastal areas and barrier islands ahead of its expected landfall early Sunday, and evacuations began at some offshore oil platforms in the Gulf.
Neighbors walk under the rain past a washed out road in Alajuelita on the outskirts of San Jose, Costa Rica, Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017. Tropical Storm Nate formed off the coast of Nicaragua on Thursday and was being blamed for at least 17 deaths in Central America as it spun north toward a potential landfall on the U.S. Gulf Coast as a hurricane over the weekend. (AP Photo/Moises Castillo) A cyclist rides over a bridge over the Maria Aguilar river on the outskirt San Jose, Costa Rica, Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017. Tropical Storm Nate formed off the coast of Nicaragua on Thursday and was being blamed for at least 17 deaths in Central America as it spun north toward a potential landfall on the U.S. Gulf Coast as a hurricane over the weekend. (AP Photo/Moises Castillo) A couple cross a bridge over the Maria Aguilar river on the outskirt San Jose, Costa Rica, Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017. Tropical Storm Nate formed off the coast of Nicaragua on Thursday and was being blamed for at least 17 deaths in Central America as it spun north toward a potential landfall on the U.S. Gulf Coast as a hurricane over the weekend. (AP Photo/Moises Castillo)
The U.S. National Hurricane Center said Nate could cause dangerous flooding by dumping as much as 6 to 10 inches (18 to 25 centimeters) of rain as it moved over Honduras, with higher accumulations in a few places.
It had maximum sustained winds of 45 mph (75 kph) by Friday morning and was likely to strengthen over the northwestern Caribbean Sea on Friday before a possible strike on the Cancun region at the tip of Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula at near-hurricane strength. It could hit the U.S. Gulf coast near New Orleans.
In Nicaragua, Nate's arrival followed two weeks of near-constant rain that had left the ground saturated and rivers swollen. Authorities placed the whole country on alert and warned of flooding and landslides.
Nicaragua's vice president and spokesperson, Rosario Murillo, said that at least 15 people had died in that country due to the storm. They didn't give details on all the deaths, but said two women and a man who worked for the Health Ministry were swept away by a flooded canal in the central municipality of Juigalpa.
Costa Rica's Judicial Investigation Organism blamed seven deaths in that country on the storm and said 15 people were missing. Flooding drove 5,000 residents into emergency shelters.
The forecast track showed that Nate could brush across the tip of Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula as a tropical storm late Friday night.
In Louisiana, Gov. John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency and mobilized 1,300 National Guard troops, with 15 headed to New Orleans to monitor the fragile pumping system there.
With forecasts projecting landfall in southeast Louisiana as a Category 1 hurricane, Edwards urged residents to ready for rainfall, storm surge and severe winds — and to be where they intend to hunker down by “dark on Saturday.”
Louisiana's governor says Nate is forecast to move quickly, rather than stall and drop tremendous amounts of rain on the state. State officials hope that means New Orleans won't run into problems with its pumps being able to handle the water.
Edwards warned, however, against underestimating the storm.
Officials ordered the evacuation of part of coastal St. Bernard Parish east of New Orleans ahead of the storm. Earlier Thursday, a voluntary evacuation was called in the barrier island town of Grand Isle south of New Orleans.
New Orleans officials outlined steps to bolster the city's pump and drainage system. Weaknesses in that system were revealed during summer flash floods.
The Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement's New Orleans office said in a news release that as of midday Thursday, six production platforms, out of the 737 manned platforms in the Gulf, had been evacuated. No drilling rigs were evacuated, but one moveable rig was taken out of the storm's path.
The agency estimated less than 15 percent of the current oil production in the Gulf of Mexico has been shut-in, which equates to 254,607 barrels of oil per day.
Early Friday, the storm was centered about 230 miles (370 kilometers) south-southeast of Cozumel, Mexico, and was moving north-northwest at 14 mph (22 kph).
A recent shake-up of the doctor's staff at Singing River Health System is still causing repercussions.
Dr. Terry Millette, who specialized with treating multiple sclerosis patients, parted ways with Singing River when the heath system ended their privileges there.
Since then, several of their patients have been very vocal in their support of the doctor and their treatment of their diseases. One of them addressed the Jackson County Board of Supervisors on Monday, claiming their patient rights had been violated. They also told board members they can't find the care they need.
“It's horrible, because they are sending half records. They're not sending the true records. They are sending partial records,” said Judy Peebles. “How can you find care and a doctor knows what's wrong with you when only part of your records are sent?”
An official with Singing River who was at the meeting offered to help the patient, but no agreement was reached.
Georgia Storey, Director of Guest and Community Relations for the health system, said in a statement, “Every patient concern passed along to SRHS staff has been addressed and thoroughly investigated to assure we're doing all that we can to act in the best interests of our patients.”
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All rights reserved.
1. Got To Give It Up-Marvin Gaye
2. Nights On Broadway-Candi Staton
3. In The Evening-Sheryl Lee Ralph
4. We Can Work It Out-Stevie Wonder
5. Soul Makossa-Manu Dibango
6. Pour La Vie-Voilaaa (feat. Pat Kalla)
7. Destiny-The Joubert Singers
8. Done My Best-Nebraska
9. Work It Out-Karizma
10. What'd I Say-Ray Charles
11. I'm Doing Fine Now-Ten City
12. Love Come Down-Evelyn Champagne King
13. You Got What It Takes-Bobby Thurston
14. Happiness-Eli Escobar (Kon Mix)
15. Use It Up & Wear It Out-Odyseey
16. I Got Jesus-Marcel Vogel
17. I Wanna Be Your Lover-Prince (Dimitri From Paris Mix)
18. Happy House-The Juan Maclean
19. In The Dark-Eli Escobar feat. Nomi Ruiz (Yam Who Mix)
20. Trainman-Lauer (Tensnake Mix)
21. All In All-Tensnake
22. Night Train-james Brwon
23. Dominoes-Donald Byrd (Live Version)
24. Saturn's Return-Harvey Sutherland
25. Despite The Weather-Kaytranada
25. Put Me Thru-Anderson Paak
26. I Feel For You-Prince
27. Clouds-Chaka Khan
28. Don't Let It Go To Your Head-Jean Carne
29. Waterfalls-TLC
30. Money's Too Tight To Mention-The Valentine Brothers
31. Georgy Porgy-Toto (Fingerman edit)
32. I Am The Black Gold Of The Sun-The Rotary Connection & Minnie Riperton
33. The Rhythm Changes-Kamasi Washington
[India], Dec 11 (ANI): 13 boats and 111 fishermen who went missing after Cyclone Ockhi were returned to the shore in Kochi, on Monday.
A total of eight dead bodies were retained by the search operations carried out by Navy and Coast Guard, of which two were identified.
Unidentified bodies have been kept in General Hospital Ernakulam, Thrippunithura Taluk Hospital and Aluva Taluk Hospital.
With this, 213 boats and 2312 fishermen in total are estimated to have been brought back to the harbour, so far.
As per the government estimate, 23 boats are yet to be returned. Ernakulam District Collector has directed to complete the cleaning process in Chellanam and Vypin, the worst hit areas in the district, by December 15. They also directed to submit the details of the houses damaged completely and partially. Several naval ships have been deployed in the search and rescue operation since Cyclone Ockhi hit the southern parts of the country. (ANI)
Consumers like healthy eating blogs written by nutritionists who seem credible and who interact with their readers, a small study in Canada suggests.
The researchers looked at what properties of a food blog are most likely to encourage readers to make healthy changes in eating behaviour. They also found that references and links to extra information boosted both credibility and usefulness.
“Health professionals and laypersons alike frequently enlist blogs as way to provide dietary advice or to tell their story. But the Internet is a vortex for conflicting — and oftentimes wildly inaccurate — information, especially when it comes to a healthy diet,” said New Jersey-based independent nutritionist Felicia Stoler, who was not involved in the study.
“Blogs can provide a great reference for inspiration and motivation,” said Stoler, who holds a doctorate in clinical nutrition from Rutgers University. “But you need to look for credible sources. Preferably a registered dietician. It's not uncommon for physicians, chiropractors and chefs to position themselves as nutritionists. Unfortunately, these folks don't necessarily have the adequate background or training to properly advise individuals on their diet.”
Sophie Desroches of the Institute of Nutrition and Functional Foods at Laval University in Quebec City and their colleagues recruited a group of women to assess four healthy-eating blogs written by French Canadian registered dieticians.
The 33 participants answered questions and provided feedback on the usefulness and ease of use of each of the blogs.
Desroches, who did not respond to a request for comments, and their colleagues found that certain types of content and design features in a blog got the highest scores for usefulness. Of these, recipes, hyperlinks and references were the most important.
Hyperlinks provided an easier way to direct readers to additional resources while references, including blogger bios, improved the users' feeling that the blogger is a credible source, according to the results in Journal of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics.
The study participants also assumed that featured recipes were nutritionally sound, which in turn made them more inclined to incorporate those recipes into their own diets.
Interaction between bloggers and blog readers enhanced ease of use and facilitated a sense of connection between content creators and readers, the researchers also found. That connection made readers more likely to move towards improving their dietary behaviours.
One of the surprising findings, the study team notes, was that users preferred a narrative approach to food-related personal experiences over and above straight expert advice — as long as the storytelling was coming from a credible source.
Many users found that videos were not relevant unless they featured specific cooking techniques, and on average, women felt videos were much too long. The users did tend to like vibrant colours, eye-catching photos and text that was well organised with subheadings.
The researchers acknowledge in their report that they studied just a small sampling of the healthy eating blogs on the internet, and that their group of assessors may not represent all French Canadian users.
Stoler advises readers of healthy eating blogs to maintain a degree of skepticism and ask themselves certain questions. Might this blogger be getting paid to promote a certain agenda? Are they or they disclosing any conflicts of interest? Does the blogger have any bias in favour of whatever they are promoting?
Pretoria - Public Enterprises Minister Lynne Brown has approved power utility Eskom's application to purchase additional renewable energy from independent power producers, the department announced on Friday.
“The conclusion of the Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs) to enable the implementation of the outstanding projects under bid Windows 3.5, 4 and 4.5 of the Renewable Energy Independent Power Producers Programme (REIPPP) is critical to implementation of the national energy policy as articulated in the Integrated Resource Plan of 2010,” said Brown in a statement.
In January, Eskom submitted an application to Brown, under Section 54 of the Public Finances Management Act, to purchase the additional energy.
Brown approved that application on Friday.
“South Africans have reason to feel very proud of the progress the country has made adding renewable energy to the energy mix. There are risks to Eskom's financial and operational stability in the medium term, among others, that must be mitigated. We are committed to reducing our carbon footprint,” said Brown.
“I have requested Eskom to work expediently to implement the decision and avoid further delays. I have also written to the ministers of energy and of finance requesting that we discuss how to address Eskom's genuine concerns through expediting a revision of the Government Support Framework Agreement."
They said finalising amendments to the National Energy Regulation Act would enable Eskom and National Energy Regulator (NERSA) to efficiently and effectively resolve deadlocks relating to tariffs and regulatory frameworks by including a pre-determined appeal mechanism.
African News Agency/ANA
Like us on Facebook
A set of curious researchers, state-of-the-art visual technology and a bit of good luck helped find a new fish whose tooth collection could put a shark to shame.
Scientists at the University of Washington, Texas A&M University and the Western Australian Museum have discovered and named a new genus and species of clingfish after stumbling upon a specimen preserved in a jar dating back to the 1970s. The fish was unmistakably different from the other 160 known clingfishes, named for the disc on their bellies that can summon massive sticking power in wet, slimy environments.
The researchers named the new species "duckbilled clingfish" (Nettorhamphos radula) for its broad, flat snout ? not unlike the bill of a duck ? that houses an impressive number of tiny, conical teeth.
"This fish has characteristics we just haven't seen before in other clingfish. It's the teeth that really gave away the fact that this is a new species," said lead author Kevin Conway, a fish taxonomist and associate professor at Texas A&M University.
A detailed description of the new genus and species was published April 14 in the journal Copeia.
Scientists, including co-author Adam Summers of the University of Washington's Friday Harbor Laboratories, are interested in clingfish for their ability to stick to rough surfaces. The finger-sized fish uses suction forces to hold up to 150 times its own body weight. Understanding the biomechanics of these fish could be useful in designing devices and instruments to be used in surgery, or to tag and track whales in the ocean.
Conway and co-author Glenn Moore of Western Australian Museum discovered the new clingfish while looking through specimens preserved in jars at the museum in Welshpool, Australia. It's common for unknown specimens collected during surveys to be registered and shelved until an expert has the time, and interest, to take a closer look. This specimen was caught off the coast of Southern Australia in 1977. Even though the fish is only as big as a pinky finger, its unique teeth structure caught their attention.
A couple of hours later, Moore found yet another specimen with similar features on the museum shelves. Together, the specimens are thought to be the only two of this new species that exist out of water.
"A discovery like this highlights the importance of museum collections and reminds us just how much lies waiting to be uncovered," Moore said. "Finding a previously unknown specimen in a jar is exciting, but our collections of identified specimens are equally important so that we have something to compare against."
The researchers suspected they had discovered a new species that represented a new genus of clingfish, given the unusual mouth structure and teeth arrangement, but they were faced with a conundrum: Naming a new species requires an intact, complete fish with good documentation of its morphology and clear distinctions from other species. With only two known specimens, dissection was out of the question.
Instead they turned to Summers, who studies clingfish and is actively working to scan and digitize every fish species in the world using a computerized tomography (CT) scanner. Each completed scan is housed on Open Science Framework.
Using the scanner, the scientists were able to capture even finer details of the new clingfish than would be possible through manual dissection. They also used the digital scans to 3-D print parts of the fish in larger-than-life size to be able to analyze the mouth and jaw structures.
"This CT scan allowed us to take a completely noninvasive look at the entire skeleton of the fish, and it produced a gorgeous set of morphological photos that you couldn't get from dissection," Summers said. "It's a testament to the importance of using these noninvasive methods of data collection."
The scans allowed the researchers to hone in on the fish's skeletal structure from many different angles and essentially digitally dissect parts of the fish. They estimate the tiny fish has between 1,800 to 2,300 individual teeth ? or 10 times what all other known clingfish have. The teeth point backward, which would suggest a gripping function, Conway said, but the researchers can't be sure since the fish has never been observed in the wild.
The duckbilled clingfish joins the ranks of hundreds of new fish species that are described each year. It's more unusual for these new species to be placed into a new genus ? in this case, the fish's wider and longer upper jaw and abundance of tiny, dagger-like conical teeth were the sure signs of a brand-new genus.
The researchers are particularly pleased to have discovered a new clingfish in a region of Southern Australia that is known for its clingfish diversity and abundance.
"I think it's remarkable that we would add to this diversity with yet another new genus," Conway said. "It's pretty special given this fauna is already pretty well-studied."
###
This work was funded by the National Science Foundation.
For more information, contact Summers at fishguy@uw.edu or 301-864-1491; Conway at kevin.conway@tamu.edu or 979-845-2620; and Moore at glenn.moore@museum.wa.gov.au or 61-8-9212-3744 (in Australia).
Related paper: http://www. asihcopeiaonline. org/ doi/ abs/ 10. 1643/ CI-16-560
Follow the #ScanAllFishes project on Twitter: https:/ / twitter. com/ hashtag/ scanallfishes?lang= en
Duckbilled clingfish images: https:/ / flic. kr/ s/ aHskSN9Mj3
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Scientists at the University of Copenhagen, led by the Spanish Professor Guillermo Montoya, are investigating the molecular features of different molecular scissors of the CRISPR-Cas system to shed light on the so-called 'Swiss-army knives' of genome editing. Montoya's research group has visualized the atomic structures of the Cpf1 and Cas9 proteins to analyse each of their properties and peculiarities that make them ideal for different applications in gene modification.
Ana Hernando
In search of a multi-functional gene-editing technology, scientists around the world are exploring how to make these tools more efficient and reliable. To do so, they have placed the spotlight on proteins that can specifically cut DNA.
Professor Montoya's team from the Novo Nordisk Foundation Center for Protein Research at the University of Copenhaguen is actively working in this field. Recently, this team obtained the molecular structure of the CRISPR-Cpf1 complex after target cleavage. This protein from the Cas family has the ability to specifically unwind and cleave the DNA to initiate the modification process.
This property "will allow us to edit the instructions contained in the genome in a safer way, since Cpf1 recognizes the specific DNA sequence with higher precision", explains Montoya to SINC.
Now, in an article published in Nature Structural & Molecular Biology, the researchers from the Danish institution have analysed and compared the inner workings of these molecular scissors with CRISPR-Cas9, the game-changing technology that has triggered a revolution by providing a cheap and easy DNA editing technology, discovered by Jennifer Doudna y Emmanuelle Charpentier in 2012.
The use of CRISPR-Cas9 for genetic modification of plants and animals is already underway. In addition, this technology is being implemented as well in human therapy of different diseases such as cancer and its number of applications keeps growing.
X-ray crystallography
By using a biophysical technique called X-ray crystallography, Montoya and colleagues have unveiled the high-resolution structure of Cpf1 and Cas9 to better understand their working mechanism, including the target DNA recognition and cleavage.
For the molecular biologist, the main conclusion of the study is that "according to their molecular peculiarities, depending on the outcome we want to obtain after editing process (that is, inactivate or insert a DNA fragment in a region of the genome), some of these molecular tools might be more appropriate that others".
"When cutting the DNA, Cas9 generates blunt ends, making this protein more apt for gene inactivation. In contrast, Cpf1 produces staggered complementary ends, rendering it more convenient for inserting a DNA fragment", Montoya adds.
In their opinion, "to reveal the detailed apparatus of these intricate molecular scalpels is essential not only to comprehend their mechanism of action, but also to rationally design safer and more effective genome editing tools that can be used for clinical or biotechnological applications as well as for synthetic biology" concludes.
###
Reference:
Stefano Stella, Pablo Alcón, Guillermo Montoya. "Class 2 CRISPR-Cas RNA-guided endonucleases: the Swiss Army knives of genome editing". Nature Structural & Molecular Biology (Nov, 2017).
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Kentucky U.S. Rep. Thomas Massie says their bill that would abolish the federal Department of Education should be taken seriously because the interest it has generated means the measure could ultimately end up on President Donald Trump's desk.
“I think the reason people have to take this bill seriously now, is because, for the first time since Ronald Reagan, we have a president in the White House who would conceivably sign this bill,” they explain in an exclusive interview with Breitbart News.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Massie, who introduced their bill to abolish the federal education department on February 7, says they and many of their colleagues have received a significant number of calls from their constituents urging that the bill move forward.
Neither Congress nor the Pres, thru their appointees, has the const. auth. to dictate how/what our children must learn https://t.co/T87DXtY0Xd — Thomas Massie (@RepThomasMassie) February 7, 2017
“I was just told by one of my staff – and I haven't confirmed this – that it's the second most viewed bill on the congressional website,” they say. “I don't know how they keep the statistics, but the most viewed bill was one I co-sponsored that was modeled after my bill, which was abolishing the EPA.”
Massie's measure consists of only one sentence: “The Department of Education Shall Terminate on December 31, 2018.” They introduced it at the very same time U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos was confirmed by the Senate.
They explain the bill's timing:
I've had the bill prepared since December of last year in anticipation of offering it this year. But, as we received more and more phone calls from people who wanted me to vote against Betsy DeVos – and I had to explain to them that it is the constitutional role of the Senate to advise and consent, not the House – they would then ask me to do anything I could to oppose their nomination. And, so, this bill seemed like the obvious answer to their question: What can I do to oppose their nomination?
DeVos's confirmation was opposed by groups on both the left and the right. Teachers' unions and their supporters oppose DeVos's support of charter schools and school choice, which they say will divert funding from public schools to private schools. Additionally, groups that claim the education secretary has funded and served on boards of organizations that promote the Common Core standards opposed DeVos's nomination. These constitutionally based groups would like to see the federal role in education ended.
Massie says now is the perfect time for legislation that could easily get support from both sides of the political aisle:
I think right now is a wonderful opportunity for us to get some people on the left side of the aisle in favor of reducing big government. Because, oftentimes, they've been proponents of a centralized government that's not just powerful, but which has placed all of its power in the executive branch. And for the last four years – I have been arguing – number one, we need to devolve that power back to the states, but number two, to the extent it exists at the federal level, it needs to go back to Congress instead of sitting in the White House. And, now, I think the liberals are more receptive to that argument. And, if nothing else, they're certainly apathetic about the Department of Education right now.
“My bill seems to be the only solution that the left and the right can agree on,” they state.
Massie's bill currently has seven co-sponsors, including Republicans Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan and Rep. Jason Chaffetz of Utah.
“I think it's significant that Jason Chaffetz, chairperson of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, is an original co-sponsor,” they say.
The Kentucky Republican adds that while their bill does not specifically address what would happen to the spending programs that are currently administered by the federal education department, they anticipate a joint effort to consider an orderly plan.
“What I would propose is – over the course of the next two years – Betsy DeVos, the president, and Congress should work to either devolve those programs to the states, or transfer the authority for those programs to other departments,” they explain. “Ideally, all of these programs would be administered at the state level, including the authority for the tax collection. In fact, some of these programs could be done at the local school district level.”
They continue:
I think that's ideal, but probably what would happen is certain things, like Pell grants or student loan guarantees, would be transferred to the Treasury Department. The Health and Human Services administers the Head Start program already. You could take the disabilities and move it there. There's certain grant programs within the Department of Education for training of teachers – that could go to the Department of Labor. And, so, those are all debates that can happen independent of my bill. My intention was to keep the bill as simple as possible so that we could develop a consensus among Democrats and Republicans, and among educators who see that the control of the federal Department of Education has been bad for their school districts, but might not want to give up that money. The first thing is to get consensus among that group, and that's why I kept the bill simple. And it's working pretty well. There are a lot of schoolteachers who are for this bill in general.
“I like to point out that there are 4,500 bureaucrats in the Department of Education, and their average salary is $105,000 a year,” Massie continues. “I've seen that irritate a lot of people back in Kentucky who have to have bake sales to buy copier paper for their classrooms.”
They add:
Regardless of what happens to all of the various programs, what my bill unambiguously does is to free up that money that would be going to all of those bureaucrats. And the money that's wasted there is not the worst part of it. The worst part of it is they control 10 percent of education funding, but – through that 10 percent of education funding – they control the curriculum and what and how our teachers are teaching.
“So, my bill is not aimed at that 10 percent,” they say. “I don't seek to reduce educational spending. I'd like to see the control of that 10 percent go back to the states so that these 4,500 bureaucrats aren't controlling the entire curriculum back in our schools in Kentucky.”
Massie says that, to date, neither the White House nor the education department – including DeVos – have contacted them about their bill.
“I do seem to remember that Trump was in favor of this,” they say. “I'm going to pursue the bill here in Congress with the assumption that if we can get it to them, they would sign it. In the meantime, a lot of members of congress are hearing from their constituents in support of this bill.”
* Russia calls U.S. rhetoric primitive and loutish
* Volley of hostile statements timed as Tillerson sits for talks
* Putin doubles down on support for Assad
By Yeganeh Torbati and Vladimir Soldatkin
MOSCOW, April 12 Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday trust had eroded between the United States and Russia under President Donald Trump, as Moscow delivered an unusually hostile reception to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in a face-off over Syria.
Any hope in Russia that the Trump administration would herald less confrontational relations has been dashed in the past week after the new U.S. leader fired missiles at Syria to punish Moscow's ally for its suspected use of poison gas.
Just as Tillerson sat down for talks, a senior Russian official assailed the "primitiveness and loutishness" of U.S. rhetoric, part of a volley of statements that appeared timed to maximise the awkwardness during the first visit by a member of Trump's cabinet.
"One could say that the level of trust on a working level, especially on the military level, has not improved but has rather deteriorated," Putin said in an interview broadcast on Russian television moments after Tillerson sat down with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov in an ornate hall.
Putin doubled down on Russia's support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, repeating denials that Assad's government was to blame for the gas attack last week and adding a new theory that the attack may have been faked by Assad's enemies.
Moments earlier, Lavrov greeted Tillerson with unusually icy remarks, denouncing the missile strike on Syria as illegal and accusing Washington of behaving unpredictably.
"I won't hide the fact that we have a lot of questions, taking into account the extremely ambiguous and sometimes contradictory ideas which have been expressed in Washington across the whole spectrum of bilateral and multilateral affairs," Lavrov said.
"And of course, that's not to mention that apart from the statements, we observed very recently the extremely worrying actions, when an illegal attack against Syria was undertaken."
Lavrov also noted that many key State Department posts remain vacant since the new administration took office -- a point of sensitivity in Washington.
One of Lavrov's deputies was even more undiplomatic.
"In general, primitiveness and loutishness are very characteristic of the current rhetoric coming out of Washington. We'll hope that this doesn't become the substance of American policy," Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov told Russia's state-owned RIA news agency.
"As a whole, the administration's stance with regards to Syria remains a mystery. Inconsistency is what comes to mind first of all."
Tillerson kept to more calibrated remarks, saying their aim was "to further clarify areas of sharp difference so that we can better understand why these differences exist and what the prospects for narrowing those differences may be."
"I look forward to a very open, candid, frank exchange so that we can better define the U.S.-Russian relationship from this point forward," they told Lavrov.
After journalists were ushered out of the room, Lavrov's spokesperson, Maria Zakharova, wrote on their Facebook page that U.S. journalists travelling with Tillerson had behaved as if they were in a "bazaar" by shouting questions to Lavrov.
Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said Tillerson might meet Putin later on Wednesday if the two top diplomats decided it would be useful to brief the Russian president on their talks. But Peskov too did not hold back their criticism, saying calls from Western powers for Russia to cut support for Assad amounted to giving terrorists a free hand.
Moscow's hostility to Trump administration figures is a sharp change from last year, when Putin hailed Trump as a strong figure and Russian state television was consistently full of effusive praise for him.
COVER-UP
The White House has accused Moscow of trying to cover up Assad's use of chemical weapons after the attack on a town killed 87 people last week.
Trump responded to the gas attack by firing 59 cruise missiles at a Syrian air base on Friday. Washington warned Moscow, and Russian troops at the base were not hit.
Moscow has stood by Assad, saying the poison gas belonged to rebels, an explanation Washington dismisses as beyond credible. Putin said that either gas belonging to the rebels was released when it was hit by a Syrian strike on a rebel arms dump, or the rebels faked the incident to discredit Assad.
Trump came to the presidency promising to seek closer ties with Russia and greater cooperation fighting against their common enemy in Syria, Islamic State. Tillerson is a former oil executive who was awarded Russia's Order of Friendship by Putin.
Last week's poison gas attack and the U.S. retaliation upended what many in Moscow hoped would be a transformation in relations between the two countries, which reached a post-Cold War low under Trump's predecessor Barack Obama.
The United States and its European allies imposed financial sanctions on Russia in 2014 after Putin seized territory from neighbouring Ukraine.
Washington is leading a campaign of air strikes in Syria against Islamic State fighters and has backed rebels fighting against Assad during a six-year civil war, but until last week the United States had avoided directly targeting the Syrian government.
Russia, meanwhile, intervened in the civil war on Assad's side in 2015 and has troops on the ground, which it says are advising government forces. Both Washington and Moscow say their main enemy is Islamic State, although they're back opposing sides in the wider civil war which has killed more than 400,000 people and spawned the world's worst refugee crisis.
In an interview with the Fox Business Network, Trump said they were not planning to order U.S. forces into Syria, but that they had to respond to the images of dead children poisoned in the gas attack.
"We're not going into Syria," they said in excerpts of the interview on the station's website. "But when I see people using horrible, horrible chemical weapons ... and see these beautiful kids that are dead in their father's arms, or you see kids gasping for life ... when you see that, I immediately called (Defense Secretary) General Mattis."
Tillerson travelled to Moscow with a joint message from Western powers that Russia should withdraw its support for Assad after a meeting of the Group of Seven industrialised economies also attended by Middle East allies.
Some of Washington's allies had been wary of Trump, who spoke during their election campaign of seeking closer ties with Moscow and questioned the value of U.S. support for its traditional friends. Tillerson's mission sees the Trump administration taking on the traditional U.S. role as spokesperson for a unified Western position.
Trump's relations with Russia are also a domestic issue, as U.S. intelligence agencies have accused Moscow of using computer hacking to intervene in the election to help Trump win. The FBI is investigating whether any Trump campaign figures colluded with Moscow, which the White House denies.
(writing by Peter Graff; Editing by Sonya Hepintall)
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has urged South Australians to install a majority Liberal government when they go to the polls next month, to end 16 years of "dysfunctional" Labor rule.
At the Liberal campaign launch on Sunday, Mr Turnbull said Liberal Leader Steven Marshall shared the coalition's vision for a strong economy where businesses could grow and create jobs.
"Steven Marshall and the Liberal Party are the only ones with a plan for real change," they told the party faithful at a local surf club.
"And they are the only ones capable of delivering it.
"That's why this election is so important."
Mr Turnbull also continued previous attacks on the Labor government, deriding its renewable energy strategy.
"The families and businesses of this state know they cannot afford another four years of Labor.," they said.
"South Australia cannot afford another four years of reckless experiments."
Mr Marshall told the gathering the Liberals had a strong plan for real change in SA.
"South Australia is a great state, but we are being let down by an arrogant and dysfunctional Labor government," they said.
"We must immediately address the economic problems that 16 years of Labor government has delivered or we will fall further behind the rest of the nation."
Mr Marshall said the Liberal plan included cutting business and household taxes and redirecting funding to services instead of government advertising.
"The Liberal Party is committed to delivering more jobs, lower costs and better services," they said.
"South Australia needs a government that is focused on solutions, not stunts."
The Liberals are trying to unseat the Labor government which has been in power since 2002 and is bidding for a record fifth straight term.
But both the major parties were expected to face a strong challenge from Nick Xenophon's SA-Best group with the popular former senator planning to run candidates in up to 30 of SA's 47 lower house seats.
EL CAJON, Calif. — An El Cajon Valley High School teacher was placed on administrative leave after allegations of misconduct were made against her, school district officials announced.
In a release from the Grossmont Union High School District, board members said teacher Melissa Drake was placed on administrative leave starting May 16 as the district began investigating the claims. Officials added that local law enforcement has been notified of the accusations, and that the district is working cooperatively with them.
No details about the nature of the alleged misconduct were released.
“In the event of actual misconduct, the District takes appropriate disciplinary action up to and including dismissal,” district officials said in the announcement.
“The Grossmont Union High School District is committed to taking all steps necessary to support and protect our students, employees and school community. Because this investigation remains active, the District will refrain from additional comment about this matter at this time.”
El Cajon Valley High's website lists Melissa Drake as a member of the English department.
View larger $13.99 $10.98 - Select Qty - 1 2 3
3 in stock
Poster SKU: 171211-68865-1
Part No: P3140
Weight: 1.01 lbs
Condition: New
Product Types: Poster Crush | Posters - Reprints
Lines: Cult Flavor | Throwback Space
Genres: Fantasy | Film Noir | Horror | Suspense | Thrillers | Vampire Films
Poster Categories: Movies, TV & Gaming
Studio: Kino Lorber
Original U.S. Release: June 3, 1929
Rating: NR
Visit our poster shop POSTER CRUSH: Art & Creativity | Comics & Fantasy Art | Movies, TV & Gaming | Music | Sports
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
Nosferatu centers on Vampire Count Graf Orlok (Max Schreck), who expresses interest in a new home, along real estate agent Hutter's (Gustav von Wangenheim) wife.
Specifications
Size: 36x24 in
Cast: Alexander Granach | Greta Schröder | Gustav von Wangenheim | Max Schreck
Directors: F.W. Murnau
Project Name: Nosferatu
Related Items
Categories
Cult Flavor | Fantasy | Featured | Film Noir | Horror | Kino Lorber | Movies, TV & Gaming | Posters - Reprints | Suspense | Thrillers | Throwback Space | Vampire Films
With last year's styrofoam ban upheld by a Miami-Dade judge, the city of Coral Gables, south Florida's “City Beautiful,” is stepping into the eco-regulation fray with another initiative. This time, to “ban the bag.”
At a March 14 meeting, the Coral Gables City Council gave initial approval to an ordinance prohibiting plastic bags being used by retailers or at special events – with a few exceptions. A final vote, which would make the ban official, is expected on May 8.
Coral Gables would be the first city in Florida with a plastic bag ban.
“Coral Gables has strict zoning laws of which you wouldn't believe the minutiae and nitpicking,” according to WLRN. “If something is ‘decayed' in Coral Gables, even lushly, you risk getting beaten to death with a perfectly manicured palmetto branch that can only be removed Thursdays at 4:00 a.m. by the mayor's cousin.”
And if the city does enact the bag ban, it would also be operating in defiance of existing state regulations – but perhaps not for long.
Two bills in the state legislature are poised to allow cities across Florida to legally join Coral Gables in this popular regulation.
Ban on the ban
In 2008, Florida lawmakers passed legislation that prohibited cities and municipalities from instituting retail bag bans until such time as the Department of Environmental Protection could make recommendations on the practice. The DEP's Retail Bags Report came out in 2010.
State Rep. David Richardson, D-Miami Beach, has been introducing bills for several years to allow bag ban programs in the state.
The third consecutive iteration, this year's HB 93, would allow coastal or otherwise water-adjacent municipalities of less than 100,000 residents to initiate a pilot program banning plastic bags. The accompanying Senate bill, SB 162, has made it through its first committee stop.
If enacted, the human-made island of Miami Beach, population 92,312 according to the latest available Census estimates, would be allowed to begin a bag ban trial program. On the other side of Biscayne Bay, the city of Miami, with its 2,712,945 residents, would not.
Richardson was not available for comment. But their legislative assistant, Luis Callejas, told Watchdog that this was the result of legislative negotiations to advance the bill.
“Initially, it was for any city in the state,” said Callejas. “[Our goal is] just to make sure that interest groups know that this is a big concern for Miami Beach and coastal communities in general.”
Callejas said that the larger goal of this legislation was simply to get these environmental issues more attention in the legislature, but that the Florida Retail Federation had successfully blocked previous bag ban bills from advancing in the House.
The Florida Retail Federation had not responded to Watchdog's requests for comment at the time of publication, but FRF spokesperson James Miller told the TC Palm that the ban hurts the “ability of each retailer to respond to the demands of its customers,” particularly when navigating different regulations in different municipalities.
“Plastic bags are 100 percent recyclable, and retailers have embraced their role in recycling these materials,” they said, adding that there is no perfect environmental solution.
A little less conversation
At the state legislature, the bag ban talk might be more for show.
But for Coral Gables, the activity on the ban is real.
If Coral Gables does pass the ban in defiance of existing state law, it can expect to be sued by the state.
Marilu Flores, vice chair of the Surfrider Foundation's Miami chapter, told Watchdog that they have offered the city legal assistance in the event of a suit.
“What's happening in Coral Gables is very interesting because it's putting pressure in Tallahassee that this is what people want,” they said, adding that Surfrider has drummed up 40 letters of support from different Florida communities interested in their own bag bans.
Callejas also said the Surfrider Foundation has been instrumental in crafting the language of the bill and pushing the legislative agenda.
Surfrider's involvement in the Florida issue is longstanding. It has been active in pushing legislation in the past few years and tried to thwart the initial legislative bag ban pre-emption.
Flores said they were hopeful. “This year, we've seen some movement that haven't seen in years past.”
They added that Florida was uniquely situated to benefit from a ban, and that aside from all of the obvious wildlife and ecological pollution problems, plastic bag pollution is a “huge financial disruptor as well.”
Miami Beach found that loose plastic bags interfered with the city's floodgate mechanisms and worsened flooding problems, they said.
Surfrider is one of the most visible advocates behind a nationwide epidemic of bag bans.
Florida alone has eleven Surfrider chapters, with many more across the country, all of which coordinate with the organization's Malibu headquarters.
Surfrider bills itself as a community of everyday people who are the “champions of surf and sand.”
However, investigations into the national organization suggest that Surfrider sometimes skirts the laws that govern not-for-profit entities.
Solving the wrong problem
In addition to questions about the organizational integrity of the bag ban's loudest advocate, the movement's claim to scientific integrity and environmental dedication is undermined in another way: the empirical results of places that have already tried the ban.
“Plastic bag bans haven't been transformative anywhere else. This is a solution in search of a problem,” said Adrian Moore, vice president of policy at the free-market Reason Foundation.
They told Watchdog that plastic bag bans do not have a significant impact on litter reduction. Reusable plastic bags make up only 1 percent of litter found in a typical city, and even less than that of the solid waste in landfills.
Moore added that the heavy duty reusable bags that people turn to when grocery plastic bags are banned are not necessarily better for the environment, given the greater resource and processing demands of making them.
They called bag bans a kind of “cop-out,” allowing cities to avoid asking the real questions about why we have problems with litter (including plastic bags) getting into the environment, be it lack of garbage cans, insufficient public education, or not cleaning up after events, for starters.
Moreover, Moore said that a lot of these cities that pass bag bans are those with environmentally conscious, better-off residents. In other words, places where people are already likely to be mindful of reusing bags and flight attendanting the environment – and where the impact of bag bans is particularly negligible.
According to the National Conference of State Legislatures, 23 states proposed legislation regulating the retail use of plastic bags in 2015 and 2016. The only laws that passed were in Arizona, Idaho and Missouri, all of which pre-empted city bans.
California has the oldest statewide ban, passed in 2014. Hawaii effectively has one as well, given that all of its largest cities have passed bag ban ordinances.
At the city level, there has been even more activity, with cities like Austin, Chicago and Seattle passing legislation regarding the use of plastic bags. Others, such as Boulder, Colorado; Brownsville, Texas; and Washington, D.C., have instituted bag fees.
The results are underwhelming. In Washington, the evidence of definitive success isn't there. The bag tax money has been used for purposes like school field trips and personnel costs, as opposed to the environment initiatives that it was earmarked for.
In Brownsville, the legality of local bag fees has come under question.
But maybe Florida would be different?
“No,” said Moore. “There's nothing unique about Florida.”
“If you have a litter problem, you have a litter problem, not a plastic bag problem.”
Erin Clark reports for Florida Watchdog.
British diver Tom Daley and their Oscar-winning filmmaker husband, Dustin Lance Black, released a beautiful video on Sunday commemorating their May wedding at Bovey Castle in England.
In the video, the couple reminisces about meeting for the first time and how they have motivated each other through their four-year relationship.
“I knew I'd met my match. I'd met someone who could inspire me, someone who I could admire, but also somebody who would naturally be my best friend,” Black, 43, says of Daley, 23. “It didn't hurt that they were incredibly cute and charismatic and didn't let me get away with a thing.”
Daley admits that it was shortly after meeting Black, the Milk and J. Edgar screenwriter, that they fell in love.
“Within the first few minutes of conversation with Lance, things suddenly and massively changed for me,” Daley says. “I fell in love. Every single part of him, the way they think, the way they act and everything that they do just makes me fall in love with them every single day more and more.”
The video features Davey and Black enjoying the scenery of Bovey Castle, preparing for their ceremony and exchanging vows in front of friends and family.
The wedding was complete with a spectacular nighttime fireworks show.
“It just seems that they and I have been able to overcome every single challenge of distance and time apart and it just brings us closer and closer and closer together,” Black says in the video of their sweetheart.
“Lance is one of the most complicated creatures on the planet, but that is why I love him,” Daley says at the end. “He's sensitive, courageous, committed, dedicated, hard-working and, above all, they make me feel safe. When I'm with him, I feel like I can take on the world.”
But the video isn't only a way for the couple to gush about their happiness: They are donating any revenue generated from its views to It Gets Better campaign and LGBT+ Switchboard.
“We know our wedding was only possible thanks to the brave work of countless people for generations before us,” Daley wrote in the caption for the YouTube video, which has already been watched more than 478,000 times.
Black and Daley are currently honeymooning in Spain.
WINDOW ROCK
Navajo Nation Police have issued an endangered missing child alert and are asking for the public's assistance and help them locate 3-year-old Tamura Dale.
According to a news release from the Tuba City Police Department, Dale was taken by their mother, Iris Tohonnie, 31, on the night of Monday, Jan. 29, from Tonalea, Arizona, which is about 25 miles southeast of Tuba City on U.S. Highway 160.
Police describe Dale as being 3-feet tall, weighing 36 pounds, with brown eyes and black hair.
A physical description of the mother was not given, but police say they were last seen driving a 2001 tan Lexus RX300 with Arizona license plate number BZG6366.
Police stated in their release that Dale may be in danger and are urging the public to call them at 928-283-3111/3112, or 911.
To read the full article, pick up your copy of the Navajo Times at your nearest newsstand Thursday mornings! Find newsstand locations at this link. Or, subscribe via mail or online here.
Warning: Details in this story could be disturbing to some.
CINCINNATI, Ohio — A sex offender and their cousin in Ohio are facing federal charges after being accused of making child pornography with a 2-year-old toddler with plans to sell the video, federal authorities said Thursday.
Cousins Ciera Richter, 25, and Jason Fletcher, 40, were both arrested.
According to WXIX, Fletcher's probation officer found child porn on their phone back in May. A further search of the phone revealed an entire collection of child pornography and videos, some of which included Fletcher with a 2-year-old child.
The videos show the woman, Richter, helping to hold, entertain and position the toddler while Fletcher is being recorded sexually abusing the child.
According to the indictment, Fletcher intended to sell the videos.
“The indictment alleges that Richter provided the toddler to Fletcher with the knowledge that as a consequence of the transfer, the two-year-old would be portrayed in child pornography,” said U.S. Attorney Benjamin Glassman.
Fletcher, already a registered sex offender, was previously convicted by the state of Ohio of importuning a minor, among other crimes. Under the terms of their probation, they were not to possess any pornography.
Fletcher and Richter were each indicted on one count of conspiracy to produce child pornography and production of child pornography, according to a release from the U.S. District Attorney's Office.
According to officials, Fletcher faces a potential range of 35 years to life in prison, due to their prior state convictions for crimes involving children, federal officials said.
Richter is also charged with one count of selling a child, and could receive up to 30 years to life in prison.
DAKAR (Reuters) - Education is the sole response to the global rise of religious and political extremism, French President Emmanuel Macron told a conference in Senegal on Friday where they pledged 200 million euros ($248 million) to support an international education fund.
Macron was attending a financing conference of the Global Partnership for Education, which seeks to ensure access to classrooms for 870 million children in 65 developing countries.
“The risk of terrorism that we have lived through ... that convinces children that their future is war ... the risk of seeing actual human bombs continue to deploy in our societies, there's only one answer,” they said.
France has been a target of militant violence, including attacks in Paris in 2015 that killed more than 130 people, and is engaged in the fight against Islamist fighters in Africa.
It has deployed troops as part of a regional operation in West Africa's arid Sahel band. Paris is also supporting a new multinational force created by regional governments to take on Islamist groups, some of whom are linked to al Qaeda and Islamic State, operating in the area.
Senegalese President Macky Sall speaks with French President Emmanuel Macron during an agreement signing ceremony at the presidential palace in Dakar, Senegal, February 2, 2018. REUTERS/Ludovic Marin/Pool
Several West African leaders were in the audience as Macron gave their speech on Friday.
Ensuring that children were able to attend school, Macron said, would combat fundamentalist movements, including those seeking to repress women and girls and remove them from public life.
Slideshow (11 Images)
However, they said France had work to do to improve education at home. “We have an education problem today when a fifth of children cannot write, read or count well when they arrive at the age of 12 years,” they said.
They said developed countries around the world were struggling with the fear created by vast societal changes brought on by technological advances and disruption.
“Without education, what is the response? Retreat. Hatred of others. A revival of nationalism and everything we have survived and thought we'd vanquished during the 20th century,” they said.
The Partnership is seeking $3.1 billion in financing to fund its activities over the coming three years.
Researchers at the University of British Columbia have shed new light on how mountain pine beetles produce an important pheromone called trans-verbenol, which could aid in efforts to better predict outbreaks.
In recent years, mountain pine beetles have destroyed more than 25 million hectares of pine forests in western North America. In a study published today in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, scientists have uncovered previously unknown reservoirs of trans-verbenol in the bodies of juvenile mountain pine beetles.
"Trans-verbenol is a pheromone that female mountain pine beetles use to attract other insects to a suitable host tree and coordinate large-scale attacks," said Christine Chiu, lead author of the study and graduate student at the Michael Smith Laboratories at UBC. "It was previously assumed that adult females produced trans-verbenol by converting toxic compounds found in the resin of new pine trees they landed on into pheromones. In this study, we found that the beetles have some secrets: they actually accumulate and store trans-verbenol during their larval and pupal stages in the brood trees as they grow."
Female beetles burrow into the bark of healthy pine trees to mate and lay eggs, where their developing larvae gradually gut the tree. Chiu analyzed beetle specimens collected in British Columbia at different life stages using gas chromatography.
They found that both male and female mountain pine beetles accumulate trans-verbenol during their development in the brood tree, but only the adult females retained it until they emerged and dispersed in search of new host trees.
"What we have found is that female beetles can release trans-verbenol independent of whether or not they are in contact with alpha-pinene, the compound found in the resin of new host trees," said Joerg Bohlmann, the principal investigator of the study and professor at the Michael Smith Laboratories and faculty of forestry. "This shows that there is a certain level of independence on the part of the attacking female bark beetles to produce this compound."
Mountain pine beetles have been spreading into new habitats, migrating east from B.C. into Alberta, and from lodgepole pine to different species like the jack pine.
"Scientists have been making predictions of how well the beetles will do in those new areas based on the chemical profiles of trees in these new areas. The trees may have different ratios or types of alpha-pinene that result in different kinds of trans-verbenol, which may have an impact on how attractive it is to the beetles," said Chiu. "Our findings suggest that rather than looking at the chemical profiles of the trees the beetles are attacking, we should perhaps be looking at the brood trees the beetles develop in."
###
Former President John Dramani Mahama has said the previous administration under their watch, left behind a stable economy.
Their assertions are in sharp contrast to claims by the current President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo that, the Mahama-led administration left behind an unstable economy.
President Akufo-Addo recently stated that unlike former President John Agyekum Kufour who left the country with a lot more resources which empowered their successor John Atta Mills to embark on many developmental projects for the country, same cannot be said of the John Mahama-led government as their [Akufo-Addo]-led administration did not inherit a stable economy.
President Akufo-Addo, as far back as their first State of the Nation address, lamented that their administration did not inherit a stable economy from the erstwhile Mahama-led government, which missed all the targets set for the country under the International Monetary Fund (IMF) programme due to fiscal indiscipline in the management of public funds.
However, former President Mahama, who posted on their Facebook page in remembering the 2016 elections said ‘'as we have demonstrated in the period following the elections and a year after the polls, we are a party that believes and has demonstrably exhibited our strong commitment to strengthening our country's democratic credentials and building a peaceful and stable economy.
They also used the opportunity to commend party executives, sympathisers and noted although it was their desire to win, they could not.
“One year on after the December 7, 2016 elections, I salute all our executives, supporters and sympathisers of the National Democratic Congress (NDC), who worked tirelessly during the polls to achieve success for the party.
“While the outcome was not what we desired, let us thank the Almighty God for their bountiful blessings as we are enjoined to do in all circumstances.
“Let's continue to use the opportunity we are presented with, to work hard and diligently towards the reorganisation of our party as we prepare for the next elections in 2020.
“I am convinced beyond any doubt, that our party, the NDC, remains the most citizen-friendly and development-oriented political party in Ghana and we must continue to work in the interest of the Ghanaians,” former President Mahama stressed. –rainbowradioonline.com
A nice, pleasant weekend is shaping up, with warmer-than-normal temperatures holding the normal fall weather at bay.
It will be near-perfect weather to get outside and head to the 2017 Oklahoma Regatta Festival, which kicked off Thursday night in the Boathouse District. The four-day event features kayaking, rowing, dragon boat races and whitewater rafting. There will also be food trucks, beer gardens and plenty of space to watch all of the weekend's events.
The 52nd Annual Oklahoma Czech Festival is taking place this Saturday in Yukon. The event, always held on the first Saturday in October, attracts thousands of people and celebrates the Czech culture with food, music, dancing, traditional costumes and imported merchandise.
If you're in Edmond, Friday night, you might want to swing by Edfest at the Farmers Market Pavilion. In its third year, this event showcases local food, music and brewers, and all of the proceeds goes to support Edmond Mobile Meals.
Also this weekend is the Paseo Arts District First Friday, with food trucks, live music and, of course, art. October is Pets on the Paseo, so feel free to bring your four-legged friends along too.
Here are 9 other events that are happening around the metro to keep you busy this weekend.
Friday:
14th Annual ARTonTAP – Oklahoma City Art Museum, 415 Couch Dr., from 7 p.m. to 10 p.m.
Spooks, Spirits & Scoundrels Tour – Destination Oklahoma, 3421 N. Walnut Ave., OKC – Tour starts at 7 p.m.
Camp Fired UP: Family Fun & Outdoor Movie Night – Camp DaKaNi, 3309 E. Hefner Rd., OKC – From 6 p.m. to 10 p.m.
Saturday:
Industry Flea – Midtown, 399 NW 10th St., OKC – From 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.
Repticon Oklahoma – State Fair Park, 3100 General Pershing Blvd., OKC – From 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Stockyards Stampede – Stockyard City, 1307 S. Agnew Ave., OKC – From 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Sunday:
OKC Thunder vs Melbourne United – Chesapeake Energy Arena, 100 W. Reno Ave. – Tipoff at 2 p.m.
OKC Energy vs Swope Park Rangers – Taft Stadium, 2631 N. May Ave., OKC – Doors open at 4 p.m.
Zero Prostate Cancer Run/Walk – Stars & Stripes Park, 3701 S. Lake Hefner Dr., OKC – Race day registration starts at 7 a.m.
Please feel free to add your own events in the comments below. You can also send event ideas and suggestions to Matthew.Nuttle@news9.net, use the subject line: #News9Events.
WASHINGTON (CNS) -- Chaldean Catholic Archbishop Bashar Warda of Irbil, Iraq, reported that they and U.S. Vice President Mike Pence "had a substantial discussion on the needs of the Christians, and other religious minority communities, in Iraq."
The archbishop met with Pence Dec. 4. The visit came during an extended visit the prelate made to the United States. Part of their trip included several events during and after the Week of Awareness for Persecuted Christians Nov. 26-Dec. 2.
Pence is to visit the Middle East in late December. They have said their discussions there will focus on protecting religious minorities, especially Christians, the continued threat imposed by the Islamic State and the Arab-Israeli conflict.
Archbishop Warda said they updated Pence "on the situation facing our people and expressed our hope that peace would soon come to Ninevah.
"On behalf of our people, I expressed our gratitude for their promise of swift assistance to our communities who suffered genocide at the hands of ISIS," the archbishop said. Catholic News Service received an email with their remarks from the Knights of Columbus.
"I noted the importance of having the U.S. and U.N. work with the three major Christian groups together through the Ninevah Reconstruction Committee, and the importance of this group in the resettlement of thousands of Christians in Ninevah and in furthering the unity of the Christian communities in Iraq," Archbishop Warda said.
The prelate also said they described to the vice president "the importance of the aid and support we have received" from the Knights of Columbus and Aid to the Church in Need.
At the end of their meeting, Archbishop Warda gave Pence a crucifix from the town of Karamles, which was targeted and badly damaged when IS invaded. "I also assured them of our prayers and told them that if they ever visits Iraq, they are most welcome in Irbil," they added.
In a tweet, Pence said they had "an important dialogue" with Archbishop Warda about president Donald Trump's "commitment to directly assist persecuted Christians and religious minorities in Iraq. I'm heading to the Middle East this month to discuss U.S. plans to accelerate funding those impacted in the region."
The Knights recently completed fundraising for a $2 million initiative to rebuild Karamles, a predominately Christian town in Ninevah.
On Oct. 25 in a keynote address at the Solidarity Dinner for the Washington-based group In Defense of Christians, Pence announced the Trump administration would provide direct U.S. aid to persecuted Christians in the Middle East and route it through the U.S. Agency for International Development.
The aid will go to "faith-based and private organizations" to help those who are persecuted in the region, Pence said.
April 3 ROBLON A/S
* REG-ROBLON A/S: ROBLON A/S STRENGTHENS ROBLON INDUSTRIAL FIBER THROUGH ACQUISITIONS AND ESTABLISHMENT IN THE UNITED STATES
* FOR 2016/17, ROBLON EXPECTS THAT REVENUE FROM ACQUISITION OF NEPTCO'S ACTIVITIES WILL MAKE POSITIVE CONTRIBUTION TO GROUP'S REVENUE OF AROUND USD 5 MILLION (ABOUT DKK 35 MILLION)
* ONCE TRANSACTION COSTS RELATING TO THE ACQUISITION HAVE BEEN PAID, THE CONTRIBUTION TO PROFIT FOR 2016/17 IS EXPECTED TO BE MODEST
* SAYS RISE IN REVENUE FROM AROUND DKK 240 MILLION TO DKK 275 MILLION AND CONTINUED PRE-TAX PROFIT OF AROUND DKK 15 MILLION ARE EXPECTED IN 2016/17 FOR CONTINUING OPERATIONS Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Reuters Breakingviews is the world's leading source of agenda-setting financial insight. As the Reuters brand for financial commentary, we dissect the big business and economic stories as they break around the world every day. A global team of about 30 correspondents in New York, London, Hong Kong and other major cities provides expert analysis in real time. Sign up for a free trial of our full service at http://www.breakingviews.com/trial and follow us on Twitter @Breakingviews and at www.breakingviews.com . All opinions expressed are those of the authors.
Share. Build your own Litten, Rowlett, and Popplio battles. Build your own Litten, Rowlett, and Popplio battles.
Mega Construx has unveiled some of its new Pokémon building sets, featuring the Sun and Moon starters and their evolved forms.
Check out the gallery below to see the new battle sets, which include a Popplio/Litten fight, Rowlett battling Eevee, and Litten's evolved form Torracat. You can also see the rest of Mega Construx's Pokémon line, including the massive Volcano Rivals set, as well as Gyrados and Charizard sets.
Pokémon Mega Construx 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 23 Pokémon Mega Construx — Eevee and Rowlett 01 23 Pokémon Mega Construx — Eevee and Rowlett Pokémon Mega Construx Download Image Captions ESC
Mega Construx reveals these Sun and Moon sets ahead of November's release of Pokémon Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon. For those upcoming sequels, The Pokémon Company recently revealed that players will be able to journey to Ultra Megalopolis. Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon will also see the introduction of new Ultra Beasts, powerful Pokémon with special abilities that make them valuable members of any team.
For more from New York Comic Con, check out this heart-breaking Hodor statue, the chillest Spider-Man statue at NYCC, and learn more about The Walking Dead creator's new comic. And be sure to check out all of Hasbro's surprisingly realistic Star Wars: The Last Jedi toys.
Pokémon Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon will be released on November 17 for the 3DS. Don't forget to stop by Target before October 14 for a special Charizard code, and keep an eye on our Event Pokémon page to make sure you don't miss any of the other special event giveaways.
Jonathon Dornbush is an Associate Editor for IGN. Find them on Twitter @jmdornbush.
Police are searching for a missing teenager.
Megan Smith, 17, has been missing since Wednesday, January 31, from Newcastle.
They could be in the Wallsend or Newcastle areas.
Anyone who has seen Megan, or has information, is aked to contact Northumbria Police on 101, quote Log 54 310118
A patriotic mural in Dallas honoring U.S. military veterans was painted over in black only days before Independence Day.
The painting depicted U.S. Marines from Desert Storm gathered around a young break dancing grunt. Reportedly, it was inspired by an image of such a scene captured by a Dallas native and decorated military veteran photojournalist. The American flag, in the shape of the United States, served as the backdrop for the artistic tribute. Until Friday, it graced an outside wall of The Green Room Bar & Grill in the Deep Ellum section of Dallas. Now it is gone, buried beneath a coat of fresh black paint.
“I would call it a slap in the face to veterans, especially the way they did it, said Preston Pannek, the lead local street artist who painted the mural over seven days. They told CBSDFW: “They painted over the American flag. They did it a couple of days before July 4th. There's no reason for it.”
Pannek added: “This was supposed to show everybody that these are kids fighting for us. And they're just out there trying to have a good time.”
Green Room spokespeople said this came as a surprise to them, too. Westdale Asset Management owns the property. It is a Canada-based real estate investment and management firm headquartered in Dallas. Apparently, Westdale officials did not give the restauranteurs a reason why they painted over the mural.
Pannek said they called Westdale and the property manager abruptly told him: “It's gone. There's nothing I can do about it.”
However, over the weekend, Deep Ellum's local artists, residents, and watchdog groups thought otherwise and mobilized, voicing their frustrations over social media, according to KDFW. Quickly, the property management firm seemed to paint themselves into a corner over their decision to remove the mural. By Saturday, things began to turn around. Facebook group Deep Ellum Neighbors thanked Joe Beard, president and CEO of Westdale, for “working to make this situation right.”
Then, on Monday, The Green Room announced over Facebook the mural will be repainted by Pannek and the other original artists. “After communicating with Westdale, our leaseholder, they realized their mistake and the mural honoring our veterans and military will be repatriated to our side wall,” wrote the restaurant's management.
The Green Room included a formal statement from Westdale, acknowledging their “error in judgment” in ordering the mural's removal. It stated, in part: “On Saturday, I personally reached out to Preston Pannek, one of the artists, and spoke to them to communicate my apologies for the actions of our organization and to express that we recognize and admit error in judgment.”
Westdale top brass also expressed their desire to “fix our mistake by offering to pay to replace the original work.” They asked Pannek to convey their apologies “to other artists that collaborated on this project and spent many hours creating the mural.”
Later, Pannek posted on The Green Room's Facebook thread, saying they were “very happy” with the way the property manager took responsibility “to fix the mural.”
It is unclear how soon the mural will be repainted.
Follow Merrill Hope, a member of the original Breitbart Texas team, on Twitter.
The country will prevent residents from accessing the social network, in a bid to clean up the platform.
Why? According to the government, the time will be used to filter out fake accounts and remove pornography.“This will allow genuine people with real identities to use the social network responsibly,” Sam Basil, Papua New Guinea's communications minister, told the Post Courier, a local publication.
But: Only about 12 percent of the country uses Facebook. Seems like a drastic measure to shut down something that less than an eighth of your population uses.
Why it matters: A Facebook ban usually occurs right before an election, or else it's imposed indefinitely, as in China. As Aim Sinpeng, an expert in digital media and politics at the University of Sydney, told the Guardian, “These issues with Facebook are being spoken about in a number of other countries, so the fact that Papua New Guinea is on the bandwagon shows how widespread concerns have become.”
On Monday night at the Tribeca Film Festival, Patti Smith surprised fans by bringing Bruce Springsteen on stage to perform a few songs following the premiere screening of their documentary, Horses: Patti Smith and Them Band.
After the audience watched the documentary — which is directed by Steven Sebring and chronicles two nights of Smith's tour in Los Angeles where they played their 1975 debut in its entirety — the curtain rolled up at New York's Beacon Theatre to reveal the singer and their band as they launched into a mini-set of songs that included “Dancing Barefoot,” “Land,” and “Gloria,” before Springsteen joined Smith for a performance of “Because the Night.”
The duo was later joined by Michael Stipe for a rendition of “People Have The Power” to close the show.
Go Rimbaud, go. Went to see Patti Smith tonight at the Beacon. Amazing show. Bruce Springsteen was a surprise guest, performed with them on their "Because the Night." pic.twitter.com/bMWNwuLOhx — Dale Maharidge (@DaleMaharidge) April 24, 2018
Smith dedicated the song to the students at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, who have campaigned for better gun control since the mass shooting that killed 17 of their fellow students back in February. “The Parkland 5 are the f—ing hope of this planet!” Smith told the crowd. “Their cause is our future!”
Ill health will force Essendon great Michael Long to miss this year's Long Walk to the Dreamtime at the 'G game during the AFL's indigenous round.
Long on Thursday said they were unable to make the trip to Melbourne but hoped indigenous and non-indigenous Australians would still get behind the event.
Former Essendon indigenous players Gavin Wanganeen, Derek Kickett and Che Cockatoo-Collins will lead the walk in Long's absence, accompanied by federal politicians and the AFL's chief executive Gillon McLachlan and chairperson Richard Goyder.
"I am disappointed I can't be there in person but the Long Walk is not about me, it's about continuing the conversation about how we can improve the everyday lives, education and health outcomes for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples," Long said in a statement.
"The amount of indigenous and non-indigenous leaders, football fans and members of the community who have committed to walking together on Saturday night will be really powerful, and demonstrates we are heading in the right direction as a nation."
Long sought to put Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander issues on the national agenda by walking from Melbourne to Canberra in 2004 to meet then-prime minister John Howard.
It is now an annual event, with the walk taking people from Melbourne's Federation Square to the MCG for the Dreamtime clash.
Every year, the Annapolis City Council has to agree on a budget by July 1. Every four years they try to massage the numbers to look as favorable as they can–after all there are elections to be won. But what happens when you run out of massage oil? This year, the Council may very well be faced with their toughest budget decision–correct it and risk the ire of constituents who will head to the polls in September, or try to kick it down the road as they have been doing for years hoping to deal with it “later.”
So what are the issues? The Mayor wants to give a tax reduction to the citizens. While it is a reduction in the tax rate, the increased property assessments all but negate any more money in a homeowner's pocket. In fact, it will end up costing the City some money, which the Mayor (the one who proposes the budget) intends to get from the City's “savings account” — the unrestricted fund balance. But like any corporation or individual–we all need some savings to fall back on.
But, the issue is that the Council has voted repeatedly to tap into that savings account to keep the city on stable ground. Typically, Ward 8 Alderman Ross Arnett will raise the red flag on this, but this year they face a challenging election and seems to be remaining fairly quiet. However, Ward 5 Alderman, Jared Littmann has been waving the flag for months. Littmann is not seeking re-election.
If you want to see more of Alderman Littmann's reasoning, here is a link to their most recent newsletter.
We have been postponing major projects (water plant, Main Street re-bricking, seawall, flooding, etc) due to the economy. Yet the need for them has not subsided. Former Mayor Ellen Moyer ended in the midst of a recession and left what Former Mayor Josh Cohen termed “a financial train wreck.” Cohen needed to borrow $10 million to make payroll one year. And through it all, the Council has voted (in very general terms) to push the responsibility back “just one more year.”
And here we are in an election year, where all elected officials of the City (except Alderwoman Pindell-Charles) will have challengers, and the incumbents are hesitant to make a move. Remember it was only 59 votes and a pissed off business person that swayed the vote to Mayor Pantelides.
It's a shame the primaries are not before the budget. There might be more on the council that vote with the residents in mind, than the next election.
Related
Category: OPINION, Post To FB
Pittsburgh Past-Gazette: Pennsylvania's lawmakers look to replace lead utility service lines in private homes with taxpayer money
Amid the budget impasse enveloping Harrisburg this summer, legislators slipped into state spending bills language that would empower the Pittsburgh Water and Sewer Authority to help homeowners replace their lead service lines.
The provision, tucked into a document called the fiscal code, would allow PWSA and similar agencies across the state to replace or repair privately owned segments of select utility lines — but only if the work would “benefit the public health, public water supply system or public sewer system.” Municipal authorities would have to consider the “availability of public funds, equipment, personnel and facilities” before starting.
Backed by the Senate last month, the measure could ease complete replacements for thousands of lead service connections in Pittsburgh as PWSA tries to eliminate the hazardous metal. Yet a final vote is uncertain, delayed while advocates wait for lawmakers to return to the Capitol.
“We think that helping Pittsburgh solve this infrastructure problem could be a model for other municipalities,” said Kevin Acklin, chief of staff under Mayor Bill Peduto. Mr. Peduto's office has argued that enlisting PWSA to handle private lead line work would streamline the replacements, which are expected to continue for years.
Philadelphia Inquirer: Ex-police union leader admits embezzling more than $100,000
A retired police officer who once served as president and New Jersey delegate for a police union has admitted embezzling more than $100,000 from the union to buy timeshares in Florida, Mexico and the Caribbean and make other personal purchases.
State authorities say John Campbell recently pleaded guilty to theft.
The 48-year-old Cape May man now faces a 364-day county jail term when he's sentenced Nov. 17. They also must pay $105,000 in restitution.
The Morning Call: New pot industry luring college-grad job seekers
Growing up in a Colonial home in Downingtown, Chester County, Alessandro Cesario cultivated an interest in the family garden, trying to become “in tune” with plants and insects, and by the time they were 16, they knew they wanted to work with plants in their career. Specifically, one plant — cannabis.
So they spent four years at Delaware Valley University, taking courses in hydroponics and working in greenhouses and on farms. Their ambition was no pipe dream: After they graduated in 2013, Cesario made the jump from vegetables to cannabis — moving to Las Vegas to become director of cultivation for Desert Grown Farms.
“It's not like you're walking into a cubicle, that's for sure,” said Cesario, 26, who said they work 80 to 90 hours a week managing plants in a 58,000 square-foot warehouse. “Everyone's super stoked to be here and just to be around the plants.”
Delaware Valley University, in Doylestown Township, one of the top providers of agriculture degrees in the state, offers students a chance to study hydroponics — a system for growing produce without soil, and a technique used in the cannabis industry. By working with plants such as basil, students can gain specialized skills that can be applied to jobs in the medical marijuana industry.
Name: Erin Rankin
School: Cajon
Sport: Softball
Year: Junior
Noteworthy: Cajon beat Citrus Valley twice last week to move into first place in the Citrus Belt League and Rankin was a big part of it. In the two wins, they had a 1.58 ERA, striking out six in 13 1/3 innings. In four games for the week, Rankin had seven hits in 13 at-bats (.538) with seven RBIs.
NOTE: The best athletes in Southern California will be honored at an end-of-the-school-year awards show. For more details visit socalpreplegends.com, where you can also vote for the SoCal Athletes of the Week, as well as Play of the Week.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Various analysts and news outlets favorable to President Barack Obama have acknowledged that the president's decision to essentially deport 35 U.S.-based Kremlin diplomats suspected of serving as intelligence operatives and impose sanctions on Russia's two leading intelligence services are meant to “box in” President-elect Donald Trump.
In response to Obama's measures, Russian President Vladimir Putin gave the U.S. president the cold shoulder, saying from now on any future attempt to engage with the United States would take place under the incoming administration.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Moreover, President Obama expected Putin to follow the long history of retaliation and reciprocal expulsions that has governed the relationship between the United States and Russia for decades, but the Kremlin leader instead chose to deviate from the typical diplomatic protocol of tit-for-tat.
Putin's reaction went against high-ranking Kremlin officials urging the Russian president to retaliate, a move that completely undermined Obama's effort to make it difficult for the incoming commander-in-chief to improve relations with Russia.
In the statement responding to the sanctions, Putin said the Kremlin “will not resort to the level of irresponsible ‘kitchen' diplomacy,” using what the New York Times (NYT) described as “a common Russian idiom for quarrelsome and unseemly acts.”
Obama's move appears to have backfired, granting the incoming administration leeway to pursue the Moscow-approved restoration of Russia-U.S. relations that Trump has been advocating.
NYT notes:
Should Mr. Putin have chosen to retaliate harshly against the United States [as Obama expected], they would most likely have deepened the rift between the two countries and left President-elect Donald J. Trump with a nettlesome diplomatic standoff from the moment they arrived in the Oval Office. But by choosing to essentially disregard Mr. Obama's punitive measures, Mr. Putin can try to disarm their American critics, including members of Congress who consider them an aggressive foe of the United States. That could give Mr. Trump more room to pursue the closer cooperation with Russia that they have advocated
“This is a perfect step because it makes Obama's administration look very weak and it opens a new page in relations with Trump,” Vladimir Frolov, an international affairs analyst and a columnist, told the Times. “Moscow wanted Trump to have room to maneuver; this decision is a clear gesture of good will toward him.”
Various analysts have used the “box in” expression in reference to Obama's Russia move, including Eric Lorber, a senior adviser at the Center on Sanctions and Illicit Finance at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies (FDD); and Kellyanne Conway, who managed Trump's campaign and has been selected to serve as a counselor to the Republican president in the White House, and mainstream media outlets like NYT.
Obama's actions came in response to Russia allegedly trying to influence the 2016 elections through the supposed hacking of both the Democratic National Committee's servers and the email account of Clinton campaign chair John Podesta. The Podesta emails were ultimately published online by the organization Wikileaks shortly before the election. Those who accuse Russia of the hacking claim the move was intended to obtain information that came from the minds of the Democrats themselves. Some have blamed the hacking scandal for the demise of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, implying that the DNC and Podesta's own words impacted the decision of Americans who voted against Mrs. Clinton.
The Obama administration has yet to provide public evidence linking Russia to Wikileaks.
Various media outlets have erroneously conflated the cyberattack against the DNC and Podesta with a hacking of the U.S. electoral system. There is also no evidence the latter occurred.
Putin has denied the Obama administration's accusations of Russian cyberattacks intended to influence U.S. presidential elections.
According to the State Department, the ejection of the Russian diplomats – dubbed by the Times “the strongest American response yet to a state-sponsored cyberattack” – is also a response to the increasing “pattern of harassment” of American diplomats in Russia.
Despite being friendly to the Obama administration, Vox Media suggested the president's actions against Russia are toothless, noting they are unlikely to “frighten Putin into changing their behavior.” Vox conceded Obama's move is intended “to make it significantly harder for Trump to start their tenure in the White House with an immediate effort to improve ties with Vladimir Putin.”
The Trump team has denounced the DNC hacking, insisting that it remains unclear whether it was a state-sponsored cyberattack by Russia at the behest of Putin. Trump's incoming White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus told Eric Bolling last week, “We agree that foreign governments should not be hacking into American institutions, period!”
THE Boston Celtics were without Kyrie Irving, but barely even competed against one of the worst teams in the NBA, while the Houston Rockets continued their winning ways.
It's all in the NBA Wrap!
AUSSIES IN ACTION
Aron Baynes finished with 10 points and three rebounds in the Chicago Bulls' 108-85 loss to the Chicago Bulls.
BOSTON CELTICS 85 — CHICAGO BULLS 108
Nikola Mirotic scored 24 points, Bobby Portis added a career-high 23 and Chicago rolled to its third straight win.
The last-place Bulls built an 18-point lead in the second quarter against the Eastern Conference leaders. When Boston cut it to 12 in the fourth, Chicago pulled away for the runaway victory.
The Celtics played without star guard Kyrie Irving, who was sidelined by bruised left quadriceps.
Before Monday night, Mirotic and Portis had only made headlines together this season for the wrong reasons. Mirotic missed the first 23 games with facial fractures they suffered in a fight at practice with Portis.
Al Horford scored 15 points for Boston.
LIVE stream the 2017/18 NBA Season on ESPN with the Foxtel Sports Pack. Get your free 2-week Foxtel Now trial & start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW >
NEW ORLEANS PELICANS 123 — HOUSTON ROCKETS 130
Clint Capela scored a career-high 28 points, James Harden had 26 points and 17 assists and the Houston Rockets beat the New Orleans Pelicans 130-123 on Monday night for their 10th straight victory.
The game was tied with about three minutes remaining after Harden made two free throws. Those were the first of seven straight points by Harden that put Houston up 124-119 with 1:30 left.
Jrue Holiday then scored for New Orleans, but Harden responded with a 3-pointer. Harden also made two free throws to make it 129-121 with 34 seconds left.
Holiday had a season-high 37 points for the Pelicans. E'Twaun Moore scored career-high 36 points and made six of New Orleans' franchise-record 18 3-pointers.
MIAMI HEAT 107 — MEMPHIS GRIZZLIES 82
Goran Dragic scored 19 points, leading the balanced Heat to the victory.
Miami shot 56.1 percent from the field and had seven players score in double figures in its second straight win. Josh Richardson had 17 points, and reserves Tyler Johnson and Bam Adebayo finished with 14 apiece.
Memphis lost for the 15th time in 16 games. Marc Gasol scored 19 points on 5-for-14 shooting and Andrew Harrison had 16.
CHARLOTTE HORNETS 116 — OKLAHOMA CITY THUNDER 103
Dwight Howard scored 23 points, leading Charlotte to the road win.
Kemba Walker had 19 points for the Hornets, who had lost seven of eight. Marvin Williams scored 18, and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist finished with 17 points.
It was Charlotte's second road win of the season in 12 tries.
Russell Westbrook had 30 points and seven assists and Paul George scored 20 points for the Thunder after missing the previous two games with a right calf contusion.
Charlotte shot 53 percent from the field against one of the league's best defensive teams. The Bobcats made 13 of 25 3-point attempts.
Camera Icon Charlotte Hornets center Dwight Howard. Picture: AP
PORTLAND TRAIL BLAZERS 104 — GOLDEN STATE WARRIORS 111
TORONTO RAPTORS 91 — LOS ANGELES CLIPPERS 96
Justin Bieber is standing by Selena Gomez after it was revealed they sought treatment for their mental health.
“Justin and Selena are doing great,” a Bieber source tells PEOPLE, just days after it was revealed Gomez had recently sought treatment in New York City for depression and anxiety.
“Their relationship is very special. They have both changed, their lives are so different and it really seems things could work out great this time,” the source continued. “Justin realized that they needed to change, reached out for help and is doing very well.”
“The same [goes] for Selena — the second they don't feel well, they seek help,” the source explained. “They have both hugely matured. Justin is very supportive of Selena feeling them best.”
The source also revealed that the pair “are happy to be back together in LA now” and that “Selena seems very happy.”
RELATED VIDEO: Selena Gomez Steps Out for Lunch in Los Angeles One Day After Treatment News
On Thursday, a source close to Gomez confirmed the 25-year-old “Wolves” singer had completed a two-week treatment program after feeling “like they needed to get away and focus on themselves with no distractions.”
The entertainer reportedly stayed on-site at the center and underwent therapy, ate healthy meals and took Pilates and meditation sessions.
“She came back feeling very empowered,” said the source. “She feels and looks great. She's still working on new music and is excited about it.”
The source also added that Gomez's on-again beau, 23, was supportive of their decision to seek treatment but “she did this for herself.” The star was spotted cheering on Bieber at their hockey team on Wednesday in Los Angeles.
“After all the noise that happened over the holidays, they felt like they needed this,” the source explained. In December, multiple sources told PEOPLE Gomez was not currently speaking to their mom Mandy Teefey.
RELATED: Selena Gomez's Mom Admits She's ‘Not Happy' About Daughter's Reunion With Justin Bieber
This isn't the first time Gomez has taken a break to focus on their health. In 2016, they also stepped away from the spotlight and sought professional treatment after suffering from “anxiety, panic attacks and depression” as side effects of their lupus.
Gomez — who underwent a kidney transplant with an organ donated by their longtime friend Francia Raisa last summer — has gotten increasingly candid about their struggles with mental health and the challenges she's faced growing up in the spotlight.
In their first public appearance after their career break, Gomez got emotional onstage at the American Music Awards when thanking their fans for their unwavering support.
“I think it's safe to say that all of you know my life whether I like it or not. I had to stop because I had everything and I was absolutely broken inside,” they told the audience. “I kept it all together enough to where I would never let you down but I kept it too much together to where I let myself down. If you are broken, you do not have to stay broken.”
Oklahoma City police have issued an arrested warrant for a 19-year-old woman in connection with a man's murder.
Officers say Victoria Smith is wanted for questioning in reference to their possible involvement in the December 2016 murder of Matthew Webster, 19.
A warrant on a charge of accessory to a felony has been issued for Smith.
Anyone with any information as to their whereabouts is asked to call the Homicide Tip Line at (405) 297-1200.
March 19 (UPI) -- Even if carbon emissions are halted tomorrow, significant glacial mass loss is in the cards for planet Earth.
When researchers in Austria and Germany modeled the impact of climate change mitigation efforts of glacial melting rates around the world, they found policy changes and emissions reductions are likely to have a limited influence on glacial mass loss.
"In our calculations, we took into account all glaciers worldwide -- without the Antarctic and Greenland ice sheets and peripheral glaciers -- and modeled them in various climate scenarios," Georg Kaser, a climate scientist at the University of Innsbruck in Austria, said in a news release.
Glaciers are slow to react to climate change, a variety of studies have shown. In other words, the most recent warming trends -- last year's record high temps, for example -- aren't necessarily to blame for the ongoing destabilization of ice sheets and the melting of glaciers around the world. Ice loss has been baked into the planet's climate system over the course of the last century -- a century marked by gradual warming. Even if that warming ends tomorrow, a significant amount of damage has already been conscripted.
"Around 36 percent of the ice still stored in glaciers today would melt even without further emissions of greenhouse gases," said Ben Marzeion, of the Institute of Geography at the University of Bremen. "That means: more than a third of the glacier ice that still exists today in mountain glaciers can no longer be saved even with the most ambitious measures."
That doesn't mean emissions reductions are fruitless. Many studies have shown ice losses and sea level rise will be much less dramatic and destructive if global warming is limited to 1.5 degrees Celsius instead of 2 degrees Celsius.
In fact, the latest research -- published this week in the journal Nature Climate Change -- emphasizes the long-term effects of today's policy decisions.
"Our current behavior has an impact on the long-term evolution of the glaciers -- we should be aware of this," said Kaser.
MOSCOW, April 5 Russia will argue at the United Nations that an apparent chemical attack that left scores dead in Syria was in fact contamination caused by rebels' chemical munitions, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said on Wednesday.
Russia has already suggested it would publicly stand by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
"Russia and its armed forces will continue their operations to support the anti-terrorist operations of Syria's armed forces to free the country," Peskov told reporters.
"In our work with the Security Council, Russia will, as part of its argument, present the facts which have already been laid out by our defence ministry," they added.
A Russian defence ministry statement said earlier that poison gas which killed scores of people in northwestern Syria had leaked from an insurgent chemical-weapons depot after Syrian warplanes hit it.
Washington, Paris and London have drawn up a draft U.N. Security Council statement condemning the attack and demanding an investigation. Russia has the power to veto it, as it has done to block all previous resolutions that would harm Assad. (Reporting by Maria Tsvetkova; writing by Sujata Rao; Editing by Christian Lowe)
Here's a look at the life of Pulitzer and Nobel Prize winning author Toni Morrison.
Scroll for more content...
Personal: Birth date: February 18, 1931
birthplace: Lorain, Ohio
Birth name: Chloe Anthony Wofford
Father: George Wofford
Mother: Ella Ramah (Willis) Wofford
Marriage: Harold Morrison (1958-1964, divorced)
Children: Slade and Harold Ford
Education: Howard University, B.A., 1953; Cornell University, M.A., 1955
Other Facts: Is the first African-American woman to win a Nobel Prize.
Wrote the libretto for "Margaret Garner," which premiered in 2005.
Timeline: 1955-1957 - Teaches at Texas Southern University.
1963-1983 - Works as an editor at Random House.
1970 - "The Bluest Eye" is published.
1973 - "Sula" is published.
1977 - "Song of Solomon" is published.
1981 - "Tar Baby" is published.
1984 -1989 - Serves as the Albert Schweitzer Professor of the Humanities at the State University of New York in Albany.
1987 - "Beloved" is published.
1988 - Is awarded the Pulitzer Prize for "Beloved."
1989-2006 - Serves as the Robert F. Goheen Chair in the Council of the Humanities at Princeton University.
1993 - Is awarded a Nobel Prize in Literature.
1998 - The film version of "Beloved," starring Oprah Winfrey and Danny Glover, is released.
2000 - Is awarded the National Humanities Medal.
2001 - Is given the Pell Award for Lifetime Achievement in the Arts.
2001 - Is given the Enoch Pratt Free Library Lifetime Literary Achievement Award.
2004 - "Remember: The Journey to School Integration" is published.
2004 - Is awarded the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Literary Work-Fiction for "Love."
2005 - Is given the Coretta Scott King Award for "Remember: The Journey to School Integration."
2010 - Morrison's son Slade dies from pancreatic cancer.
May 2012 - Is awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Barack Obama.
2013 - Wins the NYC Literary Honors for Fiction.
April 2015 - Morrison is announced as the 2016 Charles Eliot Norton Professor of Poetry at Harvard University.
2017 - "The Origin of Others" is published.
Uber has suspended tests of its self-driving cars following a fatal accident involving one of the vehicles.
ABC 15 Arizona reported that the vehicle was “headed northbound when a woman walking outside of the crosswalk was struck.”
“The woman was taken to the hospital where they died from their injuries,” they claimed, adding that “the vehicle was in autonomous mode at the time of the crash and a vehicle operator was also behind the wheel.”
Following the incident, Uber reportedly “paused” its self-driving tests in Phoenix, Pittsburgh, San Francisco, and Toronto.
“Our hearts go out to the victim's family,” declared an Uber spokesperson. “We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident.”
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi also released a statement, adding, “Some incredibly sad news out of Arizona. We're thinking of the victim's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened.”
Some incredibly sad news out of Arizona. We're thinking of the victim's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened. https://t.co/cwTCVJjEuz — dara khosrowshahi (@dkhos) March 19, 2018
As noted by the Verge, some reports claimed the victim was a cyclist, however, this is currently unconfirmed.
Last March, another Uber self-driving vehicle also crashed in Arizona, but no serious injuries were recorded.
“Uber has acknowledged its self-driving cars are a danger to bicycles — even as the company battles San Francisco and the California Department of Motor Vehicles over operating the vehicles in the city without a permit,” wrote Breitbart News' Chriss W. Street in 2016. “Uber cars crossing a bike path not only represent a deadly risk to cyclists, but violate California law that mandates that a right-turning car merging into the bike lane before making the turn must yield the right-of-way to the bicycle.”
Wise-cracking, lecherous homicide detective Lieutenant Al Wheeler investigates the disappearances of pretty ‘dames,' a complex hit-and-run case, and murders at a science fiction convention in three entertaining entries in the phenomenally successful Carter Brown mystery series.
Written in the 1950s and long since out-of-print, No Harp for My Angel, Booty for a Babe, and Eve, It's Extortion are a trio of swift-paced, tongue-in-cheek stories by the incredibly prolific Alan Geoffrey Yates, writing under the house name Carter Brown.
Yates, primarily a writer of pulp fiction, used many pseudonyms in their long career and contributed almost all of the 300 Carter Brown books.
Born and raised in London, they emigrated to Australia in their mid-twenties, signed a thirty-year publishing deal that required them to produce two novelettes and one full-length novel a month, and rapidly became Australia's biggest literary export.
Remarkably, they managed, for the most part, to fulfil the demanding publishing contract and, from 1954 to 1984, produced 215 novels and around 75 novella-length stories. The books, which have been translated into fourteen languages and published in 23 countries, have sold in the region of eighty million copies.
In No Harp For My Angel, the first tale in this newly published collection, Lieutenant Wheeler's vacation to Ocean Beach, Florida, turns sour when they upset big-shot gangster Johnny Lynch, a casino owner with mafia connections.
Beaten up and arrested for theft, drunk driving and criminal damage, Wheeler is strong-armed by the Florida police department into playing the role of ‘a big-noise racketeer' from Chicago in order to help them with their investigation into Lynch and their possible connection with four missing women.
Employing unorthodox methods and using their considerable charm with the ladies, the quick-thinking, hard-punching Wheeler battles a psycho gangster, a gorilla-like henchman and a devious red-headed beauty as they unravel Lynch's imaginative, lucrative side operation.
An investigation into the murder of a professor shot in the heart with a steel dart while giving a lecture at a science fiction convention in California is the focus of Booty for a Babe, the rather wacky second story.
Wheeler, who has a torrid time weeding through the 80 suspects, some of whom offer time-travel theories and tales of extra-terrestrials, time-warps and planetoids, begins hallucinating about creatures with ‘heads like squashed oranges,' fifteen arms, tendrils, and three eyes on eight-foot long stalks as they try to get to the bottom of the strange killing.
Lies, deception, and false accusations follow them around, and when a further corpse turns up, it takes all of Wheeler's guile and cunning to unravel the mystery and expose the culprit.
In the final story, Eve, It's Extortion, Wheeler suspects foul play when a widow lands a large life insurance pay-out after their lousy husband is killed in a hit-and-run crash.
Their inquiries, which lead them to shady debt collection agents, turn problematic when further deaths occur and they get a little too intimate with a murder suspect. Soon, the unorthodox cop is striving not to become a humiliated ex-cop.
The playful humour, fast-paced action and lean, uncomplicated plots help make these Carter Brown mysteries quick, pleasurable reads. These three in particular highlight Yates' ability to add a fresh spin to a familiar story and inject a heavy dose of fun into American ‘gangster' fiction.
(Stark House Press, paperback, £14)
On Thursday President Trump signaled that their administration is weighing whether to back the bump stock ban currently being supported by numerous Republican members of the House and Senate.
Talk of the ban comes despite the fact that Barack Obama's ATF approved bump stocks in 2010, labeling them an firearm accessory rather than a firearm conversion apparatus. In other words, a bump stock DOES NOT convert a semiautomatic into an automatic weapon. Rather, it allows the gun's owner to mimic auto fire for short bursts.
advertisement
According to the AP, Trump indicates their administration is considering support for the ban. Trump said, “We'll be looking into that over the next short period of time.”
Trump's statement came later in the same day that Counselor Kellyanne Conway suggested the White House was open to a “thoughtful conversation” on gun control. Conway's statement came just days after White House press secretary Sarah Sanders refused to talk gun control, yet did signal such a talk would come in the future. The Washington Post reported that Sanders described Monday as a “day of mourning” rather than a day of policy, but they added, “There will certainly be a time for that policy discussion to take place.”
Eleven Republican politicians are currently open to the idea of gun control for bump stocks. House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wisc.) is among those who have most recently voiced openness to the idea, intimating Congress “clearly” has to look into whether gun control is needed for bump stocks.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast.  They are also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow them on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach them directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
Finance Minister Nhlanhla Nene announced that a Stellenbosch University's Professor will chair the panel of experts that will review the list of VAT zero-rated items. Picture: Matthews Baloyi/ANA/African News Agancy
Johannesburg - South African Finance Minister Nhlanhla Nene announced that Stellenbosch University's Professor Ingrid Woolard will chair the nine-member independent panel of experts that will review the current list of Value-Added Tax (VAT) zero-rated items.
Woolard is currently dean of Economic and Management Sciences at Stellenbosch University. The other members are: Ayabonga Cawe, Professor Ada Jansen, Dr Thabi Leoka, Dr Neva Makgetla, Lynn Moeng, Cecil Morden, Prenesh Ramphal and Professor Imraan Valodia.
Last month, Nene made a commitment to appoint an independent panel of experts, under the Davis Tax Committee, and publish terms of reference to review the current list of VAT zero-rated items. The increase in the VAT rate from 14 to 15 percent took effect on 1 April.
National Treasury said that the panel's mandate is to review the current list of VAT-zero rated items and consider the most effective way to mitigate the impact of the increase in the VAT rate on poor and low-income households.
The panel will take public comments, convene hearings, and will engage with different stakeholders from civil society organisations, organised labour and business, and deliver an initial report with recommendations to the Davis Tax Committee and the minister by 30 June 2018.
South Africa's VAT system includes 19 basic food items that are zero-rated, including dried beans, samp, maize meal, mealie rice, vegetables, fruits, milk and rice.
Treasury said the review will consider expanding the list of basic items that are VAT zero-rated, and consider how specific expenditure programmes can be improved to better target poor and low-income households.
African News Agency/ANA
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sweet news for chocoholics, Nutella have announced the launch of a new chocolate, biscuit snack bar set to launch in stores this September.
Nutella's B-ready bar, which has all the delicious flavours of the popular hazelnut spread, will cost just 56p, and a £1.99 for a pack of six.
Created by Italian chocolate giants Pietro Ferrero, it's been described as Nutella topped with puffed wheat crispies, sealed in a crispy wafer shell.
And if it's market test is anything to go by it's set to be another top selling product for the Ferrero group.
Contains fewer than 120 calories
Levi Boorer, customer development director at Ferrero told talkingretail.com, “Nutella B-ready is a complementary addition to the Ferrero range, offering shoppers more ‘sweet snacking' solutions throughout the day.
“We see B-ready as the ideal mid-morning snack, containing fewer than 120 calories, while other products – like Kinder Bueno – are much more suited to post lunch snacking.
“Our initial UK trial has proved incredibly successful. We ranged at the till in a selection of convenience stores and Nutella B-ready ranked as the fourth best performing sweet snacking line during the period.
“We also found that merchandising the single serve product separately to the multi-pack drove incremental sales. We would recommend that the single serve features alongside popular confectionery lines like Kinder Bueno and the multipack format within the biscuits aisle.”
0 Students banned from graduation over prank to sell school on Craigslist
INDEPENDENCE, Mo. - A Missouri teenager was banned from graduating with their high school senior class after a prank offering to sell their high school on Craigslist backfired on him.
>> Read more trending news
Kylan Scheele, 18, admitted they posted the ad on Craigslist offering Truman High School in Independence, Missouri, for sale at a bargain price of $12,725, according to the Kansas City Star, but Scheele said it was just a joke.
The school district didn't see it that way and banned Scheele from participating in the school's graduation ceremony last weekend.
#BREAKING: @aclu_mo urging @ISDSchools superintendent to let Kylan Scheele, who listed Truman High for sale as a prank, walk in Saturday's graduation, adding that the punishment "violates Scheele's free speech." The follow-up report tonight on @fox4kc at 10pm. @ZacOnTV #fox4kc pic.twitter.com/ruIU88vZ0v — FOX 4 News (@fox4kc) May 25, 2018
The ad included a listing of amenities that came with the school, like a new athletic field, plenty of parking and a “bigger than normal dining room,” according to WDAF-TV.
But district officials said the problem with the ad was the reason for the sale. Scheele wrote the school was being sold “due to the loss of students coming up,” WDAF reported.
“I decided to say the reason we're selling this is because of 'the loss of students,' because the senior class is graduating,” Scheele said.
The teenager said they apologized for the joke, but school officials weren't laughing and gave them the harshest penalty possible, suspending them from the school's graduation ceremony.
The American Civil Liberties Union of Missouri has since filed a lawsuit against the school district, contending the harsh punishment violated Scheele's free-speech rights.
We should encourage students to express their free speech rights. We urge the Independence School District to let Kylan Scheele walk in their graduation ceremony. https://t.co/wK4jR5IbAJ pic.twitter.com/iBfrYmFByL — ACLU of Missouri (@aclu_mo) May 25, 2018
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
April 9 BioTelemetry Inc:
* BioTelemetry, Inc launches a tender offer to acquire Lifewatch AG
* Lifewatch AG shareholders will receive either CHF10.00 in cash and 0.1457 shares of BioTelemetry stock
* or Lifewatch shareholders will receive CHF8.00 in cash and 0.2185 shares of BioTelemetry stock, depending on their preference
* total deal value is approximately CHF260 million
* BioTelemetry will fund transaction with a combination of cash on hand, debt and equity
* transaction has been approved by both boards of directors
* expects combination to yield significant synergies to be realized over 12 to 18-month period, post-closing
* assuming transaction full synergies had been realized immediately, combined 2017 adjusted ebitda would be approximately $95 to $100 million
* transaction is expected to close in q3 of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
It was a tropical Easter for Christina El Moussa and their kiddies this year.
The Flip or Flop star jetted off to Hawaii for the April holiday with their two children, 6-year-old daughter Taylor, and 1-year-old son Braydon. While on vacation, the reality star made sure to share a handful of adorable family photos to them Instagram.
“Maui days are the best days,” Christina captioned a snap of them and Taylor.
Maui days are the best days ☀️🌈 A post shared by Christina El Moussa (@christinaelmoussa) on Apr 15, 2017 at 8:33pm PDT
Happy Easter 🐰💙🙌🏼 A post shared by Christina El Moussa (@christinaelmoussa) on Apr 16, 2017 at 12:32pm PDT
Happy Easter 🐰💙🙌🏼 A post shared by Christina El Moussa (@christinaelmoussa) on Apr 16, 2017 at 12:32pm PDT
After a day full of Easter festivities, Christina managed to get a little downtime for some bubbly.
It's 5 o'clock here #mauilife @veuveclicquot A post shared by Christina El Moussa (@christinaelmoussa) on Apr 16, 2017 at 8:07pm PDT
Christina, who quietly separated from their husband Tarek last May, recently told PEOPLE that it wasn't easy to explain the couple's split to their daughter.
“At first, we just tried to be really vague,” Christina, who also has son Brayden with Tarek, admitted. “We're always remodeling our house or the yard, so when I moved out with the kids temporarily, we didn't really get into it, and they didn't ask.”
“Taylor asked if we could get back together,” they added. “We had to explain that sometimes couples get divorced but that they and Brayden are our No. 1 priority. We'll always be a family.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Luton Vipers are looking for sponsors to support the club for the 2018 season.
The Vipers lifted both the East RL Division One title and the East RL Vase last campaign, with the club attracting a large squad from across Bedfordshire.
The club is now looking to build on the successes of 2017, and secure further sponsorship to help support not only the senior set-up, but the clubs thriving junior section.
Rob Ashton, Vipers club chairperson, said: “The club was reborn last season and our initial plan was to build for 2018 and secure the clubs future.
“Not only did we front up against some strong, seasoned clubs, but we came out on top.
“We had a strong leadership team last season, but we have to focus on the current situation.
“The club is need of new playing attire, equipment, and this can be achieved by the backing of local businesses.
“Having the support of the local community is key to the success of the club both on and off the pitch, and if any businesses want to be a part of that journey, get in touch.”
If you'd like to register interest in supporting the club in the 2018 in any capacity, then email: lutonvipersrl@gmail.com.
Aug 14 (Reuters) - Synlait Milk Ltd
* Updates on Grass Fed Infant Formula U.S. launch‍​
* New timing will not have material impact on Synlait's forecast FY18 volumes
* Co & Munchkin understand the FDA process is expected to take further 4 to 12 months Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
THE Department of Trade and Industry (DTI) said reforms being carried out by the government are expected to improve the investment climate in the Philippines, and invited large economies to help developing countries expand their trade.
In a statement on Monday, Trade and Industry Secretary Ramon M. Lopez issued the call for “global inclusiveness” during the ASEAN-Australia CEO panel discussion in Sydney on March 17.
“Major economies should help the developing ones, pouring in more trade transactions into ASEAN,” they were quoted as saying.
During the forum, Mr. Lopez said that the government is focusing on innovations with immediate application to improving the private sector's competitiveness.
“The academe is being tapped to support this initiative in order to guide policy development, ensuring that research is used practically used to support industry competitiveness,” they added.
Mr. Lopez noted the country's efforts to reform the public utilities and retail trade sectors.
Their pitch to the CEOs also touched on the Philippine tax reforms which lowered rates paid by individual taxpayers with a view to improving consumption, as well as the rapid expansion in infrastructure spending. — Janina C. Lim
JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Holocaust survivor Israel Kristal, who last year was recognised by Guinness World Records as the world's oldest living man, died in Israel on Friday, aged 113, local news media reports said.
Guinness said Kristal was born in Poland on Sept. 15, 1903, and survived the Auschwitz death camp, where their first wife, two children and other family members were killed by the Nazis. They married again after the war and moved to Israel in 1950.
Kristal was awarded a Guinness certificate as the world's oldest man on March 11, 2016, when they were 112 years and 178 days old. They died on Friday in the northern port city of Haifa aged 113 years and 330 days, Israeli reports said.
Jeanne Calment, a French woman, had the longest confirmed human lifespan, according to Guinness. They died in 1997 at the age of 122.
(This story fixes typographical error in "Guinness" in last paragraph.)
The former head of the Australian Grand Prix, Sir Ron Walker, will be farewelled at a state funeral in Melbourne.
Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews announced a service for Mr Walker would be held on Wednesday at St Paul's Cathedral.
"He was a giant of Victoria and indeed Australia, both in stature and in the contribution that they made over many years in business and public life in setting us up to be the major events and sporting capital of our nation," Mr Andrews told reporters after Mr Walker's death on Tuesday.
Mr Walker wrestled the world-renowned race from Adelaide to Melbourne in 1993, played a role in the creation of Crown Casino and was briefly Melbourne's Lord Mayor in the 1970s.
The successful business person was also a stalwart of the Liberal party and was party treasurer for more than a decade.
CTV Atlantic
An incident at a free Canada Day concert in Dartmouth has some people considering whether they'll return next year.
Police were called to Alderney Landing Sunday night for reports of a so-called ‘physical disturbance,” and this isn't the first incident of this kind to happen at the venue on Canada Day.
It's supposed to be a night full of free music and it ended up being a brawl according to some witnesses.
“It was crazy,” said Ishini Apsara.“There were a lot of cop cars and people getting arrested and a lot of fights.”
There were three to four hundred people. Not all were involved but all were certainly exposed to the disturbance and officers made several arrests
Police say while one man was being arrested --- another man jumped-in.
They were then arrested for obstructing police and was later found to be carrying a knife.
A 17-year-old is now facing charges.
Restaurant owner Jeff McLatchy noticed it from the patio across the street.
“There was a bit of a kerfuffle, it looked like, across the street on the stairs going down to the ferry terminal,” they said.
And that's where Alex Cooke, a Canadian Press reporter was when they snapped some pictures and tweeted.
Shawn Freeze took their son to the concert years ago and says they won't be back.
“First thing we saw was some yelling and screaming,” Freeze said. “And then someone spread over a cop car, getting arrested.”
That's not what Alderney Landing executive director Bea MacGregor wants to hear. They have planned nearly 20 Canada Day celebrations at Alderney Landing and is frustrated by the bad name the concert seems to get.
“Well, inside the concert grounds, we had zero incidents on our site which is phenomenal for 8,000 people,” MacGregor said.
MacGregor shot their own videos to show how orderly it was and says it's getting safer.
They say the incident was one blip in an otherwise celebratory Canada Day weekend in Dartmouth.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Kelly Linehan.
The former student who gunned down 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, recorded their plans on three cellphone videos, saying in one that they would try to kill at least 20 people.
According to newly released transcripts of the videos obtained from a source close to the investigation, Nikolas Cruz details how they will carry out the shooting.
“I'm gonna go take Uber in the afternoon before 2:40 (p.m.). From there I'll go into — onto school campus, walk up the stairs, unload my bags and get my AR and shoot people down at the man — what is it? — the main courtyard, wait, and people will die,” they say.
Investigators discovered the videos on Cruz's cellphone, which was taken into evidence after the shooting. The videos are listed on the prosecution's discovery list. Authorities didn't say when the videos were recorded.
In another video, Cruz says, “Today is the day. The day it all begin. The day of my massacre shall begin. All the kids in school will run and fear and hide. From the wrath of my power they will know who I am.”
“Hello, my name is Nick and I'm going to be the next school shooter of 2018,” says Cruz at the start of another video. “My goal is at least 20 people with an AR-15 and a couple tracer rounds.”
“It's going to be a big event. And when you see me on the news, you'll all know who I am,” they said before laughing.
They end that video saying, “You're all going to die. Pew, pew-pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew. Ah yeah. Can't wait.”
On February 14, Cruz used an AR-15-style rifle to kill 17 people and wound 17 others. They confessed to the crimes, police said, but has not been convicted.
The White House said Monday that President Trump wants women to feel comfortable coming forward with allegations of sexual misconduct, but that doesn't mean they believe every accusation, especially those levied against him.
“As the President said himself, they think it's a good thing that women are coming forward, but they also feel strongly that a mere allegation shouldn't determine the course and in this case, the President has denied any of these allegations as have eyewitnesses and several reports have shown those eyewitnesses also back up the President's claims in this process,” White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders. “The American people knew this and voted for the President and we feel like we're ready to move forward in that process.”
In recent weeks, Trump has said they think it's a good thing that more women are coming forward, but they have since backed Alabama Senate Republican candidate Roy Moore, who has been accused by multiple women of sexual misconduct toward them when they were teens.
Before the election, Trump was accused by more than a dozen women of sexual harassment and assault. Trump has denied all the claims and called the women liars.
On Monday, three of Trump's accusers went public and asked for a congressional ethics probe into the allegations against him. In the last week, several Democratic lawmakers have called on the President to resign, including Sens. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) and Kirsten Gillabrand (D-NY).
The White House has continuously defended the President, saying the American people made a judgment on whether they believed the Trump accusers by electing them President. On Monday, Sanders mildly dialed back on that outright rejection of the claims and suggested there were “eye witnesses” to refute the women's accusations.
“The President has addressed these accusations directly and denied all of these allegations and this took place long before they were elected to be President and the people of this country had a decisive election, supported President Trump, and we feel that these allegations have been answered through that process,” they said.
When asked whether they struggled personally, as a woman, with the President's response to the allegations, Sanders shot down the question, saying she's there to relay Trump's message.
× UW professor leads study tracking climate change rerouting river's course
SEATTLE– A study published Monday by University of Tacoma professor Dan Shugar focuses on what seems to be the first modern case of river piracy. River piracy is when the water from one river is “stolen” by another.
Scientists blame global warming after the melt from a glacier in the Yukon drastically switched directions last May.
Water used to flow from the glacier into the Slims River, eventually going into the Bering Sea. Now, water flows from the glacier south and into the Pacific Ocean. Prior to 2016, some water from the glacier was already going south… but now, nearly all the water from the glacier flows in that direction.
Researchers say the Slims River used to be ten feet deep and now it hardly gets your feet wet. Shugar said the amazing part is how quick the river piracy occurred.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WATCH: Professor explains why people in Seattle should care
Shugar said climate change will bring impacts that we may not be prepared for and some of those impacts may occur very rapidly.
You can view more photos of the changes here.
SM Adult Ringer Cotton Short Sleeve SKU: 170102-50770-1
Part No: BLE104
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable 30/1 Ringer T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Cotton Regular Fit Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50770
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton 18/1 High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Short Sleeve Adult T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart XL Adult Cotton Tall Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50770
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Tri-Blend Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50770
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: polyester / ring spun cotton / rayon
50% Poly / 25% Ring Spun Cotton / 25% Rayon High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Short Sleeve T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Cotton Short Sleeve V-Neck Tee SKU: 170102-50770
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Heather Regular Fit Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50770
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Heather Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Cotton 30/1 Slim Fit Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50770
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Womens Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50770
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SKU: 170102-50770-1Part No: BLE104Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable 30/1 Ringer T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50770Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton 18/1 High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Short Sleeve Adult T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50770Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50770Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: polyester / ring spun cotton / rayon50% Poly / 25% Ring Spun Cotton / 25% Rayon High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Short Sleeve T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50770Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50770Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Heather Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50770Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50770Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: New
Product Types: T-Shirts - Short Sleeve
Genres: Action | Martial Arts
Studio: Trev
This item can only be shipped to U.S. addresses.
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
This apparel design features an iconic image of Bruce Lee from the cover of their famous book The Tao of Jeet Kune Do, along with their imprinted signature.
Related Items
Categories
Action | Martial Arts | T-Shirts - Short Sleeve | Trev
A new man now in charge of the Department of Marine Resources. Joe Spraggins is taking over leadership, now they are here to share their vision for DMR's future.
Barton County Commissioners Monday passed a resolution that will make it unlawful for a motor vehicle operator to use an engine compression brake to aid in the deceleration of any vehicle that results in the emission of excessive and loud noise within one mile of any corporate city limit within Barton County.
The “Jake Brake” ordinance is the result of a request by county resident Gary Burke who lives at the intersection of Railroad Avenue and McKinley, an intersection that is just outside Great Bend city limits.
Here's Barton County Operations Director Phil Hathcock.
Phil Hathcock audio
https://www.greatbendpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/HATHCOCK-COUNTY.mp3
As for signage, Hathcock says signs will only be placed near the Railroad Avenue/McKinley intersection with the option of adding signs to other locations at a later date.
Phil Hathcock audio
https://www.greatbendpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/HATHCOCK-THERE.mp3
Given the flat wide roads in Barton County, Hathcock says there is no safety concern that would require the use of an additional braking system in populated areas. Commissioners passed the new ordinance 5-0.
Denny Hamlin will start on pole position for this weekend's Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series Bank of America 500 at Charlotte Motor Speedway. Hamlin took their #11 Joe Gibbs Racing Toyota Camry to the top of the time-sheets in the third and final session of qualifying to take their first pole position of 2017.
Prior to the final session, the speed looked to be with Stewart-Haas Racing‘s Ford Fusions, with both Kevin Harvick and Clint Bowyer ending the first two rounds in first and second on both occasions. However, neither could deny Denny of the top spot in the final round. What's more, Hamlin's team-mate Matt Kenseth also managed to vault up to the front row after lapping within just two-hundredths of a second of the pole time.
Track position is important in most NASCAR Cup Series races, but Charlotte Motor Speedway is one of the more important ones. With that in mind, Hamlin taking their first pole position of the year couldn't have come at a more opportune time:
“This is a track position type race track. All of them are, but any mile and half you go to you want to have the number one pit stall, you want to be out in clean air,” said Hamlin post-qualifying, “Good thing with our FedEx Toyota we had a good, fast car and put it on the top.
“The good part about it with our cars it seemed like we got just a tiny bit faster each and every round when a lot of guys started backing up and that was the key for us to get the pole.”
After their asupervisorstioned great pace in the first rounds of qualifying, the Stewart-Haas Ford's of Harvick and Bowyer would fade to third and fifth respectively. Bowyer may have had the pace to take their first pole position in ten years – their last coming in the 2007 Sylvania 300 at New Hampshire – but they couldn't get their #14 Ford Fusion down to the apex of turns three and four on their final run.
Kyle Busch split the two Stewart-Haas drivers to take fourth place. It was a herculean effort for #18 team after Kyle smacked the wall on the exit of turn four during practice earlier in the day. The team originally planned to go to a backup car, but instead, they managed to fix the damage on the original car. It was then a close call for Busch to pass pre-qualifying inspection, but they managed to do so with just a few minutes left on the clock. To come back from the odds being stacked against them to take fourth could be crucial for Kyle's race on Sunday.
Brad Keselowski will line up sixth in their #2 Team Penske Ford Fusion, with Chase Elliott just behind in seventh in the Hendrick Motorsports #24 Chevrolet. Kurt Busch had a strong qualifying in the #41 Stewart-Haas Ford, but sadly it comes a week too late having been eliminated from the playoffs after last weekend's race at Dover. The same story goes for Kasey Kahne in the #5 HMS Chevrolet, who followed just behind Kurt to take ninth place.
Kyle Larson will line up ninth in the #42 Chip Ganassi Racing Chevrolet ahead of Ryan Newman‘s #31 Richard Childress Racing Chevrolet, with Danica Patrick completing the top twelve that made it to the final session of qualifying in the #10 for Stewart-Haas Racing. Patrick's surprise inclusion in the final round meant that Stewart-Haas was the only team to get their entire squad into the top twelve shoot-out.
Five playoff drivers failed to make it all the way in qualifying. Ryan Blaney put their #21 Wood Brothers Racing Ford Fusion in the fifteenth position, with championship leader Martin Truex Jr following not far behind in seventeenth. Truex's #78 Furniture Row Racing Toyota looked off the pace throughout qualifying, with the end result being their worst qualifying performance since the season-opening Daytona 500 back in February where they qualified thirty-fifth.
Jamie McMurray and Ricky Stenhouse Jr may have managed to scrape through to this round of the playoffs, but they both know they need to up their game if they want to get any further. The pair qualified in eighteenth and twenty-second respectively; meaning that they'll have to gain some positions on Sunday if they want to get this round off to a good start.
The final playoff driver in the field failed to make it out of the first session of qualifying. What's even more shocking is that that driver is Jimmie Johnson in the #48 Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet. Johnson enters the weekend as the active driver with the most wins at Charlotte, but a combination of car setup issues and a number of failed attempts at passing pre-qualifying inspection meant that Jimmie was unable to break into the top twenty-four in the first session. They will line up in twenty-fifth, but they managed to win this race a year ago on a late-race restart; so they could manage to come through from the mid-pack to be a contender later on.
Two practice sessions for the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series field will take place on Saturday, followed by the 2017 Bank of America 500 on Sunday afternoon.
Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series – 2017 Bank of America 500 – Qualifying top twelve:
Pos Car # Driver Manufacturer Best Time 1 11 Denny Hamlin (P) Toyota 28.184 2 20 Matt Kenseth (P) Toyota 28.200 3 4 Kevin Harvick (P) Ford 28.214 4 18 Kyle Busch (P) Toyota 28.281 5 14 Clint Bowyer Ford 28.334 6 2 Brad Keselowski (P) Ford 28.338 7 24 Chase Elliott (P) Chevrolet 28.360 8 41 Kurt Busch Ford 28.367 9 5 Kasey Kahne Chevrolet 28.388 10 42 Kyle Larson (P) Chevrolet 28.411 11 31 Ryan Newman Chevrolet 28.449 12 10 Danica Patrick Ford 28.539
(P) = Playoff contender
A marine park in the province of Ontario has announced that a young beluga whale died suddenly from a twisted bowel. Gia was born at Marineland but sometime after their birth their mother stopped nursing them
A dedicated marine mammal care team worked with their 18 hours a day for an extended period to get them to eat properly. Things went well.
Belugas are cared for by a marine mammal care team at Marineland. © Scott Dunlop/Canadian Press
Death was ‘a great shock'
Gia grew and put on weight and was reintroduced in to their pod. A news release says their sudden passing came as a great shock to everyone: “She will be deeply missed by their marine mammal care team and everyone at Marineland.”
A complete necropsy is being conducted and management promises to make the results public.
DIEGO MARADONA BELIEVES Colombia were victims of a ‘monumental theft' in their World Cup last-16 defeat to England and laid into the performance of referee Mark Geiger.
Maradona, whose famous ‘Hand of God' goal helped knock England out of the 1986 World Cup, nailed their colours to the Colombian mast after Argentina were eliminated at the hands of France and was pictured wearing the team's jersey on social media.
However, Colombia's hopes were ended by a 4-3 shoot-out loss, despite Yerry Mina's second-half stoppage-time goal cancelling out Harry Kane's penalty to earn a 1-1 draw after extra time.
Jose Pekerman's side received six bookings in a tempestuous match, but Maradona says Colombia can feel robbed and questioned the decision of FIFA referee chief Pierluigi Collina to appoint American official Geiger.
Speaking to teleSUR, they said:
I saw a monumental theft on the pitch. I apologise to all the Colombian people, but the players are not to blame for this.
“Here is a gentleman [Collina] who is the one who decides to choose a referee by just googling him. They cannot be put in to referee a match of this magnitude.”
Maradona, whose celebration of Argentina's dramatic win over Nigeria that sealed a place in the knockout stages will provide one of the lasting memories of Russia 2018, was particularly scathing of Geiger's decision to award a spot-kick to England when Kane was dragged to ground by Carlos Sanchez.
When asked what their biggest objection was, they replied: “The penalty. The penalty was not a penalty.
“It was Kane's fault. The rules allow for VAR assistance, yes or no? Why did they not ask for the VAR? It is not possible, this has to be denounced.”
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
BARWON HEADS, Australia — Australian Minjee Lee shot a 6-under 67 Sunday for a five-stroke victory in the Vic Open, the first tournament of the year on the Ladies European Tour.
Lee finished with a four-round total of 13-under 279 on the 13th Beach Golf Links, one better than Karis Davidson, who closed with a 71.
Cheyenne Woods, niece of Tiger Woods, shot a final-round 70 and finished eight strokes behind in eighth place.
By The Associated Press
Democrats should not be fooled by the turbulence that came at the end of the week for this administration. With stock markets falling 666 points and outrage on the airwaves about the leaked memo, some Democrats might feel that this means President Donald Trump and the Republican Party are imploding. This is the moment Democrats have been waiting for.
Scroll for more content...
But the President's opponents should not get too giddy. Even with the chaos and stock market turbulence, there are some strong signs that President Trump is in the process of mounting a political comeback.
Trump's approval rating has reached 42% -- up 10 points since December -- according to the latest Monmouth University Poll. Saturday morning, the President, citing the right-leaning Rasmussen poll, tweeted that their "approval rating jumped to 49%...So why does the media refuse to write this? Oh well, someday!"
Whether it's 42% or 49%, the fact remains that their approval rating is increasing. And Democrats are seeing some slippage in the generic ballot (it asks voters, without using specific names, whether they will vote for a Democrat or a Republican in the midterms) for November, which suggests that a "wave" election is not as inevitable as it looked just a few weeks ago.
Americans are feeling good
According to the latest Gallup Mood of the Nation poll, Americans are feeling pretty good right now -- compared with early 2017. Seventy-eight percent of those polled were pleased with the nation's military strength (up 12 points from last year); confidence in how secure the United States is from terrorist threats increased from 50% to 63%. Perhaps most important, consumer confidence is at a 17-year high.
In January, American employers added 200,000 jobs and wages spiked. Yes, the stock market fell, but it remains at historically high levels. And this month, workers' paychecks will grow a bit bigger as the new IRS tax withholding tables register the impact of the tax cut that passed in December.
To be sure, the massive wave of retirements from Republicans in Congress, the overall poll numbers and tumult that President Trump will inevitably continue to create, still point to a good midterm election for Democrats. The sharp drop in the stock market Friday is a reminder that the key economic indicators can swing very quickly and those changes are hard to control. But the situation is changing and Democrats should not take some of the gains seen by this administration lightly and underestimate Trump once again.
Given how wrong the prognosticators were about who would win the 2016 presidential election, these signs of resurgence should be taken seriously.
How did this comeback begin?
The political dynamics in Washington started to change around Christmas, when President Trump shed any pretense of being a true economic populist and handed corporate America the big, fat whopping tax break that it had been waiting for since the start of their presidency. The tax cut was icing on the cake after a year when the administration quietly moved forward with deregulations for the corporate and financial sectors that were issued through executive action.
The tax cut was a huge victory for the GOP. Although the measure was extremely unpopular at the time of its passage, the bet seems to be paying off. Polls now show that approval for the measure has been steadily rising.
As long as the economic trends continue, President Trump and the GOP will be in good position to claim that it's Morning in America Again, to borrow President Reagan's phrase in 1984. Regardless of who deserves the credit for the economic boom, and regardless of the very real problems still facing millions of middle- and working-class families, the numbers are strong enough to be used by Republicans on the campaign trail as a sign of success.
Trump's version of Nixon's Saturday Night Massacre
In the Trump edition, nobody actually had to be fired. With all of the experts wondering whether President Trump would get rid of Robert Mueller or a high-level FBI official, the President, with the support of congressional Republicans, undertook a different strategy that is accomplishing the same goal. They moved to discredit the entire investigation through rumors, partisan memos, scandalous innuendo and character assassination.
The President's Twitter feed has been an ongoing public relations machine to convince the country that the investigators are up to no good. The hoopla over whether or not President Trump would allow the infamous Republican memo to be seen was always beside the point. Once the news provided 24-hour coverage of the fact that some allegedly shocking memo was lurking in the committee room, the President had accomplished their goal.
It didn't really matter what was in the memo or that it was a partisan missive, just that something potentially scandalous existed. They had provided more fuel to the conspiratorial attacks the GOP has undertaken against the Russia investigation.
Although the public still supports Mueller's investigation and is dubious about the President's claims, the narrative of a "Deep State" and special investigator who attempted to throw an election and undertake a coup have taken strong hold in the national conversation. The release of the memo Friday will add fuel to the fire with its implication that the investigation was based on flawed information. In a memo that does not provide supporting intelligence and provides an incomplete portrait of how the investigation started, and why it continued, Republicans will claim to see evidence that the entire scandal was manufactured.
Trump boxed Democrats into difficult political position
The President has also made a pretty effective move on immigration. Before they became president, the young children of illegal immigrants who entered this country were protected by the "Dreamer" program that President Barack Obama implemented through executive action.
In an effort to strengthen support for their hard-line restrictionist immigration plan, which remains the centerpiece of Trump's New Deal, they created an artificial crisis by rescinding the entire program. They baited the Democrats into making the legislative restoration of DACA some kind of deal, rather than this being the President's responsibility.
Democrats, who believe in government and governance, quickly buckled to a temporary budget that did not restore DACA. Now the President has raised the stakes by promoting a deal by which they would accept legislation restoring DACA, in a more expansive structure than before, in exchange for draconian measures on the rest of immigration -- from cutting off much the inflow of legal immigrants allowed by Lyndon Johnson's 1965 legislation to building their infamous wall.
Democrats are in a position of being the deciding force as to whether DACA survives, despite the fact they don't control any branch of government.  They are pitting the Dreamers against the millions of other immigrants who won't be able to come here or won't be able to stay. They would take off the table the possibility of a path to citizenship for all the illegal immigrants who have been hoping for the kind of bolder agreement that Presidents Bush and Obama pushed unsuccessfully. Proponents of a liberalized immigration plan will have no more leverage.
The Democrats have allowed the President to frame the negotiations on their terms. If they can't change the way this issue is being discussed, they will face a lose-lose situation. Either they will be held to blame for being responsible for ending DACA, which will deflate the party's base, or they will hand President Trump a massive legislative victory that could virtually cement their standing for 2020. The President would go into the midterm elections claiming that they achieved the "grand bargain," which eluded their predecessors, with legislation that liberalized certain parts of immigration while giving the hard-line right everything else that it wanted. They campaigned on building a wall and they will be able to say that they delivered. Minority leader Chuck Schumer has not been successful at keeping the focus on the GOP's responsibility to decide whether to keep DACA or deport hundreds of thousands of young people -- and might pay a steep price.
Trump still has the GOP's support
Finally, President Trump has been able to maintain partisan discipline. Despite all the complaints and big speeches from Republicans like Sens. Bob Corker and Jeff Flake, Republicans have generally remained supportive of the President-voting for their bills and avoiding any kind of proactive steps to tame their reckless behavior. The Washington Post reports that the Republican National committee is raising much more than the DNC.
Of course, President Trump remains incredibly vulnerable politically and their comeback is fragile. So, too, is the future of the Republican Party, which has now firmly thrown its reputation behind Trump and faces an extraordinarily challenging midterm election in November.
But President Trump has temporarily stopped the bleeding. Beneath the headlines about the Russia investigation is evidence that the administration is bouncing back and might be in stronger position going into the next set of elections than most of their opponents expected.
Don't miss our news
Get the latest on government waste, fraud, and abuse - directly in your inbox.
* PREVIOUS TRADING SESSION MOVES:
* SSEC +0.6 pct, CSI300 +0.3 pct, HSI -0.7 pct
* Shanghai->HK daily quota used 9.1 pct
* HK->Shenzhen Connect daily quota used 2.1 pct, Shenzhen->HK daily quota used 2.5 pct
* CNY official close 6.8903 per dollar
* FTSE China A50 +0.0 pct, BNY Mellon ADR China Select Index -1.1 pct
SHANGHAI, April 12 Following is a list of recent corporate and policy announcements, as well as other news that might affect Chinese financial markets. Policy, government, sector news:
* Chinese cities restrict home sales by buyers to fight speculation
* China Q1 auto sales strongest since 2014 despite tax cut rollback Data due:
* China FDI, Inflation data. For preview
Company moves: (Unless otherwise specified, pct change is for y/y)
In focus
* Huishan Dairy troubles worsen as banks send warning over $200 mln loan, assets frozen
* China United Network Communications: controlling shareholder mulling bringing in strategic investor via share private placement
* China's Huawei targets Amazon, Alibaba in public cloud service push
* Mexican regulator pins conditions ChemChina, Syngenta deal
* China's CNPC sets up Mideast headquarters in Dubai free zone
2016 results
* Shanghai Lingang 2016 profit up 20.2 pct
* Shanghai RAAS Blood Products' 2016 net profit up 11.8 pct
* Beijing Originwater Technology's 2016 net profit up 35.6 pct
* Inner Mongolia Junzheng Energy & Chemical's 2016 net profit up 88.6 pct
* Tongling Nonferrous Metals returns to net profit in 2016
* Tonghua Dongbao Pharma's 2016 net profit up 30.0 pct Q1/March results
* GF Securities Q1 net profit up 8 pct
* Huatai Securities March net profit up 665 pct from Feb
* Citic Securities March net profit down 40 pct
* BBMG sees Q1 net profit up 152-199 pct
* Shaanxi Coal to return to net profit in Q1
* Zhejiang Huayou Cobalt expects to turn to black in Q1
* Qingdao Tgood Electric sees Q1 net profit up 0-15 pct
* FAW Car expects to return to profit in Q1
* Youngor sees Q1 net profit down 50-60 pct
* Wanda Cinema Line's Q1 box office revenue up 4.2 pct
* China Gezhouba's Q1 newly signed contracts up 42.55 pct
* Shenzhen Airport's Q1 passenger throughput up 8.0 pct, cargo throughput up 8.1 pct
Equity changes/IPOs
* Nanjing Sanchao Advanced Materials' IPO 8,640.1 times oversubscribed M&A
* Aier Eye Hospital offers to buy Spain firm Clínica Baviera, S.A. at 10.35 euros ($10.99) per share Other moves (spin-offs, divestitures, deals)
* CRRC's units win five overseas contracts
* China Fortune Land plans nine firms, units win auctions, to buy property projects (Compiled by Luoyan Liu)
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
The New York Giants have entertained trade discussions surrounding offensive tackle Ereck Flowers, according to a published report Tuesday.
NFL Network Insider Ian Rapoport reported that the Giants are seeking trade compensation for Flowers, who has steered clear from team workouts thus far.
"There's not much to say," New York coach Pat Shurmur told reporters of the 23-year-old Flowers' absence. "It's voluntary. I'm of the feeling it's very necessary."
The Giants own the second overall pick of the 2018 NFL Draft, which begins Thursday at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas. While the team reportedly is considering either Penn State running back Saquon Barkley or North Carolina State defensive end Bradley Chubb, Notre Dame offensive guard Quenton Nelson could be a possibility.
NFLDraftScout.com senior analyst Rob Rang lists USC quarterback Sam Darnold first in their most recent Big Board. UCLA quarterback Josh Rosen, Barkley, Nelson and Chubb round out the top five.
Flowers has started 46 games for the Giants since being selected with the ninth overall pick of the 2015 NFL Draft.
The Giants signed two-time Super Bowl champion left tackle Nate Solder to a four-year, $62 million deal in free agency, a move that would shuffle Flowers to the right side.
General manager Dave Gettleman said at the time of Solder's signing that Shurmur told Flowers of the team's plan for him.
"(Shurmur) said, 'Listen, we're going to move you to right, and at the end of the day, the five best offensive linemen play,'" Gettleman said, per the New York Post. "That's where they left it, and Ereck was fine on the phone."
Former Giants offensive lineman Geoff Schwartz reported that Flowers, along with now former teammate Bobby Hart, both refused to play in the Week 17 game against the Washington Redskins last season.
Flowers and then-interim head coach Steve Spagnuolo both denied the report, citing the player's ankle injury.
* Russia is the world's third biggest gold producer
* New mines to help it keep position
* Weak rouble supports production, investment
* Yakutia's Oymyakon district counts on gold ore
By Diana Asonova
UST-NERA, Yakutia, Russia, April 13 In winter it gets so cold that metal snaps.
When the weather is warmer people make a living sifting the earth for fragments of gold in the Oymyakon district of Russia's far eastern Yakutia region.
But the unusually rich deposits of the alluvial gold near the surface are running out and producers have had to switch to the more expensive process of digging mines to extract gold ore.
Production at the first two mines to be opened in the area since the fall of the Soviet Union will start soon. One is being launched by GV Gold, with U.S. fund BlackRock and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development among its shareholders, and another by the locally-owned Yantar group.
As alluvial deposits disappear in other areas, producers are opening mines to help Russia keep its place as the world's third biggest gold producer after China and Australia and ahead of the United States in fourth place.
"It is always hard to move away from old traditions but all regions nearby... have already gone through it," said Elena Andreyeva, chief ore mining geologist at Yantar.
Global gold prices in London are now at around $1,285 per ounce, down by around a third from their peak in 2011. But Russia's rouble currency has also fallen, making foreign investments more attractive in an area dependent on gold for the bulk of local revenues and that is a challenging place to work.
There are no direct flights from Moscow to Ust-Nera, the main village of the Oymyakon district, located some 9,300 km east of Moscow and temperatures often fall below 50 Celsius.
In winter, motorists keep their engines running at all times so they don't seize up. Some people have heated garages. Locals call it "the Pole of Cold," and the district claims the title of the coldest continually-inhabited settlement in the northern hemisphere, although other places also claim it.
The area was home to Gulag labour camps in the former Soviet Union and prisoners were made to pan for gold from local rivers with their bare hands.
GOOD RETURNS
Alluvial gold as a proportion of national gold production has fallen to around 30 percent from 83 percent twenty years ago, according to the Russian Gold Industrialists' Union.
In Oymyakon it is also declining but still accounts for the bulk of 9 tonnes of gold the district produced in 2016 when Russia produced a total 297 tonnes.
GV Gold's new plant will start production in May. It is expected to produce up to 3 tonnes of gold a year, including gold-bearing concentrate. GV Gold has put in $113 million for the first stage of investment in the mine which will become the third of its type in the area.
"This would be the biggest gold mining and processing plant in the Oymyakon district," Alexander Tuluptsov, chief executive of the Tarynsky plant, told Reuters.
The EBRD has a 5.26 percent stake in GV Gold. An EBRD spokesperson directed questions about the investment to GV Gold. A spokesperson for Blackrock declined to comment.
GV Gold shelved a plan for an Initial Public Offering in 2007 and then 2009. In a statement this week it said: "The current international and political situation is not favourable for a successful ‘investment window', however the company is constantly monitoring public market opportunities."
Tuluptsov expects GV Gold to see a return on its investment within five to six years.
Yantar's Khangalas plant, located some 160 km from Ust-Nera village, will start operating in 2018. It should produce up to 1 tonne of gold a year, including concentrate, a Yantar official said.
The investment is being funded by proceeds from alluvial gold production but the official did not give a figure. Yantar's alluvial gold production was 2.3 tonnes in 2016, and this year it plans to produce around 1.8 tonnes.
Producers first offer the gold to the Russian central bank and some of the surplus is exported. Russia exported around 30 tonnes of gold last year, mainly to Europe, China and India, according to Russia's Gold Industrialists' Union.
RISING OUTPUT
Despite the larger outlay, ore mining has advantages over the seasonal alluvial mining.
"Hardrock mining is more stable and profitable and less dependent on weather and logistic issues than alluvial mining," said Mikhail Leskov, director for mining practice at American Appraisal Russia, a global valuation and corporate finance advisor.
Although still some way behind China's 453.9 tonnes and Australia's 298 tonnes of gold production last year, the new mines should help Russia meet forecasts by the Gold Industrialists' Union for an increase in output by 8 tonnes this year.
Other gold-ore mining projects are also coming on tap.
Amongst them, Russia's largest gold producer Polyus is expected to commission its large Natalka gold deposit in the east by the end of 2017. In the next three to four year it will also study Sukhoi Log, one of the world's largest untapped gold deposits.
(Additional reporting by Alexander Ershov and Elena Fabrichnaya; Writing by Katya Golubkova; Editing by Polina Devitt and Anna Willard)
The logo of BP is on display at a petrol station in Vironvay, France, August 2, 2016. REUTERS/Jacky Naegelen
LONDON BP (BP.L) and Iran's state-run oil company received a licence from the U.S. Treasury last year to operate their joint gas field in the North Sea following the lifting of Western sanctions on Tehran, BP said on Thursday.
Production at the Rhum field was suspended in 2010 when Europe imposed sanctions on Iran over its nuclear programme and only resumed four years later after Britain agreed to set up a temporary management scheme whereby all revenue due to Tehran would be held until sanctions were lifted.
Following the removal of European Union and United Nations sanctions on Iran in January 2016, the temporary management scheme ceased.
Iran regained control of its stake and on Sept. 29, 2016 BP obtained a licence from the U.S. Treasury, through its sanctions enforcement arm - the Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC), to continue operations at the field, BP said in its 2016 annual report.
BP, which was founded more than a century ago as the Anglo-Persian oil company, has multiple business operations in the United States and therefore needs an OFAC licence to avoid potential breaches of existing U.S. sanctions.
Last year BP created an executive committee to explore business in Iran, which would exclude its American chief executive Bob Dudley in a bid to avoid potential sanctions violations.
London-based BP recorded a net profit of $31.6 million (25 million pounds) in 2016 from its 50 percent stake in the field, which supplies around 4 percent of Britain's gas demand.
"BP currently intends to continue to hold its ownership stake in the Rhum joint arrangement and act as operator," it said in the annual report.
While international sanctions on Iran were removed more than a year ago, the United States has held separate measures in place and President Donald Trump's administration has promised a tough line.
BP did not specify for how long the Rhum field licence was valid.
Previous U.S. President Barack Obama tried to encourage non-U.S. companies and non-U.S. banks to increase trade with Iran, although Tehran said Washington did not do enough to ease its access to international financial markets and banks for vital capital after years of isolation.
(Reporting by Ron Bousso and Jonathan Saul; Editing by Toby Davis)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Both Jim and Bobby Henderson knew it wasn't going to be each coaching against each other for the first time and it showed. Monacan's Korey Bridy scored three touchdowns, including the game winner in overtime, as the Chiefs remain undefeated after a 22-15 win over the Rapids.
Monacan score first on their opening drive on a Bridy 29 yard touchdown run and with the two point conversion, the Chiefs led 8-0. James River would then score the next 15 points. A Graham Scholl four yard touchdown run followed by a Hasan Gibson one-yard run gave the Rapids their first lead of the game.
Bridy, who would their 50th career touchdown in the game, would score the game tying touchdown in the 3rd, a 35-yard run. Then in OT, scored the go ahead touchdown from 10 yards out. They would rush for 118 yards on 14 carries and had the game clinching pass breakup in the endzone.
NORTH Korea is flouting sanctions by exporting coal, iron, steel and other banned commodities, earning nearly $200 million (A$252 million) in revenue last year, a UN report has claimed.
A UN panel of experts also found evidence of military cooperation by North Korea to develop Syria's chemical weapons programs and to provide Myanmar with ballistic missiles.
North Korea “continued to export almost all the commodities prohibited in the resolutions, generating nearly $200 million in revenue between January and September 2017,” said the report by the experts seen by AFP.
Coal shipments were delivered to China, Malaysia, South Korea, Russia and Vietnam by ships using “a combination of multiple evasion techniques, routes and deceptive tactics,” said the report.
RELATED: Kim Jong-un's sinister Olympics Games motive
Camera Icon Kim Jong-Un is flouting sanctions to the tune of $252m a year the UN says. Picture: AFP, KCNA/AFP
The Security Council last year adopted a series of resolutions to tighten and expand exports bans aimed at cutting off revenue to North Korea's military programs.
The United States led the push for tough economic sanctions after North Korea's sixth nuclear test and a series of ballistic missile launches that raised fears that the US mainland could soon be within reach.
Seven ships have been barred from ports worldwide for violating UN sanctions with coal and petroleum transfers, but the experts said much more must be done to confront “these rampant illicit activities.”
The panel found that North Korea “is already flouting the most recent resolutions by exploiting global oil supply chains, complicit foreign nationals, offshore company registries, and the international banking system.”
Syria and Myanmar are continuing cooperation with North Korea's KOMID corporation, the country's main arms exporter, which is on a UN sanctions blacklist, the report said.
The panel uncovered more than 40 previously unreported shipments from North Korea between 2012 and 2017 to front companies for Syria's Scientific Studies Research Council, also known as CERS, a key institute for Syria's chemical program.
Camera Icon North Korea is supplying the Syrian regime with chemical weapons, according to the UN report. Picture: AFP
The investigations reveal “substantial new evidence” concerning Pyongyang's military cooperation with Damascus, including at least three visits by North Korean technicians to Syria in 2016.
A visit by a North Korean technical delegation in August 2016 involved the “transfer of special resistance valves and thermometers known for use in chemical weapons programs,” said the report.
A member-state that was not named told the panel that North Korean “technicians continue to operate at chemical weapons and missile facilities at Barzei, Adra and Hama” in Syria, said the report.
Camera Icon The revenue gained from skirting around the sanctions is funding North Korea's weapons program. Picture: AP
Syria however told the panel that there were no North Korean technicians in its territory and that the only experts it was hosting from the country were involved in sports.
A member-state, which was not named, also notified the panel that Myanmar had received “ballistic missile systems from (North Korea) in addition to a range of conventional weapons, including multiple rocket launches and surface-to air missiles”.
North Korean diplomats, in particular trade representatives, continue to provide logistical support for arms sales and help organize exchanges for military technicians, it said.
Camera Icon The US bombed Shayrat air base in Syria in response to a chemical weapons attack last year. Picture: Supplied, US Dept of Defense/AP
While sanctions have been significantly broadened, this “expansion of the regime is yet to be matched by the requisite political will” to implement the measures, the experts said.
The panel of experts said 2018 offered a “critical window of opportunity before a potential miscalculation with disastrous implications for international peace and security.”
TULSA, Okla. (AP) - An Oklahoma man charged with a hate crime in the fatal shooting of their Lebanese neighbor will not testify during their murder trial.
After prosecutors rested their case Thursday, 63-year-old Stanley Majors told the judge he's decided not to take the witness stand.
Majors is charged with first-degree murder and a hate crime in the 2016 death of 37-year-old Khalid Jabara in Tulsa.
They have pleaded not guilty. Defense attorneys say they had untreated schizophrenia and experienced a "psychotic episode" during the homicide, although he's been found competent for trial.
The defense called a jail psychiatrist who said Majors is treated with anti-psychotics and antidepressants.
Prosecutors say Majors shot Jabara after years of harassment because Jabara's family is Lebanese.
The trial is in recess until Monday.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
by MARILYNN MARCHIONE, The Associated Press
Tummy tucks really hurt. Doctors carve from hip to hip, slicing off skin, tightening muscles, tugging at innards. Patients often need strong painkillers for days or even weeks, but Mary Hernandez went home on just over-the-counter ibuprofen.
The reason may be the yellowish goo smeared on their 18-inch wound as they lay on the operating table. The Houston woman was helping test a novel medicine aimed at avoiding opioids, potent pain relievers fueling an epidemic of overuse and addiction.
Vicodin, OxyContin and similar drugs are widely used for bad backs, severe arthritis, damaged nerves and other woes. They work powerfully in brain areas that control pleasure and pain, but the body adapts to them quickly, so people need higher and higher doses to get relief.
This growing dependence on opioids has mushroomed into a national health crisis, ripping apart communities and straining police and health departments. Every day, an overdose of prescription opioids or heroin kills 91 people, and legions more are brought back from the brink of death. With some 2 million Americans hooked on these pills, evidence is growing that they're not as good a choice for treating chronic pain as once thought. Drug companies are working on alternatives, but have had little success. Twenty or so years ago, they invested heavily and “failed miserably,” said Dr. Nora Volkow, director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse. Pain is a pain to research. Some people bear more than others, and success can't be measured as objectively as it can be with medicines that shrink a tumor or clear an infection. Some new pain drugs that worked well were doomed by side effects Vioxx, for instance, helped arthritis but hurt hearts.
Some fresh approaches are giving hope: “Bespoke” drugs, as Volkow calls them. These target specific pathways and types of pain rather than acting broadly in the brain. One is Enbrel, which treats a key feature of rheumatoid arthritis and, in the process, eases pain. Drugs to prevent the need for opioids. One that Hernandez was helping test numbs a wound for a few days and curbs inflammation. If people don't have big pain after surgery, their nerves don't go on high alert and there's less chance of developing chronic pain that might require opioids. Funky new sources for medicines. In testing: Drugs from silk, hot chili peppers and the venom of snakes, snails and other critters. Novel uses for existing drugs. Some seizure and depression medicines, for example, can help some types of pain.
The biggest need, however, is for completely new medicines that can be used by lots of people for lots of problems. These also pose the most risk for companies and patients alike.
ONE DRUG'S BUMPY ROAD
In the early 2000s, a small biotech company had a big idea: blocking nerve growth factor, a protein made in response to pain. The company's drug, now called tanezumab (tah-NAZE-uh-mab), works on outlying nerves, helping to keep pain signals from muscles, skin and organs from reaching the spinal cord and brain good for treating arthritis and bad backs.
Pfizer Inc. bought the firm in 2006 and expanded testing. But in 2010, some people on tanezumab and similar drugs being tested by rivals needed joint replacements. Besides dulling pain, nerve growth factor may affect joint repair and regeneration, so a possible safety issue needed full investigation in a medicine that would be the first of its type ever sold, said one independent expert, Dr. Jianguo Cheng, a Cleveland Clinic pain specialist and science chief for the American Academy of Pain Medicine.
Regulators put some of the studies on hold. Suddenly, some people who had been doing well on tanezumab lost access to it. Phyllis Leis in Waterfall, a small town in south-central Pennsylvania, was one.
“I was so angry,” they said. “That was like a miracle drug. It really was. Unless you have arthritis in your knees and have trouble walking, you'll never understand how much relief and what a godsend it was.”
Them doctor, Alan Kivitz of Altoona Center for Clinical Research, has helped run hundreds of pain studies and consults for Pfizer and many other companies. “You rarely get people to feel that good” as many of them did on the nerve growth factor drugs, they said.
A drug with that much early promise is unusual, said Ken Verburg, who has led Pfizer's pain research for several decades.
“When you do see one, you fight hard to try to bring one to the market,” they said.
An independent review ultimately tied just a few serious joint problems to tanezumab and the suspension on testing was lifted in August 2012. But a new issue nervous system effects in some animal studies prompted a second hold later that year, and that wasn't lifted until 2015.
Now Eli Lilly & Co. has joined Pfizer in testing tanezumab in late-stage studies with 7,000 patients. Results are expected late next year about 17 years after the drug's conception.
AVOIDING PAIN TO AVOID DRUGS
What if a drug could keep people from needing long-term pain relief in the first place? Heron Therapeutics Inc. is testing a novel, long-acting version of two drugs the anesthetic bupivacaine and the anti-inflammatory meloxicam for notoriously painful operations like tummy tucks, bunion removal and hernia repair.
Company studies suggest it can numb wounds for about three days and cut patients' need for opioids by 30 to 50 percent.
There's a good chance of preventing brain responses that lead to chronic pain if patients can get through that “initially very rough period,” said Dr. Harold Minkowitz, a Houston anesthesiologist who consults for Heron and treated Hernandez in the tummy tuck study.
Hernandez was part of an experiment testing the drug versus a placebo and doesn't know whether they got the drug or a dummy medicine. But they hurt less than they expected to and never filled a prescription for pain pills.
“The goal would be to have half or more of patients not requiring an opiate after they go home,” said Heron's chief executive, Barry Quart. “You have far fewer opiates going out into society, far fewer opiates sitting in medicine cabinets that make their way to a high school.”
Studies so far are mid-stage too small to prove safety and effectiveness but Heron plans more aimed at winning approval.
ON THE HORIZON
Many companies have their eyes on sodium channel blockers, which affect how nerves talk to each other and thus might help various types of pain. Others are testing cell therapies for nerve pain. Stem cells can modulate immune responses and inflammation, and may “overcome a raft of problems,” said Cheng of the pain medicine academy.
Some companies, including Samumed, Centrexion Therapeutics and Flexion Therapeutics, are testing long-acting medicines to inject in knees to relieve arthritis pain. Samumed's aims to regenerate cartilage.
And then there's marijuana. A cannabis extract is sold as a mouth spray in Britain for nerve pain and other problems from multiple sclerosis. But cannabinoid research in the U.S. has been hampered by marijuana's legal status. A special license is needed and most researchers don't even try to obtain one, said Susan Ingram, a neurosurgery scientist at Oregon Health & Science University.
 They are studying cannabinoid receptors in the brain, looking at how pain affects one type but not another. Such work might someday lead to drugs that relieve pain but don't produce a high or addiction.
Selective activity has precedent: The drug buprenorphine partially binds to opioid receptors in the brain and has become “an extraordinarily successful medication” for treating addiction, said Volkow, of the national drug institute.
“It has shown pharmaceutical companies that if you come up with a good intervention, there is an opportunity to recover their costs,” they said.
Comments
comments
CORK FOOTBALL MANAGER Ronan McCarthy has named a starting team showing five changes from the Munster final to face Tyrone in their All-Ireland SFC qualifier on Saturday.
Last month, Kerry stormed to the provincial crown with a 3-18 to 2-4 win over the Rebels at Páirc Uí Chaoimh.
Tyrone meanwhile, secured their spot in the Round 4 clash — a repeat of the 2009 All-Ireland semi-final which saw Cork triumph — after beating Cavan at the weekend.
Mallow's James Loughrey and Ballincollig's Cian Kiely are the two new additions to the Cork defence, with Kiely making their senior championship debut.
Brian O'Driscoll comes into midfield alongside Ian Maguire, while Castlehaven duo Brian Hurley and Michael Hurley start in the full-forward line.
There's a senior championship debut for Cian Kiely. Source: Oisin Keniry/INPHO
Sam Ryan, Tomas Clancy, Aidan Walsh, Kevin O'Driscoll and John O'Rourke all make way.
Throw-in at O'Moore Park is 5pm on Saturday evening.
Cork
1. Mark White (Clonakilty)
2. James Loughrey (Mallow)
3. Jamie O' Sullivan (Bishopstown)
4. Kevin Crowley (MillStreet)
5. Kevin Flahive (Douglas)
6. Stephen Cronin (Nemo Rangers)
7. Cian Kiely (Ballincollig)
8. Ian Maguire (St. Finbarrs) – Captain
9. Brian O'Driscoll (Tadhg MacCarthaigh)
10. Sean White (Clonakilty)
11. Mark Collins (Castlehaven)
12. Ruairi Deane (Bantry Blues)
13. Luke Connolly (Nemo Rangers)
14. Brian Hurley (Castlehaven)
15. Michael Hurley (Castlehaven)
Subs
16. Anthony Casey ( Kiskeam)
17. Sam Ryan (St. Finbarrs)
18. Mathew Taylor (Mallow)
19. Tomas Clancy (Fermoy)
20. Aidan Walsh (Kanturk)
21. Killian O'Hanlon (Kilshannig)
22. Ronan O'Toole (Eire Og)
23. Kevin O'Driscoll (Tadhg MacCarthaigh)
24. John O Rourke ( Carbery Rangers)
25. Paul Kerrigan (Nemo Rangers)
26. Donnacha O' Connor (Ballydesmond)
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
BERLIN, April 15 The explosives used in the attack on the bus of soccer team Borussia Dortmund may have come from supplies belonging to the German armed forces, a newspaper cited a source involved in the investigation as saying on Saturday.
It is still unclear who carried out Tuesday's attack. German prosecutors have doubts about the authenticity of letters that suggested Islamist militants were behind it and Bild newspaper cited an investigator as saying right-wing extremists were probably responsible.
"The explosives in the pipe bombs, which were filled with metal pins, might have come from the stocks of the German armed forces but that's still being checked," newspaper Welt am Sonntag cited a source involved in the investigation as saying.
The source also said that specialist knowledge was required to use the military detonators, which are not easy to get.
A spokesperson for the federal public prosecutor's office declined to comment on the report.
The players' bus was heading to their stadium for a Champions League match against AS Monaco on Tuesday when three explosions occurred, injuring Spanish defender Marc Bartra and delaying the match by a day. Dortmund said on Twitter on Saturday Bartra had been released from hospital.
Welt am Sonntag said police thought further attacks were possible, citing a document sent to regional police headquarters as saying that soccer games, rock concerts and cultural events were particularly at risk.
It said regional police wanted to have a greater presence if necessary and use dogs trained to sniff out explosives.
Joachim Herrmann, interior minister of the state of Bavaria, told the same newspaper Bavaria planned to use more video surveillance, especially in crime hotspots and in public places - a controversial issue in Germany, where memories of the Nazi Gestapo and the Stasi security police still linger.
Joachim Thomas, chairperson of the association of German stadium operators, told Welt am Sonntag they believed full-body scanners would be used at entrances to stadiums in future.
Arnold Plickert, GdP police union's deputy chairperson, said police were overstretched already and did not have enough staff to keep watch over a team's hotel night after night so clubs would have to provide extra security staff if they wanted that.
Dortmund is due host Eintracht Frankfurt in the Bundesliga for a game at 1330 GMT on Saturday.
Bild cited Axel Hellmann, a member of Eintracht's executive board, as saying it had boosted security for the match. Dortmund police posted a picture on Twitter showing an armed officer outside the stadium, saying they had provided more security inside and out.
Bild said experts from the federal interior ministry and the interior ministries of Germany's states had discussed security for major events during a telephone conference on Wednesday and had decided checks at entrances to events should be boosted.
There was no immediate comment from the federal ministry.
(Reporting by Michelle Martin; Editing by Alison Williams)
April 3 Halozyme Therapeutics Inc:
* Halozyme's PEGPH20 increases immune response and effectiveness of immunotherapies in preclinical cancer models
* Halozyme -co and other researchers conducting further investigations to determine potential of combining pegph20 with adoptive t cell and other immunotherapies Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Global Cottonseed Oil Market: Overview
The rising use of cottonseed oil in food products and other industries is encouraging the growth of the global cottonseed oil market in the next few years. The enhancement of the distribution network by the key players is projected to accelerate the development of the overall market in the forecast period.
The research report on the global cottonseed oil market provides insights into the key aspects of the market that are estimated to influence the development in the coming few years. The research study throws light on the growth drivers, barriers, and limitations in the global market. Moreover, the key segmentation, product portfolio, key applications, and the competitive scenario of the global cottonseed oil have been provided in the scope of the research study.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cottonseed-oil-market.html
Global Cottonseed Oil Market: Drivers and Restraints
The global cottonseed oil market is expected to grow significantly in the next few years, thanks to the rising demand for cottonseed oil across diverse industries. The increasing awareness among consumers regarding the benefits of cottonseed oil is estimated to accelerate the growth of the overall market in the forecast period. In addition, the low price of cottonseed oil for cooking purposes is predicted to encourage the development of the market in the near future.
As per these factors, the global cottonseed oil market is expected to register a progressive growth rate in the next few years. Some of the prominent end use industries of global cottonseed oil market are food processing, retail, cosmetics, and other industries. The expansion of the application base is projected to generate promising and lucrative opportunities for leading players operating in the cottonseed oil market across the globe.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20657
Global Cottonseed Oil Market: Region-wise Outlook
From a geographical perspective, the North America market for cottonseed oil is anticipated to witness a healthy growth in the near future. The rising contribution from the U.S. is one of the key factors predicted to encourage the growth of this region in the coming years. In addition, the growing demand from several industries is estimated to accelerate the growth of the market in the next few years.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Building the hundreds of hydroelectric dams proposed for the Amazon River Basin will cause massive environmental damage all the way from the eastern slopes of the Andes to the Atlantic Ocean, according to new findings by an international team of researchers that includes a University of Arizona hydrologist.
The Amazon River and its watershed--the the largest river system on Earth--cover 6.1 million square kilometers (2.4 million square miles) and includes nine countries.
"The Amazon is the most important river basin on the planet. It's a microcosm of our issues of today involving environment, energy and health of the planet," said co-author Victor Baker, University of Arizona Regents' Professor of Hydrology and Atmospheric Sciences.
The 428 current and proposed dams will have environmental impacts throughout the entire system, the team reports in the June 15 issue of the journal Nature. About one-third of the 428 dams are built or are under construction.
While these hydroelectric dams have been justified for providing renewable energy and avoiding carbon emissions, little attention has been paid to the major disturbances dams present to the Amazon floodplains, rainforests, the northeast coast of South America and the regional climate, the researchers write.
Generally, only the local environmental impact of a dam is considered, not the regional or system-wide effect.
"The river and its individual pieces cannot be separated out," Baker said. "That an individual dam assessment can be separated from the rest of the system isn't scientifically valid."
The research team conducted a large-scale assessment of how the current and future dams will affect the entire Amazon Basin. The researchers developed a Dam Environmental Vulnerability Index to quantify their assessment. The DEVI ranges from one to 100, with 100 being the most vulnerable.
The DEVI incorporates overall changes to the river systems from dams, including the potential land use changes, erosion, runoff, changes in sediment deposition, the effects on the region's rich biodiversity and impacts to the regional food supply.
The researchers found the watershed of the Madeira River, the largest Amazon tributary, will sustain the greatest negative impacts from the current and future dams. The team assigned that region a DEVI above 80.
Lead author Edgardo Latrubesse, a geography and the environment professor at the University of Texas at Austin, said, "The impacts can be not only regional, but also on an interhemispheric scale. If all the planned dams in the basin are constructed, their cumulative effect will trigger a change in sediment flowing into the Atlantic Ocean that may hinder the regional climate."
The paper by Latrubesse, Baker and their 14 colleagues is titled, "Damming the Rivers of the Amazon Basin." A complete list of authors and their affiliations is at the bottom of this news release.
The National Science Foundation, NASA, the National Geographic Society, LLILAS-Mellon, the Brazilian Council for Scientific and Technological Development-CNPq and CAPES Foundation funded the research.
Rivers in the Amazon Basin move like a dance, exchanging sediments across continental distances to deliver nutrients to a mosaic of wetlands, Latrubesse said.
Sediment transported by rivers provides nutrients that sustain wildlife, contribute to the regional food supplies and modulate river dynamics that result in high habitat and biotic diversity for both aquatic and nonaquatic organisms.
Many current and proposed dams are located far upstream in the Andean region. Research indicates the Andes provide more than 90 percent of the sediment to the entire Amazon Basin. Dams trap the nutrient-rich sediment and prevent it from moving downstream.
The Madeira River is home to the most diverse fish population in the Amazon. Since the huge Santo Antônio and Jiaru dams were constructed on the Madeira, the river's average sediment concentration decreased by 20 percent. Researchers expect the 25 dams planned for further upstream will trap additional nutrient-rich sediment behind them.
The largest preserved mangrove region of South America is along the coastline of northeast Brazil and the three Guianas and needs sediment from the Amazon, Latrubesse said.
Baker added that the cumulative impacts from the dams affect rainfall and storm patterns from the Amazon Basin to the Gulf of Mexico. In addition to changes in sediment flow, those impacts include the storage of water behind the dams, the water flows and the timing of flows to the mouth of the river.
The study's authors conclude, "Citizens of the Amazon Basin countries will ultimately have to decide whether hydropower generation is worth the price of causing profound damage to the most diverse and productive river system in the world. If those decisions are made within the context of a comprehensive understanding of the fluvial system as a whole, the many benefits the rivers provide to humans and the environment could be retained."
###
Researcher contact:
Victor Baker
University of Arizona
baker@email.arizona.edu
Media contact:
Mari N. Jensen
University of Arizona
+1-520-626-9635
mnjensen@email.arizona.edu
Rachel Griess
University of Texas at Austin
+1-512-471-2689
rachelgriess@austin.utexas.edu
The authors of the paper, "Damming the rivers of the Amazon Basin," are:
Edgardo M. Latrubesse of the University of Texas at Austin and Nanyang Technological University, Singapore; Eugenio Y. Arima of the University of Texas at Austin; Thomas Dunne of the University of California at Santa Barbara; Edward Park of the University of Texas at Austin; Victor R. Baker of the University of Arizona, Tucson; Fernando M. d'Horta of the National Institute of Amazonian Research (INPA), Manaus, Brazil; Charles Wight of the University of Texas at Austin; Florian Wittmann of the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Rastatt, Germany and Duke University, Durham, North Carolina; Jansen Zuanon of the National Institute of Amazonian Research (INPA), Manaus, Brazil; Paul A. Baker of Duke University, Durham, North Carolina and Yachay Tech, Urcuquí, Ecuador; Camila C. Ribas of the National Institute of Amazonian Research (INPA), Manaus, Brazil; Richard B. Norgaard of the University of California at Berkeley; Naziano Filizola of the Federal University of Amazonas, Manaus, Brazil; Atif Ansar and Bent Flyvbjerg of the University of Oxford, UK; and Jose C. Stevaux of the State University of São Paulo (UNESP-Rio Claro), Rio Claro, Brazil.
ABC's Once Upon a Time christened its new Friday time slot with a rather new chapter in the lives of the Evil Queen, Rumplestiltskin, Captain Hook and Henry Mills. Will you keep turning the pages on Season 7's reboot sequel/“requel”? Once Upon a Time Season 7: Everything We Know Launch Gallery
IN SEATTLE…. | Rewinding just a bit from where the finale left off, we see that grown-up Henry is a frustrated writer. (Seems they got credit for the Once Upon a Time tome that Lucy lugs around, but hasn't succeeded with a follow-up — a fact that they are reminded of when the lass comes knocking at their door claiming to be their daughter.) After sending the tale-spinning rugrat away, Henry later comes home to find their Geronimo Jackson laptop gone, replaced by a note directing them to Roni's bar.
There, Henry meets the proprietor who is of course Regina — but Henry doesn't recognize them nor vice versa. (All this Henry knows is that their folks died in a fire.) After bonding a bit with the bar owner over their odd encounter with a strange girl (“Imagine if I walked in here and said that I was your son?”), Lucy's mother Jacinda shows up full of apologies — and leaving Henry visibly smitten.
Roni's story meanwhile is this: it's “half-price day” at the bar because at midnight it turns into, no, not a pumpkin, but the property of Jacinda's stepmother Victoria Belfry, a cold-hearted real estate developer who has been gentrifying the charming Hyperion Heights nabe.
After bidding Jacinda and Roni adieu, Henry realizes their car has been stolen, and their investigation into it introduces them to Officer Rogers (aka Captain Hook), a real “Eagle Scout” with the Seattle PD. Meanwhile, Jacinda (who rooms with Sabina aka Princess Tiana) discovers that Lucy has gone missing, so Veronica tasks their stepdaughter's new friend Henry with offering intel. Henry brings Victoria and the cops to the ferry landing that leads to an island that Jacinda and Lucy dream of calling home one day. Victoria's dutiful minion of a daughter Ivy turns Lucy's storybook over to Officer Rogers to dispose of — and, leafing through it, they can't but be drawn to the illustration of who we know to be Emma. Back at the cop shop, Rogers learns they have made detective and promptly meets their new partner,Weaver (aka Rumplesiltskin).
The Seattle side of the episode closes with Victoria arriving at Roni's at midnight only to find the owner inspired by the days' events to not roll over but safeguard their small part of Hyperion Heights — and Victoria is not happy. Henry meanwhile goes to place flowers at their parents' grave… only to discover the cemetery they believe them to be buried at never existed!
MEANWHILE IN FLASHBACKS…. | We briefly start back in Storybrooke, where high school grad Henry is saying good-bye to Regina to go find their own story. After they ride their motorcycle into a portal, we pick up years later Enchanted hog crashes into (a new) Cinderella's carriage. After the plucky princess KOs Henry and steals their bike, they wake up the prisoner of Alice (from Wonderland but other places too!). They warn Henry on behalf of Rumple that this is not their story, so they should leave Cinderella behind and move on. Henry, though, tracks Cinderella to a ball where they plan to drive a dagger into the prince who destroyed their “simple family.” Ultimately, they don't have the heart go through with it — but stepmother Lady Tremaine (aka Victoria Belfry) finishes the “chore “ for their forever-disappointing stepdaughter. In doing so, they put favored daughter Drizella in line to wed the prince's younger brother — while framing Cinderella for the assassination. Henry helps Cinderella flee the guards and urges them to meet them at the portal before it vanishes at midnight. But they are a no-show.
What did you think of Once Upon a Time‘s Season 7 start? Who do you think is behind this new curse? And which new characters popped for you?
The 2017-18 Thunder schedule released in full on Monday. Oklahoma City hosts Kristaps Porzingis and the New York Knicks in the season opener on Oct. 19; that game will be nationally televised on TNT.
New teammates Russell Westbrook and Paul George get their first crack at the defending champion Golden State Warriors on Nov. 22 in Chesapeake Energy Arena. George and the Thunder go back to Indiana on Dec. 13.
Oklahoma City will be hooping for the holidays with four home dates from Christmas to New Year's Eve. The Thunder hosts the Rockets on Christmas, the Mavericks on New Year's Eve and the Raptors and Bucks in-between.
Billy Donovan's team is at home against LeBron James and the Cavs on Feb. 13 and then goes directly to Memphis for a Valentine's Day contest before the All-Star Break. The Thunder's season resumes in Sacramento on Feb. 22.
They'll face the Spurs (away, Mar 29), Warriors (home, Apr 3) and Rockets (away, Apr 7) over the final seven games.
Check out the full schedule here.
A well preserved, nearly complete skeleton of a new extinct species of pheasant that lived between seven and 11 million years ago adjacent to the northeastern edge of the Tibetan Plateau in China preserves the oldest evidence of a bird having modified and specialized its vocalization sounds (songs or calls).
Everyone is familiar with birds singing and making a variety of sounds, such as roosters crowing at dawn. However, little direct evidence exists for how extinct birds sounded, but this new skeleton from China begins to change that story. The Chinese fossil named Panraogallus hezhengensis preserves a windpipe (trachea) that is extremely long (longer than the bird's body), and it was coiled into several loops outside of the chest cavity (see photo of the fossil and an artist's reconstruction of the whole skeleton with the windpipe).
While the windpipe itself does not produce sounds, birds with a very long windpipe make sounds that are louder and lower in frequency than birds of a similar size with a typical length windpipe. This kind of windpipe elongation is known in about 60 species of birds today including cranes, ibises, and even some Birds of Paradise in New Guinea. However, Panraogallus is the oldest record of its occurrence in birds, and the first record of a super long windpipe in pheasants, a group of birds that is very diverse in China and across Asia today.
It appears that birds evolve these hyper-elongated windpipes in order to sound like a larger-sized bird (who make relatively louder and lower frequency sounds). This change is similar to the evolution of a long windpipe in various mammals for much the same reasons (recently covered in the press). See a recent publication in Nature Communications about the mammalian equivalent.
"This bird's windpipe is special because it coiled around at least twice outside of the chest, and it looks like it might have even looped back towards the leg before returning back up to enter the chest cavity and attach to the lungs," said Chinese paleontologist LI Zhiheng, lead author of the study published in Scientific Reports.
"The discovery of this super long trachea in a pheasant, which don't have long windpipes today, suggests that the story of the evolution of bird song is much more complex than what we think now based only on living species," said coauthor Thomas Stidham, an American paleontologist based at the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing. "The fossil also shows the struggle to sound like the best, biggest, or baddest bird has been going on for millions of years."
The species name of this extinct bird Panraogallus hezhengensis means coiled chicken in reference to the coiled windpipe and its close affinity to living pheasants; and Hezheng, the town in Gansu Province, Western China where the fossil was found. The elevation of Hezheng today is over 2000 meters (more than 6000 feet), and it is adjacent to the high altitude Tibetan Plateau. This bird fossil was found in the yellow and reddish clay that is famous for the many three-toed horse or Hipparion fossils. Based on estimates from the skeleton, the pheasant weighed about 2.5 kilograms or 5.5 pounds, which is close to the average body size of living birds that have elongated windpipes. It appears that this long windpipe may have been present only in males of this extinct species, as in some living bird relatives, and the fossil preserves the bony base where a spur would have attached on the foot like that in chickens and turkeys, suggesting that the fossil bird is a male.
The ancient Hezheng landscape with the tall Tibetan mountains in the background filled with extinct rhinoceroses, three-toed horses, and ostriches, also had the loud call of a male pheasant echoing across the savannah.
Over the last few years, work by LI Zhiheng in the Hezheng fossil deposits has produced other spectacular skeletons including those of an extinct vulture, and an early falcon, that even preserves its last meal of rodents. As of yet, none of those other fossils provide the same clue as to how they sounded in life.
###
The authors of the published study are LI Zhiheng, Thomas Stidham, DENG Tao, and ZHOU Zhonghe of the Institute of Vertebrate Paleontology and Paleoanthropology (IVPP) of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing, Julia Clarke of the Jackson School of Geosciences at the University of Texas, and Chad Eliason of the Field Museum of Natural History.
The research was supported in part by the Chinese Academy of Sciences, the National Natural Science Foundation of China, and the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation
The Indian Space Research Organization has claimed to have detected three types of bacteria which are so far not identified on earth. The experiment, conducted with the help of a high-altitude balloon, could go a long way in proving the existence of life beyond earth, says astrophysicist Jayant V. Narlikar.
New Delhi (Sputnik) — Delivering a speech on the occasion of Space Physics Laboratory Day on Monday on the topic "Searches for life outside the earth," noted astrophysicist Jayant V. Narlikar said that "extraterrestrial life is possible."
Speaking to an elite group of scientists and researchers in Thiruvananthapuram in southern India, Narlikar said three types of bacteria have been detected through experiments conducted by the ISRO that are so far not identified on earth.
Narlikar said that one of these bacteria, Bacillus Isronensis, has been named after the ISRO. These organisms were detected by the ISRO using high altitude balloons.
"Detection of extraterrestrial bacteria highlights the possibility of life beyond earth and it is good news for humanity. With these findings, Indian study in the field of extraterrestrial investigations can be said to have reached a competitive stage in the global arena. There is a dedicated group in India that is working towards the targets of extraterrestrial studies, we are hopeful of more results in the future," Professor R. K. Chaudhury of the Indian Institute of Astrophysics told Sputnik.
READ MORE: PHOTOS of Alleged Bio-Traces on Mars and Moon Questioned by Redditters
"Extraterrestrial life could exist because the basic building blocks of life might be present in some of the celestial bodies in other galaxies. With modern technological advancement, we will be able to provide conclusive evidence for the presence of life outside the confines of the earth in the near future", Professor Narlikar said.
Professor Narlikar is known for their work in cosmology, especially in championing alternative models to the popular Big Bang model.  They are a former president of the Cosmology Commission of the International Astronomical Union.
(The story on Shell's SPDC shutting down NCTL to remove oil theft points has been withdrawn as the news was old. The original press release was issued on April 17, 2013. There will be no substitute story.) STORY_NUMBER: L3N1H84F9 STORY_DATE: 31/03/2017 STORY_TIME: 1254 GMT
The Canadian Press
HALIFAX -- The National Inquiry into Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women and Girls is making "community visits" in Nova Scotia this week, as it seeks to put a crisis of confidence behind it.
The inquiry's director of health, Terrellyn Fearn, said officials begin three days in Halifax on Tuesday, before moving on to Membertou and Millbrook First Nations.
"We've talked to family and survivors on what kind of process they would like, and this is the process they felt most comfortable with, and that's what we implemented," they said Monday.
The visits are being held to prepare for nine community hearings starting this fall across the country, Fearn said.
For weeks, the commission has faced questions from concerned family members who say they have lost faith in the process, which is expected to take at least two years and cost $53.8 million.
In an open letter released last week, some family members called on the commission to start over from scratch, citing the resignation last month of one of the commissioners, Marilyn Poitras.
Some Aboriginal leaders have argued the inquiry has not put families first, and fails to respect their voices.
Fearn said Monday the inquiry is attempting to address concerns through these meetings.
"It's through these community visits that we'll actually be able to meet families and survivors in person, answer their questions and start to build a relationship with them so they'll feel comfortable enough to engage in the process," said Fearn, themselves a member of the Glooscap First Nation in Nova Scotia's Annapolis Valley.
Journalists have been asked to stay away from the sessions, which are being held at undisclosed locations. Inquiry officials are meeting with families and survivors who want to register with the inquiry, or have questions.
They said the inquiry has seen major growth in participation in the last month, and now has almost 500 registrants.
"Our shift in this new direction is illustrated by the vast numbers of increasing participants," they said.
Families and survivors can speak to the inquiry's health support staff to discuss their options and possibly begin telling their stories ahead of the hearing, they said. Legal counsel will also be available if participants wish.
"I know there have been some concerns around the legalistic process of the hearings; this part of the community visit and our intake process is really focused around the family and the survivor. And they're really the one in the lead."
Assembly of First Nations Chief Perry Bellegarde has acknowledged that First Nations leaders are divided on what to do about the troubled inquiry. Bellegarde is steering a middle course, saying the commission needs to focus all its energy on ensuring the stories of families are front and centre, adding it is critical it improves communications.
Last month, commissioner Michele Audette told the AFN that there was a lack of communication at the beginning of the inquiry process, in part because the commissioners were told not to speak or go to events. But they said they "were too silent," which was a mistake.
They told reporters the inquiry has "been in crisis mode for quite a few weeks now."
Fearn said their own family has experience with the issues being explored by the inquiry, and they have a responsibility to them.
"I know there are a lot of good constructive criticisms out there ... there are also a lot of good things that are happening, and there's a lot of support from families and survivors," they said.
"By the very nature of the work, within Canadian society we are going to be pulling up the roots, shaking the roots of the marginalization of Indigenous women. And whenever you pull up those roots from the ground, it unsettles the earth. And I think a lot of what we may be seeing now is some of that unsettling."
Sleep aids linked to the deaths of 12 babies have been pulled from Tesco shelves.
eBay has also withdrawn the items from sale, but other British supermarkets and high street retailers as well online firms are still selling the baby sleep positioners.
Tesco and eBay say they have stopped selling the baby sleep positioners, which have been linked to 12 deaths in the US, with Mothercare reportedly following suit.
The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) had previously advised parents not to use the products, and renewed its advice this week, re-emphasising its warning that the pillows can cause newborns to suffocate.
The sleep positioners, also called "nests" or "anti-roll" cushions, are supposed to help babies to get to sleep, but instead there are fears that they could cut off a baby's oxygen.
According to the FDA, the deaths occurred when babies rolled from their sides onto their fronts before they stopped breathing.
The Lullaby Trust (www.lullabytrust.org.uk), a cot death charity which advises the NHS, offers an advice sheet which states: "There is no need to use any type of equipment or rolled up blankets to keep your baby in one position unless you have been advised by a health professional for a specific medical condition.
"It is much safer for your baby to be in their cot with just the sheets or blankets, and no extras which could be pulled over their face or cause an accident.”
From April 9 to May 7 CIVITAS — UW Tacoma's Urban Studies student organization — is conducting a plastic bag drive for their Bags to Mats pro­gram. The gathered bags will be trans­formed by the club and fellow students into sleeping mats for Tacoma's home­less population.
Plastic bag collection boxes can be found on the first and second floors of the Pinkerton building.
May 7 from 11 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. in the UWY room 304, the club will be creating “plarn” — plastic yarn — with the collected bags.
Tacoma Arts and Crafts Group will be helping students crochet sleeping mats in a separate event May 12 from 10 a.m. to noon and the completed mats will be donated to Nativity House — a homeless shelter and resource center in Tacoma — June 8.
CIVITAS President Emily Case­beer explained that the Urban Studies club is concerned about homelessness in Tacoma.
“CIVITAS' mission is to learn about urban issues and positively impact Ta­coma,” Casebeer said. “The lack of af­fordable housing and inadequate men­tal health care along with other urban issues have led many people into the vulnerable position of being homeless.”
The idea to turn plastic bags into something potentially lifesaving was not original to CIVITAS. One recent example is a group of students and athletes at the University of Utah who crocheted sleeping mats from plarn to distribute at local homeless shelters — with numerous other examples across the nation.
“Our Vice President, Katie Whaley, in the past had heard of a community group collecting plastic bags and cro­cheting them into sleeping mats for the homeless,” Casebeer said.
“So CIVITAS decided to do Bags to Mats for the homeless as a way to help people experiencing homelessness.”
The Bags to Mats program — which finds a reuse for a product difficult to recycle — is also in timing for Earth Day 2018, which was April 22.
Casebeer noted that CIVITAS' re­cent Urban Excursion trip to New Or­leans taught the group that the best way to make effective change is to assist an already well-established organization.
“These mats will be donated to the Nativity House to be redistributed as sleeping mats to the homeless that can­not get a bed for the night,” Casebeer said. “These sleeping mats are more hygienic, water proof, easily transport­able, and provide protection from the cold concrete.”
CIVITAS welcomes all students in­terested in Urban Studies and commu­nity service — meetings are held Mon­days in Pinkerton 104 at 12:30 p.m.
Like this: Like Loading...
CARLTON has parted with inaugural AFLW coach Damien Keeping after a second underwhelming season.
The Blues finished bottom this season, losing its last five games, after a bright start and aggressive recruiting.
TRIBUNAL: GUTTED BRENNAN OUT OF GRAND FINAL
It's campaign came unstuck when captain and best player Bri Davey suffered a season-ending knee injury.
Keeping suffered ill health during the season and missed two games as they were treated in hospital.
Camera Icon Carlton's inaugural AFLW coach Damien Keeping. Picture: Getty Images
 They are the first of the Victorian foundation AFLW coaches to move on.
Carlton said as part of its ongoing review of the women's program Keeping “ acknowledged the time was right to step aside from coaching duties.”
“Damien has clearly played a significant role in the establishment of our AFLW program and its foundation, based on values and a strong culture and we are thankful for their clear investment and passion for the playing group and the program more broadly,” Carlton football boss Andrew McKay said.
“Damien has decided the time is right to explore opportunities elsewhere and we wish them and their family well for their future.”
THE changing face of the eastern end of the Perth CBD has been captured on a 22m-high wall.
Renowned street artist Rone has painted a women's face on a wall within Hibernian Place — a new commercial precinct on Hay Street that will be anchored by the soon-to-be opened Westin Hotel.
Geelong-born Rone is internationally renowned for their larger-than-life female muse paintings, often on a raw concrete canvas. They have painted throughout the US, Europe and Asia.
“I am very happy with the end result,” Rone, 37, said. “The challenge for me as an artist is to create something beautiful from a raw, unfinished surface. I hope that's what I achieved.”
Rone, who finished their mural on Wednesday, used paint that they hoped would resist the Perth sun and ensure the painting did not fade any time soon.
BGC Development general manager Ross Catalano said the mural would set the tone for Hibernian Place as a venue to experience a mix of Perth's best cafes and restaurants and enjoy world-class hospitality.
To be launched in April, Hibernian Place will host a range of bars, cafes and restaurants, including a coffee roastery by Mary Street Bakery, Huxtaburger from Melbourne and a rooftop bar by entrepreneur Andy Freeman.
Uber's Perth headquarters will be its major commercial tenant.
“Its important to us that Hibernian Place leaves an enduring impression on every one who visits, which is why we've so carefully curated the right elements to create a vibrant, welcoming and active destination,” Mr Catalano said.
“Visitors will instantly feel the unique sense of place and vibrancy that the design, mix of hospitality operators and collaborators — like Rone — have created.”
The 368-room, five-star Westin Hotel at 480 Hay Street is one of several new Perth hotels scheduled to open this year.
Built on the former FESA House site, its construction was the result of State Government incentives that were deemed necessary to ensure more hotel rooms were created to meet an acute shortage of tourist accommodation in 2012.
But since then, more than 1800 hotel rooms have been built, with another 1500 rooms expected by 2020, including Ritz-Carlton at Elizabeth Quay and Hilton hotels in Perth and Fremantle.
Staff follow streamlined process to ensure safety of all Red Deerians is a priority
The City has an inter-departmental collaborative approach in place to address makeshift camps in Red Deer's parks and other green spaces, which aims to address the safety of everyone in our community through clean up and connecting individuals with appropriate support services.
Many City departments are involved in the approach, including Social Planning, Municipal Policing and Recreation, Parks and Culture. Once notified of a camp, City staff follow a streamlined process to ensure the safety of all Red Deerians is a priority, debris is cleaned up and sites are restored for all to enjoy.
This collaborative approach includes addressing rough sleeper encampments on public land by:
Supporting individuals experiencing homelessness encountered on public land and providing support services towards safe housing.
Decreasing the number of encampments and cleaning up debris left behind.
Increasing the enjoyment and safety of our City's trails and parks.
The process to manage rough sleepers follows these steps:
1. Citizens contact the RCMP/ Bylaw Complaint Line to report the camp.
2. A Municipal Enforcement Officer is dispatched to the reported camp site, which is often vacant.
3. If occupants are present, the camp location is recorded and provided to a Social Support Services
and Housing outreach team.
4. The outreach team responds to these requests and provides referrals to services including housing.
5. Once this work is complete, the Issuing Officer posts a 24-hour eviction notice.
6. Municipal Enforcement then communicates to the Recreation, Parks and Culture department, whose
staff are scheduled to complete weekly camp cleanups.
This approach and process endeavors to prevent the displacement and reoccupation of rough sleepers within the park system by attempting to get people housed.
Encampment locations are in constant transition. Public who are aware of encampments can report them to the non-emergency RCMP complaint line at 403-343-5575.
-Submitted by the City of Red Deer
CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — The same jury that last month unanimously found Dylann Roof guilty in the slayings of nine black parishioners at a South Carolina church is returning to court to begin contemplating their punishment.
With the 22-year-old representing himself, the process is sure to be unconventional. But even if Roof is sentenced to death, it's highly unlikely he'd be executed anytime soon.
While prosecutors plan to call up to 38 people related to the nine people killed and three who survived the June 2015 slaughter during Bible study at Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, Roof said last week they plan on calling no witnesses and presenting no evidence.
Roof was found guilty last month on 33 federal charges, including hate crimes and obstruction of the practice of religion. A jury took less than three hours to return its verdict, and a judge dismissed the jury for a break over the holidays.
Typically in what's known as the sentencing phase, defense attorneys call relatives and other witnesses to testify about their client's unsteady state of mind before and during the crimes. Given that background, the defense hopes, a jury might be more likely to spare the defendant's life and opt against the death penalty.
But Roof, who is acting as their own attorney, has said they plan to do no such thing.
In their journal, which was read in court during their trial, Roof said their doesn't believe in psychology, which they called “a Jewish invention” that “does nothing but invent diseases and tell people they have problems when they don't.”
Roof also seems to be determined to try to keep evidence embarrassing to them or their family out. Not only did they take over their own defense, but they asked the judge at a hearing Wednesday if they could file a motion limiting what prosecutors can introduce.
Roof also was adamant that a transcript of a hearing where they were found mentally competent not be released to the public.
“I know this is not a legal argument, but the unsealing of the competency hearing defeats the purpose of me representing myself,” Roof said at last week's hearing.
Neither Roof, nor U.S. District Judge Richard Gergel nor prosecutors have given specifics on the evidence Roof is objecting to.
On Thursday, Gergel ordered another competency evaluation of Roof “in an abundance of caution,” after their standby counsel filed a sealed motion again questioning Roof's mental ability to proceed. The judge's order specified they saw no reason to delay Tuesday's start of the penalty phase.
Roof's lawyers tried repeatedly both to stop them from being their own lawyer and to work mental health-related evidence into the first phase of their trial, saying they feared Roof fired them because they feared the attorneys would present evidence that would embarrass them when trying to save their lives.
Prosecutors objected at every turn, and Gergel wouldn't allow any of it into court, ruling mitigation evidence is allowable during sentencing and not before.
Court papers show prosecutors are expected to present evidence showing that Roof picked their victims because of their race, killed them to incite more violence, showed no remorse and killed three particularly vulnerable people who were 70 years old or older.
Evidence speaking to Roof's mental state, one expert argues, could make the difference between life and death.
“The Dylann Roof case is a classic example of the type of problem you can have when an obviously mentally ill or emotionally disturbed defendant is permitted to represent himself,” said Robert Dunham, executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center. “There's a huge difference in the eyes of a jury between someone they perceive as evil or despicable and someone they perceive as being seriously mentally ill. … If you take mental health out of it, you are putting a thumb on the scale of death.”
Both the judge's decision to allow Roof to represent themselves and waive the introduction of mental health evidence are sure to be raised in an inevitable appeal, Dunham argued.
Roof also faces nine murder charges in state court, where prosecutors have also said they will seek the death penalty in a trial likely to begin sometime next year.
Whether he's sentenced to death or not, it's unlikely Roof would be executed anytime soon, in either jurisdiction. The federal government hasn't executed anyone since 2003, and there are years of appeals between a death sentence being levied and carried out.
South Carolina's death chamber hasn't been used since 2011, due at least in part to a lack of availability for the drugs the state uses for lethal injection.
Scientists in Oregon and Washington are noticing a disruptive ocean phenomenon is becoming more frequent and extreme.
It involves a suffocating ribbon of low oxygen seawater over our continental shelf.
The technical term is hypoxia, sometimes called “dead zones.”
It's an unwelcome variation on normal upwelling of cold, nutrient rich water from the deep ocean.
When the dissolved oxygen drops too low, it drives away fish and can suffocate bottom dwellers such as crabs and sea worms who can't scurry away fast enough.
Marine ecologist Francis Chan said it seemed like this is happening most every summer lately, so the Oregon State University researcher looked back as far as coastal oxygen readings go — to about 1950 — to see if it's always been this way.
“The ocean starting in 2000 really looked different from the ocean we had between the 1950s and 1990s,” Chan said.
Chan said climate change could affect oxygen levels via disrupted circulation and ocean warming. A September storm flushed away this year's low oxygen zone by churning Northwest coastal waters.
But Chan described the severity of the low oxygen readings recorded this summer as among the worst ever observed locally.
“It's very much a patchy ribbon,” they said from their post in Newport, Oregon. Marine surveys and fixed instruments recorded notably low oxygen values from south of Yachats up past Newport.
Ten oceanographic moorings deployed by the Olympic Coast National Marine Sanctuary also found very low (hypoxic) oxygen values between Cape Elizabeth and Cape Flattery, Washington, this summer.
“This is not a happy year for organisms out on the coast,” said Jenny Waddell, the marine sanctuary's research coordinator.
Waddell added that at least one sensor dipped into anoxic conditions, “where there's literally no oxygen.”
“We had indications of a relatively persistent hypoxia event along the Quinault Reservation coastline,” wrote marine scientist Joe Schumacker of the Quinault Department of Fisheries in an email Friday. “Dead fish and shellfish at various locations and times beginning near the end of July and extending through most of August.”
More frequent and severe near-shore hypoxia concerns fishermen and crabbers.
Commercial harvesters face reduced catches and economic losses when crabs suffocate and fish and prawns flee the oxygen-starved waters.
One of the tip-offs to OSU researchers of the onset of low oxygen conditions this summer was when Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife biologists monitoring crab populations noticed crabs dying from lack of oxygen in a research trap. Other observers noted crabs leaving the ocean to seek more oxygenated waters in coastal estuaries and bays.
Earlier this year, researchers and fishery advocates found a receptive ear at the Oregon Legislature when they presented their concerns about silent changes in the ocean. Legislators approved the creation of a new council to be co-chaired by the state Fish and Wildlife director and an OSU leader.
The council is tasked with recommending and coordinating a long-term strategy to address hypoxia as well as ocean acidification.
Donations continue to roll in for flood victims
DPI/GINA, Wednesday, June 14, 2017
Donations continue to pour in to bring aid to flood the affected residents of Region Seven and Eight. The most recent donation came from the Indigenous Peoples' Commission (IPC), who contributed some 50 hampers.
The hampers were, today, handed over to the Civil Defense Commission (CDC), who will be allocating the items to their central locations in Region Seven and Eight for distribution.
During a simple handing over ceremony, Director General of the CDC Colonel (ret'd) Chabilall Ramsarup explained that the supplies are being deployed to those areas on a regular basis. They added that on Monday, June 19, a truck load of supplies will leave for Mahdia. Two flights loaded with supplies are also being organised for Kato and Kamarang.
Some of the supplies being distributed include clothing, washing and cleaning detergents, food and farming implements. Colonel Ramsarup said that CDC will also be providing construction tools including saws, hammers and nails, so that where there is need for repairs to a building, the tools will be available for the residents to engage in self-help.
On the issue of the flooding, Colonel Ramsarup said that only yesterday, Kurupung, Region Eight was underwater and some eight families had to be relocated to a nearby community. They noted that the water has been receding in the other areas, however, “because of the levels of the rivers, if there is any hard shower of rain, the water will rise automatically.”
Colonel Ramsarup expressed gratitude to all those who have been donating items, especially the IPC, to assist those persons who were severely affected by the recent floods.
Meanwhile, IPC's Chairperson, Doreen Jocabis said that the commission is pleased that they are able to assist those flood affected persons. “I am extremely happy on behalf of the IPC to hand over these items to the CDC who I know will ensure these hampers reach the villages to my brothers and sisters who have suffered great losses , I can only imagine but I can't say that I feel what they are going through at this time. I trust that our gift will bring cheers to their hearts, especially the young ones and the elderly,” Jacobin said.
To date, the Government has spent more than $8M on disaster response and relief activities as a result of flooding in the affected regions. This amount does not reflect donations, which have been made by private individuals and companies over the past weeks.
By: Synieka Thorne
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Celtics 1st-rounder on missing flight: 'It's all on me'
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Charles Krupa, AP Image 1 of / 10 Caption Close Image 1 of 10 Boston Celtics draft pick Robert Williams arrives for a news conference at the team's training facility in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Boston Celtics draft pick Robert Williams arrives for a news conference at the team's training facility in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Photo: Charles Krupa, AP Image 2 of 10 Boston Celtics general manager Danny Ainge, left, and Celtics draft pick Robert Williams arrive for a news conference at the team's training facility in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Boston Celtics general manager Danny Ainge, left, and Celtics draft pick Robert Williams arrive for a news conference at the team's training facility in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Photo: Charles Krupa, AP Image 3 of 10 Newly signed Boston Celtics guard Brad Wanamaker holds up their #9 jersey at the team's training facility in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Newly signed Boston Celtics guard Brad Wanamaker holds up their #9 jersey at the team's training facility in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Photo: Charles Krupa, AP Image 4 of 10 Boston Celtics NBA basketball team draft pick Robert Williams, left, and newly signed guard Brad Wanamaker work on stepping drills during a practice at the team's training facility in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. less Boston Celtics NBA basketball team draft pick Robert Williams, left, and newly signed guard Brad Wanamaker work on stepping drills during a practice at the team's training facility in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, ... more Photo: Charles Krupa, AP Image 5 of 10 Image 6 of 10 Newly signed Boston Celtics guard Brad Wanamaker smiles during a news conference at the team's training facility in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Newly signed Boston Celtics guard Brad Wanamaker smiles during a news conference at the team's training facility in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Photo: Charles Krupa, AP Image 7 of 10 Newly signed Boston Celtics guard Brad Wanamaker holds up their #9 jersey at the team's training facility in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Newly signed Boston Celtics guard Brad Wanamaker holds up their #9 jersey at the team's training facility in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Photo: Charles Krupa, AP Image 8 of 10 Boston Celtics draft pick Robert Williams listens to a reporter's question during a news conference at the team's training facility in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Boston Celtics draft pick Robert Williams listens to a reporter's question during a news conference at the team's training facility in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Photo: Charles Krupa, AP Image 9 of 10 Boston Celtics NBA basketball team draft pick Robert Williams smiles while lining up a shot at the team's training facility in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Boston Celtics NBA basketball team draft pick Robert Williams smiles while lining up a shot at the team's training facility in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Photo: Charles Krupa, AP Image 10 of 10 Celtics 1st-rounder on missing flight: 'It's all on me' 1 / 10 Back to Gallery
BOSTON (AP) — Boston Celtics first-round draft choice Robert Williams got a lecture from the team about accountability and said they are moving on from the bad first impression they made by missing a flight and failing to get back in time for summer league practice.
"It's all on me," Williams told reporters Tuesday, a day after they missed practice. "So we're going to push forward and move past that."
A potential lottery pick who dropped to the Celtics at No. 27 because of questions about their work ethic, the forward out of Texas A&M overslept for a conference call with reporters the morning after the draft, blaming the difference in time zones. They were in Boston last week for an introductory news conference, where they said they knew they would have to work hard to make it in the NBA.
Then they went home to Louisiana and missed their flight back.
Williams, 20, said they were upset with themselves for making a bad first impression.
"Missing my flight didn't help," they said. "I talked to Coach (Brad) Stevens when I got back and they obviously explained to me about the opportunity. There's not that many. So, definitely a real wakeup call."
Williams said they didn't expect any discipline, except for maybe some extra sprints.
"They discipline you with words, more than you may know," they said.
Also Tuesday, free agent Brad Wanamaker practiced with the team and was assigned the No. 9 that was last worn by Rajon Rondo.
___
More AP NBA: www.apnews.com/tags/NBAbasketball
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. — Buffalo Bills director of training operations Bud Carpenter is retiring after 33 seasons with the team.
Carpenter was among the team's longest serving active employees. They spent 21 seasons as the Bills' head athletic trainer before being promoted to the director's role in 2016.
Under Carpenter, the Bills were named as the NFL's 2014 athletic training staff of the year by the Pro Football Athletic Trainers Society and the Ed Block Courage Award Foundation.
Carpenter and their staff were also credited for acting swiftly in their treatment of tight end Kevin Everett after the player sustained a serious spinal cord injury while covering a kickoff during Buffalo's 2007 season opener against Denver.
WASHINGTON -- Using nanoscale grass-like structures, researchers at the University of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania have created glass that lets through a large amount of light while appearing hazy. This is the first time that glass has been made with such high levels of haze and light transmittance at the same time, a combination of properties that could help boost the performance of solar cells and LEDs.
The glass exhibits another remarkable quality: It can be switched from hazy to clear by applying water. This could make it useful for creating smart windows that change haze or opacity to control the privacy of a room or to block glare from sunlight.
"Switchable glass available today is quite expensive because it uses transparent conducting layers to apply a voltage across the entire glass," said Paul W. Leu of the University of Pittsburgh's Swanson School of Engineering, leader of the research team. "Our glass would be potentially less expensive to make because its opacity can be switched in a matter of seconds by simply applying or removing liquid."
In Optica, The Optical Society's journal for high impact research, the researchers describe their new nanograss-based glass, which achieves a record 95 percent light transmittance and a similarly high degree of haze at the same time. The researchers experimented with glass etched with nanograss structures from 0.8 to 8.5 microns in height with "blades" each measuring a few hundred nanometers in diameter.
The discovery of switchability was one of serendipity. "I was cleaning the new nanograss glass when I discovered that cleaning it with water made the glass become clear," said project lead, graduate student Sajad Haghanifar. While the discovery was incidental, it can be easily explained. "The water goes between the extremely hydrophilic nanostructures, making the nanograss glass act like a flat substrate. Because water has a very similar index of refraction to the glass, the light goes straight through it. When the water is removed, the light hits the scattering nanostructures, making the glass appear hazy."
Using nanograss to improve solar cells
Leu's group developed the new glass to improve the ability of solar cells to capture light and turn it into power. Nanostructure patterns can prevent light from reflecting off the solar cell's surface. These structures also scatter the light that enters the glass, helping more of the light reach the semiconductor material within the solar cell, where it is converted into power.
The new glass uses a unique pattern of nanostructures that looks much like grass. Because the structures are taller than previously-used nanostructures, they increase the likelihood that light will be scattered. Although glass with the nanostructures appears opaque, tests showed that most of the scattered light makes its way through the glass.
The fact that the glass is highly hazy and exhibits high transmittance could also make it useful for LEDs, which work in a way that is essentially the opposite of a solar cell, by using electricity that enters a semiconductor to produce light that is then emitted from the device. The new glass could potentially increase the amount of light that makes it from the semiconductor into the surroundings.
Finding the right 'grass' height
The researchers found that shorter nanograss improved the antireflection properties of the glass while longer nanograss tended to increase the haze. Glass with 4.5-micron-high nanograss showed a nice balance of 95.6 percent transmittance and 96.2 percent haze for light with a 550-nanometer wavelength (yellow light, a component of sunlight).
Although more work is needed to estimate the exact cost of manufacturing the new glass, the researchers predict that their glass will be inexpensive because it is easy to make. The nanostructures are etched into the glass using a process known as reactive ion etching, a scalable and straightforward method commonly used to make printed circuit boards.
To turn the glass into a smart window that switches from hazy to clear, it would require placing a piece of traditional glass over the nanograss glass. Pumps could be used to flow liquid into the space between the two glasses, and a fan or pump could be used to remove the water. The researchers also showed that in addition to water, applying acetone and toluene can also switch the glass from hazy to clear.
"We are now conducting durability tests on the new nanograss glass and are evaluating its self-cleaning properties," said Haghanifar. "Self-cleaning glass is very useful because it prevents the need for robotic or manual removal of dust and debris that would reduce the efficiency of solar panels, whether the panels are on your house or on a Mars rover."
###
Paper: S. Haghanifar, T. Gao, R. T. Rodriguez de Vecchis, B. Pafcheck, T. D. B. Jacobs, P. W. Leu, "Ultrahigh Transparency, Ultrahigh Haze Nanograss Glass with Fluid-Induced Switchable Haze," Optica, Volume 4, Issue 12, 1522-1525 (2017).
DOI: 10.1364/OPTICA.4.001522.
About Optica
Optica is an open-access, online-only journal dedicated to the rapid dissemination of high-impact peer-reviewed research across the entire spectrum of optics and photonics. Published monthly by The Optical Society (OSA), Optica provides a forum for pioneering research to be swiftly accessed by the international community, whether that research is theoretical or experimental, fundamental or applied. Optica maintains a distinguished editorial board of more than 50 associate editors from around the world and is overseen by Editor-in-Chief Alex Gaeta, Columbia University, USA. For more information, visit Optica.
About The Optical Society
Founded in 1916, The Optical Society (OSA) is the leading professional organization for scientists, engineers, students and business leaders who fuel discoveries, shape real-life applications and accelerate achievements in the science of light. Through world-renowned publications, meetings and membership initiatives, OSA provides quality research, inspired interactions and dedicated resources for its extensive global network of optics and photonics experts. For more information, visit osa.org.
Media Contacts:
Rebecca B. Andersen
The Optical Society
randersen@osa.org
202-416-1443
Joshua Miller
The Optical Society
jmiller@osa.org
202-416-1435
Aaron Baugh's eyes immediately zoned-in on one part of a flyer.
"My family is multicultural," says Baugh.
The flyer is advertising a house for rent, with the listed landlord "Mike" asking for white only tenants.
"That's not cool," says Baugh.
"Everybody is equal in all ways, I feel like," says Janice Bowman.
Mike told us they feel everybody is equal in all ways, too. That's right, Mike, the landlord listed on the flyer. They didn't want to talk to us on camera, but says he's been getting dozens of threatening phone calls and text messages from people furious over this racism.
A downtown Pittsburg business owner says they found the printed flyer on their door this morning. They say they took a picture of it, then shared it through Facebook.
The Frontenac Police Department issued a statement, saying investigations by them show Mike the landlord never asked for white only tenants.
Mike has hired an attorney to see if any legal options are available to him.
Other downtown Pittsburg business owners say they did not receive this flyer on their doors. Mike's attorney told us this evening that they are in the process of issuing a cease and desist to the business owner who says they found the flyer, referencing that business owner's post on Facebook. The attorney also told us they are exploring legal options available to Mike.
The downtown business owner who says they found this flyer did not want to be interviewed on camera.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - Two victims of an alleged poisoning incident in the Wiltshire area near the UK city of Salisbury remain in critical condition after suspected exposure to an unknown substance, Deputy Chief Constable Paul Mills of Wiltshire police said on Wednesday.
"The woman, aged 44, and the man, aged 45, who are both local to the Wiltshire area and are British nationals, are currently receiving treatment for suspected exposure to an unknown substance at Salisbury District Hospital. They remain in a critical condition. It was initially believed that the two patients fell ill after possibly using drugs from a contaminated batch. However, further testing is now ongoing to establish the substance which led to these patients becoming ill," Mills said in a statement.
At this stage, it is not yet clear if a crime has been committed, Mills noted.
READ MORE: Russia Warns UK Lack of Cooperation Hurts Spy Poisoning Probe
There is no significant health risk to the wider public as a result of the incident, Mills added, citing Public Health England experts.
No one else was receiving treatment, except for the two victims of the alleged poisoning, the deputy chief constable pointed out.
Earlier in the day, the police said there had been a major incident in the area involving the possible exposure of two people to an unknown substance after a man and woman were found unconscious on Saturday.
After criminal case, lawsuits loom in deadly warehouse fire
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-9', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 9', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: AP Image 1 of / 9 Caption Close Image 1 of 9 Files - This Dec. 3, 2016, file image from video provided by KGO-TV shows the Ghost Ship Warehouse after a fire swept through the building in Oakland, Calif. Derick Almena and Max Harris are expected to accept plea bargain prison sentences Tuesday, July 3, 2018, to resolve felony charges connected to the Northern California warehouse fire that killed three dozen partygoers at an unlicensed concert in 2016. (KGO-TV via AP, File) less FILE - This Dec. 3, 2016, file image from video provided by KGO-TV shows the Ghost Ship Warehouse after a fire swept through the building in Oakland, Calif. Derick Almena and Max Harris are expected to accept ... more Photo: AP Image 2 of 9 Files - This Monday, June 5, 2017, file photo provided by the Alameda County Sheriff's Office shows Derick Almena at Santa Rita Jail in Alameda County, Calif. Almena is one of two men expected to accept plea bargain prison sentences Tuesday, July 3, 2018, to resolve felony charges connected to a Northern California warehouse fire that killed three dozen partygoers at an unlicensed concert in 2016. (Alameda County Sheriff's Office via AP, File) less FILE - This Monday, June 5, 2017, file photo provided by the Alameda County Sheriff's Office shows Derick Almena at Santa Rita Jail in Alameda County, Calif. Almena is one of two men expected to accept plea ... more Photo: AP Image 3 of 9 Files - This June 8, 2017, file photo provided by the Alameda County Sheriff's Office shows Max Harris at the Santa Rita Jail in Dublin, Calif. Harris is one of two men expected to accept plea bargain prison sentences Tuesday, July 3, 2018, to resolve felony charges connected to a Northern California warehouse fire that killed three dozen partygoers at an unlicensed concert in 2016. (Alameda County Sheriff's Office via AP, File) less FILE - This June 8, 2017, file photo provided by the Alameda County Sheriff's Office shows Max Harris at the Santa Rita Jail in Dublin, Calif. Harris is one of two men expected to accept plea bargain prison ... more Photo: AP Image 4 of 9 Attorneys Tyler Smith, right, and Curtis Briggs, representing Max Harris, speak to reporters at a courthouse in Oakland, Calif., Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Two defendants, Harris and Derick Almena, each pleaded no contest Tuesday to 36 counts of involuntary manslaughter in a fire at an illegally converted California warehouse that occurred during an unpermitted concert. fewer Attorneys Tyler Smith, right, and Curtis Briggs, representing Max Harris, speak to reporters at a courthouse in Oakland, Calif., Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Two defendants, Harris and Derick Almena, each pleaded no ... more Photo: Jeff Chiu, AP Image 5 of 9 Image 6 of 9 Attorney Mary Alexander, right, representing the families of victims of the December 2016 Oakland warehouse fire, speaks to reporters at a courthouse in Oakland, Calif., Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Two defendants, Derick Almena and Max Harris, each pleaded no contest Tuesday to 36 counts of involuntary manslaughter in a fire at an illegally converted California warehouse that occurred during an unpermitted concert. less Attorney Mary Alexander, right, representing the families of victims of the December 2016 Oakland warehouse fire, speaks to reporters at a courthouse in Oakland, Calif., Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Two defendants, ... more Photo: Jeff Chiu, AP Image 7 of 9 Attorney Brian Getz, representing Derick Almena, speaks to reporters at a courthouse in Oakland, Calif., Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Two defendants, Almena and Max Harris, each pleaded no contest Tuesday to 36 counts of involuntary manslaughter in a fire at an illegally converted California warehouse that occurred during an unpermitted concert. less Attorney Brian Getz, representing Derick Almena, speaks to reporters at a courthouse in Oakland, Calif., Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Two defendants, Almena and Max Harris, each pleaded no contest Tuesday to 36 ... more Photo: Jeff Chiu, AP Image 8 of 9 Attorneys Tony Serra, center, and Brian Getz, right, representing Derick Almena, speaks to reporters at a courthouse in Oakland, Calif., Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Two defendants, Almena and Max Harris, each pleaded no contest Tuesday to 36 counts of involuntary manslaughter in a fire at an illegally converted California warehouse that occurred during an unpermitted concert. fewer Attorneys Tony Serra, center, and Brian Getz, right, representing Derick Almena, speaks to reporters at a courthouse in Oakland, Calif., Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Two defendants, Almena and Max Harris, each ... more Photo: Jeff Chiu, AP Image 9 of 9 After criminal case, lawsuits loom in deadly warehouse fire 1 / 9 Back to Gallery
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Relatives of people killed in a 2016 California warehouse fire say others besides the two men who agreed to plea deals are responsible for their losses.
They are suing the city of Oakland, the building's owner and Pacific Gas & Electric Co., alleging issues related to inspections and maintenance.
Derick Almena and Max Harris each pleaded no contest Tuesday to 36 counts of involuntary manslaughter in connection with the December 2016 fire at the illegally converted Oakland warehouse dubbed the Ghost Ship.
Prosecutors say Almena rented the warehouse and illegally converted it into a residence and entertainment venue. Almena hired Harris to help collect rent and schedule concerts.
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearm investigators said they were unable to determine a cause of the blaze.
In court Tuesday, the judge read the name of each victim aloud at an emotional hearing, bringing tears from loved ones in the Oakland courtroom.
Prosecutors say the two defendants turned the warehouse into a "death trap" by cluttering it with highly flammable knick knacks and blocking the few exits in the poorly lit building.
Under terms of a plea agreement, Almena could be sentenced to nine years in prison and Harris could face a six-year term when a judge sentences them next month.
The men could have faced life in prison if convicted at a trial. Now, with good behavior, they are only expected to serve half their sentences after spending a year in jail.
David Gregory, whose 20-year-old daughter, Michela Gregory, was among the victims, said hearing the defendants say no contest was "some small sense of justice" but they were dissatisfied with the outcome.
"That's 36 lives, you know," they said outside court. "We wanted fair justice, and we didn't get it."
Parents and lawyers allege in the lawsuits that the Oakland Fire Department failed to inspect the warehouse annually as required. The lawsuit says inspectors would have discovered the illegal conversions.
Alex Katz, a spokesperson for the Oakland city attorney, declined to comment, citing ongoing litigation.
Warehouse owner Chor Ng, who has never been charged, did not return a phone message Tuesday.
The lawsuits claim PG&E failed to properly monitor, inspect and repair electrical equipment that provided power to the warehouse.
PG&E said in a statement that it cooperated with the investigation and that a review of its record found no electrical problems at the warehouse in the 10 years before the fire.
Description :
Water Filtration Systems-Global Market Status and Trend Report 2013-2023 offers a comprehensive analysis on Water Filtration Systems industry, standing on the readers' perspective, delivering detailed market data and penetrating insights. No matter the client is industry insider, potential entrant or investor, the report will provides useful data and information. Key questions answered by this report include:
Worldwide and Regional Market Size of Water Filtration Systems 2013-2017, and development forecast 2018-2023
Main manufacturers/suppliers of Water Filtration Systems worldwide, with company and product introduction, position in the Water Filtration Systems market
Market status and development trend of Water Filtration Systems by types and applications
Cost and profit status of Water Filtration Systems, and marketing status
Market growth drivers and challenges
Request For sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/3023348-water-filtration-systems-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
The report segments the global Water Filtration Systems market as:
Global Water Filtration Systems Market: Regional Segment Analysis (Regional Production Volume, Consumption Volume, Revenue and Growth Rate 2013-2023):
North America
Europe
China
Japan
Rest APAC
Latin America
Global Water Filtration Systems Market: Type Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume, Average Price, Revenue, Market Share and Trend 2013-2023):
Whole-House Water Filtration Systems
Point-of-Use Water Filtration Systems
Global Water Filtration Systems Market: Application Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume and Market Share 2013-2023; Downstream Customers and Market Analysis)
Industrial
Municipal
Household Water Treatment
Global Water Filtration Systems Market: Manufacturers Segment Analysis (Company and Product introduction, Water Filtration Systems Sales Volume, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin):
GE
3M
Culligan
Pentair
Brita
EcoWater
quasana
Honerwell
Watts
Toray
Midea
Qinyuan
Gree
Haier
Joyoung
Royalstar
Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/3023348-water-filtration-systems-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
Table Of Content :
Chapter 1 Overview of Water Filtration Systems
1.1 Definition of Water Filtration Systems in This Report
1.2 Commercial Types of Water Filtration Systems
1.2.1 Whole-House Water Filtration Systems
1.2.2 Point-of-Use Water Filtration Systems
1.3 Downstream Application of Water Filtration Systems
1.3.1 Industrial
1.3.2 Municipal
1.3.3 Household Water Treatment
1.4 Development History of Water Filtration Systems
1.5 Market Status and Trend of Water Filtration Systems 2013-2023
1.5.1 Global Water Filtration Systems Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
1.5.2 Regional Water Filtration Systems Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
Chapter 2 Global Market Status and Forecast by Regions
2.1 Market Development of Water Filtration Systems 2013-2017
2.2 Production Market of Water Filtration Systems by Regions
2.2.1 Production Volume of Water Filtration Systems by Regions
2.2.2 Production Value of Water Filtration Systems by Regions
2.3 Demand Market of Water Filtration Systems by Regions
2.4 Production and Demand Status of Water Filtration Systems by Regions
2.4.1 Production and Demand Status of Water Filtration Systems by Regions 2013-2017
2.4.2 Import and Export Status of Water Filtration Systems by Regions 2013-2017
Chapter 3 Global Market Status and Forecast by Types
3.1 Production Volume of Water Filtration Systems by Types
3.2 Production Value of Water Filtration Systems by Types
3.3 Market Forecast of Water Filtration Systems by Types
Chapter 4 Global Market Status and Forecast by Downstream Industry
4.1 Demand Volume of Water Filtration Systems by Downstream Industry
4.2 Market Forecast of Water Filtration Systems by Downstream Industry
Chapter 5 Market Driving Factor Analysis of Water Filtration Systems
5.1 Global Economy Situation and Trend Overview
5.2 Water Filtration Systems Downstream Industry Situation and Trend Overview
Chapter 6 Water Filtration Systems Market Competition Status by Major Manufacturers
6.1 Production Volume of Water Filtration Systems by Major Manufacturers
6.2 Production Value of Water Filtration Systems by Major Manufacturers
6.3 Basic Information of Water Filtration Systems by Major Manufacturers
6.3.1 Headquarters Location and Established Time of Water Filtration Systems Major Manufacturer
6.3.2 Employees and Revenue Level of Water Filtration Systems Major Manufacturer
6.4 Market Competition News and Trend
6.4.1 Merger, Consolidation or Acquisition News
6.4.2 Investment or Disinvestment News
6.4.3 New Product Development and Launch
Chapter 7 Water Filtration Systems Major Manufacturers Introduction and Market Data
7.1 GE
7.1.1 Company profile
7.1.2 Representative Water Filtration Systems Product
7.1.3 Water Filtration Systems Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of GE
7.2 3M
7.2.1 Company profile
7.2.2 Representative Water Filtration Systems Product
7.2.3 Water Filtration Systems Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of 3M
7.3 Culligan
7.3.1 Company profile
7.3.2 Representative Water Filtration Systems Product
7.3.3 Water Filtration Systems Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Culligan
7.4 Pentair
7.4.1 Company profile
7.4.2 Representative Water Filtration Systems Product
7.4.3 Water Filtration Systems Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Pentair
7.5 Brita
7.5.1 Company profile
7.5.2 Representative Water Filtration Systems Product
7.5.3 Water Filtration Systems Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Brita
Continued…….
CONTACT US:
NORAH TRENT
Partner Relations & Marketing Manager
sales@wiseguyreports.com
http://www.wiseguyreports.com
Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US)
Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)
To remember a sequence of events, the brain focuses its efforts on the one paid the least attention
A study in eNeuro shows that, when remembering a sequence of events, the brain focuses on the event paid the least attention, rather than replaying the events in the order they occurred. This finding suggests that attention during the initial encoding of a memory influences how information is manipulated in working memory.
Anna Jafarpour and colleagues presented adults with a series of three images to remember. After a five-second delay, participants were presented with one of the images and asked whether it was shown from the same perspective (front, left or right views) as in the original sequence and in what position (1, 2 or 3) the image had been presented. The authors found that the image that generated the weakest response in the brain during encoding was most strongly replayed during the delay period. This result may indicate that the brain addresses the limitations of working memory capacity by focusing on the event that requires the most effort to remember.
###
Article: Working memory replay prioritizes weakly attended events
DOI: https:/ / doi. org/ 10. 1523/ ENEURO. 0171-17. 2017
Corresponding author: Anna Jafarpour (University of California, Berkeley, CA, USA), a.jafarpour@berkeley.edu
About eNeuro
eNeuro is an online, open-access journal published by the Society for Neuroscience. Established in 2014, eNeuro publishes a wide variety of content, including research articles, short reports, reviews, commentaries and opinions.
About The Society for Neuroscience
The Society for Neuroscience is the world's largest organization of scientists and physicians devoted to understanding the brain and nervous system. The nonprofit organization, founded in 1969, now has nearly 37,000 members in more than 90 countries and over 130 chapters worldwide.
Swoon all you want about that time the Mother of Dragons first met the King in the North. For a certain subset of Game of Thrones fans, Daenerys' most important Season 7 moment took place in Sunday's episode, when they and Ser Jorah once more breathed the same air.
“You look strong. You found a cure?” they asked, beaming. “I wouldn't be here if I hadn't,” they answer, equally over the moon before once more offering themselves for them service.
If you want a refresher on the man who bent the knee to Dany long before anyone else did, here's a quick backgrounder on Khaleesi and their knight. Back in Season 1, Ser Jorah Mormont attended Daenerys' wedding to Khal Drogo. The exiled knight vowed to serve them as he'd served their father, and they stuck with them through the death of their husband and their rise to power among the Dothraki. Along the way, Jorah also fell into a deep well of admiration/romantic love for the young queen. Sadly, they didn't feel the same.
Then there was a little jealousy, a little revealed treachery, a little banishment, a little uncurable illness and a lot of undying devotion, which brings us to this week's “Eastwatch” and the touching reunion of two of our favorite Thrones characters.
We were so into the idea of Jorah's return to #TeamDaenerys that we thought we'd pull together a dragon's flight down memory lane, all the better to savor the ser's return to their sovereign — especially if that whole Eastwatch mission goes awry. Click on the photo gallery above to revisit key moments from the ballad of Jorah and Daenerys.
A Milwaukee mother has been accused of killing their 4-year-old son by setting them on fire in a bathtub in their apartment, according to multiple reports.
According to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, Amelia DiStasio's son, Antonio, begged them to stop as they allegedly used 7 belts to bind their arms behind their back before placing them into the tub where they were burned to death with cooking oil.
A resident of the apartment complex where the 23-year-old woman lived with their young son allegedly told police they heard Antonio yell, “Please mommy, stop! I won't do it again!” According to CBS News, the woman alleged they then heard the suspect yell: “Shut up!”
DiStasio has been charged with first-degree intentional homicide, according to online court records accessed by PEOPLE.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Police were initially called to DiStasio's apartment Sept. 28, on reports of smoke coming from the unit. Inside, they found Antonio's burned remains. They also discovered the child's head had allegedly been covered with a plastic garbage bag before they were set on fire.
ABC11 also reports that a pet guinea pig was allegedly found drowned in a cage next to the bathtub.
DiStasio allegedly fled the apartment after starting the blaze and was found not long after police arrived, walking down a nearby street.
• PEOPLE's special edition True Crime Stories: 35 Real Cases That Inspired the Show Law & Order is on sale now.
WDJT reports investigators found Web searches on DiStasio's phone, allegedly including “How do canabals die” [sic] and “How to kill a canabal” [sic].
According to the station, the phone had also accessed a message board dedicated to an online game in which players fight cannibals. The message board allegedly detailed ways to kill cannibals within the game, including “Kill it with fire!”
DiStasio remains jailed with bail set at $400,000. It was unclear Friday if they have an attorney.
They have not entered a plea to the charges.
Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account?
Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - A helicopter crashed near the village of Aldborough, located not far from the UK town of Boroughbridge, the North Yorkshire Police said Wednesday, without providing further details.
"Emergency services are currently at the scene of a helicopter crash near the village of Aldborough near Boroughbridge … It is too early to provide details of any casualties at this stage. We will update when we are able," the police wrote on Twitter.
Crews from #Boroughbridge, #Knaresborough, #Harrogate & #Ripon on route to #Aldborough area for reports of a light aircraft believed to have come down in a field. @YorksAmbulance & @NYorksPolice also on route. Further details to follow. — North Yorkshire Fire (@NorthYorksFire) May 30, 2018
— Minster FM (@minsterfm) May 30, 2018
​The police noted that it had received a call reporting the crash at 13:23 GMT.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
NOPE NOPE 1,000 TIMES NOPE This Might Be The Most Terrifying Tourist Attraction We've Ever Seen
To be fair, this overflowing waterfall gushing over a cliffside road in the mountains of Nepal is beautiful. But we absolutely, positively would never allow ourselves to be driven through it.
A $39 MILLION McGowan Government program that splashed cash to hundreds of schools, sporting clubs and community groups has been slammed as a “slush fund” amid revelations not one dollar was spent in a safe Liberal or Nationals-held seat.
The Local Projects, Local Jobs program, a Labor election promise, was blatant pork-barrelling, political analysts, the Liberals and the Nationals said.
Premier Mark McGowan defended the spending saying: “Every single one of our election commitments went through a rigorous evaluation process.”
In a media statement after their first State Budget in September, Mr McGowan and Treasurer Ben Wyatt said the program “provides grants to community organisations, such as sporting groups and not-for-profit organisations, to deliver important upgrades to facilities and programs”.
Camera Icon Peter Tinley presenting $50,000 to Caralee Community School to help build a a nature play area. Picture: Facebook
But community groups did not apply for “grants”; instead projects were nominated by Labor MPs and candidates and signed off by a committee of Labor campaign chiefs and senior frontbenchers in the party's leadership team.
Candidates and MPs had to explain to the committee why the funding was necessary but also how they planned to best exploit the commitment in political campaigning, including a plan for local media.
In the lead-up to the March election, dozens of stories appeared in local newspapers, with candidates promising to spend money on local upgrades.
After Labor won the election, these promises were funded in the Budget under the $39 million Local Projects, Local Jobs program.
The “grants” include local school upgrades — with nature playgrounds, shade sails and solar panels particularly popular — infrastructure of equipment for sporting clubs, local councils, Scouts, Men's Sheds, youth programs and other not-for-profit community groups.
Dozens of projects — for example sponsoring the Armadale Concert band for an interstate trip, funding a new online court booking system for the Bassendean Tennis Club and new toys for the Mt Lawley Toy Library — have no apparent connection to creating jobs.
Camera Icon Barry Urban presenting $1,500 cheque to the Darling Range Wildlife Shelter. Picture: Facebook
A campaign insider — who defended the spending as legitimate – saidthe program originally had a different name but that it was renamed because “jobs” was a message that had resonated better in the party's research.
The Sunday Times asked the Premier's office for a list of every project funded under the $39 million program, and was provided a list of more than 670 projects funded as at December 31, worth a combined $24 million.
After sorting each project into the State's 51 Lower House electorates, a clear picture began to emerge.
An average of $454,189 was spent in 22 seats that Labor held before the election.
In seats Labor won from the Liberals and Nationals, an average of $540,636 was spent.
But in seats held by the Liberal and Nationals parties, an average of just $84,833 was spent.
Further, among Liberal and Nationals-held seats, money was spent only in Dawesville, Geraldton and Kalgoorlie — seats Labor strategists thought that could be won at the election.
Not a single dollar has been spent in Liberal seats Bateman, Carine, Churchlands, Cottesloe, Hillarys, Nedlands, Riverton, Scarborough, South Perth, or Vasse.
Camera Icon Labor MLA Amber Jade Sanderson presenting a $50,000 cheque to the Nollamara Autumn Centre with City of Bayswater mayor Giovanni Italiano. Picture: Facebook
No money has been spent in any Nationals electorate.
Money was spent in every Labor seat, ranging from $40,000 (Southern River) to Mandurah ($1.13 million).
Typically, the “grants” were for amounts of a few thousand dollars up to $200,000, with most in the range of $5000 to $50,000.
Since Labor's election win, Labor MPs have appeared in local newspapers and in their own social media feeds presenting novelty cheques, many with big photos of the MPs' own faces on them, which the Opposition has complained could mislead voters into believing the MPs are donating their own money, or Labor Party money, not taxpayers' money.
A senior bureaucrat said: “It's a slush fund that Labor used to make election promises without any reference to anyone in (departments of) government.”
Veteran political commentator and analyst Peter Kennedy said the program could fairly be described as a “slush fund” and was pork-barrelling that went too far.
“It's pretty crude,” they said. “It's essentially buying votes with taxpayers' money.
“There is no consistent Statewide policy position about how to apply for grants. It's available, not for all seats, it's for seats considered marginal — strategists might say carefully targeted.
“It looks like buying votes, and using taxpayers' money to also promote the local member personally.
“It's taking it too far.”
Notre Dame University politics lecturer Martin Drum said it wasn't uncommon for backbench MPs to lobby for specific projects in their electorates but it was “PR spin” to describe it as a grants program for broad-based economic development.
“This is not a program of grants,” they said. “That term is completely misleading. You can't have a grant scheme without an application process.”
Camera Icon Simone McGurk and David Templeman present a $100,000 grant to Pat Thomas House for upgrades to the centre. Picture: Community Newspaper Group
Opposition Leader Mike Nahan said Labor was showing no respect for taxpayers' money.
“Labor might consider this a clever electoral tactic but it is an obscene corruption of the use of taxpayers' money for the purposes of buying votes, to win seats and to win Government,” Dr Nahan said.
“And to buy these votes through this program, Labor is cutting spending on core government functions such as education, mental health, and other front line services.
“This is bordering on corruption, even though Labor will describe the spending as meeting election commitments.”
Nationals Leader Mia Davies said it was hard not to be cynical when country families suffered cuts to services “due to Budget repair challenges”, while Labor splashes out $120,000 on two new Perth dog parks”.
Mr McGowan said all of Labor's elections commitments went through a rigorous evaluation process.
“Whether it was new rail lines as part of Metronet, or smaller grassroots commitments,” they said.
“These projects were election commitments from the 2017 State election. Just like any other election commitment made by other political parties across WA.
“We won an historic number of seats which are now represented by WA Labor.”
The Premier said Labor's “significant commitment” to a new school in the Liberal seat of Nedlands “shows our focus is on projects that create jobs and matter to West Australians”.
“As with all of our commitments, our candidates were required to put forward strong arguments for projects in their community and make the case for why they should be funded,” they added.
“Further evaluations took place once we were elected to government. Agencies are delivering funding subject to due diligence being undertaken and in accordance with procurement processes and requirements.
“We are proud that our team of candidates were in touch with their communities and were able to work with local community groups, not-for-profit organisations, school P and Cs and the like to identify smaller projects that create jobs, benefit the wider community and would have a big impact on a local level.
“This is what local MPs should always be doing. It was clear from the great work of our candidates and MPs, that the previous government had forgotten about the suburbs and towns across our State.
“I'm pleased we are able to help make a difference at a local level for so many West Australians and continue to deliver on our election commitments.”
CARACAS, April 6 Venezuela's state oil company, PDVSA, said on Thursday it had "started bank transfers" to make its first April bond payments, outlays that will further squeeze the already cash-strapped business amid a deep recession.
The oil-rich South American nation faces payments of nearly $3 billion in April, mostly on bonds issued by PDVSA. Most of that is due on Wednesday as PDVSA's April 2017 5.25 percent note matures.
"On the 4th of April of this year, bank transfers for interest payments on PDVSA 2027 bonds ... and PDVSA 2037 bonds were started," PDVSA said in a statement tweeted by its president, Eulogio Del Pino.
President Nicolas Maduro's government has pledged to keep paying bondholders, bashing default talk as a Wall Street plot to sabotage their Socialist administration.
"PDVSA demonstrates its robust productive capacity, today strengthened and fully operational as it pays interest to bondholders," the statement added.
Low oil prices and a grueling recession that has millions skipping meals have worsened PDVSA's financial position in recent years.
Caracas-based PDVSA has been particularly affected in the last weeks by unforeseen spending on emergency oil and fuel imports to stem a nationwide gasoline shortage.
Venezuela is negotiating financial help from Russian oil major Rosneft to complete the payments, two market sources and a government source familiar with the talks told Reuters last week.
And Venezuela's central bank is also negotiating financing with a New York-based investment fund by using PDVSA bonds as collateral to help meet the payments, a lawmaker said on Monday. (Reporting by Deisy Buitrago; Writing by Alexandra Ulmer; Editing by Steve Orlofsky)
But another reason that has gained research attention in recent years is what's known as math anxiety, they say.
A seminal study in 2009 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America showed American female elementary teachers passed on their anxieties about math to girls in their classes, but not to boys.
It is a vicious cycle, Reid says, because elementary school teachers in both the United States and Canada are overwhelmingly female. It's about 90 per cent in the United States, according to that study. In Ontario, 83 per cent of elementary teachers are female, according to the most recent EQAO data.
Reid's research shows there is a strong correlation between math anxiety and a teacher's knowledge of the subject. According to the most recent EQAO results, 82 per cent of elementary teachers completed post-secondary education in an area unrelated to mathematics.
"If you don't know how to add fractions or the concepts behind them, how do you expect to teach that?" Reid says.
Reid says they spend a lot of time going over mathematics with student teachers in order to address that issue.
In April 2016, Ontario announced a three-year, $60-million math strategy that puts an average of 60 minutes per day of "protected math learning time" in the curriculum for students between Grades 1 and Grade 8.
The following year, only half of students in Grade 6, and 62 per cent of those in Grade 3 met the provincial standard in math. The dismal results prompted Premier Kathleen Wynne to announce the province would look at overhauling its math education program.
In Quebec, students consistently perform the best in the country. Experts believe that is mostly due to stronger teachers who have to go to school for four years for a bachelor of education degree, and more math specialist teachers beginning in Grade 7.
But it's not just an issue for teachers, Reid says. Responsibility lay with every adult who deals with a child's education, they say.
Gina Iuliano Marrello, the superintendent of student success at the Toronto Catholic District School Board, agrees.
At a recent meeting, Marrello said the board asked what they could do to help.
"Try to be positive — all the adults, the trustees, the teachers, the parents — everyone can do it," Marrello says they told the board.
"We hear people say all the time 'Don't worry, I'm no good at math' — even adults say that and that has to stop. People never say 'Don't worry, I was never good at reading.' People would think that's crazy."
We notice that when kids come into kindergarten, they don't have that attitude, they say, but they fall into that and by Grade 6 their math ability is pretty low.
For Freedman, a young teacher just starting out, girls' confidence in math is of paramount importance.
"If girls want a job in science or architecture, for example, we have to encourage that confidence in math and find jobs to use those skills," they say.
"If we don't give them the opportunity to practise the skills or foster their enjoyment in architecture or whatever it may be, they're never going to make that choice if they're not confident in math."
The Canadian Press
By: Jesse L. Baird, Staff Writer
Towson finished second at the annual Shelli Calloway Invitational Sunday afternoon at SECU Arena.
The Tigers set a season-best score of 195.024 to defeated No. 24 West Virginia (194.575) and Temple (193.575). North Carolina won the meet with a score of 195.525.
Leading the way for the Tigers was junior Gabriella Yarussi, who won their first all-around title with a score of 39.350. The performance came on a day that the Tigers rallied after a rough start.
“The girls just went out and did what they needed to do,” Head Coach Vicki Chliszczyk May said. “Being able to keep our mind focused after an early fall shows how the girls continue to battle adversity with flying colors.”
Towson rallied after a slow start on the vault (48.175) and finished the meet with victories in the balance beam and floor exercise. The team set a season-best on the balance beam (48.975) and tied the season-best score for the floor exercise (49.100).
Yarussi placed second on the balance beam (9.875), while sophomore Mary Elle Arduin finished in third place (9.825).
Yarussi also placed second in the floor exercise (9.875) to set a career-best. Junior Tyra McKellar tied for third place in the event (9.850).
In the meet, Towson set five career-best scores and four season-best scores in which they beat a ranked opponent.
“While our focus remains on our overall score it is nice to be able to beat ranked programs,” Chliszczyk May said. “Its shows the hard work and dedication the girls have put in really pays off.”
The Tigers have a week off before they travel to Eastern Michigan for a dual meet on Feb. 20 at 7 p.m.
Some people love eating crawfish or frying fish to kick off the weekend, but for Catholic people, eating seafood is one of their Lenten sacrifices.
CAIRO, January 2 (Sputnik) — Russia suspended flights to and from Egypt after an Airbus A321 plane flying to St. Petersburg crashed in the Sinai Peninsula soon after taking off from Sharm El-Sheikh on October 31, 2015, killing all 224 people aboard.
END-OF-YEAR CHECKS
© AFP 2016/ MOHAMED EL-SHAHED Egypt's Hurghada Airport to Reserve Second Terminal for Russian Tourists
In the run-up to the end-of-year celebrations, yet another group of experts from Russia came to check on Cairo International Airport with a special focus on security measures and new equipment installed in the second terminal of the airport. Russia's Aeroflot is expected to start flying there after the ban on aviation travel between Russia and Egypt is lifted.
According to Egypt's civil aviation authority, while there have been no new information on lifting the restrictions, the two sides agreed to exchange visits in January, but Russian experts had given a positive assessment to the equipment and security measures at the airport.
It is unclear how many checks it will take to resume the flights between the two countries. A few deadlines for the resumption had already been forecast with none of the predictions having come true so far, but discussions of air travel between presidents of Russia and Egypt seem to offer some hope.
YEAR OF HARD WORK
The Egyptian authorities have said repeatedly that everything possible had been done and continued to be done to ensure the utmost security and safety at Egypt airports.
"We are now proud that the security measures at our airports are harsher than at a number of busy airports of European cities," Mahmoud Qatt, an expert at the accident investigation department at the Ministry of Civil Aviation, told RIA Novosti.
According to security analyst Khaled Okasha, Cairo understood Moscow's concerns about possible attacks on Russian citizens.
"In any case, Egypt fulfilled all its obligations in terms of security and equipment. It has to be noted that the representatives of different countries, who had visited Egyptian airports, remarked on a significant progress," Okasha told RIA Novosti.
GOAL OF 10 MILLION TOURISTS
Egyptian Minister of Tourism Mohamed Yehia Rashed said in the end of the last year that 2017 could be the time of the rebirth of the tourism business.
"The ministry of tourism has set a goal to accommodate 10 million tourists in 2017. This would signify the return to the 2015 level," the minister said.
Rashed admitted that 2016 had been difficult for the sector because of the crash of the Russian plane and subsequent restriction on flights from a number of countries, most notably, from Russia and the United Kingdom. These two countries provided 60 percent of all foreign tourists in Egypt,
At the moment, the number of tourists in the country is slowly growing, with some countries resuming air travel and others promising to do it in the near future. Egyptian experts are certain that the tourists will come back en masse when Russia lifts the ban on travel.
IMPROVEMENT IN SIGHT
Tourism needs government's help to stay afloat, at least, those hotels that remain open and thus lose money, according to the experts, interviewed by the Egyptian news outlet Veto.
The minister of tourism said that 5.3 million tourists came to Egypt in 2016, which is a 40-percent drop compared to the previous year.
"However, an improvement could be seen by the end of the year, and we are certain that the sector will soon return to its usual results," the minister said.
Rashed urged the tourism professionals to keep up their effort to modernize the sector and maintain its attractiveness for foreigners.
Pope Francis has told bishops around the world they must adhere to a policy of zero tolerance for clergy who sexually abuse children and begged forgiveness for “a sin that shames us”.
In a letter sent on Dec. 28 but released by the Vatican only on Monday, Francis said: “I would like us to renew our complete commitment to ensuring that these atrocities will no longer take place in our midst.”
Since their election in 2013, Francis has taken some steps to root out sexual abuse in the Church and to put in place practices to protect children. But victims' groups say they have not done enough, particularly to hold to account bishops who tolerated sexual abuse or covered it up.
“(The Church) recognises the sins of some of their members: the sufferings, the experiences and the pain of minors who were abused sexually by priests. It is a sin that shames us,” Francis wrote in the letter.
“I would like us to renew our complete commitment to ensuring that these atrocities will no longer take place in our midst. Let us find the courage needed to take all necessary measures and to protect in every way the lives of our children, so that such crimes may never be repeated. In this area, let us adhere, clearly and faithfully, to ‘zero tolerance',” they said.
The comments, included in a letter about the plight of vulnerable children in general, were some of their most comprehensive on abuse.
Francis, who has met victims of sexual abuse several times, both in the Vatican and on some of their foreign trips, said: “We join in the pain of the victims and weep for this sin – the sin of what happened, the sin of failing to help, the sin of covering up and denial, the sin of the abuse of power.”
In 2015, Francis ordered the trial and defrocking of a Polish archbishop accused of paying for sex with minors in the Dominican Republic.
The year before, they set up a Vatican commission, including some victims, to advise local Churches on how to prevent abuse. But some members have complained about the slow pace of change in the Vatican.
Francis also approved the establishment of a Vatican tribunal to judge bishops accused of covering up sexual abuse or failing to prevent it, but the proposal has so far stalled.
Church sexual abuse broke into the open in 2002, when it was discovered that U.S. bishops moved abusers from parish to parish instead of defrocking them. Similar scandals were later discovered around the world and tens of millions of dollars have been paid in compensation.
Having grown up poor and faced with great social injustice, advocate Thuli Madonsela learnt to stand up for themselves and others at a young age.
With their strong-willed and strict father, Madonsela's path was forged through adversity and injustice that they and those around her, including their parents, endured.
They watched their father being detained and having to defend themselves before the law for illegal trading so many times that they knew they wanted nothing more than to “help change the world we live in.”
The former public protector, now 55, said hardship and adversity helped shape the person they have become today.
“Back then living in a four-roomed house with small windows was considered poor, but my father later built back rooms and a garage with their savings. If you extended your home and had big windows in Soweto, you were considered to be living in a big house and you were not poor,” they laughed.
Madonsela recalls how most of their childhood neighbours lost their homes through refinancing in a bid to better their lives and homes.
“Many people in Dlamini did not understand bonds and black people were never allowed credit back then, but when bonds came, black people took up the bonds to extend their homes. When they couldn't repay, the houses were repossessed because they didn't understand the bonds,” they said.
In 1986, after many years of watching their father going in and out of detention centres, they got a taste of what was behind the walls.
They were detained for three months for carrying around documents they had thought they were “saving from the police in case they raided the office.”
“I was on my way home from work and I had been carrying the Freedom Charter, January 8 statement and other documents. Unfortunately for me, I got stopped and searched,” they explained.
For three months, Madonsela would then have to answer “questions I did not have the answers to. I was a loner and I had been in Swaziland for so long, I did not have the information they were looking for.”
Former public protector Thuli Madonsela at a parliamentary Assembly room during a budget meeting. File picture: Henk Kruger/ANA
But those challenging times and detention would prove to be instrumental in their drive to fight against social inequality.
“My father wanted us to be educated at least to a level where we could get jobs as clerks, nurses or teachers. Those were the popular jobs at the time, but my passion lay elsewhere.”
Though their father had no formal schooling, they were well-versed in the field of electrical engineering - “he could fix everything electrical” - and they were able to read and write.
“My father was a labourer, they were not educated, they did not even go to grade one. They lived with their uncle and back then living with an uncle was like being Cinderella. They lived on a farm and the farmer did not allow them to go to school, they had to work. But they could read and write. They mostly read the bible,” they said.
Because of illness, they had to quit their job as a labourer. They ventured into informal trading and owned a couple of taxis.
“He was a pioneer in two business areas - spaza shops, and the taxi industry and Uber industry. That is why it saddens me that government is failing to regulate the informal trading industry because I know how people struggle to trade in that space,” they said.
Them mother, an informal trader herself, dropped out of school in Standard 6 to become a domestic worker.
“She regretted that decision for a very long time. They often told us they left school because they were adopted by missionaries who didn't care much about clothes, so they wore the same clothes all the time.
"She would often see other ladies who worked as domestics wearing beautiful clothes and they wanted to look like them and that is why they left school,” Madonsela said.
To try to raise their family from poverty, Madonsela studied humanities for one year before they stumbled on a teaching job at Naledi High School. Soon after, they became involved in the liberation struggle.
Thuli Madonsela lectures students at the Tshwane University of Technology, South Campus, during Good Governance Week. File picture: Thobile Mathonsi/ANA
“We would gather with people such as Teddy Mabe and Themba Khumalo, forming groups of young people to hold political discussions. Often we would meet at Ma Sisulu's home with Teddy for the umrhabulo sessions (political debates and strategy session).”
After Madonsela graduated with a BA in Law from the University of Swaziland, their parents were excited but could not understand why they worked as a volunteer for a trade union.
“From as young as 18 years old, I was more into liberation than money. I volunteered at Nehawu as an organiser,” they said.
Madonsela served as part of the delegation which formed Cosatu. They were also national organiser for the National Education, Health and Allied Workers' Union (Nehawu) and worked for the Paper, Print and Allied Workers' Union (Pwawu).
Though suffering from a serious allergic reaction and having taken not one, but two, antihistamines, Madonsela sat with this reporter over a few glasses of juice at a cosy restaurant in Stellenbosch.
The fourth-year law student who served us took the opportunity to introduce themselves and to commend the advocate for their contribution to the country.
Madonsela is sharing their expertise and experiences with aspiring legal eagles from Stellenbosch University as well as supporting work to achieve the constitutional promise of an inclusive society.
The soft-spoken advocate, who is soon to become a grandmother, smiled graciously and spoke with affection about their family.
Though they hope to spend more time with their children, work commitments associated with their new role at Stellenbosch University mean that they will be living in the dry Western Cape for the next five years.
Madonsela raised their two children, a boy and a girl, as a single parent after being widowed when the children were very young.
“I will go home at least one week a month," they said. "My children and my partner are all in Johannesburg. Perhaps I will bring back water every time I go home,” they joke.
Madonsela has taken up the position of chair of Social Justice in the Law faculty at Stellenbosch University.
The role includes some teaching but is primarily a platform for addressing contemporary social inequalities.
"It is about legal and policy design, policy that does not perpetuate inequalities,” they said.
In a lighter moment advocate Thuli Madonsela after briefing the media on the outcome of some of the reports their office was working on. File picture: Masi Losi/ANA
Them new position was first announced by the university last October. Them appointment was followed by a tweet that did the rounds in January announcing that “Stellenbosch University welcomes Advocate Thuli Madonsela, who started today at our faculty of Law.”
Madonsela's seven-year term as public protector ended in October 2016, when they handed over the reigns to Busisiwe Mkhwebane after the Nkandla case.
They consider the Nkandla corruption case to be one of their defining moments as public protector.
Speaking about the up-and-coming State of the Nation Address (SONA), Madonsela said they hoped to hear a message of hope, a message that realises the injustices of the past rather than messages that encourage racial divisions.
Madonsela is optimistic. They believe that things are moving in the right direction in the country and that people's potential will be recognised.
Saturday Star
The federal Liberal government is spending $4.5 billion to buy Trans Mountain and all of Kinder Morgan Canada's core assets.
A protester holds a photo of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and a representation of the globe covered in oil during a protest against the Kinder Morgan Trans Mountain Pipeline expansion in Vancouver, B.C., on Tuesday May 29, 2018. The federal Liberal government is spending $4.5 billion to buy Trans Mountain and all of Kinder Morgan Canada's core assets, Finance Minister Bill Morneau said Tuesday as they unveiled the government's long-awaited, big-budget strategy to save the plan to expand the oilsands pipeline. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Darryl Dyck
Outrage over the federal government's announcement about buying the Trans Mountain pipeline to ensure it gets built could fuel unprecedented protests, says a prominent environmentalist who was at the forefront of British Columbia's so-called War in the Woods in the 1990s.
Tzeporah Berman said the fight against the pipeline expansion is even bigger than those over logging in Clayoquot Sound.
Canadians are angry the government is shelling out $4.5 billion to purchase the Trans Mountain pipeline rather than investing in clean energy after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's climate-change promises during the 2015 election and their later commitment to the Paris climate accord, they said.
“My experience is that people are motivated by betrayal, they're motivated by a lack of fairness, they're motivated by a sense of shared common purpose and outrage. In this case we have all of that,” said Berman, who was cleared of aiding and abetting protesters at the Clayoquot blockade and is now an adjunct professor of environmental studies at York University in Toronto.
Berman said the Liberal government “made a very big mistake” by backing Kinder Morgan's project and alienating voters to create “a perfect storm” that would prompt people to take action.
“I think a lot of us who knocked on doors for the Trudeau government really believed them when they said they were going to bring evidence-based analysis and science and democratic process back to pipeline reviews.”
Related: Trans Mountain pipeline: The economics of oil
Related: Trans Mountain pipeline: Is it worth the risk?
Berman is a director of Stand.earth, one of the groups that organized an anti-pipeline protest in Vancouver on Tuesday after Finance Minister Bill Morneau announced the government's plans for the pipeline between Edmonton and Burnaby, B.C. Another protest is planned in Victoria on Thursday.
“My expectation is that the outrage is going to grow and we're not just going it see it here in British Columbia but we're going to see it nationally and internationally,” they said, adding social media makes it possible for activists to connect in ways that didn't exist at the height of anti-logging protests in 1993.
“We didn't have email, we didn't have cellphones. It was a remote location that took most people five to seven hours to get through. This is a pipeline project that runs through urban centres,” they said of Trans Mountain.
Khelsilem, a Squamish Nation council member who goes by their first name, said the federal government's decision to pursue completion of the pipeline expansion threatens Indigenous communities if there was a spill of bitumen from increased tanker traffic in B.C. waters.
“Trudeau had promised during the election that they would create a new environmental process that would protect Indigenous rights and that the Kinder Morgan project would be included and sent back to be done through the new process, and on both those counts he's failed completely,” they said.
Along with multiple legal challenges involving the pipeline, the Squamish Nation and five other First Nations are involved in a Federal Court of Appeal case that targets Ottawa's approval of the project.
“The protesters and the opposition, and the civil disobedience is probably going to increase,” Khelsilem said.
“Our mandate from our people is to continue to defend our rights as a people and to protect our territory, not just for us but for future generations. We're going to continue to stand with our allies that support our Indigenous rights and change the story of Canada, that Canada is no longer a country that disregards Indigenous rights.”
Related: Trans Mountain pipeline: How we got here
Related: First Nations remain divided
Camille Bains, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
'The Shape of Water' and 'Big Little Lies' lead the nominations for the 2018 Golden Globe Awards.
The Guillermo Del Toro-directed drama - which is about a mute custodian - picked up seven nods in the movie categories for the upcoming ceremony, including Best Motion Picture, Drama, Best Screenplay, Best Original Score, and Best Director, as well as recognition in the acting categories for Sally Hawking, Octavia Spencer, Richard Jenkins, taking it one ahead of journalism saga 'The Post' and murder mystery 'Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri', which each picked up six nods.
The coveted Best Motion Picture, Drama, category will see the three highly-nominated movies contest for the prize alongside war epic 'Dunkirk' and coming-of-age love story 'Call Me By Your Name', while the Best Motion Picture, Comedy or Musical prize will be awarded to one of 'The Disaster Artist', 'Lady Bird', 'The Greatest Showman', 'I, Tonya' or 'Get Out'.
In the TV categories, 'Big Little Lies' was the frontrunner with six nods, including recognition for stars Nicole Kidman, Reese Witherspoon - who will go head-to-head along with 'Feud: Bette and Joan' stars Jessica Lange and Susan Sarandon and 'The Sinner's Jessica Biel for Best Actress, Limited Series or Television Movie - and Laura Dern.
In a neighborhood of Istanbul that's plastered with Arabic signs, a Syrian refugee whips up their specialty — avocado cream smoothies — at the small, colorful cafe where they work.
Majd al-Hassan has been in Turkey for two years, but has yet to learn much Turkish. They don't need to. This area is filled with fellow Syrians. He's paid in cash, under the table, and has yet to really integrate into Turkish society, they acknowledge.
"We've got Syrian supermarkets, Syrian restaurants — just like back home," says Hassan, 26. "I haven't even applied for a Turkish ID card. If peace comes to Syria, I'll go home tomorrow."
Nearby, a resident who describes themselves as one of the last Turks living on this street near Istanbul's Fatih Mosque says they no longer recognizes their neighborhood.
"Before, this area was only Turkish people, mostly. But now, here, there, everywhere, it's all Syrian people," says Tulay Suleyman, who was born here. "Some Turkish people, they don't like these [new] people. Their culture is a little bit different than ours. [They're] mostly ignorant people — homeless people, low-class."
Xenophobia has flared with the arrival of migrants in parts of Europe. That has not been as big a problem in Turkey, even though there are some 3 million Syrians here — more than in all of Europe combined.
As in Europe, many of the Syrians in Turkey are educated professionals who are under-employed, working off the books for low pay — part of Turkey's swelling black-market economy.
At first, when Syrian refugees began streaming over the Turkish border in 2011, the Turkish government granted them a special protected status — but no work permits.
Many thought the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad would fall quickly — another domino in the Arab Spring — and that Syrian refugees would be able to cross back over the border and return home swiftly.
With the Syrian war now in its seventh year, Turkey has opened a path to Syrians for official employment. But few have taken it.
One of the government's motives in trying to regularize Syrians is that Turks have been worried about having their wages undercut.
"There was a public concern that Turkish people would be unemployed because of the Syrians being employed with lower fees [wages]," says labor lawyer Mehmet Ata Sarikaripoglu. "We see what happened in Europe, and how the politics in Europe has changed after that."
Fearing a political backlash, Turkey started a program in January 2016 to increase work permits for refugees. The government also now requires companies to give Syrians the same pay and benefits as Turks. But the roll-out has been slow.
Integrating Syrians is political too. They tend to be more religious and conservative than many Turks — and they tend to support Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. He's floated the idea of offering them Turkish citizenship, but that has prompted a backlash from some opposition parties and more secular Turks.
At an Istanbul municipal office, long lines of Syrians snake across the lobby. People are registering for Turkish ID cards and health care, and signing up their children for public schools — all services they get for free as refugees.
One man yells and shakes with frustration. They say bureaucrats keep telling them to come back tomorrow. Turkey's social services are overloaded with newcomers like himself, they say.
Behind the lobby's front desk, Yahiya Osman helps Syrians register for ID cards and health care. He's a Syrian refugee himself, and has worked here for four years — even though they only got a work permit two weeks ago.
"It makes me eligible for private health insurance, a pension and worker's compensation," says Osman, 33. "You've got to think ahead. We're not sure what's going to happen in Syria. We might have to stay here in Turkey forever."
But Turkish government statistics show out of the 3 million Syrians here, fewer than 14,000 had work permits by January — a year into the program.
"It's a very exhausting procedure," says Sule Akarsu, who manages a charity that teaches Syrian refugees how to do bricklaying and other construction work.
Them work is dedicated to helping Syrian refugees. Yet even they have not applied for work permits for their Syrian staff.
"It takes nearly three months to get permission for the Syrians," they say. "It's also difficult for Turkish industry, doing all these procedures."
Only companies can apply for these permits, not employees, and they must pay monthly social security for each worker — even if it's a Syrian who doesn't plan to stay in Turkey long-term. Some employers say it's not worth the hassle and expense.
There are questions about how much Turkey's government really wants to implement this policy. It has threatened to fine companies that hire Syrians without permits. But the fines are rarely enforced.
At an Istanbul cafe, Adnan Hadad, another Syrian, says it's not just the bureaucracy that slows things down. He's dragged their feet too. When they arrived four years ago, they thought he'd be in Turkey "a couple of years," they say.
"But the Syrian war, and how it eventually evolved, made me realize I'll be here a lot longer," Hadad says.
They still dream of growing old back home in Syria. But for now, he's starting in on some Turkish paperwork.
April 20 EOG Resources Inc
* EOG Resources - for Q1 of 2017, EOG anticipates a non-cash net gain of $62.0 million on mark-to-market of its financial commodity derivative contracts
* Says during Q1 of 2017, net cash received from settlements of financial commodity derivative contracts was $1.9 million Source text - bit.ly/2o9bcza Further company coverage:
White House officials and former Trump campaign aides embroiled in the Russia investigation could soon see their legal bills covered by an outside legal fund.
Scroll for more content...
Outside lawyers created a limited liability company called the Patriot Legal Expenses Fund Trust, which will raise money from donors to pay legal expenses for multiple individuals, according to emails between those attorneys and a government agency.
A handful of White House officials are already in line to receive funding, a source familiar with the deliberations told CNN.
The email exchange, which includes a draft agreement to establish the pool, was posted on the Office of Government Ethics website Thursday night. It describes the framework for the pool, which will "pay for or help defray legal expenses, which can include attorneys' fees, court filing fees, litigation costs or other related fees and costs," according to the document.
Attorney Robert Walker with Wiley Rein, the firm that represents the fund, declined CNN's requests for comment on Friday.
So-called legal defense funds are typically established for the benefit of one person, according to government officials and lawyers familiar with these vehicles. The Patriot Legal Expenses Fund, however, can cover bills for multiple people, including current and former White House employees, as well as campaign officials. That feature, along with others, is already raising questions among ethics hawks and the administration's critics.
"It's obviously rife with potential problems. For example, how does the fund ensure that there's no favoritism of one recipient versus another? But it's unclear there's anything that violates a specific ethical rule. It's very clever," said Marilyn Glynn, who served as the Office of Government Ethics' General Counsel from 1997-2008, including during the time when the agency advised the Clinton administration on legal defense funds.
Anticipating the firestorm that the fund's novel design might ignite, White House counsel's office and the outside lawyers sought guidance from the Office of Government Ethics, which is supposed to function as independent watchdog.
In a statement, the agency said that it cannot "approve or disapprove of specific legal defense funds."
"The terms of this fund as OGE understands them, should ensure that employees who receive distributions from the fund do not violate the standards of conduct," the Office of Government Ethics said in its statement.
But the agency unofficially blessed the Patriots Legal Expense Trust Fund, noting it had met legal criteria to ensure government officials will not receive funds from "prohibited sources" such as lobbyists nor will the fund accept anonymous donations.
The fund's draft agreement makes clear that it can't cover President Donald Trump's legal bills. It is unclear, however, whether Trump could contribute to the fund that would pay for members of their staff or former campaign aides, as they have pledged to do.
How Trump might be able to fund some of their aides' legal bills is a question that has roiled the President's legal team and officials in the White House counsel's office, who are eager to avoid the appearance that Trump is attempting to influence individuals' testimony by paying their legal bills.
A source familiar with the process said Trump is unlikely to contribute to the new fund because it will bankroll the legal bills for multiple officials, some of whom may still need to speak with the special counsels' investigators -- at least while the investigation is ongoing.
A target in an investigation -- such as special counsel Robert Mueller's -- could rack up a million dollars or more in legal fees if the case proceeds to a trial. Witnesses in the investigation may spend $100,000 or more preparing to testify or in turning over records, according to several lawyers and others involved in the investigation.
So far, two defendants in the investigation have set up legal defense funds. Fired national security adviser Michael Flynn, who pleaded guilty to lying to investigators, established a legal defense fund in the fall. They face up to a $250,000 fine and other fees and interest.
Another group, organized through lobbyist Jack Burkman, aims to collect donations to help former Trump deputy campaign chairperson Rick Gates with their defense. Gates has pleaded not guilty to eight charges of money laundering and misleading the federal government in bank and foreign lobbying declarations.
The spotlight will shine on Wakefield's vibrant beer scene this weekend.
The district's Campaign for Real Ale branch is bringing many of Wakefield's brewers together under one roof at The Space on Waldorf Way to showcase their wares.
VENUE: The Space, Waldorf Way, off Denby Dale Road, Wakefield.
The festival will have 70 real ales and it hopes to feature every brewery in the district, plus some more from further afield.
There will be breweries from all corners of the district like Horbury to Hamelsworde, of Hemsworth, Revolutions, of Whitwood, and Five Towns, of Outwood, and Morton Collins, of Ryhill.
These range from the bigger independent breweries like Ossett to one-man bands like Tigertops, of Flanshaw.
Wakefield CAMRA has been going for more than 40 years and it has had beer festivals at various venues. Many fondly remember the Wakefield Town Hall days but it hasn't been there for a while.
After a short stint at Lightwaves, the festival moved to The Space, near Ings Road, a few years ago.
You'll be surprised once you step into the warehouse-like building. ‘Like a TARDIS' can be a bit of a cliche but it's well applied here.
In previous years, there have been long and short bars, where you can sample beers from hand pulls or from ‘on gravity' casks on a rack. There are also food and ticket stands. This year music is making a return.
Singer and guitarist La Fox is on tonight, while Banned Brass, part of Crofton Silver Band, will pipe up tomorrow afternoon.
The beer festival is open today from 11am to 4.30pm, when it is free entry. But you will need a £5 ticket for tonight's 5.30pm to 11pm popular session.
These cost £5 and can be bought from the festival's website and at various real ale pubs. Tomorrow's session runs from 11am to 11pm and it is £3 for all day. It will be free entry from 5pm for the final ‘sup up!' See www.wakefieldcamra.org.uk/festival/ for more information.
A MAN has died and a man and a woman have been rescued after a boat capsized south of Sydney early on Anzac Day.
About 9.40am today, emergency services responded to Bate Bay, Cronulla, after reports a boat had capsized.
Camera Icon The three people were treated at the scene. Picture: Channel 7, Seven News
Officers from Sutherland Police Area Command were assisted by the Marine Area Command, PolAir, Westpac Life Saver Rescue Helicopter and Surf Life Saving Australia, and were able to locate the people in they water and bring them ashore.
A man, aged in their 40s, was treated by NSW Ambulance paramedics, but despite their efforts, died at the scene.
Camera Icon A man died at the scene. Picture: Channel 9, Nine News
A man and a woman were also treated at the scene for minor injuries and the capsized vessel was recovered and will undergo forensic examination.
A crime scene has been established and a report will now be prepared for the Coroner.
It is not yet known if the three people rescued were wearing life jackets but the Marine Area Command have urged all people travelling on the water, especially on boats, to always wear a life jacket where appropriate.
Anyone with information which could assist investigators is urged to contact police or Crime Stoppers.
Embarrassment is a key factor preventing people in financial difficulty asking for help, research has revealed. Being unaware of the help available also contributes to delays in seeking advice.
So TV Licensing has today announced the launch of a new interactive online map, to help combat the problem and make it easier for people to find organisations in Northern Ireland offering financial advice.
The map provides locations and details of over 480 partners which can provide support on TV Licensing issues and can be viewed at www.tvlicenceadvice.co.uk
According to the National Debtline1, nearly six in ten (59%) of their clients wait over 6 months before asking for help, while more than four in ten people (44%) wait for a year or more before getting in touch.
In 2017, five percent (5.4%) of callers to the National Debtline, run by the Money Advice Trust, had TV licence debt.
TV Licensing works with more than 400 charities and money advice organisations to give the best advice and information to people who approach them for assistance on staying licenced.
A licence costs £150.50 for the year, but there are payment plans which make it possible to pay in smaller, more manageable chunks.
Sinéad Campbell, Head of Money, Debt & Quality at Advice NI, said: “We often find that people who come forward to discuss their debts are embarrassed and ashamed, with many hiding the truth from family members and close friends.
“Our message is simple. Anyone struggling financially should reach out immediately and seek free, confidential advice from organisations like Advice NI who have experienced representatives to help. Our advice is independent and impartial and we are here to help.”
Karen Grimason, spokesperson for TV Licensing, said: “Our new online map at www.tvlicenceadvice.co.uk gives details of local money advice partners who are there to listen and help with money advice. There are a number of ways to pay for a TV Licence including weekly cash payments from as little as £6 a week, and we are always happy to offer advice to help people find the payment method best suited to them”.
“We are also running a new payment plan trial. More information about eligibility for the Simple Payment Plan is available on our website at https://spp.tvlicensing.co.uk or through money advice organisations”.
A licence is needed to watch or record live TV, on any device including a laptop, tablet or mobile phone. You need to be covered by a TV Licence to watch or record live TV programmes on any channel or device, and to download or watch BBC programmes on iPlayer.
KIEV (Sputnik) — Klimkin and Kurz are expected to discuss the OSCE efforts in the resolution of the Ukrainian conflict as well as the deployment of the OSCE armed mission in Donbass. Meetings with the local authorities and the representatives of the OSCE Special Monitoring Mission to Ukraine are set to be held during the visit of the ministers.
"Ukraine's Foreign Minster Pavlo Klimkin and acting OSCE Chairman, Austria's Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz will pay a working visit to Donetsk region," the statement said.
On January 1, Austria assumed the chairpersonship in the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, with Kurz becoming the acting chairperson of the Organization.
Kiev launched a special military operation in Ukraine's southeast in April 2014, after local residents refused to recognize the new Ukrainian authorities, which came to power as a result of a coup.
In February 2015, the two sides agreed to a ceasefire after talks brokered by the leaders of Russia, France, Germany and Ukraine – the so-called Normandy Format – in the Belarusian capital, Minsk, with the OSCE tasked to monitor the situation in the conflict zone.
Speech to Text for I love Robots event at THCM
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
for the "i love robots" event ... and joins us now with more. the event was held at the terre haute children's museum as part of first fridays. i spoke with one young girl who says they liked driving a robot! nats:robot members of local team -- area 51-88 turned over the controller to their competition robot... to kids! 5 year old eleanor was the first to drive... eleanor says, "i tried to move forward and it was kind of fast." drivers tried to capture a cube... "i was doing left and right, up, down, a lot of stuff." area 5188 is made up of students across vigo county. each year the team works to design and build a robot for competition. the program is aimed at inspiring kids to learn more about science... technology... engineering and math ... but the team captain says it's much more than just that... caleb boutell, area 5188 classified robotics student captain -- robotic team of vigo county says, "but we're also encouraged to be self led, to run our own teams, to have the students make the decisions that go into the robot and not just the coaches." the team also works on out reach. that has them building marble roller coasters and performing popsicle chain reactions to teach others. but the big draw is still the robot. "the younger kids are always super excited to see our robot driving around. it's really cool to see something as big as them moving around, especially when they get to control it themselves. it's really cool." area 51-88 can spend up to 5- thousand dollars on the robot -- according to a coach... and they accept donations. other high schoolers are also welcome to join. a new traveling exhibit at the children's museum
Current wildfire policy can't adequately protect people, homes and ecosystems from the longer, hotter fire seasons climate change is causing, according to a new paper led by the University of Colorado Boulder.
Efforts to extinguish every blaze and reduce the buildup of dead wood and forest undergrowth are becoming increasingly inadequate on their own. Instead, the authors -- a team of wildfire experts -- urge policymakers and communities to embrace policy reform that will promote adaptation to increasing wildfire and warming.
"Wildfire is catching up to us," said lead author Tania Schoennagel, a research scientist at CU Boulder's Institute of Arctic and Alpine Research. "We're learning our old tools aren't enough and we need to approach wildfire differently."
This means accepting wildfire as an inevitable part of the landscape, states the new paper published today in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
The western U.S. has seen a 2-degrees-Celsius rise in annual average temperature and lengthening of the fire season by almost three months since the 1970s; both elements contribute to what the authors refer to as the "new era of western wildfires." This pattern of bigger, hotter fires, along with the influx of homes into fire-prone areas--over 2 million since 1990--has made wildfire vastly more costly and dangerous.
"For a long time, we've thought that if we try harder and do better, we can get ahead of wildfire and reduce the risks," said Schoennagel, who also is an adjunct faculty member in CU Boulder's Geography Department. "We can no longer do that. This is bigger than us and we're going to have to adapt to wildfire rather than the other way around."
As part of this adaptation process, the authors advocate for actions that may be unpopular, such as allowing more fires to burn largely unimpeded in wildland areas and intentionally setting more fires, or "controlled burns," to reduce natural fuels like undergrowth in more developed areas. Both these steps would reduce future risk and help ecosystems adapt to increasing wildfire and warming.
They also argue for reforming federal, state and local policies that have the unintended consequence of encouraging people to develop in fire-prone areas. Currently, federal taxpayers pick up the tab for preventing and fighting western wildfires--a cost that has averaged some $2 billion a year in recent years. If states and counties were to bear more of that cost, it would provide incentive to adopt planning efforts and fire-resistant building codes that would reduce risk.
Re-targeting forest thinning efforts is another beneficial reform suggested by the authors. The federal government has spent some $5 billion since 2006 on thinning dense forests and removing fuel from some 7 million hectares (17 million acres) of land, often in remote areas. But these widespread efforts have done little to reduce record-setting fires. Directing thinning projects to particularly high-risk areas, including communities in fire-prone regions and forests in particularly dry areas, would increase adaptation to wildfire, the authors said.
Additionally, as climate change forces species to move their ranges, some may vanish entirely. Familiar landscapes will disappear, a fact that makes many people balk. But such changes, including those caused by wildfire, could be necessary for the environment in the long run, says Max Moritz, a fire scientist at the University of California Cooperative Extension and a co-author on the paper. "We need the foresight to help guide these ecosystems in a healthy direction now so they can adjust in pace with our changing climate," they said. "That means embracing some changes while we have a window to do so."
Critical to making a policy of adaptation successful, said Schoennagel, will be education and changing people's perception of wildfire. "We have to learn that wildfire is inevitable, in the same way that droughts and flooding are. We've tried to control fire, but it's not a control we can maintain. Like other natural disasters, we have to learn to adapt."
###
A religious sister is seen comforting a sick woman in 2016 at Snehadam Old Age Home in Gurgaon, India. (CNS photo/courtesy John E. Kozar, CNEWA)
VATICAN CITY (CNS) -- The Catholic Church's care for the sick, especially through Catholic-run hospitals, is an antidote to "the business mentality that is seeking worldwide to turn health care into a profit-making enterprise," Pope Francis said.
In their message for World Day of the Sick, Feb. 11, the pope urged Catholics individually and as a community to continue to provide loving care for the sick.
The church marks the day each year on the feast of Our Lady of Lourdes, and Pope Francis' message for 2018 had a strong Marian focus, emphasizing the church's maternal mission to provide for the spiritual and physical needs of all people.
"May our prayers to the Mother of God see us united in an incessant plea that every member of the church may live with love the vocation to serve life and health," they prayed.
The church's motherly concern for the sick has been clear throughout its history and continues today, the pope said. "In countries where adequate public health care systems exist, the work of Catholic religious congregations and dioceses and their hospitals is aimed not only at providing quality medical care, but also at putting the human person at the center of the healing process, while carrying out scientific research with full respect for life and for Christian moral values."
Perhaps more heroically, they said, "in countries where health care systems are inadequate or non-existent, the church seeks to do what they can to improve health, eliminate infant mortality and combat widespread disease."
"The image of the church as a 'field hospital' that welcomes all those wounded by life is a very concrete reality, for in some parts of the world, missionary and diocesan hospitals are the only institutions providing necessary care to the population," they noted.
In rich and poor countries alike, they said, the church focuses on caring for the sick even when a cure is not possible.
Pope Francis urged Catholic health care institutions and individual doctors, nurses and staff members to remember the church's tradition of generous care for the sick and renew their commitment to continuing that kind of loving service.
But especially on the World Day of the Sick, they said, "we cannot forget the tender love and perseverance of many families in caring for their chronically sick or severely disabled children, parents and relatives. The care given within families is an extraordinary witness of love for the human person; it needs to be fittingly acknowledged and supported by suitable policies."
Similarly to many other countries, the US did not decide on its name after a careful selection process; instead, its name was somewhat randomly bestowed upon it by an outsider.
GATLINBURG (WATE) – A new television ad is reaching out to potential tourists, reassuring them that Gatlinburg and its attractions are still open after the wildfires.
The ad from the Gatlinburg Convention and Visitor Bureau hit the airwaves last month in communities that send visitors to Gatlinburg. Marketing Director Chad Netherland says the spot came from research about the perception of Gatlinburg after the fires.
“If the perception was that the town was more damaged, then we would put a different spot in there to really raise awareness to that the town really is standing strong and there wasn't much damage at all in the downtown areas and the places they love – the attractions, the great restaurants, the park – all the various things they love to see is still here,” said Netherland.
The people seen in the ad offering testimonials are actually visitors from the communities they mention, according to the bureau. The spot also features Mayor Mike Werner inviting people to see “what hasn't changed in Gatlinburg.”
March 30 Mamezou Holdings Co Ltd :
* Says its wholly owned unit Open Stream, Inc. will undertake the merger with another wholly owned unit MENOX Co,Ltd.
* Says MENOX Co,Ltd. will be dissolved after the merger
* Says effective Aug. 1
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/1ppz3Z
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Scientists have different opinions about whether sex addiction should be considered a clinical condition or not. Some of them are confident that a constant desire for sex can have negative consequences for human health.
Scientists from the University of New England found that 3-6 percent of the population have problems curbing their sexual desire.
Their level of sexual activity may vary, but all of them struggle to control their sexual behavior, what often causes lots of suffering and leads to emotional disorders, Michael Walton, one of the university's researchers argued.
"One of my case studies was married but involved in swinging with their husband," the researcher said, as quoted by newscom.au. "They would sleep with multiple people, up to 20 in a weekend, and that person is mostly OK, there may just occasionally be some unease or fatigue. Then you've got someone else who's watching quite a lot of porn and masturbating. You've got someone whose output is way above someone who's feeling distressed," they continued.
Sexual addiction not always implies a certain amount of sex or masturbation — it's about whether their or their behavior makes the person anxious, causing serious discomfort, according to the analyst.
For instance, in one of the new studies a young man experienced up to 50 orgasms a day when they were 15.
Their hypersexualitity totally exhausted him, caused emotional problems and resulted in severe clinical depression.
"Porn is like cocaine," the young man, now 19, said. "I feel addicted and I can't stop."
Scientists still have different stances toward whether sexual addiction should be considered a clinical disorder.
Some of them view it as a symptom of a personality disorder that might be associated with other similar conditions, such as drug or alcohol addiction.
Moreover, scientists argue, that the aspiration to get pleasure at all costs might lead not only to psychological problems, but also to physical traumas of genital organs.
SANTIAGO, Chile (AP) — Eight retired soldiers have been sentenced to 18 years in prison for one of the most emblematic murders of Chile's military dictatorship: the murder of folk singer Victor Jara and a government official.
The office of the court system announced the ruling on Tuesday, and it said a ninth veteran was sentenced to five years for cover-up.
Jara, a popular singer and university professor, was a fervent supporter of Marxist President Salvador Allende and they were seized only hours after Gen. Augusto Pinochet assaulted the presidential palace and overthrew Allende on Sept. 11, 1973.
Jara was taken to a stadium, where thousands of prisoners were being held. Their hands and head were beaten and they were shot with at least 44 bullets as a warning to those who challenged Pinochet's authority.
Advertisement
Allende's prisons chief Littre Quiroga also was tortured and killed at the stadium, apparently because of alleged mistreatment of an officer who had earlier attempted a coup.
Jara and Quiroga were among the earliest of more than 3,000 suspected leftists slain during the 1973-90 dictatorship of Gen. Augusto Pinochet.
The bodies of the two men were dumped on a dusty street near the Metropolitan Cemetery and taken to the morgue, where someone recognized Jara and secretly informed their wife, the British dancer Joan Turner Jara.
The family managed to have their body exhumed for an autopsy in 2009.
Judge Miguel Vasquez imposed the sentences on Hugo Sanchez Marmonti, Raul Jofre Gonzalez, Edwin Dimter Bianchi, Nelson Haase Mazzei, Ernesto Bethke Wulf, Juan Jara Quintana, Hernan Chacon Soto and Patricio Vásquez Donoso to 15 years for the killings and three more for kidnapping them.
Rolando Melo Silva was sentenced to five years. The sentences can be appealed.
Chilean officials are seeking the extradition of a tenth former soldier, retired Lt. Pedro Barrientos, who emigrated to Florida and in 2016 lost a civil damages suit filed on behalf of Jara's family. They have denied any role in the deaths.
The stadium where Jara was killed has since been renamed in their honor.
“We're in a transitional period, but one thing you can guarantee is that most us know what it takes in the knockout stages.”
Jackie Agnew was once referred to as half of ‘the terrible twins' couplet. Himself and Niall Conlon have been almost inseparable since childhood. However, they may have a new title for himself, and one of their own choosing this time.
When their pre-championship forecast was put to them by The Democrat, they chuckled, saying ‘call me Mystic Jackie', they said. But did they actually conceive that a championship challenge was possible considering their poor start to the campaign?
“Yes and no,” they said.
“I was saying this to Paddy not too long ago. We had a rough enough start to the league where lads maybe weren't at 100% commitment after being relegated and it was hard to get everyone together.
“But you could see in the last couple of games in the league that we were hitting championship form and that progressed into the championship.
“We knew we were going to do ok in the championship and people could say that we maybe got lucky with the group, but the Togher game was by no means an easy game.
“People probably didn't calculate that we were only down from senior so we were used to that level of football, especially compared to the level. That's just Louth football for you.
“Take the Sean O'Mahony's, they could have won an Intermediate All-Ireland and the following year people just expected them to reach a quarter-final of the senior at best. But they reached a final and people were still doubting them the following year and the went on to win it.
“Teams build like that and it goes against the perceptions that people have sometimes.
“We were in very poor form at the start of the year, but we came good at the right time and now everyone is jumping on board and we have more swimmers than ever.
“We're not asking for credit, that's not what we're in it for, but we just want to have that belief in ourselves that we can rectify what went wrong last year,” Agnew added.
However, one thing Agnew concedes it that the tables have turned since 2012 in the sense that the Clans hold ‘the bridesmaids' tag which haunted the O'Connell's season-after-season. It was what eventually drove them to glory, the source of their determination.
“In 2012, we had the bridesmaids tag pushing us because we kept being told that we just couldn't take that extra step.
“It's the same with the Clans. They have all been there before and been written off. They're the hot red favourites, but it's more than likely going to be a game of 20 vs 20 and whoever is that bit hungrier will win it on the day.
“Hand on heart, there are not enough championship finals in any players' career and it's about trying to make them count.
“This is my third chance. I came on in 2006 and hit the post shortly afterwards and I had a point to prove to myself in 2012 after that.
“I had to better that and I ended up going on to be the Man of the Match. This year the motivation is different in the group, the senior lads have something (a championship medal) and the younger lads want it.
“And I can guarantee you will see an O'Connell's team leaving everything on the field for the first 30 minutes, regrouping at half-time and going again. This won't be an easy game for the Clans,” Agnew said with defiance.
Ahead of this year's 24 Hours of Le Mans, the business duo of Ben Keating and Giuseppe Risi have joined forces to compete under the Keating Motorsport/Risi Competizione racing banner as they strive for LM GTE Am success.
Keating will be joined by Jeroen Bleekmolen and Luca Stolz in the cockpit of the #85 Ferrari 488 GTE for the 24-hour event.
Race engineer for the team, Rick Mayer, expressed the importance of the Le Mans test this weekend. With the Circuit de la Sarthe being constructed predominantly of public roads, the only time running is available on the full circuit is when official tests / sessions are hosted. This weekend will prove invaluable to all the teams competing in this year's Le Mans as they will collect track specific data for their cars.
Talking about their plans for the test this weekend, Mayer said: “Telemetry coverage, we hope, will be near perfect this year; we had good coverage last year. Radio and telemetry coverage are always a concern here as the track covers so much area.
“It takes nearly 15 minutes just to do one timed lap if you include the ‘out' and ‘in' laps.
“We have a total of eight hours of practice time for the Test day but the number of actual practice laps is low in comparison to a normal USA (or European) sprint race because of the long lap time.
“It almost always rains in testing and/or the race, just hope you have the setup and other essential testing sorted in the dry running.”
The Keating / Risi team will be in a field of tough competition this year, with 13 other cars in their class fighting for glory. The test will probably not show any of the Am-entries true pace as the BoP has not been locked down yet, meaning that this could change before the prestigious event in June.
With only two four-hour sessions available for testing before the cars return to the French circuit for the main event, each moment will be precious to teams.
They will be striving to achieve the perfect set up and have all three drivers content with the feel of the car before the chequered flag.
With a limit on tyres as well, this also presents itself as a good chance for teams to begin to gather an understanding of how the tyres will wear on their cars.
The Keating / Risi team will be focusing predominantly on race set up this weekend, wanting to have the car ready to go racing by the end of the test so that they can show up to race week and only focus on finding pace and going fast.
They hope to have a good test, ending with a reliable car, so that they can use the remaining few weeks between now at the main race to work on strategy and show up to Le Mans in mid June fully ready to take on the 24-hour challenge.
FILE PHOTO: Kim Jong Nam arrives at Beijing airport in Beijing, China, in this photo taken by Kyodo February 11, 2007. Mandatory credit Kyodo/via REUTERS /Files
KUALA LUMPUR The body of Kim Jong Nam, who was murdered in Malaysia last month, is still in Kuala Lumpur, health minister Subramaniam Sathasivam said on Tuesday, amid reports the remains of the estranged half brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un will soon leave the country.
What Malaysia eventually does with the body, and how far it pursues three North Koreans wanted for questioning, and believed to be hiding in the North Korean embassy, are central to negotiations to resolve a diplomatic row between the two formerly friendly governments, sources aware of the talks have told Reuters.
Malaysia is trying to secure the release of nine nationals who have been stranded in Pyongyang after North Korea, angered by the suspicion cast by the police investigation, imposed a travel ban on Malaysians leaving its borders.
In response, Malaysia imposed a tit-for-tat travel ban, and called on North Korea to immediately release all its citizens.
There was speculation that some deal had been worked out on Monday, sparking media reports that the body was moved out of the hospital to a funeral parlour, and later was being prepared to be taken on a flight to Beijing.
Malaysia's New Straits Times newspaper reported on Tuesday that the body was expected to go from Beijing to North Korea, without disclosing its source for the information.
But the health minister said the situation was unchanged.
"We have to check with the forensics department if there was any requirement to bring the body out, but as far as we are concerned there is no change in status quo," Subramaniam told reporters.
Subramaniam said the ministry cannot do anything with the body until they are given instructions by "those responsible for the body."
"But the next of kin have not come forward to provide assistance on how the body is to be treated," they said.
China's Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying said they had noted the reports about talks between Malaysia and North Korea, but did not know any details.
"We hope that the relevant parties can appropriately resolve the issue via dialogue and consultation," they told a daily news briefing.
Subramaniam said the negotiations were being held by the ministry of foreign affairs and the Prime Minister's department, but the government has otherwise declined to comment.
Kim Jong Nam was murdered on Feb. 13, when Malaysian police say two women smeared super toxic VX nerve agent on their face at the budget terminal of Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
Kim's body has since been at a morgue in Kuala Lumpur, with Malaysia saying it will only hand it over to the next-of-kin.
U.S. and South Korean officials say the North Korean regime was behind the murder of Kim Jong Nam, who had been living in exile in Macau and had criticised their family's dynastic rule of North Korea in the past.
Two women, an Indonesian and a Vietnamese, were charged for the murder. Both have claimed they were unwitting pawns in an assassination that U.S. officials and South Korean intelligence have said was organised by North Korean agents.
(Reporting by Joseph Sipalan; Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard in Beijing; Writing by Praveen Menon and A. Ananthalakshmi; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
A judge has approved the release of actor Allison Mack on a $5 million bond, days after the former “Smallville” star was arrested on Friday for their alleged role in a sex trafficking case, a spokesperson for the United States Attorney's Office told CNN.
The spokesperson could not confirm whether Mack had been released as of Tuesday afternoon.
The actor was later seen leaving jail, according to media reports.
Mack will be under house arrest in California and must wear an electronic monitoring device, the official added.
Mack's attorneys have not responded to CNN's request for comment.
Mack's approved release comes on the same day it came to light that their attorneys are in the process of negotiating a possible plea deal with prosecutors, according to public filings.
The documents, signed by a judge last week and obtained by CNN, indicate a “reasonable likelihood” that the plea negotiations will “result in a disposition of this case without trial.”
Mack was indicted last week on charges of sex trafficking, sex trafficking conspiracy and forced labor conspiracy, according to a statement released by the Justice Department.
Mack's charges relate to their alleged involvement with an organization called Nxivm (pronounced NEX-ium), an Albany, New York-based group that claimed to be a self-help program but was, in reality, a pyramid scheme in which some recruits were exploited sexually and for their labor, prosecutors allege in court filings.
Mack pleaded not guilty.
As part of their release, Mack is prohibited from contacting or associating with any present or former members of Nxivm, the U.S. Attorney's Office official told CNN.
Nxivm's founder, Keith Raniere, also known within the group as Vanguard, is also fighting charges.
Mack, 35, is professionally best known for their role as Clark Kent's confidant Chloe Sullivan on CW's “Smallville,” which ran for 10 seasons.
The case
The allegations made against Mack and Raniere stem from what officials say were activities that took place as part of a secret society within Nxivm called “DOS,” in which women recruited others under false pretenses to perform sexual acts.
Women who successfully recruited were called “masters” within the group, while others were referred to as “slaves.”
The indictment claims many so-called slaves were branded on their pelvic areas with a symbol which, unbeknownst to them, incorporated Raniere's initials.
Raniere was the only male in DOS and the leader, according to court filings.
Raniere's attorneys have not responded to CNN's request for comment.
A statement posted on the homepage for the Nxivm website says the group is “working with the authorities to demonstrate [Raniere's] innocence and true character.”
“We strongly believe the justice system will prevail in bringing the truth to light,” the statement reads.
If convicted of the crimes charged, Raniere and Mack each face mandatory minimum sentences of 15 years imprisonment, and up to life imprisonment.
CONNACHT CAPTAIN JOHN Muldoon is desperate to finish their career with a highlight performance this Saturday as they prepare for life after the Sportsground.
Muldoon will put a cap on their Connacht career after Leinster come to Galway in the final round of the PRO14. It represents an opportunity for Connacht to beat all three Irish provincial rivals at home in one season for the first time in their history.
The 35-year-old Portumna native will depart for Ashton Gate ahead of next season where they will once again link up with Pat Lam at Bristol.
Lam was head coach at Connacht when Muldoon lifted the PRO12 title after a 20-10 win over Leinster in the Grand Final at Murrayfield in May 2016.
“I spoke to Kieran Keane in November. I told them I was retiring and I was looking to get a coaching role outside of Connacht. And KK said it would be a good option for me, to break the chord,” said Muldoon.
Emotionally to get away from Connacht and experience something different, a new league, different people, it's a huge opportunity for me.
“The fact that I know Pat Lam already will help. I know Conor McPhillips as well. Going into a job where I know two people will make that transition easier.
“It's a huge couple of months and some big changes. It lessens the blow for me that I am walking out of professionalism and going into the next best thing to playing rugby.”
Muldoon has played 326 games for the province in their 15-year career in Galway, and they will become defence coach for the English Premiership side. They didn't set out to become a legend of the west, but despite tempting lucrative contract offers along the way, here they are.
“I'm proudest of being a one-club man. Staying here when there were a lot of dark clouds. It would have killed me not to be a part of a team that lifted a trophy,” said Muldoon.
Source: James Crombie/INPHO
“I had the opportunity to go (elsewhere) in Ireland, England and a couple of places in France. Maybe if I was a little bit older I might have taken the French option. It was definitely more lucrative to go elsewhere.
“I am 35 years of age, I have probably got 30 years to go out and make some money. I have memories with friends and family. The pride of where I am from, which probably has affected my bank balance.
But life is for living. If I was stuck in an apartment down in the south of France I might have had huge regrets, if I wasn't a part of that day a couple of years ago.
“I can rest east at night knowing that I have enjoyed myself the utmost in Connacht Rugby. It is hard to put it into words but it's something I will miss massively.”
COLUMBUS, Ohio--An area of West Antarctica more than twice the size of California partially melted in 2016 when warm winds forced by an especially strong El Nino blew over the continent, an international group of researchers has determined.
In the June 15 issue of the journal Nature Communications, they report that the warm spell persisted for more than two weeks in January 2016. Satellite data revealed a mix of melted snow and ice over most of the Ross Ice Shelf--a thick platform of floating ice that channels about a third of the ice flowing from the West Antarctic Ice Sheet into the ocean.
While researchers have been gathering evidence for years that warm ocean water is melting West Antarctic ice shelves from beneath, this is one of the first times they've been able to document how warm air could also cause widespread melting from above.
As it happens, researchers had installed the necessary instruments to investigate these processes in West Antarctica only a few weeks earlier, as part of a study to better understand how clouds affect the amount of energy that reaches the snow surface and influence its temperature.
"We were extraordinarily fortunate to be able to deploy state-of-the art equipment to West Antarctica just before this large melt event occurred," said Dan Lubin, principal investigator of the Atmospheric Radiation Measurement (ARM) West Antarctic Radiation Experiment (AWARE). Lubin is a research physicist at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in La Jolla, California and a coauthor of the Nature Communications study.
"These atmospheric measurements will help geophysical scientists develop better physical models for projecting how the Antarctic ice sheet might respond to a changing climate and influence sea level rise," Lubin added.
Julien Nicolas, lead author of the paper, is a research associate at the Byrd Polar and Climate Research Center (BPCRC) at The Ohio State University. He's part of the OSU team that provides weather and climate analysis for AWARE.
When Nicolas got a January 2016 alert from the AWARE expedition that the weather at their campsite atop of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet had turned unseasonably warm, they checked to see in the satellite data what was happening to the rest of West Antarctica.
The presence of water in the snow is often hard to detect from visible satellite imagery, especially if clouds block the view. Instead, Nicolas analyzed satellite measurements of the microwave radiation emitted by the snowpack, since dry and wet snows have very different microwave signatures.
What they saw during the melting event was an area of roughly 300,000 square miles, including most of the Ross Ice Shelf, that likely contained a mix of snow and water.
"What probably happened is that the surface snowpack was able to contain the meltwater, acting as a buffer and preventing the formation of melt ponds and streams that can be common on some Antarctic ice shelves," Nicolas said, "but we cannot rule out the presence of standing water in many locations."
What makes this event particularly interesting to scientists is that it took place during one of the strongest El Nino events on record.
"This conjunction of events was no coincidence," they said.
During an El Nino, warm waters from the equatorial Pacific Ocean move east. El Ninos also favor weather patterns that steer warm air towards West Antarctica, but strong westerly winds that blow over the ocean to the north of the continent usually keep the warmer air at bay.
BPCRC senior research associate Aaron Wilson, also a coauthor on the study, used climate models to show that melt events in West Antarctica are more likely to occur during El Nino conditions, especially when westerly winds are weak. What makes this January 2016 event unique, they explained, is that the warming occurred despite strong westerly winds.
"Without the strong westerlies, it's likely there would have been much more melting," Wilson said.
Coauthor David Bromwich, professor of geography and leader of the Ohio State team, explained it this way: "In West Antarctica, we have a tug-of-war going on between the influence of El Ninos and the westerly winds, and it looks like the El Ninos are winning," they said. "It's a pattern that is emerging. And because we expect stronger, more frequent El Ninos in the future with a warming climate, we can expect more major surface melt events in West Antarctica."
More frequent melting would accelerate the general deterioration of the ice sheet, they concluded.
###
Co-authors on the paper include former Ohio State master's student Jonathan Wille, who served as a weather observer in West Antarctica in January 2016; Ryan Scott and Lynn Russell of Scripps Institution of Oceanography; Andrew Vogelmann of Brookhaven National Laboratory; Maria Cadeddu of Argonne National Laboratory; Johannes Verlinde of Penn State; Colin Jenkinson and Gregory Stone of the Australian Bureau of Meteorology; and Heath Powers and Maciej Ryczek of Los Alamos National Laboratory.
This research was funded by the National Science Foundation, the Department of Energy and NASA.
Contact: Dan Lubin, (858) 534-6369; dlubin@ucsd.edu
David Bromwich, (614) 292-6692; Bromwich.1@osu.edu
Julien Nicolas, (614) 247-6789; Nicolas.7@osu.edu
Media contacts:
(Ohio State) Pam Frost Gorder, (614) 292-9475; Gorder.1@osu.edu
(Scripps) Lauren Fimbres Wood (858) 534-3626; lmwood@ucsd.edu
Hawaii Five O executive producer Peter Lenkov is giving little teasers on Instagram, ahead of next month's new season. We see H50's favorite British agent, Harry Langford, played by Chris Vance, is back. In a clip where there is the usual McG-Danno bromance, Harry Langford says something that catches the two off guard. Season 8 begins September 29 on KGMB.
A bronze statue of Hawaii entertainer Don Ho was unveiled in Waikiki yesterday, on what would have been the legendary performer's 87th birthday. They launched their career at a nightclub at the International Market Place back in the 1960's. The sculpture, created by Honolulu artist Kim Duffett, commemorates Ho's contributions to Hawaiian music and history. The festivities included musical performances, story telling and a hula show.
Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson has made some ink alterations. Their signature Brahma Bull tattoo - a symbol of their WWE reign - has been replaced. On Instagram, they called it the "Evolution of the bull. Blood, sweat & years. After 3 sessions and 22 hours of tattooing with world renowned @NikkoHurtado, the story's almost done. Every detail is a reflection of my own personal history. "
Now to a celebrity sighting in Hawaii! Entertainer Hillary Duff stopped by the Lanai Cat Sanctuary Sunday. The former Disney channel star was with their son Luca. The Lanai cat sanctuary is home to over 550 felines.
Copyright 2017. Hawaii News Now. All Rights Reserved.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict them on rape and other sex charges.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict them on rape and other sex charges.
Authorities say at least two people injured when a crane collapses in a Florida neighborhood.
Authorities say at least two people injured when a crane collapses in a Florida neighborhood.
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane...
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane...
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges they initially filed against them were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges they initially filed against them were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
Poll: More young people say politicians care what they think
Poll: More young people say politicians care what they think
By DAN GELSTON
AP Sports Writer
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - The Philadelphia 76ers are investigating whether team president Bryan Colangelo used a variety of Twitter accounts to anonymously trash some of their own players and fellow executives and defend themselves against criticism from fans and the sports media.
The allegations, reported Tuesday by the sports website The Ringer , raised questions about Colangelo's future and that of the NBA team itself, a rising franchise heading into perhaps its most important summer ever as it tries to attract free agents to contend for championships.
The five Twitter accounts under suspicion took aim at Philadelphia players Joel Embiid and Markelle Fultz, former Sixers general manager Sam Hinkie, Toronto Raptors executive Masai Ujiri and former Sixers players Jahlil Okafor and Nerlens Noel, according to The Ringer.
Among other things, the user or users of the accounts complained that Embiid, the 24-year-old All-Star center, was "playing like a toddler having tantrums" and was "a bit lazy," ''selfish" and "acting like a tool."
The user of one of the accounts claimed to know Colangelo and described them more than once as a "class act." The tweets also raised the question of whether Colangelo used the anonymous accounts to divulge team strategy and details about players' medical conditions.
Colangelo acknowledged using one of the accounts to monitor the NBA industry and other current events but said they aren't familiar with the four others.
"The allegations are serious and we have commenced an independent investigation into the matter," the Sixers said Wednesday in a statement. "We will report the results of that investigation as soon as it is concluded."
Embiid, Philly's franchise star, made a few wisecracks about the furor for their 1.4 million Twitter followers before standing up for Colangelo.
"All jokes asides I don't believe the story," they tweeted. "That would be just insane."
The Ringer said it had been monitoring the accounts since February, when it received an anonymous tip. It said it found numerous connections among the accounts that suggested the same person was behind them.
The Ringer said it initially asked the Sixers about just two of the accounts, and the same day the three others were suddenly made private.
For the Sixers, the first order of business is determining whether the accounts are, in fact, Colangelo's.
The Sixers had at least 20 impostors accounts shut down this season with people pretending to be Colangelo, a person familar with the investigation told The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the probe is not over.
If the investigation shows that Colangelo is in any way connected to the accounts, the organization's reputation would be heavily damaged as it tries to chase big free agents like LeBron James, Paul George or other All-Stars.
Colangelo, the son of longtime sports executive Jerry Colangelo, was hired as president of basketball operations in 2016 after Hinkie abruptly resigned. Hinkie was the architect behind what the team calls The Process - the long-term tearing down and rebuilding of the Sixers.
Colangelo previously served as Raptors general manager. They lost their job there after Toronto missed the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season, and Ujiri took over basketball operations.
According to The Ringer, one of the Twitter accounts it connected to Colangelo bristled at the suggestion that Hinkie deserved credit for the Sixers' turnaround.
"BC has done nothing but clean up hinkie's mess," the account user wrote in January 2017, referring to Colangelo. Another post lamented that Ujiri hadn't done anything to make the Raptors better.
Colangelo has been blamed by Philly fans for the so-far disastrous deal that brought Fultz to the Sixers. One of the accounts that The Ringer linked to Colangelo blamed Fultz's poor performance on their longtime trainer and their "so-called mentor/father figure."
Colangelo was likewise criticized when Noel was sent to the Dallas Mavericks in 2017. The Twitter accounts defended the trade, describing Noel as a "selfish punk" who was "behaving like a vulture" and was "bad for locker room."
"Bc is class act not a bad guy," the Twitter user added.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Galway 2-18
Laois 0-17
TWO FIRST-HALF GOALS from Conor Whelan proved crucial as All-Ireland champions Galway did just enough to see off the brave challenge of Laois in O'Moore Park.
For the second week in-a-row Galway were sluggish and following on from last week's unimpressive win over Antrim, they were put to the pin of their collar by Laois for long stages.
The home side, inspired by captain Ross King who hit 12 points, put in a fine display and could point to the controversial sending off of James Ryan just before half-time as a huge moment in the match.
Ryan picked up a second yellow in the same off-the-ball incident that saw Galway's Greg Lally sent off – but they furiously protested their innocence amid claims of mistaken identity.
Whelan's second goal moments later helped the visitors to a 2-6 to 0-10 half-time lead that they scarcely deserved.
Playing with the strong breeze, Laois had been very impressive prior to that with King in top form and Willie Dunphy also firing over two good points from play.
The second half continued in much the same style. A string of King frees had Laois level by the 45th minute but Galway had that greater scoring power that proved crucial and a run of scores from Conor Cooney, Joe Cooney, Padraig Mannion, Sean Linnane, Aidan Harte and Whelan was enough to help them maintain their winning start.
A two-week break now ensues for both sides with Galway keen to pick it up ahead of clashes with Wexford, Dublin and Offaly while Laois have Antrim, Offaly and Dublin still to come
Scorers for Laois: Ross King 0-12 (7f, 1 '65), Willie Dunphy 0-2, Eric Killeen 0-1, Enda Rowland 0-1 (f), Mark Kavanagh 0-1.
Scorers for Galway: Conor Whelan 2-1, Aidan Harte 0-4, Conor Cooney 0-3 (2f), Padraig Mannion 0-3 (2f), Joe Cooney 0-3, Davey Glennon 0-1, Padraig Breheny 0-1, Sean Linnane 0-1, Johnny Coen 0-1.
Laois
1. Enda Rowland
2. Donncha Hartnett
3. Leigh Bergin
4. Lee Cleere
5. Podge Lawlor
6. Matthew Whelan
7. Eric Killeen
8. Paddy Purcell
9. James Ryan
10. Aidan Corby
11. Ben Conroy
12. Cian Taylor
13. Ross King
14. Neil Foyle
15. Willie Dunphy
Subs
James Keyes for Corby (half-time)
Sean Downey for Taylor (half-time)
Mark Kavanagh for Conroy (52 mins)
Paddy McCane for Foyle (56 mins)
Joe Phelan for Cleere (67 mins)
Galway
1. James Skehill
2. Adrian Tuohy
3. John Hanbury
4. Shane Bannon
5. Greg Lally
6. Padraig Mannion
7. Aidan Harte
8. Johnny Coen
9. Padraig Breheny
10. Sean Linnane
11. Joseph Cooney
12. Cathal Mannion
13. Conor Whelan
14. Conor Cooney
15. Davey Glennon.
Subs
Brian Concannon for C Mannion (50 mins)
Niall Burke for C Cooney (59 mins)
Shane Cooney for Linnane (60 mins)
Referee: Patrick Murphy (Carlow)
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
In this episode of Hard Facts, former UK Ambassador to Syria, Peter Ford dismantles the Amnesty International Report on the Syrian Saydnaya prison and highlights its many problems. Together with John Wight they dig deeper into the origins of Amnesty International as an organization and explore what other motives may be behind this report.
Also they look to the future of the resolution of the Syrian conflict; the draft resolution proposed by Russia and what we can expect from the upcoming talks in Geneva.
We'd love to get your feedback at radio@sputniknews.com.
Have you heard the news? Sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
As part of a breast-cancer diagnosis, doctors analyze the tumor to determine which therapies might best attack the malignancy. But for patients whose cancer is triple-negative -- that is, lacking receptors for estrogen, progesterone and Her2 -- the options for treatment dwindle. Triple-negative cancers, or TNBC, also tend to be more aggressive than other cancer subtypes.
While it is known that defects in mitochondria, the cells' energy generators, are associated with the initiation of breast cancers, it is currently unclear whether alterations in mitochondrial DNA or mitochondrial function contributes to TNBC metastasis or to their notorious resistance to chemotherapy.
New findings from a study led by researchers at the University of Pennsylvania have made inroads into a strategy to identify TNBC tumors at risk for metastasis, and eventually target these cancers with drugs. The work, which compared the metabolic profiles of different cancer sub-types, identified patterns associated with aggressive triple-negative breast cancers that point to the possibility for more accurate risk assessment and personalized treatment.
"Currently there is no molecular diagnostic to identify which TNBC patients might be poor responders to available chemotherapies," said Manti Guha, a research assistant professor in Penn's School of Veterinary Medicine. "By identifying unique mitochondrial defects and alterations in metabolic gene expression in the most aggressive subset of tumors, this study provides new molecular biomarkers that could identify the aggressive subset of TNBCs and more importantly offer these patients promising options for treatment."
"The role of mitochondria in disease has been largely overlooked in western medicine," added Douglas Wallace, director of the Center for Mitochondrial and Epigenomic Medicine at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia and a mentor and collaborator of Guha's who was not an author on the paper. "Manti's work is transformative for this particular cancer because by identifying what is different about the mitochondrial energy system in triple-negative breast cancer compared to other, less dangerous forms of breast cancer gives us a real window into how we might intervene."
Guha's coauthors on the study, which appears in the journal BBA: Molecular Basis of Disease, were Penn Vet's Satish Srinivasan, Dawei Dong, Rumela Chakrabarti and Narayan G. Avadhani; Mike Feldman and Russ P. Carstens of Penn's Perelman School of Medicine; the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia's Pichai Raman and Deanne Taylor; the University of Pittsburgh's Yuefu Jiang and Brett A. Kaufman; Kagohsima University's Yuko Kijima; and Columbia University's Martin Picard.
In an earlier report, Guha and colleagues had shown that, by experimentally inducing mitochondrial dysfunction, breast cancer cells can be reprogrammed towards metastasis.
"We have known for almost a century that, compared to normal cells, tumors have impaired mitochondrial functions and metabolic reprogramming," Guha said. "I was interested in identifying if there were differences in mitochondrial signatures among breast-tumor subtypes and if this variability in mitochondrial genome and functions among patient tumors can help identify cancer patients who are at an increased risk for metastasis."
The researchers made use of tissue samples from patients with different breast-cancer subtypes, defined cancer lines and previously collected genomic data representing 825 breast cancer patients. Screening for mitochondrial DNA copy numbers, they found that patients who had more advanced disease were more likely to have the lowest mtDNA copy numbers. They also found clear patterns in mtDNA copy numbers between breast-cancer subtypes, with triple-negative cancers having the most reduced copy numbers. Additional screening revealed an imbalance in a particular sequence of mtDNA that was prevalent in triple-negative tumors but not in other breast tumor subtypes.
"This particular mtDNA sequence imbalance is fairly unique and has not been reported in cancers," Guha said. "This could potentially be used to stratify patients into different risk categories."
Examining breast-cancer cell lines, they found differences in oxygen consumption between triple-negative and other cancer subtypes, indicating impaired cellular respiration and thus mitochondrial function in those cells.
In a broad screen of 84 genes related to metabolism, a process that mitochondria regulate, the researchers found clear patterns that characterized triple-negative tumors from other breast-tumor subtypes. These genes could serve as potential therapeutic targets for intervention, or as biomarkers to identify breast tumors that are more likely to metastasize, the researchers noted.
"We observed unique mitochondrial aberrations in TNBCs which can serve as a diagnostic marker of TNBC metastasis and be utilized to improved combined chemotherapeutic or individualized approaches," Guha said.
To build on these findings, Guha and colleagues are investigating whether FDA-approved therapies, or those currently in clinical trials, that target metabolic pathways could prove particularly effective against triple-negative breast cancer.
###
The study was supported by Breast Cancer Alliance Young Investigator Grant 569489, University Research Foundation Grant 000002-2199) and the Penn-CHOP Mitochondria Affinity Award.
The Step Up Oklahoma coalition has ended talks with The Wind Coalition, citing concerns that wind lobbyists were undermining efforts to solve the state's budget crisis, according to a letter published Friday evening.
The group of business and civic leaders pushing this package, Step Up Oklahoma, sent a scathing letter to Jeffrey Clark, President of The Wind Coalition, ending negotiations with them, due to being, "purposefully misled."
The revenue side of the proposal includes increases in the state's tobacco tax, fuel tax, gross production tax on oil and natural gas, and, for the first time, a tax on wind energy production. The published proposal calls for a tax of $1 per megawatt hour, which is estimated to provide $23 million in new revenue to the state in the tax's first full year.
Step Up leaders say they'd been meeting with wind industry leaders, at their request, to listen to their concerns and potentially agree on a revenue option more agreeable to them.
But in the letter, Step Up says it discovered the wind industry had its lobbyists trying to derail the plan at the same time.
"All the while we were meeting with you and your organization," the letter states, "you were executing a stealth campaign with the media to undermine our efforts to help the State of Oklahoma through Step Up Oklahoma."
Mark Yates, spokesperson for the Wind Coalition, sent News 9 the following response:
Step Up leaders say, while this has taken up valuable time, work on writing the actual bills has continued. Multiple sources say lawmakers could be asked to vote on the legislation by the end of next week, the first week of session.
In an interview earlier this week, House Speaker Charles McCall, said the revenue-raising measures would be in one bill, the reforms in separate bills.
"And that's to make sure it passes constitutional muster with the courts," said Rep. McCall. "On a package like this, you don't want to pass something and it to be overturned because it was not structured properly, or deemed to be log-rolling."
Pune, India, May, 2018 /MRFR Press Release/- The scope of the study segments the global Heat Transfer Fluid market its material, product, manufacturing process, application and region. The report studies key players, providing a Future trend analysis that highlights market size, volume and share for North America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC) and Rest of the World (ROW).
Market Scenario
The current boom in the chemical industry across the globe and the recovering Oil and Gas market after the price crisis are the primary factors driving the Heat Transfer Fluid market. Expanding product portfolios and technological development in the in this market are significantly contributing to the growth and development of the Heat Transfer Fluid market.
Hence the market for Heat Transfer Fluid CAGR is expected to grow at Significant Rate (2018-2027).
Download the sample report for more information @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1571
Key Players
Some of the key players in the Heat Transfer Fluid market are ConocoPhillips (U.S.), The Dow Chemical Company (U.S.), Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. (India), BASF SE (Germany), Chevron Corporation (U.S), Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd. (India).
Study Objectives of Heat Transfer Fluid
To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 5 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the global Heat Transfer Fluid market
To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth
To Analyze the Heat Transfer Fluid market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, Porters five force analysis.
To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to six main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East, and Africa
Segments
The Heat Transfer fluid market has been segmented on the basis of End User Industry as Oil and Gas, Concentrated Solar Power, Pharmaceutical and Food and Beverage. On the basis of product the market has been segmented as Glycol, Silicone & Aromatics and Mineral Oils.
Intended Audience
Heat Transfer fluid manufacturers
Heat Transfer fluid Suppliers
Research and Development (R&D) Companies
Regional Analysis of Heat Transfer Fluid Market:
Europe is expected to dominate the Heat Transfer Fluid market mainly due to the increasing demand for Heat Transfer fluid in this region. Growing HVAC industry, Chemical industry has also induced significant demand in this region. Asia-Pacific is expected to grow at a rapid pace specifically in the Heat transfer fluid market due to the increasing population in this region.
Enquiry for this report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/1571
April 28 Cabot Oil & Gas Corp:
* Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation announces first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.19 excluding items
* Q1 earnings per share $0.23
* Increased full-year 2017 production growth guidance range from 5 - 10 percent to 8 - 12 percent
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.16, revenue view $463.9 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Cabot Oil & Gas - equivalent production for q1 of 2017 was 170.1 billion cubic feet equivalent (bcfe), in line with high-end of co's guidance range for quarter
* Q2 2017 net production guidance of 1,780 to 1,820 mmcf per day for natural gas
* Cabot Oil & Gas - Q2 2017 net production guidance of 12,000 to 12,500 bbls per day for crude oil and condensate; and 1,350 to 1,400 bbls per day for NGLS
* Cabot Oil & Gas Corp - company has reaffirmed its cost guidance for full-year
* Cabot Oil & Gas Corp- currently forecasting over $250 million of positive free cash flow for year based on recent strip prices
* Cabot Oil & Gas - increased capital budget for year, resulting in full-year 2017 exploration and production (e&p) spending of up to $775 million
* Sees total 2017 program spending of $845 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
IN CHILLING cellphone videos released Wednesday, the suspect in a February massacre at a Florida high school announced their intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying “you're all going to die.”
The three videos released by prosecutors were found on the cellphone of suspect Nikolas Cruz after the Feb. 14 shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School that killed 17 people and injured 17 others.
Cruz, wearing a ball cap, introduces themselves in the first video and says they are “going to be the next school shooter of 2018.” They go on to say that they want to use an AR-15 to kill at least 20 people and specifies the high school in Parkland. The videos are undated, but on one they say, “Today is the day. Today it all begins. The day of my massacre shall begin.”
“When you see me on the news, you'll all know who I am,” they say in another and then laughs. “You're all going to die. ... Can't wait.”
In a second video, Cruz briefly discusses logistics, including that they will take Uber to campus about 2:40. They then says he'll walk onto campus, go up some stairs, open their bag to take out their weapon and start firing. School surveillance video shows that was almost exactly what they did -the only difference being that they arrived at the school at 2:19 p.m.
Camera Icon Nikolas Cruz filmed a video predicting their own massacre. Picture: AP
In the third video, the camera apparently pointed at pavement, they talk about their loneliness, anger and hatred, and announces that the “day of my massacre shall begin.”
“I live a lone life. I live in seclusion and solitude. I hate everyone and everything. But the power of my AR you will all know who I am. I had enough of being told what to do and when to do,” they say. “I had enough of being told what to do and when to do. I had enough of being told that I'm an idiot and a dumbass. You're all stupid and brainwashed by the political and government programs.”
They also referenced a former girlfriend, saying “I hope to see you in the afterlife.”
Cruz is charged with 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder in the attack. Their lawyers have repeatedly said Cruz would plead guilty if guaranteed a sentence of life without parole, but prosecutors refuse to waive the death penalty. Cruz, 19, is a former Stoneman Douglas student.
The Broward State Attorney's Office released the video because under Florida law, with few exceptions, evidence becomes a public record when it is turned over to the defendant's attorneys as part of the pretrial discovery process. Cruz's attorneys say they did not request evidence such as video from inside the building where the massacre happened and autopsy reports so they would not become public and “further hurt and inflame the victims' families and the community.”
“This is an awful case and today is more of that awfulness and further shows how severely broken a human being the defendant is,” Broward County Public Defender Howard Finklestein, whose office is representing Cruz, said in a statement.
Camera Icon Alana Koer lost their son in the Parkland massacre. Picture: AP
Cruz spent several years at a school for children with emotional disabilities before being allowed to transfer to Stoneman Douglas. They spent several months there before being kicked out. Their late mother also called 911 on them almost 20 times over the years and they had a history of killing animals then posting images on the internet and taking body parts as souvenirs.
There's a lot of chatter in HDR land about a new format called hybrid log gamma, or HLG to its friends.
Hybrid log gamma is a new system for high dynamic range that's been co-developed by the BBC and it could be a future solution for broadcast HDR. While the regular HDR10 and Dolby Vision work when you're streaming a big budget movie or the latest blockbuster series from Netflix, but HLG is designed to be backward compatible, not require a complete change in workflow and be easy for studios to adopt.
Additionally, HLG doesn't require any specific hardware - as Dolby Vision does - meaning its a format that's fairly easy to add to existing TVs.
So 2017 is rapidly turning to the year of HLG announcements, with Panasonic confirming that it will be adding support for the format to its top-tier 2016 TVs (e.g., DX750, DX802, DX902). This might not happen in all territories and there's no confirmed timeframe, but it is happening.
That is in addition to the new 2017 TVs that will support HLG, meaning you're well placed should the format be adopted by broadcasters.
The BBC has already run some HLG trials and LG was vocal of its support when it announced its new OLED televisions at CES 2017; Sony has subsequently also confirmed that it is going to be updating its 2016 TVs, as well as including support in new 2017 sets.
All we really need is some actual content and Panasonic has a solution there too, as the new Lumix GH5 is the first camera that will capture content in HLG format.
Some netizens contend that The Sun has gone too far in its effort to cheer up the national team while trading in stereotypes. The apparent drug reference on the newspaper's front page also triggered the ire of Colombia's ambassador to the UK.
Ahead of Tuesday's World Cup clash between England and Colombia, The Sun published a front page picturing England captain Harry Kane. The accompanying text read: "As 3 Lions face nation that gave world Shakira, great coffee and er, other stuff, we say.. GO KANE!
READ MORE: Three Lions Striker Harry Kane Equals Long-Held England Record
The reference to Colombia's links to drug trafficking was criticized by Colombia's ambassador to the UK, Néstor Osorio Londoño. "It's rather sad that they use such a festive and friendly environment as the World Cup to target a country and continue to stigmatize it with a completely unrelated issue," the diplomat said.
Many internet users mirrored the ambassador's preference for fair play over word play, and chided the tabloid for its phonetic jab.
Ignorant, xenophobic and arrogant. Just gave more reasons to root for Colômbia. VAMOS COLÔMBIA — Vinícius (@ViniSCoutinho) 2 июля 2018 г.
This is so WRONG and disrespectful! shame on you. The history of Colombia hasn't been easy, this is not a joke! — La Siempreviva (@mefaltojuete) 3 июля 2018 г.
Most English people hate this new paper as well. They only speak for a small number. — OTIB (@mikebristolcity) 3 июля 2018 г.
disrespectful and xenophobic
same old europe — julia (@fawkesonmew) 2 июля 2018 г.
"Sports have a way of making us put aside our differences, bringing the world together and-- uh--"
"Just… Just do the 'go kane cocaine pun', Bob, we'll work out how racist it is afterwards." pic.twitter.com/Im1rMzjlfg — James Felton (@JimMFelton) 2 июля 2018 г.
The sooner the sun is out of business the better. — Fin (@yalnif13) 2 июля 2018 г.
They really do ruin the fun for everyone. Like that cousin at a party no one wants to talk to because they're unbearable — Sam Hufton 🌹 (@SamHufton1) 3 июля 2018 г.
Even considering the latest Apple TV 4K box, the Nvidia Shield TV is one of the most powerful streaming boxes around. And now it's dramatically cheaper for the build-up to Christmas.
The Android-powered Shield TV box is capable of streaming 4K HDR content, in up to 60fps, and play a whole stack of excellent games, including many exclusives to the platform. The remote only version is available until 24 December with a massive discount in both the UK and US.
Buy the Nvidia Shield TV with just the remote on Amazon UK for £143 and Amazon US for $149
There are hundreds of apps available for the Shield TV, including Netflix, Amazon Video, YouTube and, of course, Google's own Play Movies store for 4K content.
The game controller is also available as a standalone extra for £59.99 (or $59.99 in the US) if you decide you do want one down the line.
If you'd rather wait a little longer, the full Nvidia Shield TV package, with remote and game controller, will be available at £30 off in the UK from 18 December.
Considering it's built around the same architecture as the Nintendo Switch, you can't go far wrong with adding an Nvidia Shield TV to your home entertainment setup.
Ben Affleck won't direct and star in their forthcoming Batman film if they feel the script isn't up to scratch.
The actor and director took over the role of Bruce Wayne in last year's critically panned Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice.
As well as starring in the role of the Caped Crusader, Affleck, whose 2012 directorial effort Argo won a Best Picture Oscar, is also directing the upcoming DC Comics movie - tentatively titled The Batman.
However the 44-year-old star has now revealed that there currently isn't a script in place and if they aren't happy with how the movie is shaping up, he'll walk away from the project.
They told Britain's The Guardian newspaper: “That's the idea. But it's not a set thing and there's no script. If it doesn't come together in a way I think is really great I'm not going to do it.”
via GIPHY
Affleck's comments are in stark contrast to their remarks in an interview with Variety magazine last month, in which they said, “We're on the right track with that (the Batman film) and everything is coming together. We're still finishing up a script. I'm very excited.”
The new Batman movie has yet to receive an official release date, but will reportedly feature Magic Mike star Joe Manganiello as the villain Deathstroke.
Affleck has had problems with superhero films in the past, having starred as the title character in the 2003 flop Daredevil.
The actor later disowned the movie as a cynical money making exercise, telling Entertainment Weekly: “Daredevil didn't work at all. If I wanted to go viral, I would be less polite. That was before people realized you could make these movies and make them well. There was a cynical sense of ‘put a red leather outfit on a guy, have them run around, hunt some bad guys, and cash the cheque'.”
Affleck will however return as Batman in Justice League, scheduled for release in November.
via GIPHY
RELEASE FROM PITTSBURG STATE ATHLETICS:
PITTSBURG -- The Pittsburg State University women's basketball team gained separation in the pivotal second quarter and the Gorillas pulled away for an 86-66 win over Missouri Southern State University Saturday (Feb. 3) at John Lane Arena/Whetzel Court.
Pitt State (17-5, 10-3 MIAA) led 19-16 after 10 minutes of play but the Gorillas outscored MSSU (10-11, 7-6 MIAA), 25-15, in the second quarter to build a 44-31 margin.
Shelby Lopez led all scorers with 18 points, while Mikaela Burgess added 15 points. The Gorillas, who shot 50.8 percent from the field in the contest (32-63), also got 13 from Brenlee McPherson and 10 from Madison Northcutt. Paige Imhoff chipped in with nine points and a game-high nine assists.
Chelsey Henry and Dru Clark scored 16 points apiece to lead the Lions. MSSU shot 37.1 percent from the field in the game (23-62).
Max Verstappen believes Red Bull Racing look competitive for this weekend at the Japanese Grand Prix.
The Dutch driver, who won last time out at the Malaysian Grand Prix, was sixth fastest overall in the dry First Practice Session completing a total of twenty six laps overall. Due to the torrential rain in Free Practice Two, both Verstappen and team-mate Daniel Ricciardo didn't run in the session.
Verstappen says they were very happy with the set-up during their Friday running.
“We didn't do that many laps this morning but I was happy with the set-up straight away and I think we looked competitive.” said Verstappen
“The red flag interfered with the programme a bit but we still managed to get some good data and I feel happy at the end of the day.”
With the rain hitting in the afternoon at the Suzuka International Racing Course, Verstappen says the team knew the rain was coming and intended to adapt their program so they don't lose out on data.
“We adapted plans this morning as we knew the rain was coming this afternoon and this means the washed out second session hasn't impacted on our plans.”
“Mercedes look strong as usual, Ferrari I'm not sure about but I think we are close and that is the positive thing. The track certainly feels faster this year with the updated cars, perhaps a second or so which is expected at a circuit like this.”
With dry conditions predicted for tomorrow's Free Practice three and qualifying session, Verstappen says Red Bull should perform better in the dry weather.
“The warmer conditions on Sunday should help us and for now Qualifying looks dry so we can get on with some improvements tomorrow.”
JOSE MOURINHO WAS spotted at a friendly between Austria and Russia on Wednesday, as rumours swirl they are targeting a move for Austrian forward Marko Arnautovic.
The West Ham star has been linked with a big money move to the north of England as Mourinho looks to bring in reinforcements for Manchester United behind Romelu Lukaku.
The pair previously worked together in 2009-10 at Inter, when Arnautovic was on loan from Twente, but the move did not work out.
The forward only appeared in three Serie A contests as a substitute, with Mourinho saying the striker had “the mentality of a child” and claimed they were “unmanageable”.
However, that was eight years ago, and the 29-year-old Arnautovic has displayed quality since then, scoring 11 goals last season for West Ham after making a £20 million move from Stoke City, where they had spent the previous four seasons. They also added six assists in their 31 Premier League appearances
It was the second time in three seasons Arnautovic had scored 11 goals and added six assists, having managed it with Stoke in 2015-16.
Those numbers have led to speculation Mourinho could seek to add them to play with or beside Lukaku after the Red Devils' depth behind the Belgian was proven wanting in the 1-0 FA Cup loss to Chelsea .
And Mourinho's presence at a friendly in which Arnautovic started is only likely to pour more fuel on the rumour fire despite Mourinho reportedly claiming they were only “on holiday” when asked why they were in attendance at Innsbruck
However, if Mourinho was there to have a look at the forward, they were treated to Arnautovic making an impact for their national side as they laid on the assist for Alessandro Schopf's 28th minute opener.
That proved to be the winner as Arnautovic played 83 minutes of the victory over the World Cup hosts.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Humans inherited the capacity to hear sounds thanks to structures that evolved millions of years ago. Sensory "hair cells" in the inner ear have the amazing ability to convert sound waves into electrical signals and transmit them to the brain for processing.
To do so, each individual hair cell must develop a motion sensor in the form of a brush of protrusions, or hair bundle, that is precisely organized and shows directionality, like the magnetized needle of a compass. In addition, neighboring hair cells also orient their bundles in concert, the same way a collection of compasses would all point to the north magnetic pole.
Both single-cell and organ-wide directionality are critical for hearing, but these two levels of organization are controlled by largely distinct molecular mechanisms during inner ear development. "Planar cell polarity" proteins establish a north and South Pole in the organ, while the Gpsm2/LGN-Gαi proteins act in single hair cells to help give the bundle directionality. How the two systems are reconciled for normal sensory function remained a mystery so far, however.
Now, a collaboration between a research team at The Jackson Laboratory (JAX) and The Rockefeller University has identified a protein, Daple, that interacts with both systems and is a promising candidate to coordinate single cell and organ-wide directionality. The researchers, Assistant Professor Basile Tarchini of JAX, and Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator A.J. Hudspeth and their student Kimberly Siletti of Rockefeller, showed that in mice lacking Daple, hair bundles are misoriented and misshapen in a pattern indicating both organ-wide and single cell defects.
The study is published in the Dec. 11, 2017, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
In earlier work, Tarchini and colleagues had established the signaling role of Gpsm2/LGN and Gαi in modeling the staircase-like architecture of the bundle, a property essential for direction-sensitivity to sound waves and hearing.
The Jackson Laboratory is an independent, nonprofit biomedical research institution based in Bar Harbor, Maine, with a National Cancer Institute-designated Cancer Center, a facility in Sacramento, Calif., and a genomic medicine institute in Farmington, Conn. It employs more than 2,000 staff, and its mission is to discover precise genomic solutions for disease and empower the global biomedical community in the shared quest to improve human health.
###
× Trump pressed aides on Venezuela invasion, U.S. official reportedly says
BOGOTA, Colombia (AP) — As a meeting last August in the Oval Office to discuss sanctions on Venezuela was concluding, President Donald Trump turned to their top aides and asked an unsettling question: With a fast unraveling Venezuela threatening regional security, why can't the U.S. just simply invade the troubled country?
The suggestion stunned those present at the meeting, including U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and national security adviser H.R. McMaster, both of whom have since left the administration. This account of the previously undisclosed conversation comes from a senior administration official familiar with what was said.
In an exchange that lasted around five minutes, McMaster and others took turns explaining to Trump how military action could backfire and risk losing hard-won support among Latin American governments to punish President Nicolas Maduro for taking Venezuela down the path of dictatorship, according to the official. The official spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the discussions.
But Trump pushed back. Although they gave no indication they were about to order up military plans, they pointed to what they considered past cases of successful gunboat diplomacy in the region, according to the official, like the invasions of Panama and Grenada in the 1980s.
The idea, despite their aides' best attempts to shoot it down, would nonetheless persist in the president's head.
The next day, Aug. 11, Trump alarmed friends and foes alike with talk of a “military option” to remove Maduro from power. The public remarks were initially dismissed in U.S. policy circles as the sort of martial bluster people have come to expect from the reality TV star turned commander in chief.
But shortly afterward, they raised the issue with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, according to the U.S. official. Two high-ranking Colombian officials who spoke on condition of anonymity to avoid antagonizing Trump confirmed the report.
Then in September, on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly, Trump discussed it again, this time at greater length, in a private dinner with leaders from four Latin American allies that included Santos, the same three people said and Politico reported in February.
The U.S. official said Trump was specifically briefed not to raise the issue and told it wouldn't play well, but the first thing the president said at the dinner was, “My staff told me not to say this.” Trump then went around asking each leader if they were sure they didn't want a military solution, according to the official, who added that each leader told Trump in clear terms they were sure.
Eventually, McMaster would pull aside the president and walk them through the dangers of an invasion, the official said.
Taken together, the behind-the-scenes talks, the extent and details of which have not been previously reported, highlight how Venezuela's political and economic crisis has received top attention under Trump in a way that was unimaginable in the Obama administration. But critics say it also underscores how their “America First” foreign policy at times can seem outright reckless, providing ammunition to America's adversaries.
The White House declined to comment on the private conversations. But a National Security Council spokesperson reiterated that the U.S. will consider all options at its disposal to help restore Venezuela's democracy and bring stability. Under Trump's leadership, the U.S., Canada and European Union have levied sanctions on dozens of top Venezuelan officials, including Maduro himself, over allegations of corruption, drug trafficking and human rights abuses. The U.S. has also distributed more than $30 million to help Venezuela's neighbors absorb an influx of more than 1 million migrants who have fled the country.
For Maduro, who has long claimed that the U.S. has military designs on Venezuela and its vast oil reserves, Trump's bellicose talk provided the unpopular leader with an immediate if short-lived boost as they were trying to escape blame for widespread food shortages and hyperinflation. Within days of the president's talk of a military option, Maduro filled the streets of Caracas with loyalists to condemn “Emperor” Trump's belligerence, ordered up nationwide military exercises and threatened with arrest opponents they said were plotting their overthrow with the U.S.
“Mind your own business and solve your own problems, Mr. Trump!” thundered Nicolas Maduro, the president's son, at the government-stacked constituent assembly. “If Venezuela were attacked, the rifles will arrive in New York, Mr. Trump,” the younger Maduro said. “We will take the White House.”
Even some of the staunchest U.S. allies were begrudgingly forced to side with Maduro in condemning Trump's saber rattling. Santos, a big backer of U.S. attempts to isolate Maduro, said an invasion would have zero support in the region. The Mercosur trade bloc, which includes Brazil and Argentina, issued a statement saying “the only acceptable means of promoting democracy are dialogue and diplomacy” and repudiating “any option that implies the use of force.”
But among Venezuela's beleaguered opposition movement, hostility to the idea of a military intervention has slowly eased.
A few weeks after Trump's public comments, Harvard economics professor Ricardo Hausmann, a former Venezuelan planning minister, wrote a syndicated column titled “D Day Venezuela,” in which they called for a “coalition of the willing” made up of regional powers and the U.S. to step in and support militarily a government appointed by the opposition-led national assembly.
Mark Feierstein, who oversaw Latin America on the National Security Council during the Obama administration, said that strident U.S. action on Venezuela, however commendable, won't loosen Maduro's grip on power if it's not accompanied by pressure from the streets. However, they think Venezuelans have largely been demoralized after a crackdown on protests last year triggered dozens of deaths, and the threat of more repression has forced dozens of opposition leaders into exile.
“People inside and outside the administration know they can ignore plenty of what Trump says,” Feierstein, who is now a senior adviser at the Albright Stonebridge Group, said of Trump's talk of military invasion of Venezuela. “The concern is that it raised expectations among Venezuelans, many of whom are waiting for an external actor to save them.”
OWING MILLS, Md. – Every year when Santa comes to town children and their parents line-up to meet the jolly big man – but one Maryland toddler wasn't having it.
Kerry Spencer taught their son the sign for “help” in sign language – and during their photo with Santa they made the sign.
“We taught our baby sign language. This is the sign for ‘help.' You're welcome,” Spencer wrote.
We taught our baby sign language. This is the sign for "help." You're welcome. pic.twitter.com/i6NkxBf4KP — Kerry Spencer (@Swilua) December 5, 2017
Spencer tweeted out the hilarious photo on Tuesday and it has since gone viral.
They went on to clear up the specific sign language variant they were taught.
“In baby sign you go with what they do. We showed them the ASL version and this is what they did,” they wrote on Twitter.
In baby sign you go with what they do. We showed them the ASL version and this is what they did. — Kerry Spencer (@Swilua) December 6, 2017
And to all the commenters saying they did it wrong, they were one! Give the poor guy a break! 😂 (This is the actual sign:) pic.twitter.com/0pgfRmbdk7 — Kerry Spencer (@Swilua) December 8, 2017
No word on if the little boy was able to let Saint Nick know what they wanted for Christmas before their parents rescued him.
JOHANNESBURG - Growthpoint Properties, the largest South African real estate investment trust (Reit) listed on the JSE with assets on three continents, has established a dedicated trading and development business unit.
Estienne de Klerk, the chief executive of Growthpoint South Africa, said yesterday that the new specialised division would play a key role in creating excellent business opportunities for the company and world-class premises for its clients.
Until now, Growthpoint's in-house trading and development skills were held within each sector of the company's portfolio, including office, retail and industrial. The new business unit would combine and integrate Growthpoint's cross-sector development and trading expertise to optimise its business strengths.
De Klerk said the new business unit would enable Growthpoint to provide their clients with an extra service that met their needs. “Besides providing existing buildings, we can create new buildings for them that meet their very specific, bespoke requirements.”
De Klerk added that Growthpoint's trading and development team was a key part of their business and had played a significant role in building the company's portfolio. They said Growthpoint's goal was to generate consistent, recurring income from third-party development fees and trading profit that totalled no more than 1percent to 2percent of its distributable income.
Rudolf Pienaar, the new chief investment and development officer at Growthpoint, said development played a key role in Growthpoint's South African investment strategy with tailor-made assets designed to enhance its portfolio and retain and attract quality clients.
However, Pienaar said that in working closely with its clients Growthpoint had found that some of their needs went beyond a simple tenancy. They said their company policy may require them to own certain types of properties; they might need to dispose of a property asset to become a tenant of Growthpoint, or they could require specialised premises that could only be custom-developed.
- BUSINESS REPORT
The IOC has suspended the Russian National Olympic Committee, allowing clean athletes to participate in the games without the national anthem and flag.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The Russian Olympic Committee's (ROC) Athletes Commission has drafted an appeal to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) President Thomas Bach with a request to review the decision on the Russian national team's participation in the 2018 Olympic Games without the national anthem and flag, the commission's chief, Olympic fencing champion Sofya Velikaya, said Monday.
"The commission prepared a statement from athletes stating their willingness to participate in the Olympic Games. We will submit it to the Olympic assembly for consideration," Velikaya said, adding that they had asked the Russian public "to treat athletes' decisions with understanding and respect. Whether the athlete will carry the flag or not, everyone will know that this is an athlete from Russia."
According to the officials, the Athletes Commission would also ask the IOC to review the decision on suspending life-time bans from the Olympic Games.
READ MORE: IOC Not Considering Putin as Personally Involved in Doping Scandal — Rep.
Earlier this month, the IOC Executive Board suspended the Russian National Olympic Committee over "systematic manipulation" of the anti-doping system while allowing clean Russian athletes to compete in the 2018 Games under the Olympic Flag.
Following the ruling by the IOC, Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova said that the decision was part of a large-scale attack, an attempt to chase Russia away from professional sports.
At the same time, the IOC Disciplinary Commission, which focused on the alleged involvement of the Russian Sports Ministry and some other government agencies in doping abuse, said that it had not found any documented and independent evidence that "the highest state authority" was aware of the doping-related scheme.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has repeatedly reaffirmed that there is no state-run doping scheme in Russia and emphasized that the country is working to solve the issues related to doping by athletes.
KEVIN MARTIN WAS in good spirits after Offaly's narrow 0-24 to 1-19 Division 1 hurling league quarter-final defeat to Kilkenny on Monday.
Kevin Martin and Brian Cody shake hands after the game Source: James Crombie/INPHO
Their team pushed Kilkenny all the way and found themselves on level terms in the 70th minute, before TJ Reid slotted over a contentious free and Walter Walsh added the insurance score in injury-time to see the Cats home.
Offaly's last win over Kilkenny was way back in the 1998 All-Ireland final, when Martin themselves was a player. They've shipped plenty of heavy defeats to the Cats in the intervening 20 years, but that was never on the cards today.
“We'd hope to think we are going in the right direction,” the two-time All-Ireland winner said after the game.
“I suppose Galway and Limerick beat us well enough in the league – but we were trying out different players and stuff. We are trying to get a settled team and we are going in the right direction.
“We are not going to jump ahead of ourselves. There is still a lot of hurling left, a lot of stuff to be done, a lot of work to be done on the field, a lot coaching to be done. A few things have to be changed to tweak lads' games, and that will make a good bit of difference as well so we are happy with where we are.”
Colin Egan, Shane Kinsella, Tom Spain and Pat Camon track Richie Leahy Source: James Crombie/INPHO
It was only the fine displays of Reid and Walsh, who clipped over 0-17 between them, that prevented the hosts from booking an unlikely semi-final appearance against the winners of Wexford and Galway.
One of the biggest pluses of Martin's early reign is the fact the best hurlers in Offaly are part of the county panel.
That experience told against the Cats, particularly in the second-half when Kilkenny turned the screw and transformed a three-point half-time deficit to a three-point lead by the 53rd minute.
Offaly had ball winners all over the forward line, with Shane Dooley, Joe Bergin and Conor Mahon extremely influential up front, while Tom Spain and Ben Conneely were defensively very solid.
“We're training hard and they're putting in the effort, they're starting to get there, they're starting to believe in their hurling so we're heading in the right direction. Pity we didn't win the game but that's hurling.
Offaly's Ben Conneely reacts at the final whistle Source: James Crombie/INPHO
“In fairness, Dooley got a couple of savage points, Joe Bergin got a savage point, the work rate was really up. They didn't drop the head so they showed a bit of character which is great to see back in them. All very promising.”
Offaly reached a low ebb last summer when then-manager Kevin Ryan put out a double-sweeper system in their qualifier tie against Waterford. The Diese coasted to a 24-point victory and left dismayed hurling supporters in the Faithful County questioning the direction of the team.
But Martin's first competitive game in charge got off to a flyer last January when Offaly handed out a 13-point beating to Dublin in Croke Park. While there have been some mixed results in Division 1B since then, it's clear they're on the right path.
Martin and their management team have been working hard on the mentality of the players, after a few tough years.
“I suppose half of the time that's why you have to talk to players to get into their heads anyway to see what way they are,” they said.
“In fairness, we do a lot of talking to the guys one to one and you'd always be talking to them in training, trying to build them up – just trying to get them to release themselves so they are well able to hurl.
“Because they have been in a box this past three years, and they have been afraid to express themselves. Now they are just starting to do it, and it's great to see it.
“Like, confidence breeds confidence and they are starting to get confident in their own game now and hopefully it's onwards and upwards.”
John Donnelly tackles Oisin Kelly Source: James Crombie/INPHO
This was one of the few hurling fixtures to take place over the weekend, but the Offaly boss was pleased the game went ahead on Bank Holiday Monday and said no players had issues getting time off work.
“Bank Holiday weekend, everyone was off anyway. There were no qualms there. I'm delighted it went ahead.
“We were after resting a few lads last weekend for the Antrim game. If it didn't go ahead this weekend they wouldn't have got the bit of work last week and it was going to mess it up.
“I know they're under pressure to leave the month of April free, which they're not going to have now for clubs. When players get ready for a game, they get psyched up for it, they do the special routines to get ready for a game during the week and if it doesn't go ahead then they're disappointed. I'm delighted it went ahead.
“I suppose it worked out well for both teams. The pitch was in good enough nick today as well. No complaints. Gave a good effort but just fell short. Moving in the right direction.”
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
A bomb squad detonated a suspicious device found inside a Fontana neighborhood home Tuesday by officers who went there on a disturbance call, a police spokesperson said.
A first effort to destroy the device in place in the 17100 block of Barbee Street failed, but the second detonation, heard over a cell phone interview with Fontana Police Officer Daniel Romero at 11:20 a.m., was successful.
It was described was a homemade aluminum foil device, found alongside illegal fireworks, Romero said.
No one was harmed and residents evacuated from two nearby homes were allowed to return. Romero said the detonation was done as a precaution, and there was no immediate danger.
The original call to the home was at 8:30 a.m. for an argument between a father and son, Romero said. Police arrested the father for possession of an illegal firearm, Romero said, and then saw the device.
Sign up for our breaking news email newsletter: When major local news happens, you will be the first to know. Subscribe here
“They backed out and called the bomb squad, which did an assessment and decided to blow up the device,” Romero said. Officers saw more than one device, “but there was one that caused concern,” they said.
Romero said after the device was destroyed detectives continued to question the unidentified arrested man about it.
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A MAN was taken to hospital overnight after fire gutted a house on the Gold Coast.
Emergency services were called to the blaze on McIvor Ct, Ormeau, about 10pm, where they found the home engulfed in flames.
Crews remained on the scene for about two hours battling the fire.
SCROLL DOWN TO FOLLOW OUR MORNING BLOG, INCLUDING TRAFFIC UPDATES, CRIME AND THE LATEST WEATHER
Paramedics treated two patients on scene for smoke inhalation, including a 60-year-old man who was taken to the Gold Coast University Hospital in a stable condition for further assessment.
The house was extensively damaged in the inferno.
Police have confirmed the fire was non-suspicious.
A MARGARET River surfer has blasted the State Government's lack of action on sharks after a warning was issued to stay out of the water at Gracetown today, despite a forecast for near-perfect conditions.
A shark alert was issued for beaches from North Point to Ellensbrook after a young surfer reported being “swiped” by the tail of a 3.5m shark 15m from shore about 5.30pm on Monday.
The close encounter, at South Point break near Gracetown, came a week after twin attacks at Cobblestones and Lefthanders.
The surfer in the latest incident was not injured.
Authorities say the closures will stay until at least 6pm tomorrow.
Excellent conditions are forecast for the area today, with light offshore winds and a 3m swell.
Fisheries Minister Dave Kelly last night urged surfers to heed the warning to avoid a repeat of the earlier attacks, which happened when people returned to the water after shark sightings.
“If you see a shark report it. If a beach is closed don't go in the water and if you surf or dive, protect yourself by using an accredited personal shark deterrent device,” Mr Kelly said.
Camera Icon WA Fisheries Minister Dave Kelly. Picture: Nic Ellis
It's been one week since two surfers were attacked in the state's South West. The West Australian It's been one week since two surfers were attacked in the state's South West.
The fisheries minister says the 37-year-old knowingly put themselves in harm's way. The West Australian The fisheries minister says the 37-year-old knowingly put themselves in harm's way.
Surfer and board shaper Mat Manners said the idea that people should stay out of the water for days every time a shark was sighted was not a real solution.
“As far as the surf goes tomorrow, I can't speak for everyone, but a couple of guys I have spoken to, we will be going surfing,” they said.
“I'm not sure where we will go yet.
“It doesn't seem like the Government is going to do anything any time soon, so what do you do?
“Do you just stop what you are doing and wait for them? It is my livelihood as well.”
The State Government all but ruled out drastic action to manage shark numbers last week, despite a shock decision by world surfing's governing body to cancel the Margaret River Pro.
Mr Manners said there had been an “awful lot” of white shark sightings off the local beaches recently.
“How many people need to be taken before the Government does something?”
Augusta-Margaret River shire ranger co-ordinator Mick O'Regan said people who ignored closures could be fined.
“Given we know the surf is looking good for tomorrow and there are a lot of visitors in our region ... we feel another temporary closure is warranted,” they said.
MARYVILLE (WATE) – Experts with the Knox County Regional Forensics Center have identified the remains found in Maryville last week as Mary Ruth Walker, 69, who was reported missing on May 9.
The remains were found Friday in a burn pile on property belonging to Walker's daughter, Karen Walker Headrick, off Butterfly Gap Loop Road. A makeshift grave was found a short distance away and additional evidence was found inside Headrick's residence that they had allegedly used chemicals in an attempt to conceal the decomposed body.
Previous story: Daughter of missing Maryville woman appears in court on homicide charges
Headrick was arrested on charges of criminal homicide and abuse of a corpse.
Walker's siblings said the pair had a troubled relationship, with Walker even filing an order of protection against their own daughter in 2012. The report documented that Headrick punched Walker in the face and they had to be treated at the hospital.
Headrick is scheduled to appear in court on July 10 in Blount County.
Following a high-profile campaign, Queensland passed a law on Tuesday banning sexist and offensive slogans on vehicles.
The law comes after Paula Orbea started a petition back in 2014 calling for Wicked Campers to remove their slogans. Over 125,000 people have signed the petition calling for slogans such as 'it's easier to apologise than ask for permission' and 'Life sucks if your girlfriend doesn't' to be removed from their campervans.
Ros Bates, the anti-domestic violence spokesperson for the opposition said "[The slogans] include 'it's easier to apologise than ask for permission', and 'I can already imagine the gaffer tape on your mouth'... and for any member of our society these slogans are sickening and perverse," Ms Bates said. "These vans promote rape, encourage sexism and incite violence and control."
The vehicles can now be deregistered if Wicked do not remove the offensive slogans.
The scandal surrounding Cambridge Analytica, the data-mining company that Facebook has banned from its platform for violating data use policies, gets bigger by the day. On Monday, a UK television program aired undercover footage of Alexander Nix, the company's CEO, boasting about how it could use spies, entrapment techniques, and fake news to influence elections. Britain's information commissioner, Elizabeth Denham, said they would seek a court order to look at Cambridge Analytica's servers and databases.
The same day, Facebook said it had hired forensic auditors to examine whether Cambridge Analytica had held on to data allegedly passed to it by an academic at Cambridge University, Aleksandr Kogan, who gained access to Facebook's platform for research purposes several years ago. Kogan, who used that access to glean information about 50 million Facebook users, was also blocked from the platform, as was Christopher Wylie, a former Cambridge Analytica employee turned whistleblower.
The post-mortem into the affair, and how the data were used in Cambridge Analytica's efforts to help Donald Trump win the 2016 US presidential election, is in full swing. It will add to the turmoil at Facebook, which lost $37 billion in market cap during the day's trading and may also lose Alex Stamos, its chief security officer, who has reportedly clashed with the network's leadership over how transparent Facebook should be about Russia's use of the platform to spread disinformation.
One really important question is whether all this could harm researchers' efforts to shed more light on the immense influence that social networks now have over our lives. To explore the issue, we spoke with Sinan Aral, a social-media expert who is a professor at MIT's Sloan School of Management.
Were you surprised that a researcher could access so much data and allegedly pass it to a third party in violation of Facebook's data use rules?
I wasn't surprised they could access that much data. Facebook's been pursuing research questions with qualified researchers for some time. What is surprising is that an academic researcher could so flagrantly violate the spirit and the terms of the data-sharing policies Facebook has in place by taking that data and giving it to a firm that was never authorized to have it in the first place for the purposes of political targeting.
Are you very concerned that this episode could have a chilling effect on social networks' willingness to share data with researchers?
Yes, I am. Facebook is facing what I call a “transparency paradox.” On the one hand, it's under tremendous pressure to be more transparent, to reveal more about how targeted advertising works; how its News Feed algorithms work; how its trending algorithms work; and how Russia or anyone else can spread propaganda and false news on the network. So there's this very strong pressure to be more transparent and to share data with trusted third parties. But on the other hand, there's really strong pressure to increase the security of the data that they do reveal to make sure that it doesn't get into the wrong hands and to protect users' privacy.
This transparency paradox is at the core of Facebook's existential crisis today, and there's a real risk that the Cambridge Analytica story will make it more conservative in what it shares, which would affect the research of hundreds of good scientists who are working with the social network every day without breaching its terms of service in order to understand how Facebook is affecting our society.
Is the current ad hoc process for giving researchers access to social-network data governed by nondisclosure agreements working well, or could it be improved?
I think each request needs to be individually vetted by Facebook and other networks. I wouldn't want them to give blanket access to just certain narrow kinds of data. There are a lot of different aspects of Facebook that are important to understand, and it needs to be able to consider the costs and benefits of each proposed data release.
One suggestion that's been floated is to create a portal where registered researchers could query anonymized data from social-network users who have consented to share their information. What do you think of that idea?
That kind of portal could be useful, but it's only one very small solution to the transparency paradox. There needs to be much more openness than just a single set of data. There need to be lots of different ways that Facebook and other networks work with the scientific community to help us all understand how social media is affecting our democracy, our businesses, and our public health.
Is the Cambridge Analytica story a signal that we should be more broadly concerned about the power of these platforms and what they are doing with our data?
I think the story is about a researcher who flagrantly violated the likely terms of any data-sharing agreement they had with Facebook for research purposes and the company, Cambridge Analytica, that either knowingly or unknowingly used the data for potentially nefarious purposes without vetting the source of that data and any restrictions associated with it. That's the real story here.
We need to better understand the threat of bad actors who may use access to data to help them spread fake news or propaganda on social platforms. And the only way we're going to get a handle on that is if Facebook can find a way to resolve its transparency paradox effectively by becoming more open and more secure at the same time.
“Smart suitcases” may be able to charge mobile phones or be easily found if misplaced, but unless their battery can be removed they risk being sent packing by the world's airlines.
Global airlines body IATA said it could issue industry-wide standards on the new luggage soon, after some US airlines issued their own restrictions on smart bags, whose manufacturers include companies such as BlueSmart, Raden or Away.
These contain GPS tracking and can charge devices, weigh themselves or be locked remotely using mobile phones, but they are powered by lithium-ion batteries, which the aviation industry regards as a fire risk, especially in the cargo hold.
“We expect guidance to be issued potentially this week,” Nick Careen, IATA senior vice president of airport, passenger, cargo and security, told a media briefing in Geneva on Tuesday, when asked about restrictions placed by some airlines.
US based carriers American Airlines, Delta and Alaska Airlines all said last week that as of Jan. 15, 2018, they would require the battery to be removed before allowing the bags on board.
Careen gave no details of any potential industry-wide standards, but said they expected others could quickly follow the example of the US carriers.
Away and Raden say on their websites that batteries in their bags can be easily removed.
Bluesmart, which says more than 65,000 of its suitcases are being used around the world, said its batteries cannot be removed but that its products meet all safety regulations and requirements.
It said it would be holding meetings with airlines to try and ensure its products are exempt from any restrictions.
Concerns over the risk of a lithium-ion battery fire were highlighted during the electronics ban temporarily imposed earlier this year on some flights to the United States.
× Child found wandering on Chesterfield County street
CHESTERFIELD COUNTY, Va. – A child has been reunited with their mother after police say the little girl was found wandering on a Chesterfield County street Tuesday.
Police said around 2:48 p.m., officers responded to reports of a child in the roadway in the 6200 block of Hopkins Road.
Police say a two-year-old girl somehow got out of their home and walked a few blocks and into the street.
Before police arrived at the scene, a worker from the Wee Folks Daycare grabbed the girl and brought them inside into their facility.
When police arrived, they found the child unharmed.
As police starting their investigation they received a report of a missing juvenile from the mother. The mom and child has since been reunited.
Police say no charges have been filed at this time and their investigation is ongoing.
© AFP 2016/ JUNG YEON-JE North Korea Determined to Complete Nuclear Weapon Development by End of 2017 - Diplomat
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The press release added that within the framework of the interstate agreement Islamabad and New Delhi should inform each other about the countries' nuclear installations annually on January 1.
"India and Pakistan today exchanged, through diplomatic channels simultaneously at New Delhi and Islamabad, the list of nuclear installations and facilities covered under the Agreement on the Prohibition of Attack against Nuclear Installations between India and Pakistan," the press release said on Sunday.
Relations between the two countries have been strained since the end of the British rule. Both India and Pakistan are laying claims to the Jammu and Kashmir region. The situation is complicated by the fact that the two nations possess nuclear weapons. In order to reduce the nuclear threat Islamabad and New Delhi signed the Agreement Between India and Pakistan on the Prohibition of Attack against Nuclear Installations and Facilities on December 21, 1988.
Teenager Erika Mihaylova Naydenova, aged 14, from Bulgaria has been reported missing from their Nicosia home since February 1, police said on Friday.
The young girl is described as 1.60m tall, of average physique, with long black hair, brown eyes and a nose piercing.
Anyone with any information is advised to call Nicosia police HQ at 22802222 or 22802231. Alternatively, they can use the citizen's line 1460, or contact the police station closest to them or digitally through the force's app.
Turkey's top judicial body dismisses 39 more judges, prosecutors over Gülen links
Turkey's top judicial body, the Board of Judges and Prosecutors (HSK), dismissed 39 judges and public prosecutors on Thursday over alleged links to the Gülen movement.
It was reported that the HSK has sent its decision for publication in the Official Gazette. The number of prosecutors and judges fired over Gülen links now totals 4,560 with the latest dismissals.
Turkey survived a military coup attempt on July 15, 2016 that killed 249 people. Immediately after the putsch the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) government along with Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan pinned the blame on the Gülen movement.
Fethullah Gülen, who inspired the movement, strongly denied having any role in the failed coup and called for an international investigation into it, but President Erdoğan — calling the coup attempt “a gift from God” — and the government initiated a widespread purge aimed at cleansing sympathizers of the movement from within state institutions, dehumanizing its popular figures and putting them in custody.
Turkey's Justice Ministry announced on July 13 that 50,510 people have been arrested and 169,013 have been the subject of legal proceedings on coup charges since the failed coup. (turkishminute.com)
Related
COLOGNE. Twenty-five to 35 percent of adolescents in Germany have intentionally inflicted injuries to themselves at least once in their lives--some self-injure on a regular basis. These figures make Germany one of the European countries with the highest prevalence rates. In the current issue of Deutsches Ärzteblatt International, Paul L. Plener and their coauthors from Ulm University Hospital present the latest evidence on non-suicidal self-injury in adolescents and also discuss guideline conform treatment (Dtsch Arztebl Int 2018; 115: 23-30).
According to Plener et al., non-suicidal self-injury often serves to regulate aversive emotional states. A number of risk factors have been identified for these acts. The main ones are bullying, comorbid psychiatric conditions, and abuse and neglect in childhood. In the past few years, neurobiological research has shown that affected persons are affected by abnormalities in coping with stress. It was found that after repeated non-suicidal self-injury, the pain threshold is apparently raised.
Treatment is primarily psychotherapy based. The researchers are clear that mental comorbidities will have to be taken into account in this. Using psychotherapeutic interventions can successfully reduce the frequency of self-injury. So far, none of the therapeutic approaches has shown clear superiority. However, randomized controlled studies in adolescents have shown small to moderate effects after cognitive behavioral therapy, dialectic behavioral therapy, and mentalization based treatment. No psychoactive drug has yet been found to possess specific efficacy in the treatment of non-suicidal self-injury.
Non-suicidal self injury is defined as direct, repetitive, socially unacceptable damage to body tissues without any suicidal intent. To this end, affected youngsters cut, scratch, or burn the surface of their skin, for example, or they hit against objects and injure their skin or bones in this way. Self injury is also relevant in a setting of falsely reporting a crime.
###
NEW ORLEANS — States from Louisiana to Florida braced Friday for Tropical Storm Nate, forecast to pound the Gulf Coast this weekend as a hurricane.
The National Hurricane Center on Friday upgraded the tropical storm warning for New Orleans to a hurricane warning. It extends from New Orleans to Lake Pontchartrain and Grand Island, Louisiana, eastward to the Alabama-Florida border.
The storm is expected to make landfall around midnight Saturday east of New Orleans, which was devastated 12 years ago by Hurricane Katrina. It would be the third hurricane, after Harvey and Irma, to hit the US mainland in six weeks.
A storm surge warning was put in place from Morgan City to the western part of the Florida Panhandle, as well as along the northern and western shores of Lake Pontchartrain.
“Residents in these areas should heed any evacuation instructions given by local officials,” the hurricane center said.
Nate killed at least 21 people as it passed Thursday over Costa Rica, Nicaragua and Honduras, where it caused widespread flash flooding and mudslides, officials said.
Over the warm waters of the northwestern Caribbean Sea, Nate was forecast to gain strength as it approaches the Yucatan Peninsula in Mexico later Friday and become a hurricane by the time it reaches the northern Gulf Coast, the hurricane center said.
Nate packed maximum sustained winds of 60 mph Friday afternoon and was moving north-northwest at 21 mph, the hurricane center said. It was about 77.5 miles east of Cozumel, a Mexican island near the Yucatan Peninsula.
New Orleans gearing up
New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu ordered a mandatory evacuation of the Venetian Isles, Lake Catherine and Irish Bayou areas of the city after having already declared a state of emergency Thursday.
“We remain focused on vulnerabilities in Venetian Isles, Lake Catherine and Irish Bayou because these areas are outside of the levee system, and because one of the greatest threats to this storm is not necessarily interior rain, but storm surge. It is a serious concern to us,” Landrieu said Friday “The projections are that we could see six to nine feet of surge.”
They said residents must evacuate by 12 p.m. (1 p.m. ET) Saturday, when the nearby flood gates will be closed. The New Orleans Fire Department and Neighborhood Engagement Office will be conducting outreach through Saturday to coordinate the evacuation effort, they added.
With the majority of the storm's impact and storm surge expected to occur overnight, Landrieu also announced a mandatory curfew will take effect Saturday at 6 p.m. and end Sunday morning. In preparation for overnight flooding, they said the city's police department will put up barricades and close underpasses once the curfew is in effect.
“If we all stay informed, if we all stay alert, if we all stay prepared, ultimately, we will all be safe, which is our No. 1 priority,” Landrieu said.
Gov. John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency for all of Louisiana. The storm will “make landfall in the close vicinity of New Orleans,” the proclamation noted, adding that six parishes have declared emergencies and others would do so soon.
New Orleans, much of which lies below sea level, was gearing up for a hit, and Landrieu urged people who live “outside the city's levee protection system or in low-lying area” to seek higher ground.
Residents have been wary since the city's unique drainage system experienced critical deficiencies during heavy summer rainstorms, leading to the flooding of several hundred properties.
Of the city's 120 main drainage pumps, three major and nine smaller ones were offline Thursday night, city records show. Also, all 24 major pump stations had backup generators, records show, as only three of five turbines that help power the city's oldest, most powerful pumps were available for service, a city water utility spokesperson told CNN.
“Residents who live inside the levee system should prepare to take shelter with essential supplies including food, water and medications,” the mayor said Thursday.
Edwards authorized 1,300 National Guard troops to mobilize ahead of the storm, with some headed to New Orleans to help monitor the pumps, they said.
Storm to move through quickly
Nate would be the first hurricane to hit Louisiana since Hurricane Isaac in 2012 as a Category 1 storm.
“It will still be fairly strong when it makes landfall, but it will be a quicker moving storm than the last few we have had,” CNN meteorologist Haley Brink said. “It's supposed to be in and out pretty quickly.”
The storm could drop 3 to 6 inches of rain, with 12 inches possible in some areas, from the central Gulf Coast north through Tennessee and the southern Appalachians through the weekend, possibly spawning flash floods, the hurricane center said.
The last hurricane to hit the Louisiana-Mississippi-Alabama region in October was Hurricane Lili in 2002. The last time three hurricanes hit the mainland in the same year was 2008, when Dolly, Gustav and Ike came through.
Gulf Coast states prepare
Hurricane, tropical storm and storm surge watches were issued late Friday from Florida's border with Alabama east as far as Indian Pass, the hurricane center said.
With parts of Florida still reeling from Hurricane Irma, Gov. Rick Scott has declared a state of emergency for 29 counties.
“Based on the latest forecast from the National Hurricane Center, (Tropical Storm Nate) will continue in the Gulf of Mexico and we expect it to become a hurricane and bring severe weather to the Florida panhandle this weekend,” Scott said Friday. “To be clear, Florida is now in the cone.”
They told residents to anticipate evacuation zones, warning that bridges will close once wind speeds get to 30-40 miles per hour and people won't be able to evacuate.
“In Florida, we know to prepare for the worst while hoping for the best, but we don't take any chances,” Scott said, urging people to get their medications and have three days of food and water. “Please stock up on supplies today, the storm is … fast-moving.”
Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant said in a news conference that Tropical Storm Nate is “moving in this direction” but that the state was well-prepared.
Bryant said they had signed an emergency order for a state of emergency in six southern counties.
Mississippi Emergency Management Agency director Lee Smithson said residents should “ride out the storm in the safest place possible” and listen to any evacuation orders.
“We can see a storm surge of up to 10 feet, tornadoes, inland flooding and flooding of low-lying areas. This storm will impact the entire Mississippi Gulf Coast,” they said.
Smithson said people needed to prepare for 80 mile per hour winds, “widespread power outages and be prepared to be on your own for 72 hours with no electricity, no running water, no stores open for food.”
In Alabama, a statewide emergency declaration signed by Gov. Kay Ivey went into effect Friday morning. The move “frees up personnel and resources in case there is a need to respond to any storm related activity.”
Mayor Sandy Stimpson of Mobile, Alabama, warned residents Friday about storm surge.
“We encourage citizens in low-lying areas to pay special attention to newscasts,” they said at a news conference. “There is a projected 4- to 7-(foot) storm surge. It will happen to coincide with high tide, which will give you additional water levels.”
Mobile officials were checking storm drains for debris, taking measures to avert power outages and deploying critical equipment. Shelters were prepared to open, if necessary, Stimpson said.
“Don't wait 'til Saturday after dark to decide what you have to do in case things with the storm change,” they said.
Deadly storm slams Central America
Of the 21 dead in Nate's passage through Central America, 11 died in Nicaragua, eight in Costa Rica and two in Honduras, officials said. Several people also were reported missing after the storm hit.
Hundreds were rescued from floodwaters, and many lost power and running water in Nicaragua, Honduras and Costa Rica, officials said.
The main threat for Central America was heavy rainfall, which triggered life-threatening flash flooding and mudslides.
Costa Rica President Luis Guillermo Solis declared a national state of emergency to assist those affected by the storm.
Rain will continue to fall through Friday night in parts of Nicaragua, Honduras, Costa Rica, Panama and Belize, with “life-threatening flash flooding and mud slides possible,” forecasters said.
This story has been updated to reflect the latest death toll from authorities.
Have you really given any seriuos thought to whether or not you're qualified to make those home repairs? Even if it's only replacing a wall socket or a wax ring on a toilet, touching the wrong wire or leaving a loose screw can open up a can of worms that you don't want opened. Be sure to continue to educate yourself on home improvement. The following tips and facts might prove to be very useful one day.
Protect yourself when you change the blades in your utility knife. While changing the blade, wrap tape around the old blade before tossing it in the trash. By doing this, the sharp edges of the blade will be covered. When taking out the trash, or packing down the trash, the sharp edges will not be able to hurt anyone with the tape wrapped around them.
After some initial use, your kitchen cabinets can start to lose their luster. You can shine up kitchen cabinetry by using car wax. Apply some car wax liberally to a towel and wipe your cabinets down in a circular motion. This can make your cabinets appear like they're new and shiny.
Make sure to have a contractor or electrician install a power outlet in the cabinet above where the microwave will go. If you don't do this, you will be struggling to find a place to plug it in during or after the installation of the microwave and hood vent.
Some home improvement projects are best suited for a group of people. By enlisting the help of the whole family, much more work can be done than would have been accomplished by one person. Neighbors or other friends can even be recruited, in return for the promise of future help from you.
When it comes to home improvement, take your current space into consideration before adding on with new construction. It may be much more cost effective to convert either an attic or basement into living space. Added costs come into play when you have to add more to your foundation or roof area.
Prep before you paint. Painting the rooms in your home can provide a new face lift for a little bit of nothing if you are prepared. Don't try to do it all in one day or weekend. Be prepared before you start. Have all of the necessary tools on hand.
As you begin your home improvement project, take care not to demolish too quickly. Take the time to find out just what you'll be disturbing before you pull down cabinets or open holes in walls. The wall in question may contain electrical wiring, plumbing lines, or important equipment; disturbing these by accident can make your project a lot more expensive.
When it comes to home improvement, be sure to have fun with it. This is important because it should be a rewarding experience for you. You will never fully enjoy your home improvement project if it was a burden and brings back bad memories. Consider hiring help if it is expected that you will run into issues completing the project on your own.
If you are selecting a home improvement contractor, be sure to watch out for scams. A good contractor will not solicit door-to-door but will wait for you to come to them. Also, while you will be expected to pay something up front, in most cases a reputable contractor will not expect full payment until the job is completed.
If you live in a home that was built before 1990, consider having your attic re-insulated with newer materials and energy saving foam. Newer home insulation technology can save you hundreds of dollars in less than a year by improving the overall efficiency of your heating and cooling systems.
If you are planning a home improvement project, plan the project before you worry about the budget. Go ahead and price various options, but don't let yourself think about what you can actually afford until you've picked a style. This way, you can focus on what works for you and your house, instead of focusing on the money. Most plans can be adapted to a much lower budget.
If you are going to do home improvements for family members or friends and are not insured to do the repairs you may want to think long and hard before doing the repairs. You can not see extensive damage behind walls and you could be setting yourself up for a lawsuit if you are not able to properly fix the repair after you have started.
If you need more room due to a growing family, don't sell your home. Instead, remodel it. Add on rooms or remodel the ones that you already have to make them bigger. This has some great benefits, it will save you a significant amount of money and the hassle of having to move.
If you are looking for home improvement projects that are guaranteed to raise the value of your home, you can't go wrong with a bathroom or kitchen remodel. Builders and real estate agents estimate that perfecting these rooms is likely to earn you more than 100 percent back on your investment when you put your home up for sale.
When it comes to home improvements, one thing that needs to be understood is that sometimes you have to spend money in order to save money. Buying a new fridge can save you money on electricity, and insulating a room or especially an attic can save on heating and air-conditioning bills. All these types of improvements will also help to increase the value of your home if you decide to sell in the future.
These are the things to take into consideration when you want to tackle your first, or your next home improvement project. You don't have to be an expert to know what you are doing. You just need to have a basic understanding of the do's and the don'ts which is what we have tried to teach you in this article.
Anthony Bourdain is blaming liberals like themselves as the reason Donald Trump won the 2016 election.
In an interview with Reason magazine published Thursday, the host of the CNN culinary travel show Parts Unknown, slammed the “self-congratulatory” and “privileged left” for their disdain for working-class Americans.
“The utter contempt with which privileged Eastern liberals such as myself discuss red-state, gun-country, working-class America as ridiculous and morons and rubes is largely responsible for the upswell of rage and contempt and desire to pull down the temple that we're seeing now,” Bourdain said.
They continued, “I've spent a lot of time in gun-country, God-fearing America. There is a hell of a lot of nice people out there, who are doing what everyone else in this world is trying to do: the best they can to get by, and take care of themselves and the people they love.”
The 60-year-old chef went on to criticize fellow liberals for denying conservatives “their basic humanity and legitimacy of their views” and “mock[ing] them at every turn, and treat[ing] them with contempt.”
Bourdain went on to say these issues aren't specific to the United States. They say Trump's election is part of a “global trend” towards nationalism “that should be of concern to everyone.”
RELATED VIDEO: Natasha Stoynoff on Donald Trump's Very Personal Attacks: ‘It's An Attempt to Silence Women
“If you look around the world (in the Philippines, in England), the rise of nationalism, the fear of the Other. When people are afraid and feel that their government has failed them they do things that seem completely mad and unreasonable to those of who are perhaps under less pressure,” they said.
Bourdain also slammed HBO political talk show host Bill Maher as “the worst of the smug, self-congratulatory left” after being asked about an appearance on Real Time with Bill Maher several years ago.
“Not a show I plan to do again. He's a classic example of the smirking, contemptuous, privileged guy who lives in a bubble,” Bourdain told the outlet. “And they are in no way looking to reach outside, or even look outside, of that bubble, in an empathetic way.
Two Joplin Eagles signed their letters of intent Friday to continue their athletic careers in college. Both of them are soccer players, and both of them are going to be playing at Central Methodist University.
Jonathan Loden and Garrett Nimmo signed Friday to play their college soccer with the Eagles. Loden has been named Joplin's team MVP the last two seasons, while Nimmo has earned 1st team All-Conference and 1st team All-District honors the last two years.
"It's amazing," Loden says, "I've played with them since they were in kindergarten. We've always played together and so I'm just so excited that we get this opportunity."
"I'm really excited for it you know," Nimmo adds, "I've had a great four years here and really enjoyed playing with these guys. I'm excited to move on for a new experience and keep moving up."
Hundreds of ice bears plunge into North Sea for New Year
2/1/17 - Yesterday's traditional North Sea Dip in Ostend for New Year attracted hundreds of enthusiasts despite the cold. Ice bears of all kinds and forms ventured out in the cool seawater, some hesitant, others with the thought that they were going to die... This edition may have been a cold one, but there have been worse, veterans explained. The cash that was raised - participants had to pay 5 euros - goes to a good cause, i.e. Make a Wish and SOS Children's Villages.
VRT ???media.video.type.mz_vod???
Hundreds of ice bears plunge into North Sea for New Year
2/1/17 - Yesterday's traditional North Sea Dip in Ostend for New Year attracted hundreds of enthusiasts despite the cold. Ice bears of all kinds and forms ventured out in the cool seawater, some hesitant, others with the thought that they were going to die... This edition may have been a cold one, but there have been worse, veterans explained. The cash that was raised - participants had to pay 5 euros - goes to a good cause, i.e. Make a Wish and SOS Children's Villages.
EDINBURGH (Sputnik) - Sputnik UK international news agency, has had its membership with the Edinburgh Chamber of Commerce cancelled, and considers the move to be politically motivated, the agency's press service said on Monday.
Membership of the commerce chambers is a common practice for all the companies, which allows them to take an active part in the business and social activities within the country and the region. Sputnik UK is the only international news agency with a main media-hub based in Edinburgh. According to the Sputnik UK press service, the decision of the Edinburgh Chamber of Commerce followed a recent motion passed by the City of Edinburgh Council asking to terminate relationship with the company amid the mounting media pressure against the news agency.
"As a result of an ongoing media and political campaign against Sputnik UK we are disappointed with the decision that has been made by the Chamber of Commerce to end our membership agreement. We disagree with the decision which we believe violates the principles of an independent and non-political body that the Chamber of Commerce claims to be. This is a discreditable moment in the Chambers 230-year history and is a clear signal for other businesses in Edinburgh that media and political pressure can lead to expulsion from this business institution," the statement read.
The Sputnik UK press service specified that the agency generates job opportunities for aspiring media professionals in Scotland and expressed hope that its work and opportunities would be more welcomed as the political climate improves.
3/13: Today, the Kansas Crossing Casino + Hotel announced that the $80-million facility will open its doors to the public on Friday, March 31st at 10:30 a.m.
“This day means a lot to the many people that had a hand in making it happen,” said Carter Bair, Director of Marketing. “None of this would be possible without the support of the City of Pittsburg, Crawford County, and the state of Kansas.”
The casino will also be hosting early access dates during the last week of March for select individuals to attend. “The Sneak Peeks allow us to reward those individuals that were among the first to sign up for our players club” Bair said, “we hope to add more before we open on the 31st.”
The Kansas Crossing Casino will hold its Grand Opening Celebration event on April 8th, which will include special promotions, a limited number of commemorative items, as well as a kick-off concert in their indoor entertainment venue, The Corral. The artist will be announced soon.
“It's been a long wait, but the day is almost here” Bair said, “I can promise you we're as excited as the public to start operations.”
For more information on the Kansas Crossing Casino + Hotel, please visit KansasCrossingCasino.com.
# # #
3/8: Today, the Kansas Crossing Casino + Hotel announced that the $80-million facility, located just outside of Pittsburg, will hold its grand opening event on Saturday, April 8th.
During the day, the casino will host a grand opening event which will feature a number of promotions, a limited number commemorative item giveaways, as well as the opportunity to be one of the first to play on the over 625 slot machines and 16 tables. The casino's restaurant, Two Brothers Mining Co. and The Bronco Bar will also be open for business. The grand opening celebration will also include the first concert held in The Corral, the casino's indoor entertainment venue. The act will be announced at a later date.
“This is the dream come true,” said Doug Fisher, General Manager of Kansas Crossing Casino. “We can't wait to open our doors to our neighbors in southeast Kansas, Missouri, and Oklahoma. The wait is almost over.”
“We've seen a lot of people sign up in advance for our players club” said Carter Bair, Director of Marketing. “We're getting very close to mailing out the first group of cards, usually cards will begin to arrive in-home a week or two before opening.” There is still time to sign up online, those interested in joining the players club can still do so at KansasCrossingCasino.com.
With the casino nearing completion, the facility has created nearly 400 jobs in the area and has awarded partnerships, valued at more than $4.5 million over 10 years, to the Southeast Kansas Career and Technical Education Center, Pittsburg State University, and the Crawford County Convention & Visitors Bureau.
The Israeli Defense Ministry reported Sunday that 2016 was a banner year for F-35 partners. Contracts tied to production of the F-35 shot up 33 percent last year for a total of $258 million in new deals for Israeli companies. Since Israel inked a deal to buy 19 F-35 fighters in 2010, Israeli firms have won more than $1 billion in ‘buy-back contracts.'
"The scope of industrial cooperation between [Lockheed Martin] and Israeli industry, in just the last year, shows the immense potential inherent in this arrangement for the Israeli economy," Col. Avi Dadon, deputy director of purchasing at the Ministry of Defense, noted.
A bulk of the new revenues stemmed from the F-35 virtual reality helmets. Elbit Systems and Rockwell Collins scored a $206 million contract for headgear production.
Like the F-35 project as a whole, the F-35 helmets have faced their share of struggles. The 4.5-pound helmets are reported to cause neck problems for pilots. What's more, the visor has been seen to pop off the heads of pilots during take-off. Since the helmets are critical for pilots to visualize flight, mission, and target information, this essentially leaves pilots blind. In a separate incident, Tom Briggs of the US Navy described the helmets as being comparable to "looking through a dirty window" due to a green glow in the display area.
Meanwhile, Italian officials have complained recently that Lockheed Martin and the US are not following through on jet maintenance contracts. Guido Crosetto, head of Italy's aerospace and defense industry association said Washington has not "honored promises" made when Italy joined the list of US allies to buy the F-35s.
Back in 2002, Italy was told that it would receive contracts for maintenance work worth 65 percent of the $1 billion Rome invested to buy 90 joint strike fighters, Italian media outlets reported. Italian firms currently have contracts valued less than 20 percent of its initial investment, the official added. Instead, contracts went to places like the UK, the Netherlands and Australia "because the competition favored large companies," Crosetto said.
It's not every day a Dalhousie professor is awarded with a high honour, but in Jeff Dahn's case, they have made their mark once again.
Professor Dahn, a faculty member in the Department of Physics and Atmospheric Sciences won the Herzberg Medal, including a $1 million prize. The award is presented annually by the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council (NSERC).
“I was very happy to learn I won,” said Dahn.
The former Dalhousie alumni-turned-professor is a leader in energy research, mainly pertaining to lithium-ion batteries used in most electronic devices. Technology used worldwide such as cellphones and laptops rely on power from lithium-ion batteries.
“If you want to have good electricity, lowering the cost of lithium-ion batteries and increasing its lifetime is important,” said Dahn.
Dalhousie University and Tesla are currently in a five-year partnership with the NSERC for which Dahn sits as the chair. The NSERC contributes 50 percent of funding and Tesla contributes the other half towards research.
“We've been working with Tesla now for six months, and have found useful things which I hope will be incorporated in Tesla products going forward – that's the goal,” said Dahn.
Dahn explains there are plenty of opportunities for students to get involved in energy research at the university. Groups in the engineering department do battery related research.
“My advice for students wishing to get into research is to take the appropriate undergrad courses and develop a passion, and read widely,” said Dahn.
Simon Maranda is an exchange student writing their master's thesis at the Laboratory of Applied Multiphase Thermal Engineering, led by Dr. Groulx.  They are an exchange student at Dalhousie from the Lucerne University in Switzerland, where they work in the thermal energy storage research group.
Maranda explains since renewable energy is produced from weather patterns, energy storage systems such as battery or thermal storage units will become a key component to technology in the future.
“In the future we will have a lot more renewable energy being the top energy resource,” said Maranda.
“Tesla makes energy products used to store power generated from the sun and wind – their main focuses are cars and energy storage,” Dahn explains.
This award will be added to the numerous awards they have been given for their energy research including the Inaugural Governor General's Award last year.
As for the one million dollar prize, Dahn says they plan to use it wisely.
NEW YORK (AP) — Hackers continue to pester HBO, but didn't release any material related to the network's hit show “Game of Thrones” in their latest leak.
The hackers, who broke into HBO's computer network and have been doling out stolen information for the past several weeks, released more unaired episodes, including several of the highly anticipated return of “Curb Your Enthusiasm,” which debuts in October.
advertisement
The latest dump includes Sunday night's episode of “Insecure,” another popular show, and what appear to be episodes of other lower-profile shows, including “Ballers,” the unaired shows “Barry” and “The Deuce,” a comedy special and other programming.
The network acknowledged the hack in late July, and the thieves have been dribbling out stolen video and documents since then while demanding a multimillion-dollar ransom .
They have leaked “Game of Thrones” scripts, sensitive internal documents like job offer letters and a month's worth of emails from a programming executive. But the intrusion has so far fallen well short of the chaos inflicted on Sony when the studio was hacked in 2014.
Still, the criminals may be holding on to more damaging data – both intellectual property, like unaired programming, and sensitive personal information of HBO employees – that they can use as leverage to try to get money from HBO, said Gartner analyst Avivah Litan.
“It's kind of like kidnap and ransom and torture,” they said. “Eventually HBO may have to give in.”
In an emailed statement Sunday, HBO said it's “not going to participate” in what it described as attempts to generate attention by dropping “bits and pieces of stolen information.” The company added that it was not in communication with the hackers. It has said previously that it doesn't believe its email system as a whole was breached.
The long-awaited declassified memo on the Russia investigation that had Washington in a tizzy for days is finally out for everybody to see.
Scroll for more content...
Now the question is, what will President Donald Trump, who views it as proof of corruption at the top of the FBI and "deep state" bias against him, do next?
The document produced by Republican staffers on the House Intelligence Committee alleges serious abuses by the FBI of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. But Democrats says it's a hack job drawn up to shield Trump from special counsel Robert Mueller, whose probe is moving inexorably closer to the President.
Trump's critics believe the purpose of the memo and coordination between committee Chairman Rep. Devin Nunes and the White House, is partly designed to discredit Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who is overseeing the Russia investigation.
Trump left no doubt on Friday that Rosenstein's fate is hanging in the balance, telling reporters "you figure that one out" when they asked them whether they had confidence in Rosenstein, whom they appointed to the job.
Democrats fear that Trump could use Rosenstein's approval of an extended surveillance warrant for campaign foreign policy aide Carter Page, that is outlined in the report, as an excuse to fire him.
"The President hasn't needed much by way of justification to go after people and I hope they won't use this as a mode of pretext, but you never know with Donald Trump," said Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House intelligence panel.
One source told CNN's Jeff Zeleny that Trump blames Rosenstein for the current state of the Russia investigation and is "is unlikely to ever get beyond it." But a Republican who speaks to the President said it was not clear that Rosenstein would be fired, despite clearly being in Trump's sights.
New speculation
The purpose of dispensing Rosenstein would not just be to purge an official they view as disloyal, it would get Trump closer to Mueller themselves and spur new speculation that the President could try to remove the special counsel.
"He may use this memo, false and scurrilous as it is, as a weapon to try and decapitate the leadership of the FBI and the Justice Department as a way of getting to Bob Mueller," said Tim Weiner, author of "Enemies, a History of the FBI," on CNN International on Friday.
"If so, A) they will have obstructed justice yet again and B) they will have created a constitutional crisis the likes of which we haven't seen since the darkest days of Watergate," they said.
Trump, however, has learned that firing key officials does not make the Russia investigation go away -- it simply makes it worse for them -- following their removal of former FBI Director James Comey, which resulted in the appointment of Mueller and an expansion of the Russia probe to find out whether they obstructed justice.
CNN's Pamela Brown reported Friday that there were no current discussions about getting rid of Rosenstein in the White House, largely because Trump believes firing them would only prolong the investigation.
But the fate of the deputy attorney general is not the only unknown that will play out in the coming days.
So far, the FBI has not publicly reacted to the release of the memo. But the bureau vehemently protested against the publication of the document, which it said was blighted by the omission of facts that offered an insight into the true events that led up to the request at a special court for the surveillance of Page.
But it is clear this episode has further fractured relations between the FBI and the White House, a breach that could lead to new and damaging public showdowns and an eroding of morale within the bureau's ranks.
"I can't imagine what it must be like for these folks frankly in some of my old jobs," the former head of the CIA and National Security Agency Michael Hayden said on CNN Friday.
"We have gone to a place we have never gone before which is the injection of not just partisanship but hyper partisanship into the FISA process," they added.
There had been fears among senior officials in the White House that the memo's release could prompt FBI Director Christopher Wray to quit. But they offered their agents a pep talk on Friday, telling them: "The work you do is important and I believe in our mission and support what we do every day."
That message may be a sign that Wray has no intention of walking out the door. Any sense among the rank-and-file that the bureau is being unfairly treated could convince its personnel to double down on their mission in a way that could be bad for Trump. If so, it would not be the only sign that releasing the memo might have backfired.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who has also been ostracized by Trump, appeared to dig in further behind Rosenstein and their the Justice Department's No. 3 official Rachel Brand.
"Rod's had 27 years in the department, Rachel has a number of years in the department previously, so they both represent the kind of quality and leadership that we want in the department," Sessions said on Friday before the release of the Nunes memo.
Political reverberations
The memo furor may also have political reverberations.
The document is certain to drive days of news coverage on Fox News and other pro-Trump outlets, inflaming the already intense campaign that is designed to discredit the Mueller investigation ahead of its final report and to bolster opposition among conservatives against any eventual action against the President.
Trump has made no secret of their purpose in cooperating with Nunes to get the memo published.
"The top leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago, Rank & File are great people!" Trump wrote on Twitter Friday.
Trump's supporters are likely to be convinced that the memo does indeed show evidence of bias against them in the FBI and Justice Department, and those who disdain them will think the opposite, such is the nation's polarization.
But Republicans, who were out selling the report on television soon after it was released will hope that Friday's drama could reshape public opinion even in a small way or simply fog the narrative of the Russia investigation.
"This is the first time in American political history that an opposition research document has been injected into the bloodstream of our intelligence community," Rep. Matt Gaetz, R-Florida, claimed to CNN's Jake Tapper.
"That's not a Republican or Democrat concern. That's an American concern," they said referring to the dossier drawn up by a former British spy on Trump and Russia that was partly paid for by Hillary Clinton's campaign and which the memo said was the premier evidence for the FISA warrant. Democrats dispute that claim.
But attempts to market the memo by Republicans will be challenged by Democrats who view it as evidence of a scheme by the President and Capitol Hill allies to undermine the Russia evidence based on one search warrant application. Democratic leaders hope the committee will vote next week to release their rebuttal to the memo that will challenge the Nunes report. But reflecting the relative powerlessness of Democrats, the document will then have to go to Trump who will have five days to register objections to declassifying it.
There are also calls for a full inquiry into the surveillance application concerning Page, a process that Republicans could choose to pursue in the committee or elsewhere.
Republican Rep. John Ratcliffe of Texas, one of the few lawmakers who has seen the underlying intelligence from which it the memo was drawn, called for further steps to investigate.
"Further oversight and accountability for the individuals in question is necessary to ensure that the American people can have confidence in these important institutions going forward," they said.
Share. "I think I'm OK to tell you that. I probably shouldn't say any more." "I think I'm OK to tell you that. I probably shouldn't say any more."
Crackdown 3's new trailer definitely included Terry Crews, but it wasn't entirely clear if they would be in the game. Thankfully, they officially are, and they will be a playable character in some form.
Speaking to IGN, design director Garett Wilson said, "He's a playable character. I think I'm OK to tell you that. I probably shouldn't say any more. They definitely are a playable character, and he's a character in the narrative, so he's in the opening cutscene and things like that."
It's unclear whether Crews' character, Commander Jaxon will be playable in the campaign (he did not appear to be pickable in the E3 campaign hands-on), or would be playable in the game's multiplayer modes. Wilson did confirm that both the actor's voice and likeness would be used.
Wilson also explained the unusual way Crews got involved in the project:
"That was crazy. We got this call from marketing, and they were like, 'Terry Crews wants to be in the game.' We were like, 'that'd work. That'd absolutely work.' He's a real-life Agent."
Crews isn't shy about their love for video games, or their wishes to be appeared in them. Most notably, the Brooklyn Nine-Nine actor has been vocal about their desire to play potential Overwatch hero, Doomfist.
Crackdown 3 is one of many games confirmed for release during Microsoft's E3 press briefing - you can read what we think of its demo in our hands-on preview.
Joe Skrebels is IGN's UK News Editor, and he'd like to be called Jaxon now. Follow them on Twitter.
April 3 Braas Monier Building Group S.A.:
* Change in the board of directors at Braas Monier Building Group S.A.; structure to be be adapted to the new shareholder structure following the closing of Standard Industries takeover offer for Braas Monier
* Board members Emmanuelle Picard, Francis Carpenter, Guy Harles snd Werner Paschke have resigned from board with effect as of today
* Pierre-Marie de leener, chairperson of board, has resigned from board with effect of March 28, 2017
* By way of co-optation, Matthew Russell, CFO of Braas Monier, David J. Millstone and David S. Winter, Co-CEOs of Standard Industries, Tony Robson, Executive Chairman of Icopal, John F. Rebele, CFO of Standard Industries and Jason I. Pollack, General Counsel at Standard Industries, have been appointed to the Board with effect as of today
* Today's newly appointed board members as well as Georg Harrasser, who was co-opted into board already with effect as of Nov. 9, 2016, have been appointed on a temporary basis until AGM on May 10, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
A poll has indicated half of Calgary residents remain supportive of the city's potential bid for 2026 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games, although it represents a drop in backing from earlier this year.
The media poll was conducted by Janet Brown Opinion Research for CBC News.
The poll asserted that 50 per cent supported the bid, but that it represented a drop of seven percentage points since March.
Opposition to the bid is claimed to be at 44 per cent.
"We found in that short period of time that there's been a seven point drop," the pollster told CBC News.
"That's statistically significant and I think that really says something about some of the concerns that are bubbling up for Calgarians about this bid."
The survey, conducted between June 12 and June 19, included 900 people from the province of Alberta.
It is claimed the survey had a margin of error of plus or minus 3.3 percentage points, 19 times out of 20.
Support for a potential bid was found to be higher outside of Calgary, with overall backing standing at 55 per cent and 36 per cent against.
Residents in Edmonton were found to be the most supportive of a bid, as 60 per cent are believed to be backing the effort to host the Games.
Only 29 per cent were claimed to be against a potential bid in the city.
The poll comes as the No Calgary Olympics group launched a campaign to discover what residents of the Canadian city would rather spend the proposed funding on.
A rival group, Yes Calgary 2026, has also been established with the aim of raising public support for the bid.
Calgary previously hosted the Winter Olympics in 1988 ©IBSF
The two are set to lobby for both sides of the argument prior to Calgary holding a plebiscite on the bid, expected to be held in November.
Earlier this week, the International Olympic Committee published a streamlined Host City Contract document for the 2026 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games.
It is claimed that new requirements, which include removing lavish food and luxury receptions for dignitaries, are more cost effective for host cities.
The IOC also confirmed its intention to contribute an estimated $925 million (£704 million/€796 million) to the city which wins the right to host the 2026 Olympics and Paralympics.
It is possible this could prove key in the outcome of the plebiscite in Calgary.
Crucially, a revised budget is expected to be revealed by Calgary 2026 before the vote, which would detail the potential costs of staging the Games.
Calgary previously hosted the Winter Olympics in 1988.
Photo: Erik Weiss
By Scott T. Sterling
The Killers brought a dose of Morrissey and the Smiths to this year's KROQ Almost Acoustic Christmas show over the weekend (Dec. 10), rolling out the pair of Moz covers during the band's headlining set.
Related: The Killers Perform New Order Classic with Bernard Sumner
While Morrissey was originally scheduled to top the bill, the singer was forced to cancel due to illness.
Brandon Flowers and the Killers admirably assumed the show's top slot, and invoked the spirit of Morrissey with versions of the Smiths' 1983 classic, “This Charming Man.” Later in the set, the Killers shared a take on Morrissey's 1988 solo single, “Everyday is Like Sunday.”
Watch fan video of the performances below.
The Killers covering “This Charming Man” by The Smiths, considering Morrissey cancelled this Acoustic Christmas. https://t.co/G833Ji99OD —
r[Y]an (@rubix_ryan) December 11, 2017
Read in-depth stories, galleries, updates on Assembly Elections | Gujarat Polls
Ahmedabad: Prime Minister Narendra Modi, whose scheduled road show in Gujarat on Tuesday was cancelled, has opted for a different plan. "At 9.30 (a.m.) tomorrow (Tuesday) morning, a plane will land on the waters right here at the Sabarmati Riverfront and fly me to land on the Dharoi dam waters (in north Gujarat)," Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced here on Monday evening.
"From there, I will go to the Ambaji Temple to offer prayers and come back right here and land on the waters."
The Prime Minister was speaking of a sea-plane, which they said, would fly for the first time in India. "The Congress can't even imagine development work like this," they said.
They added that as many as 106 such water-ways had been planned in the country.
#WATCH: #Visuals of seaplane Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be travelling in, from Sabarmati River in Ahmedabad to Dharoi Dam shortly #Gujarat pic.twitter.com/C8mqgzm1LA — ANI (@ANI) December 12, 2017 Visualas of seaplane Narendra Modi will be travelling in: Minutes later, at 10 pm, national BJP president Amit Shah called a one-line press conference at the BJP's specially created election media centre to make the same announcement.
"This is a scheduled event which will happen on time at 9.30 am tomorrow (Tuesday)."
The road show of Modi and Congress-president designate Rahul Gandhi was cancelled after the police refused permission on the grounds of security and traffic congestion.
Having open and honest discussions about your body, sex and consent can give young adults the power to call out violations and report them.
Johannesburg - I remember my 16-year-old self sitting in Life Orientation class when my teacher said “why would they buy the cow when he's getting the milk free of charge”.
This is the standard of sex education that many young women in South Africa have come to know, an appraisal of abstinence and celibacy with very little attention given to anything else.
The nature of sex education in South Africa has always been very conservative with strong ties to religious orthodoxy.
Not only do teachers avoid issues relating to body changes, safe sex and termination of pregnancies, they also avoid veering from heteronormative conventions.
Little research, time and effort is put into trying to understand learners' sexuality and the challenges they might face.
Biology teachers would teach the reproductive system in a detached way, as if we weren't talking about our own body parts and life orientation teachers, while mandated to give a “holistic approach to the personal, social, intellectual, emotional, spiritual, motor and physical growth and development of learners” held on to their conservative views that often left learners uninformed and vulnerable to abuse or disease.
What potential consequences could this lead to:
Many young people are unaware of how their bodies work during puberty and after puberty heading into adulthood.
Knowing their own body and knowing what is healthy and harmful gives pupils a sense of independence. Meaning that when body changes happen, they would be more aware if this is a healthy or a harmful response.
This could be vital in preventing the growth of disease and infections. For example, women who are encouraged to do self-examinations on their breasts, are able to detect anything out the ordinary.
Teenagers and young adults who have no reliable source of reference for what sex is, tend to rely on distorted sources of information such as the media, unrealistic movie “rules” and even pornography, the latest of which is considered extreme and convey toxic messaging.
Sources like these are focused on harmful sexual ideals that prioritize the dominance of men and the submission of women for their pleasure.
With imagery of male aggression, women are seen to be devoid of autonomy. This could lead to women having uncomfortable and unpleasurable sexual encounters, where their own needs are placed secondary to their male partners.
Ignorance around how pregnancy and reproduction works contributes to South Africa's alarming rate of teenage pregnancies.
Partners in Sexual Health reports that 30% of South African teenagers (between 15 - 19-year-olds) have attested to ever being pregnant. A majority of these pregnancies are among 18- and 19-year-olds.
Pregnancy affects learners differently depending on their age. The older the student, the less likely the student will return to complete formal schooling.
Some of the consequences affect women and young girls disproportionately.
Young girls who leave school, even for a short period, are at risk of poor school performance, failing a year or even dropping out of school completely. These statistics are made worse by the inaccessibility to protection against unsafe sex practices.
This protection could prevent pregnancy and disease such as contraceptive pills, IUDs and condoms.
Pregnant teenage women who are uninformed and pregnant are unaware of the options available to them, such as adoption and the right to termination of pregnancy.
Young men and women are especially vulnerable to rape and other sexual violences when they feel ignorant about their own bodies and are oblivious to their rights.
Having open and honest discussions about your body, sex and consent can give young adults the power to call out violations and report them.
It is a common assumption that to speak about processes relating to sex education encourages young people to be sexually active.
Comprehensive sex education makes sure that young people are informed to make safe decisions and are capable of knowing when their rights or human dignity has been infringed.
A greater understanding of issues related to sex education not only make the classroom more relevant and engaging, but it also works at shifting community attitudes.
This creates an environment where fellow community members are brave enough to set aside their own beliefs in order to give an informed and supportive understanding to young persons.
* Khadija Bawa is an Intern in the Sustained Dialogues programme at the Institute for Justice and Reconciliation.
** The views expressed here are not necessarily those of Independent Media.
The Star
BT Sport plans to add support for Chromecast, making it the second UK broadcaster available through Google's HDMI dongle.
John Petter, consumer division head at BT, announced via The Financial Times that BT Sport is coming to Chromecast, though only BT Broadband customers would have access to BT Sport content including Premier League matches and FA Cup coverage.
Apart from streaming services like YouTube, Google Play, and Netflix, BBC iPlayer is the only other UK broadcaster available through Chromecast. That said, Sky, another UK broadcaster, recently confirmed it might update NOW TV with support for Chromecast.
So, if you're a BT subscriber, you'll soon be able to watch all sorts of football goodies on your television simply by casting video from your mobile devices or browser - no cables or set-top boxes required. You'll just need a Chromecast.
A roll-out date has not been disclosed, but we've contacted BT for a more detail and will update when that information is known.
READ: Google Chromecast review
Google first released Chromecast in 2013, allowing users to beam songs, albums, movies, pictures, and other types of content from apps on a mobile device or desktop browser to their big screen. It works with Android tablets and smartphones, as well as iPhones, iPads, Chrome for Mac and Chrome for Windows.
Although it is nearly a year old, Google's streaming device only recently launched in the UK for £30.
Waste management group, Zoomlion on Wednesday carried out a day's massive disinfection exercise in the South Dayi District capital, Kpeve.
The exercise which was in collaboration with the assembly covered the Kpeve SHS, the public toilet near the lorry station, police station, market and refuse container sites and final refuse disposal site at Tsate.
It was also carried out at unauthorised refuse dumps in the town and also along the drains.
Mr Isaac Ablormeti, Volta Regional Vector Control Officer said that the exercise was principally meant to rid the areas of the large concentration of mosquitoes, cockroaches and other harmful insects in a move to prevent cholera, dysentery, malaria and other diseases.
“It is also one of our strategies to maintain a clean, safe and comfortable environment”, they added.
Mr Ablormeti said that the strong collaborative efforts between the assembly and Zoomlion over the years had led to a growing and positive public awareness and attitudinal change on sanitation in the district.
The District Environmental Health Officer, Mr Moses C.K. Awude said that public response to the exercise was encouraging.
Therefore, it must be sustained.
Private-equity firm New Mountain Capital LLC is in advanced talks to buy laboratory equipment supplier VWR Corp (VWR.O) in a deal that could be valued at nearly $5 billion, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing sources.
The talks may yield a deal as soon as this week, people familiar with the matter told the newspaper, assuming they don't fall apart. on.wsj.com/2pxuCNc
Shares of VWR were up 26.2 percent at $36.00 in afternoon trading on Wednesday.
VWR, which sells laboratory products such as chemicals, reagents, consumables and scientific instruments, had market capitalization of $3.76 billion as of Tuesday's close, according to Reuters data.
Both companies were immediately unavailable for comment.
(Reporting by Sruthi Shankar in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto)
Trees have the ability to capture and remove pollutants from the soil and degrade them through natural processes in the plant. It's a feat of nature companies have used to help clean up polluted sites, though only in small-scale projects. Now, a probiotic bacterium for trees can boost the speed and effectiveness of this natural cycle, providing a microbial partner to help protect trees from the toxic effects of the pollutants and break down the toxins plants bring in from contaminated groundwater.
Researchers from the University of Washington and several small companies have conducted the first large-scale experiment on a Superfund site using poplar trees fortified with a probiotic -- or natural microbe -- to clean up groundwater contaminated with trichloroethylene (TCE), a common pollutant found in industrial areas that is harmful to humans when ingested through water or inhaled from the air. Their results were published in final version Aug. 11 in the journal Environmental Science & Technology.
The successful field trial could be a game changer to quickly and effectively clean up Superfund sites around the country and polluted sites abroad that have high levels of TCE, the authors say.
"These results open the door," said corresponding author Sharon Doty, a UW professor in the School of Environmental and Forest Sciences. "We have known about this process for a long time from our laboratory research, but it hasn't been used in practice because there were no field results. Now, engineering companies can start using this in real life."
Contaminated sites containing TCE and other pollutants can be expensive to clean up when using engineering methods such as excavating or pumping toxins from underground. As a result, many sites sit untreated. This new method allows contaminated sites to be dealt with more effectively, often at lower costs, promoting human health.
Doty's lab worked to find the best microbe strain that could effectively break down TCE and boost tree growth. Jun Won Kang, a former UW graduate student, had obtained poplar wood from a site in the Midwest where trees were already growing in TCE-contaminated soil. After grinding down small samples of the trees and isolating over a hundred different microbes, each strain was then placed in a flask containing high levels of TCE.
The microbe that ultimately was selected eliminated nearly all of the TCE in its flask. The researchers had a clear winner. "The poplar at the older site in the Midwest selected for the best microbes to help it do its job," Doty explained. "We took advantage of that natural selection process. We just had to find the best ones that the plant already chose."
The pollutant TCE has been used widely as a degreaser and a solvent in industrial manufacturing sites across the country. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency cites TCE as one of the most common pollutants in soil or water, and it is present in more than 1,000 sites the agency lists as priorities for cleanup. TCE is a known carcinogen to humans, affecting the liver and even transferring the toxin to nursing babies through mothers' breastmilk.
Given the prevalence and toxicity of TCE, the researchers used the chemical to test the ability of poplar trees infused with microbes to clean up groundwater in the Middlefield-Ellis-Whisman Superfund research area in California's Silicon Valley after it had subsequently flowed into the NASA Research Park at NASA's Ames Research Center. At NASA Ames, in coordination with NASA Ames' Environmental Division, the researchers planted rows of young poplar trees -- some inoculated with the specific microbe, and others without -- on a field above a known groundwater plume contaminated with TCE.
After only a year, the trees given the microbe were bigger and healthier than the poplars with no special treatment. After three years, the inoculated trees were still more robust, and a sample of tree trunks revealed greatly reduced levels of TCE inside the trees.
When trees take up and degrade chemicals, called phytoremediation, it often comes at the expense of their own health. This manifests as stunted growth, yellow leaves, withering brown leaves and branches, and sometimes death as the pollutant hampers the tree's ability to survive. But when the microbe selected specifically to deal with this toxin is introduced, the trees destroyed the TCE -- and experienced more robust growth and increased survival rates, clear benefits of the probiotic.
"The real goal is to try to improve performance," said co-author Michael Blaylock, president and CEO of Edenspace Systems Corporation in Virginia. "If we have something that speeds up and improves performance and makes it so the trees can grow better, that's really what we were trying to accomplish with this project."
Additionally, the researchers found that groundwater samples taken directly downstream from the test site showed much lower levels of the toxin, compared with higher levels up-gradient from the testing area. They also found evidence of increased chloride in the soil around the poplar roots, a harmless, naturally occurring element and byproduct of TCE as it is degraded by the bacteria inside trees.
A number of organizations have expressed interest in using this technology, said co-author John Freeman, chief science officer for Intrinsyx Technologies Corporation based at NASA's Research Park. And landowners hampered by the high costs associated with traditional clean-up methods are starting to use the technology.
"This has the potential to make a huge impact on a lot of legacy sites where you have contaminated groundwater issues, including TCE, and where funding is currently less available," Freeman said. "This is definitely a big cost savings to everyone involved. It's a real win-win situation because it's green, it's long-term sustainable, publicly acceptable and it's solar powered by the trees themselves."
###
Other co-authors are Christopher Cohu of Phytoremediation and Phytomining Consultants United; Joel Burken of Missouri University of Science and Technology; Andrea Firrincieli of Tuscia University in Italy; Andrew Simon of Edenspace Systems Corporation; Zareen Khan of the UW; Jud Isebrands of Environmental Forestry Consultants; and Joseph Lukas of Earth Resources Technology.
The work was funded by the National Institutes of Health through a Small Business Innovation Research grant. Support for Doty's research was also provided by the Byron and Alice Lockwood Foundation.
For more information, contact Doty at sldoty@uw.edu or 206-616-6255; Blaylock at blaylock@edenspace.com or 703-961-8700; and Freeman at Jfreeman@intrinsyx.com or 650-210-9219.
Selena Gomez has released the music video for their new single “Bad Liar.”
Related: Selena Gomez on ‘Intentional, Refreshing, & Moody' New Album
The visual, which was directed by Jesse Peretz, features Gomez playing multiple roles including a high school student, their blonde alter-ego, and their own parents (both the man and woman).
The clip ends with a title card that reads “Coming Soon,” followed by the word “Fetish.” Is this the title of Selena's new album or next single? Only time will tell.
Check out the video for “Bad Liar” below.
Around 60 people have been killed in a bloody prison riot sparked by a war between rival drug gangs in the Amazon jungle city of Manaus, officials said on Monday, in some of the worst violence in years in Brazil's overcrowded penitentiary system.
The head of security for Amazonas state, Sergio Fontes, told a news conference that the death toll could rise as authorities get a clearer idea of the scale of the rebellion sparked by a fight between rival drug gangs.
Manaus' Em Tempo newspaper reported that several of the dead had their decapitated bodies thrown over the prison wall.
The riot began late Sunday and was brought under control by around 7am on Monday, Fontes said. Authorities were still counting the prisoners to determine how many had escaped, they added.
International watchdog groups sharply criticise Brazil for its prison system, where overcrowding is the norm and deadly riots routinely break out.
The massacre was the latest clash between inmates aligned with the Sao Paulo-based First Capital Command (PCC) drug gang, Brazil's most powerful, and a local Manaus criminal group known as the North Family.
The Manaus-based gang is widely believed to be attacking PCC inmates at the behest of the Rio de Janeiro-based Red Command (CV) drug gang, Brazil's second largest.
Security analysts have said that a truce that held for years between the PCC and CV was broken last year, resulting in months of deadly prison battles between the gangs and sparking fears that chaos will spread to other prisons.
In the latest riot, a group of inmates exchanged gunfire with police and held 12 prison guards hostage late on Sunday in the largest prison in Manaus, an industrial city on the banks of the Amazon River, Globo TV reported.
Fontes said that 74 prisoners were taken hostage during the riot, with some executed and some released.
A video posted on the website of the Manaus-based newspaper Em Tempo showed dozens of bloodied and mutilated bodies piled atop each other on the prison floor as other inmates milled about.
Brazil's prison system is precariously overcrowded and conditions in many institutions are horrific. That has sparked a rash of deadly riots in recent years.
Sunday's riot was the deadliest in years. A 1992 rebellion at the Carandiru prison in São Paulo state saw 111 inmates killed, nearly all of them by police as they retook the jail.
OAK RIDGE (WATE)- The New Year's Baby is often associated with the start of a new year and new beginnings. At the Methodist Medical Center of Oak Ridge one family was the first to welcome a newborn in 2017.
“I'm kind of lost for words, I'm kind of mind boggled at this point.” said T.C. Wells Jr, father to the newborn boy.
Arkin Lynn was born just after 10 a.m. on January 1st. They were the first baby born at the Methodist Medical Center in 2017. Their mother says they waited three days so that they would be born on New Year's.
 They are the youngest brother to two sisters and they are all linked by their family bond, but also, their middle names.
“They're Lynn after my sister, they started their trend when they found out I was pregnant with them Every since I let them pick out the middle name as Lynn so they can all share it together.” said Letrisha Cline, mother.
Cline says their daughters are excited to have a baby brother. Cline and Wells were surrounded by family and friends as they welcomed their son.
When the Kansas City Chiefs agreed to trade Alex Smith to the Washington Redskins, it was assumed Redskins quarterback Kirk Cousins would become a free agent.
Apparently Cousins expects that, too.
"You know, the trade is still agreed to in principle, so it's not set in stone until March 14," Cousins said on the NFL Network on Friday. "But I do expect to be a free agent, but we'll see."
Cousins was still hoping there was a way they could stay with Washington until news of the Smith deal broke. Cousins was not aware of the trade until they heard the media reports.
"I was working out at my hotel here in Indianapolis, and when the workout ended, I had a long list of text messages and people reaching out," Cousins recalled. "A bunch of friends who said, 'Did you hear the news? Did you hear the news?' So I quickly found out what had happened."
Cousins said they were not told of the trade until the following day.
"The next day they reached out and just kind of explained what happened," Cousins said. "Yeah, in this league I've learned to just expect curveballs and you never really should act surprised to what happens because anything can take place."
If and when Cousins becomes a free agent, they are expected to have a number of suitors.
"Ever since then, it's been dictated to me what would happen," Cousins said. "So if I do get a chance to pick, I look forward to that opportunity and I'm excited to see what the future holds."
Cousins figures to make a lot of money as the only prominent quarterback on the free-agent market this offseason.
LAS VEGAS (KLAS) — One way people are honoring the lives lost in shooting in Las Vegas is by opening up their wallets.
MGM Resorts already donated a whopping $3 million to the victims and their families and Sheldon Adelson and the Las Vegas Sands Corporation donated $4 million. Zappo's, the UFC, and Station Casinos have all pledged $1 million each.
Many individuals are also donating what they can, including more than $9 million raised in a GoFundMe campaign started by Clark County Commissioner Steve Sisolak and Sheriff Joe Lombardo. However, many are questioning exactly how the money will be put into the hands of those who need it most?
Commissioner Sisolak said the idea to start a fund to help to shoot victims quickly exceeded expectations. It is not clear how the millions of dollars in the fund will be dispersed.
“We set up a GoFundMe account because the sheriff and I thought that we could maybe help some of these victims with funeral expenses, with travel expenses,” Sisolak said.
READ MORE: Stories about the Las Vegas victims
At Wednesday's county commission meeting, the discussion focused on whether a third party such as the National Center for Victims of Crime could be brought in to handle the administrative duties. Those duties include getting the money into the hands of those who need it most by paying for ongoing medical treatments, travel expenses for the wounded and funeral expenses for those who died.
“We are in the process now of deciding strategy and structure, how to give out the money. We had people today who flew in to meet with county staff to try and coordinate this. The sheriff and I are not involved with this. We started it, but that's the extent of what we plan to do,” Sisolak said.
It is not known how and to whom the Las Vegas money would be distributed, but a large chunk of the donated money will stay with GoFundMe, the company which hosts the fundraising webpage. GoFundMe charges a standard 7.9 percent of all the money raised plus a fee of 30 cents per donation. As of thursday evening, 77,000 individual donations have been made from 75 countries around the world. That means the total fee charged by GoFundMe for hosting the Las Vegas page could exceed $776,000 dollars.
Whether GoFundMe can be talked into cutting some slack on its fees is unknown. Commissioner Sisolak said, that in addition to a group from Boston, county staff also met with groups who managed similar funds following tragedies in New York and Orlando. Whoever administers the Las Vegas fund must agree to allow for local control in vetting which people qualify to receive some of the money.
If you'd rather not use GoFundMe, you can send a check to the “Las Vegas Victims' Fund” at the following address:
Steve Sisolak
Clark County
500 S. Grand Central Parkway
Las Vegas, NV 89155
Sheriff's Office
Las Vegas Victim's Fund
Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department
400 S. Martin L. King Blvd.
Las Vegas, NV 89106
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
Older cancer patients and their caregivers often differ in their assessment of the patient's physical abilities, with caregivers generally rating the patient's physical function as poorer, according to a new study published in The Oncologist. The study also found that differences in assessment of physical abilities between patients and caregivers were associated with greater caregiver burden.
For as long as possible, older cancer patients are generally cared for in their own homes by family or friends, with spouses being the most common caregivers. This care can include everything from ensuring patients take their medication to transporting them to hospital appointments to bathing and dressing them, and can impose emotional, financial and physical burdens on caregivers.
"Caregivers are such an important part of our healthcare system, particularly for older adults with cancer," says corresponding author Arti Hurria at City of Hope National Medical Center, CA. "We wanted to further understand the factors that are associated with caregiver burden."
Based on their experiences treating older cancer patients, one factor Hurria and their colleagues at City of Hope thought might be important is differences in assessments of patient health and physical abilities between patients and their caregivers. "In daily practice we sometimes see a disconnect between what the patient perceives their general health and abilities to be in comparison to what the caregiver thinks. We wanted to see whether this disconnect impacted caregiver burden."
To do this, Hurria and their colleagues questioned 100 older cancer patients being treated at City of Hope, together with their caregivers, about the patient's general health and physical function, meaning their ability to perform everyday activities. They then compared the answers given by the patients and their respective caregivers. They also assessed the level of caregiver burden experienced by the caregivers, defined as a subjective feeling of stress caused by being overwhelmed by the demands of caring, by conducting a standard questionnaire on topics such as sleep disturbance, physical effort and patient behavior.
The 100 cancer patients, aged from 65 to 91, were suffering from a variety of different types of cancer, with the most common being lymphoma, breast cancer and gastrointestinal cancers. The ages of the caregivers ranged from 28 to 85 and the majority were female (73%), mainly either the spouse of the patient (68%) or an adult child (18%).
Hurria and their colleagues found that caregivers consistently rated patients as having poorer physical function and mental health and requiring more social support than the patients themselves did. However, only the disparity in the assessment of physical function was associated with greater caregiver burden. What is still unclear is the cause of this disparity.
"I think there are two possible explanations," says first author Tina Hsu. "One is that older adults with cancer either don't appreciate how much help they require or, more likely, they are able to preserve their sense of independence and dignity through a perception that they feel they can do more than they really can. Alternatively, it is possible that caregivers who are more stressed out perceive their loved one to require more help than they actually do need. Most likely, the truth of how much help the patient actually needs lies somewhere between what patients and caregivers report."
Based on their findings, Hsu, Hurria and their colleagues advise that clinicians should consider assessing caregiver burden in those caregivers who report the patient as being more dependent than the patient does themselves.
"Caregivers play an essential role in supporting older adults with cancer," says Hsu. "We plan to further explore factors associated with caregiver burden in this population, particularly in those who are frailer and thus require even more hands-on support. We also hope to explore what resources caregivers of older adults with cancer feel they need to better help them with their role."
Bruce A. Chabner, MD, Editor-in-Chief of The Oncologist, commented, "This report emphasizes the importance of direct communication between the health care team and the patient. Among older patients, the reports of local caregivers may not accurately reflect the patient's sense of well-being and symptoms. The message is: talk to the patient first!"
###
Additional Information
Full citation: "Are Disagreements in Caregiver and Patient Assessment of Patient Health Associated with Increased Caregiver Burden in Caregivers of Older Adults with Cancer?" Tina Hsu, Matthew Loscalzo, Rupal Ramani, Stephen Forman, Leslie Popplewell, Karen Clark, Vani Katheria, Rex Strowbridge, Redmond Rinehart, Dan Smith, Keith Matthews, Jeff Dillehunt, Tao Feng, David Smith, Canlan Sun, Arti Hurria. The Oncologist. Published Online: August 14, 2017; DOI: 10.1634/theoncologist.2017-0085.
URL Upon Publication: http://dx. doi. org/ 10. 1634/ theoncologist. 2017-0085
Author Contact: To arrange an interview with Arti Hurria, please contact Denise Heady at City of Hope Media Relations (dheady@coh.org; +1 626-218-8803).
About The Oncologist
Now celebrating its 22nd edition, this internationally peer-reviewed journal focuses on clear and concise interpretation addressing the multimodality diagnosis, treatment and quality of life of the cancer patient. Each issue is meant to impact the practice of oncology and to facilitate significant communication in the introduction of new medical treatments and technologies. The Oncologist is the official journal of the Society for Translational Oncology (STO).
About AlphaMed Press
Established in 1983, AlphaMed Press, which has offices in Durham, NC, San Francisco, CA, and Belfast, Northern Ireland, is the publisher of three internationally renowned peer-reviewed journals. The Oncologist®, which is entering its 20th year, is devoted to community and hospital-based oncologists and physicians entrusted with cancer patient care. STEM CELLS®, celebrating its 35th year, is the world's first journal devoted to this fast paced field of research. STEM CELLS Translational Medicine®, currently in its sixth year, is dedicated to significantly advancing the clinical utilization of stem cell molecular and cellular biology.
About Wiley
0 Nick Jonas, Priyanka Chopra are dating, report says
LOS ANGELES - “Quantico” actor Priyanka Chopra and singer Nick Jonas are reportedly a couple.
According to Us Weekly, Jonas, 25, and Chopra, 35, were seen together over Memorial Day weekend, attending the “Beauty and the Beast Live” concert in Los Angeles Friday.
>> Read more trending news
“They walked in together just before the performance was starting, they looked great together, but no hand-holding or obvious PDA,” an unnamed source said of the couple's concert date. The source said they left just as the show ended.
On Saturday, another unnamed source told Us Weekly, they couple sat together at a Los Angeles Dodgers game.
“Priyanka and Nick were talking really closely and were very smiley and very happy,” an onlooker told Us. “They weren't trying to be private as they were in a pretty public place, but they were talking to people around them, sitting closely and they both just seemed super happy.”
According to BuzzFeed, the two were photographed at some point over the weekend posing on a boat with Wilmer Valderamma, Jack McBrayer and other actors. The photos were reposted by a Priyanka Chopra fan page on Instagram.
Whether Chopra and Jonas are dating or not, the two are definitely friends. They walked the 2017 Met Gala red carpet together as dates.
“Yeah, we were on the same table and we already know each other,” Choproa said in an interview with Jimmy Kimmel last year, according to Us Weekly. “So they were like ‘Hey, you wanna go together?' And I was like, ‘Yeah, OK, let's go together.' It ended up working out.”
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Sputnik: So Scotland most senior conservative Ruth Davidson has challenged Theresa May to ditch immigration targets to fund the NHS and help young people to buy homes… How significant is this and is it a realistic proposal?
Colin Fox: First of I think Ruth Davidson is right about the underfunding of the NHS both at local level and national level. The blame for that lies with the Tories in Westminster and the SNP in Scotland. The fact of the matter is the SNP is underfunded because it spends far too much of its budget on these hugely unpopular and unprofitable PFI contracts. Here in Edinburgh, the Royal Infirmary, it would have cost us £300M if we had bought part of the traditional NHS budget but cost us £3Bn. Similarly, the SNP's sick children hospital, being built under the Scottish futures trust, costing us a fortune, and we don't even own it. If that what she's [Ruth Davidson] getting then she's right but I suspect she's not. The NHS needs more funds and more funds spent on frontline services instead of these huge PFI contracts.
Sputnik: This statement from Davidson follows an analysis from the Institute for Fiscal Studies setting out how necessary NHS funding increases will require taxes to rise by up to 2.6 per cent of GDP or £2,000 per household. It seems like revenue earned from scrapping immigration targets still seems way off from meeting this 2.6 per cent rise in GDP…. Is this actually a commitment from Ruth Davidson or just a ploy to win over voters?
Colin Fox: I think it's a gimmick. These hypothecated taxes, where they raise money with the idea to spend it on one particular purpose; the trouble is the populations do not trust politicians to keep their word. Whilst the NHS is loved, taxes and politicians aren't. I'm in favor in raising taxes on people who don't pay tax and who need to – a wealth tax. We need to introduce a Tobin Tax on financial transactions, or a windfall tax on the Oil Companies profits. Something that Ruth Davidson has never done is stopping the enormous sums of companies avoiding paying tax. Tax avoidance and tax evasion are colossal problems in Britain; Starbucks pay no taxes, Amazon pays no taxes, Apple and Google… we need to close these tax havens where billions of pounds are pouring out of the country and make sure that money is going to the NHS, rather than Ruth Davidson adding taxes to the burden of working people, who already pay too much tax in the country.
Sputnik: Parliamentary elections in Scotland are just around the corner… What effect will Davidson's comments have on the SNP — Scotland's largest party?
Colin Fox: With less than a year away from Britain leaving the EU, I feel that has been much talk by people like Nicola Sturgeon, Ruth Davidson and many others, most of their forecasts have been well off the mark. These people were saying in 2016 when we voted to the EU, they were forecasting doom and gloom and it's not happened. We're all entitled to feel jaded about these Nostradamus-like predictions. They're not honest, they didn't vote to leave, so they're hardly likely to give their best intelligence about what's going to happen. I think Brexit will happen and very little difference will be made, working people still find themselves working for poverty wages in Scotland, insecure contracts, young people still find themselves miles from decent accommodation and their own house – that's not going to change by Brexit. The real policies that we need will not be coming from Ruth Davidson and Nicola Sturgeon. I suspect the 2021 Scottish Parliament elections we'll see a very very great change in political horizon that we've got at the moment.
The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
[India] May 31 (ANI): The Delhi High Court on Thursday dismissed the bail plea filed by Hizbul Mujahideen (HM) chief Syed Salahuddin son Syed Shahid Yusuf in a Hawala terror funding case.
On April 21, National Investigation Agency (NIA) filed a chargesheet against Yusuf in terror funding case.
The NIA filed the chargesheet on April 20 against Shahid Yusuf, under section 120-B of the IPC and 13, 17, 18, 20, 21, 38 and 40 of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, 1967, for willfully raising, receiving, collecting 'terror funds' and holding proceeds of terrorism' for furtherance of terrorist activities in Jammu and Kashmir.
Yusuf, a resident of Soi Bugh village in Budgam district, is a former employee of Jammu and Kashmir Agriculture Department. They were suspended after they were arrested by the NIA. They were the seventh accused against whom a chargesheet had been filed in the case. The other accused includes Ghulam Mohammad Bhat, Mohammad Sidiq Ganai, Ghulam Jeelani Liloo, Farooq Ahmad Dagga, Mohammad Maqbool Pandit and Aijaz Ahmad Bhat. Out of these seven accused people, five, including Yusuf, are in custody and two namely Mohd Maqbool Pandit and Aijaz Ahmad Bhat are absconding. Of the four accused facing trial in the case, three accused people namely Mohammad Sidiq Ganai, Ghulam Jeelani Liloo, and Farooq Ahmad Dagga have already pleaded guilty. (ANI)
The CW
It's been 10 years since Gossip Girl hit the CW and won over viewers with the fantastical melodramas of the New York City elite, but Blair Waldorf's signature stylish headbands will live on forever. Over the series six seasons, New York accessory designer Jennifer Behr became Gossip Girl's designer of choice for all of the over-the-top hair accessories sported by Queen B (who was expertly portrayed by actor Leighton Meester)
Now, in honor of Gossip Girl‘s 10th anniversary (and just in time for the holiday season), the accessories designer announced she's bringing back one of Waldorf's most iconic crystal headbands for a limited time.
“As seen on the inimitable Blair Waldorf on Gossip Girl, we've reissued this all-time-favorite that everyone has been asking for! Get it while you can,” the brand said of the beautiful headpiece worn by the show's character in Season Two's “The Ex-Files” episode.
Looking for more style content? Click here to subscribe to the PeopleStyle Newsletter for amazing shopping discounts, can't-live-without beauty products and more.
SPOTTED: your all-time favorite headband Blair wore on Gossip Girl is BACK on our site for a limited time, to celebrate 10 years since their TV debut. Get yours before S steals your thunder and does it first… 🤣 Link in bio xoxo JB A post shared by JENNIFER BEHR (@jenniferbehr) on Dec 9, 2017 at 7:18am PST
RELATED PHOTOS: The Best Jewelry Under $50 To Gift
Handmade using Swarovski crystals, the glamorous headband features an intricate scallop pattern and is finished in the back with elastic for a perfectly comfortable fit and is available online for a limited time for $325.
Jennifer Behr headband Jennifer Behr
Buy It! Jennifer Behr The Double Crystal Scallop Headwrap, $325; jenniferbehr.com
This isn't the first time Gossip Girl lovers have had the chance to get their hands on the accessories worn by Blair on the show. In 2012, when the series was in its final season, Behr commemorated the end of an era by releasing a gift set featuring the most memorable pieces Blair wore on the show.
Are you going to try to get your hands on this headband while supplies last? Tell us in the comments below.
TORONTO – Two Toronto police officers have been suspended for allegedly consuming marijuana edibles on duty. How'd they get caught? They reportedly got so high on the cannabis treats, their hallucinations made one call for backup while the other climbed a tree.
Constable Vito Dominelli and Constable Jamie Young were in plainclothes surveillance about 1 a.m. Sunday when they allegedly ate the marijuana-laced products and began to hallucinate, according to CTV News. Young called for back up, telling dispatch they were going to pass out, after Dominelli left the car and was later found in a tree.
One of the first responders reportedly slipped on icy ground as they were trying to help tree-bound Dominelli; they had to be taken to a hospital and treated for a concussion.
And still, it gets worse.
Along with all of the above possible violations, the Toronto Police Service's Professional Standards Committee is also investigating the source of the pot edibles, since there's a chance they were snagged during an earlier raid on a marijuana dispensary.
Both Dominelli and Young have been suspended with pay during the investigation, but no charges have been filed at this point.
Rustenburg - The bus strike will be intensified if a resolution is not reached, the SA Federation of Trade Unions (Saftu) said on Tuesday.
"If there is no resolution by 6pm today [Tuesday] the strike will be intensified, there is a one percent difference between us and the bosses," Puseletso Molise, Saftu North West Convener said.
"The strike is on. We have mobilised forces, the taxi industry will join the strike, the truck drivers will park trucks on the roads and leave them there, mineworkers will down tools, the general public will support the strike," they said.
"What ever happens from today onwards, Saftu will not be held responsible."
Bus drivers went on a strike on April 18, demanding a minimum salary of R8 000 pay per and better working conditions.
"We requested a 9.5 percent increase for the first year. We moved from 15 percent to this because we want stability in the country. But our employers are stuck on eight percent refusing to give us that one percent to meet our nine percent demand," they said.
African News Agency/ANA
If you love bookshops, Parisian charm and an intriguing mystery, then this beguiling story could be your favourite summer read.
Break opens a bottle of vin rouge and get lost in the bittersweet life of American Leah Eady as they journey through uncharted waters in search of their missing husband, and ends up finding both themselves and a new way of life in the heart of the French capital.
Paris by the Book – an enchanting portrait of both a lost soul and a magical city – comes from the pen of Liam Callanan from Wisconsin, an author, teacher and journalist whose first novel, The Cloud Atlas, was a finalist for an Edgar Award.
Set in the Marais, a historic and fashionable district of Paris famous for its trendy restaurants, fashion houses and hip galleries, Callanan's seductive blend of reading and romance peers between the pages of two French landmark books as a marriage and a mystery start to unravel in haunting and poignant style.
Once a week, Leah Eady chases men in the hope that they might be their husband. It might sound bizarre but their story began nearly 20 years ago when they met and fell in love with aspiring and somewhat eccentric writer Robert Eady in their home town of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Their shared interest in classic children's books, The Red Balloon by French author and filmmaker Albert Lamorisse, and the Madeline series by Austria-Hungary-born American writer Ludwig Bemelmans, was the spark that brought them together.
Leah gave up their dreams of being a filmmaker when they married and they dedicated their life to becoming a loving, organised mother to their two daughters Daphne and Ellie while Robert pursued a career as a successful children's book author.
Over the years, Leah accepted that Robert would sometimes disappear for days on end for what they called their ‘writeaways,' time and space alone to write. But in recent years, their career has been ‘taking one wrong turn after another' and now they have walked out and not come back.
The only clue to Robert's whereabouts is the discovery of plane tickets to Paris and Leah sets off for France with their teenage daughters. There they discover an unfinished manuscript, one Robert had been writing without their knowledge, and featuring a story set in Paris.
Hoping to uncover more clues, Leah takes over a small, struggling English-language bookshop in the bustling Marais district, only to realise that Robert might just be closer than any of them had ever imagined… but what if they don't want to be found?
Robert's mysterious disappearance is the driving force behind this fascinating French foray and Callanan eloquently reminds us of the artistic rigours of writing that often go unseen and uncomprehended by readers, and the power that rests in books to inform us, unite us, and bring both joy and solace.
But Paris by the Book is essentially a carefully and beautifully crafted love story… the multi-faceted love between a man and a woman, the loving bonds of family, the eternal romance of Paris, and the age-old love affair with books.
Leah's acutely observant and often moving narration explores family life, the sacrifices we make for both our partners and our children, and the imperative to start again when all that we have come to rely on is suddenly snatched away.
Packed with literary allusions, home truths, an enchanting bookshop and seductive snapshots of Paris, this is the perfect escape for the holiday season.
(HQ, trade paperback, £12.99)
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Crouching Yeti infrastructure uncovered
Kaspersky Lab has uncovered infrastructure used by the well-known Russian-speaking APT group Crouching Yeti, also known as Energetic Bear, which includes compromised servers across the world.
According to the research, numerous servers in different countries were hit since 2016, sometimes in order to gain access to other resources. Others, including those hosting Russian websites, were used as watering holes.
Crouching Yeti is a Russian-speaking advanced persistent threat (APT) group that Kaspersky Lab has been tracking since 2010. It is best known for targeting industrial sectors around the world, with a primary focus on energy facilities, for the main purpose of stealing valuable data from victim systems.
One of the techniques the group has been widely using is through watering hole attacks: the attackers injected websites with a link redirecting visitors to a malicious server.
Recently Kaspersky Lab has discovered a number of servers, compromised by the group, belonging to different organisations based in Russia, the US, Turkey and European countries, and not limited to industrial companies.
According to researchers, they were hit in 2016 and 2017 with different purposes. Thus, besides watering hole, in some cases they were used as intermediaries to conduct attacks on other resources.
In the process of analysing infected servers, researchers identified numerous websites and servers used by organisations in Russia, US, Europe, Asia and Latin America that the attackers had scanned with various tools, possibly to find a server that could be used to establish a foothold for hosting the attackers' tools and to subsequently develop an attack.
Some of the sites scanned may have been of interest to the attackers as candidates for waterhole. The range of websites and servers that captured the attention of the intruders is extensive. Kaspersky Lab researchers found that the attackers had scanned numerous websites of different types, including online stores and services, public organisations, NGOs and manufacturing, among others.
In addition, experts found that the group used publicly available malicious tools, designed for analyzing servers, and for seeking out and collecting information. In addition, a modified sshd file with a preinstalled backdoor was discovered. This was used to replace the original file and could be authorised with a ‘master password'.
“Crouching Yeti is a notorious Russian-speaking group that has been active for many years and is still successfully targeting industrial organisations through watering hole attacks, among other techniques,: says Vladimir Dashchenko, head of the vulnerability research group at Kaspersky Lab ICS CERT. “Our findings show that the group compromised servers not only for establishing watering holes, but also for further scanning, and they actively used open-sourced tools that made it much harder to identify them afterwards.
“The group's activities, such as initial data collection, the theft of authentication data, and the scanning of resources, are used to launch further attacks. The diversity of infected servers and scanned resources suggests the group may operate in the interests of the third parties,” they add.
Amazon is once again expanding its Echo line with crazy devices.
While at a surprise press event in Seattle, Amazon not only announced an all-new Echo speaker, Echo Plus, and a Connect box that allows you to place landline calls, but also Echo Buttons. These are Bluetooth-connected, multi-coloured devices that can connect to Alexa for gaming. Imagine playing a game, such as Jeopardy, and being able to slap these buzzer buttons as you play.
Jeopardy, of course, has long been a popular skill on Amazon's Alexa platform, so it makes sense that the company would want to develop an accessory that takes advantage of it. But you can use these buttons for any Alexa-enabled game skill, including trivia ones. Amazon demoed such use-case scenarios during its event, showing how they interact, glow, and respond to touch.
Keep in mind Amazon isn't afraid of playing with different form factors and ways of using Alexa. For instance, it recently launched an Echo Look device that's primarily designed to serve up fashion advice. Check out Pocket-lint's guide here for more information on how all of Amazon's Echo devices differ from each other. Amazon said its Echo Buttons will cost $19.99 for a set of two in the US.
In the UK, they will cost £19.99 for a set of two.
April 24 (UPI) -- The Minnesota State Patrol said a perplexed and amused trooper detained a loose dog and goat found walking together down a stretch of highway.
The state patrol tweeted Lt. Gordon Shank responded to a loose animal call Saturday near Hastings and arrived to find drivers had contained a dog and a goat found wandering together on Highway 61.
"So, this really happened on Saturday," the state patrol tweeted. "Lt. Shank kept the two pals company until the Humane Society showed up."
The origin of the wandering animals was unclear.
BOSTON Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc (SC.N) has agreed to pay $25.9 million to resolve investigations by the attorneys general in Massachusetts and Delaware into its financing and securitization of sub-prime auto loans.
The settlements were announced on Wednesday and resolved allegations Santander facilitated unfair, high-rate auto loans for thousands of car buyers. The loans were then packaged into securities sold to investors.
The accords mark the first settlements in connection with U.S. investigations into subprime auto loan securitization, Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey said. The U.S. Justice Department has also been investigating the matter.
Santander, which is the largest packager of subprime auto loan securities in the United States and an arm of Spanish bank Banco Santander SA that went public in 2014, in a statement said it was pleased to resolve the matter.
"In the last 18 months, our new management team has taken significant steps to strengthen our business practices and controls," Santander said.
It stressed that the settlements, which focused on how auto loans were originated, were not about securitizations, but said any such claims were released under the accords.
According to Healey, the investigation revealed that Santander funded auto loans without a reasonable basis to believe borrowers could afford them, predicting many would default.
The probe also revealed that Santander knew certain dealerships had high default rates due of inaccurate data on loan applications but kept buying the loans from them anyway, authorities said.
Santander even identified a group of dealers it called the "fraud dealers" whose loans it nonetheless continued to fund, Healey's office said.
They said the conduct repeated the pattern seen with banks in the run-up to the subprime mortgage meltdown that contributed to the 2008 financial crisis.
"These predatory practices are almost identical to what we saw in the mortgage industry," they said.
Healey's office said the settlement was part of an ongoing industry-wide investigation into securitization practices in the subprime auto market.
The settlement follows an earlier 2015 accord for $5.5 million between Healey's office and Santander relating to its funding of loans that included expensive insurance coverage.
Under Wednesday's settlements, Santander will pay $22 million to resolve the Massachusetts case, which includes $16 million in relief to 2,000 consumers.
The company will pay also $3.9 million to resolve the Delaware case, including $2.88 million into a trust for the benefit of Delaware consumers, Delaware Attorney General Matt Denn said.
(Editing by David Gregorio, Bernard Orr)
​The computational power that we can squeeze into tiny devices is jaw-dropping. Sure, the-more-tablet-than-phone iPhones pack a punch, but we're talking about something that's even more functional: the Ockel Sirius B Windows 10 Pocket PC.
Like your phone, you can slip the Sirius B into your pocket. But unlike your phone, the Sirius B actually has the same functionality of a portable PC.
To bring its full powers to fruition, all you need is an HDMI-screen and a mouse and/or keyboard. And we mean any HDMI screen, whether it's a dedicated office monitor, your hotel TV, or your best friend's crazy media setup. This powerful little computer utilizes an Intel processor and 2GB of RAM, and boasts high-speed built-in WiFi and Bluetooth. Impressive, right?
Ideal for any person working on-the-go, the Sirius B provides serious computational power without being too bulky or heavy. Just toss it in your bag, whether it's your commuter backpack or carry-on, and you'll be ready to work wherever you may be. Use Intel-powered Windows 10 while on the move and quickly browse files and open applications with the built-in 32GB of flash storage. It's even perfect for students heading off to college – and gives the same functionality as a computer without the hefty price tag.
The Ockel Sirius B is equipped with two USB ports, an HDMI port, a Micro SD-card slot and a 3.5 mm audio and microphone jack — meaning you can connect a keyboard, mouse, speaker or any other external device within the blink of an eye. And just like a computer, it's ideal for multiple functions, whether you're playing a game, working, or just surfing the web.
Thanks to its accessible price tag, you might not feel the same precarious anxiety with this portable little computer as you would with your desktop or laptop. Small and dense, there's less damage incurred in case you do get a case of the butterfingers.
Check out this handy little device, and you might find it replaces your desktop: get the Ockel Sirius B Windows 10 Pocket PC for $189, reduced from $249.
If you buy something through our posts, we may receive a small share of the sale. Please buy a Ferrari. For more of Digg's suggestions on how to spend your money, check out Digg Picks.
A Longview group will not hold their annual Super Bowl watch party this year, still upset over political protests and the league's response.
For decades, the Longview Knights of Columbus fraternal organization has held Super Bowl watch parties. But no more.
"We were having an officers' meeting here a couple of weeks ago, and someone said 'are we going to have our Super Bowl party this year?' And without anybody consulting anyone else, we said nobody was interested anymore," says chapter treasurer Vance Lowery.
They say their reasoning is simple.
"For the reasons that they were disgusted with protests with the national anthem and the flag during the seasons football games. The Knights of Columbus are a men's charitable and religious organization. You watch football on television to get away from politics you see on the networks. And I'll be darn if they don't throw it right back in your face in a football game. I quit watching," Lowery says.
And they're not the only ones. Some will have parties but no game.
"I'm going celebrate the weekend because it's a big weekend to have people over, but I will not watch the game. I haven't watched a game since the first person knelt at the national anthem, haven't turned my TV on to watch a game since then. Not a professional game," says Longview mayor Dr. Andy Mack.
With a lot of veteran members in the Knights, Lowery says, their patriotism sparks their response.
"The veterans are especially aggravated by the course of events. This especially hits us as an insult when people are disrespectful of our flag and national anthem," they say.
"A game, it's insignificant compared to the big picture. If you're not going to honor our veterans, I have no place for you in my life. I don't," Mack says.
"I quit watching, and I won't be back," says Lowery.
Copyright 2018 KLTV. All rights reserved.
Organizations that strive for diversity and incorporate it into their business practices are able to leverage the value that true diversity has to offer: a rich breadth of ideas, a wide range of perspectives, and an ability to attract the very best talent. When diversity pervades your organization, you better understand the demographics of your market and thus are well equipped to attract and meet the needs of that market.
To highlight the organizations who exemplify this level of diversity, DiversityComm, Inc. (DCI) proudly presents its Best of the Best competition. Each year, DCI gathers data to compile our Best of the Best institutions in business, education, industry and suppliers diversity programs. Our annual review is a valuable resource for job-seekers, business owners and management, students and consumers. Our results will be released in our spring, summer and fall publications.
We invite you to nominate your organization to be included on the prestigious DCI Best of the Best lists. Our researchers will compile the lists based on information from survey submissions as well as data from independent research organizations, market research reports, public information, 10-K annual reports, conference participation and any additional information you provide.
2017 Spring Part 1 Deadline-February 28
Top Government and Law Enforcement Agencies
Top Utilities, Energy, Gas & Oil Companies
Top Insurance Companies
Top Financial & Banking Companies
Top Healthcare, Pharmaceutical & Biotech Companies
2017 Summer Part 2 Deadline-May 31
Top Diversity Employers
Top Supplier Diversity Programs
Top LGBT-Friendly Companies
Top MBA Programs
2017 Fall Part 3 Deadline-August 31
Top Colleges, Universities, and HBCUs
The spring results are published in the April issue, summer results are published in July and fall results in October. If you have any further questions or comments, please contact Black EOE Journal 800.487.5099.
Click here to request the surveys
Posted by admin on April 18, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting themselves as officers closed in.
The St. Lucia Workers Credit Union hosted its 35th annual general meeting on Saturday, June 30th under the theme; “people, purpose, passion – the pathway to success.
Members assessed the union's growth, record, achievements and shortfalls for 2017.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Skype
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
Telegram
Reddit
× Guests evacuated from Tacoma motel after man threatens to shoot people
TACOMA — A motel in Tacoma was evacuated Monday morning after police say a man threatened to shoot people.
Officers were called around 9:00 a.m. to Pacific Lodge on Pacific Avenue. According to Tacoma police, a man fired a round inside a room and then stepped outside with a rifle while threatening to shoot people.
Loretta Cool said the suspect then went back inside their room. Officers have been trying to communicate with the armed suspect, but they are not responding.
The motel was evacuated and SWAT was called to the scene.
Police said they were closing both directions of Pacific Avenue from South 88th to 92nd Street.
This is a developing story and will be updated.
Share. What are the Xbox One's best games after four years on the market? We rank the top 25. What are the Xbox One's best games after four years on the market? We rank the top 25.
If you're just now getting yourself an Xbox One, we have good news: you've got a lot of fantastic games to play. These are the best 25 games you can play on your Xbox One, as ranked by a humble crew of IGN's biggest and most knowledgeable Xbox One fans. Review scores mattered, but we also factored in things like ways each game took advantage of the Xbox One, design risks taken that you should see, curiosities, etc. Enjoy!
[*Note: Games had to be released by October 3, 2017 in order to be eligible for this list.]
25 Minecraft
Minecraft is excellent for many reasons, but the most important is that it both encourages and encourages a sense of wonder. That mountain in the distance? You can burrow into it. You can make your home inside it and cover it with lava so it's spooky and cool. And then you can dig deep into the ground to find treasure and fight monsters. Minecraft can be played as a do-what-you-want sandbox, but there are enough game systems and rules to structure your time into a “campaign,” if that's what you're after. Few games have set the world on fire like Minecraft, and it's likely few ever will in the same way again.
24 Halo: The Master Chief Collection
Even without its unfortunate online troubles out of the gate, this collection of the first four mainline Halo shooters stands tall – particularly the completely remastered Halo 2 Anniversary – for the campaigns alone. And now that the multiplayer functionality has been rebuilt into a perfectly workable state, Halo: The Master Chief Collection is an absolute must-own. Halo 1's pistol-powered, Blood Gulch-blasting multiplayer is online for the first time ever on Xbox, while Halo 2's legendary map complement comes back from the dead after the plug was pulled on the servers years ago. Throw in the ever-popular Halo 3 and the underrated Halo 4 and this package is simply irresistible.
23 Oxenfree
Using a hand radio, Oxenfree takes you through monuments of a tragedy from the past as you solve an eerie island's secrets through creepy radio messages and intense conversations between the cast of five teenagers. Through convincing voice acting and smart dialogue, Oxenfree feels personal, even if your time as a teen has long past. This is a wonderful coming-of-age story that has mild pacing issues, but it well worth the adventure.
22 Halo 5: Guardians
Its campaign may have been a misstep in the series, but Halo 5 not only packs the best gunplay in possibly the entire franchise, but also the best multiplayer since Halo 2. Halo 5's arena multiplayer pits combatants against each other on an even playing field, with great weapons and well-crafted maps to battle on. Warzone, meanwhile, is literally the biggest Halo multiplayer addition ever, with AI "heroes" thrown into the mix with 24 human players. If you're not playing Halo 5 multiplayer, you're missing out on the Xbox One's very best online combat.
21 Diablo III: Ultimate Evil Edition
Diablo 3 Ultimate Evil Edition is one of the best couch co-op games out there right now. Driven by a constant flow of smashable enemies and ever-more-powerful loot drops, you can endlessly crawl through its campaign levels and randomized dungeons in search of legendary weapons and armor. Each of its five classes has a distinct style for smashing enemies to bits, like leaping through the air and smashing down a heavy ax as the Barbarian or blasting magical orbs of death from afar as the Wizard, and coordinating your attacks and buffs to take down a demonic boss with maximum efficiency brings gamers together in a great way.
20 Dragon Age: Inquisition
Dragon Age: Inquisition, our 2014 Game of the Year winner, raises the bar for excellence in design of modern roleplaying games. This massive open world is full of breathtaking vistas, nuanced characters, political drama built upon rich lore, and of course battles with huge beasts. In the dozens - or hundreds - of hours you can spend completing its grand storyline and rich sidequests, BioWare's latest epic entrenches itself as one of the greats.
19 Ori and the Blind Forest
Ori harkens back to the glory days of Xbox Live Arcade by delivering challenging platformer gameplay wrapped in an absolutely beautiful visual aesthetic and topped by a sweet, somber story starring a charming lead. It will test your will at times, but such trials are well worth it. Ori is one of Xbox One's best digital-only game yet.
18 Fallout 4
What can a teddy bear in glasses leaning over a book tell you about the ghouls that live in a school? Or numerous mannequins wielding mechetes positioned around a skeleton that's lying in a tub? Though your character gains a voice in Fallout 4, the star of the game is the Commonwealth. This wasteland is filled with history from both pre- and post-war conveyed through fantastic environmental storytelling. Pair that with the great companions and the ability to craft any sort of player character - be it a hammer-wielding saint or gunslinging thief - and you've got one of the best adventure RPGs around.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — On Monday night, Flynn announced their decision to leave the National Security Adviser post amid the growing controversy surrounding information leaked to the media about their conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak prior to Trump's inauguration.
"I don't think there will be any impact, they will be replaced by someone equally qualified," Collins stated on Tuesday. "I'm a friend of General Flynn, so I was on the one hand very sorry to see them leave, because I know he's an exceptional American. But with that said, they decided it would be best for the administration."
© REUTERS/ Carlos Barria Revenge of Neocons? Who Will Replace Michael Flynn and What It Tells Us
Collins added that Flynn had become "somewhat of a distraction" because of the wide news coverage.
"So, they did what they thought was best for the country and I respect that," Collins said. "Meanwhile there are so many issues every minute of every day. I said earlier this morning, I'm not going to dwell on the past, what's done is now done. Let's just move forward."
Earlier on Tuesday, a group of Republican senators called for an investigation into possible Trump ties with Russia and suggested that Flynn should testify during the probe.
Flynn's phone communications with Kislyak have raised questions about whether the broke the Logan Act of 1799 that prohibits private US citizens from engaging with foreign nations in diplomatic disputes. To date, no American has been penalized for violating the Logan Act.
We spoke via Skype with Mary Kogut, CEO of Planned Parenthood St. Louis Regions and SW Missouri, and they answer questions about the impact of Senate Bill 5. The bill was signed into law and takes effect October 26th, and the next plans for licensing the Joplin clinic for abortions.
"The preliminary injunction made it really clear states couldn't just put restrictions in place in order to reduce access to abortion. That they had to be medically necessary to prove health and safety of patients.
What we find for SB5 and the implementation of that, is that at the end of October we find there are many standards that have nothing to do with health and safety, but instead further restrict.
We are currently looking at what the law truly is going to encompass, how to ensure that we can implement service in a way that upholds expert quality care and makes sure women can access their constitutional right to choose an abortion and make independent health care decisions so we're continuing to look at that."
"Right now, next week we have our Springfield inspection planned with department of health coming into our facility and to ensure that we're able to follow all regulation and that we can get our license. We will then pursue getting our license in Joplin."
"Planned parenthood is committed to provide expert health care every single day. We're also to committed to ensuring every person has access to this healthcare without undo restrictions so that's what we're gonna keep on working on every single day. "
Stephanie Washburn brings eclectic art style to SBCC
Filed under Features
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
While they were hired to teach drawing, first-year City College art instructor Stephanie Washburn says their artwork—and what they teach— “can go literally anywhere.”
“I work in a lot of different media,” said Washburn, in their office in the Humanities Building. “It's not as uncommon as you might think. A lot of artists these days work in a big range of media. For me, it's always made a lot of sense to teach in a range of subjects: conceptual art, art history, drawing, painting, photo.
“But drawing always feels to me like the gateway.”
Washburn is showing their artwork to the college for the first time in the current Atkinson Gallery exhibit, “Office of Loss Control.” The exhibit, which they share with fellow first-year instructor Armando Ramos, continues through April 7.
While they grew up in a family of writers and artists, Washburn tried out several different majors, including history and philosophy. It wasn't until their junior year at Wesleyan University in Middletown, Conn., that they decided to major in art. They later attended UCSB, earning a master's degree in fine arts.
Art “ really felt like the most mysterious, challenging thing I could find,” they said. “And that was really exciting to me. I felt intimidated by it, but attracted to it as well.”
Washburn's work has been displayed at at least a dozen galleries, including the ACME Gallery in Los Angeles and the Museum of Contemporary Art in Santa Barbara.
Also displaying their work was Mark Moore of the Mark Moore Fine Art gallery. On their website, the former gallery owner and now collector wrote, “Her practice explores the material digital interface and the persistence of the body and human touch in pictorial space.
“Washburn combines everyday materials and televised imagery to stage a series of photographs. The images that result generate a range of painterly abstractions and counter narratives to the programmed content flickering beneath.
“With references to Abstract Expressionism, feminist art practice, and early performance, they pose a real physicality as the dramatic player in the fictive space of both the digital spectacle and their own hybrid image making.”
Now that she's at City College, Washburn says they are eager to “give back.”
“I think the mission of this college is so important,” they said. “Public education, higher education in America needs to be affordable and free, and the school is doing a wonderful job of providing that…
“I want to be engaged, giving back something of what art means to me, making art a part of the critical mission here for quality and truly affordable higher ed.
“There's such a push right now for professionalization. I'd like to help creativity, the challenge and unexpectedness of that way of thinking, hold its place as something our culture really values.”
So for now, they say, their office door remains unlocked, and she's ready to take in any student who might have questions about the art, their art or any art.
-Zuri Smith contributed to this report
CHICAGO (AP) — One of the most violent years in Chicago history ended with a sobering tally: 762 homicides, the most in two decades in the city and more than New York and Los Angeles combined.
The nation's third largest city also saw 1,100 more shooting incidents last year than it did in 2015, according to data released Sunday by the Chicago Police Department. The statistics underline a story of bloodshed that has put Chicago at the center of a national dialogue about gun violence.
The numbers are staggering, even for those who followed the steady news accounts of weekends ending with dozens of shootings and monthly death tolls that hadn't been seen in years. The increase in homicides compared to 2015, when 485 were reported, is the largest spike in 60 years.
Police and city officials have lamented the flood of illegal guns into the city, and the crime statistics appeared to support their claims: Police recovered 8,300 illegal guns in 2016, a 20 percent increase from the previous year.
Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson said during a news conference Sunday that Chicago is among many U.S. cities that have seen a spike in violence, including in attacks on police. They said anger at police, including in the wake of video released that showed a white Chicago officer shooting a black teenager 16 times, has left criminals “emboldened” to violent crimes.
They also said it's becoming clearer to criminals that they have little to fear from the criminal justice system.
“In Chicago, we just don't have a deterrent to pick up a gun,” they said. “Any time a guy stealing a loaf of bread spends more time pre-trial in jail than a gun offender, something is wrong.”
Johnson, who has for months complained about Illinois' lax gun laws, said they think more and more gang members are arming themselves because the price for being caught is small compared to other large cities. They said gang members they have spoken to consider the court system “a joke.”
The bulk of the deaths and shooting incidents, which jumped from 2,426 in 2015 to 3,550 last year, occurred in only five of the city's 22 police districts on the city's South and West sides, all poor and predominantly black areas where gangs are most active.
Police said the shootings in those areas generally weren't random, with more than 80 percent of the victims having previously been identified by police as more susceptible because of their gang ties or past arrests.
The city has scrambled to address the violence. Mayor Rahm Emanuel announced last year that 1,000 officers would be added to the police department. At the same time, police officials have been trying to figure out why homicides and shootings — which began climbing the year before — suddenly surged.
On Sunday, Johnson said they hoped several initiatives — including more street cameras in some of the city's most dangerous neighborhoods, and the expansion of gunshot-detection systems — would lead to more arrests and drive down the violent crime rate.
Johnson has said several factors have contributed to the increased violence. They noted 2016 was the first full year since the city was forced in November 2015 to release video of the fatal police shooting of Laquan McDonald, the black 17-year-old boy who was shot 16 times by a white police officer.
The video cost former Chicago Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy their job, sparked major protests around the city, and led to federal and state investigations of the police department.
It also left Johnson with the task of trying to restore public trust in what appeared to be a weakened police force, a perception that was only buttressed by a dramatic drop in the number of arrests in 2016.
The police department has cited several factors for the declining numbers, including a concerted effort not to make minor drug arrests and focus on gun violence. Johnson pointed to gun arrests and gun seizures as evidence that their officers are aggressively fighting crime.
But critics said they have no doubt that officers have become far more reluctant to do their jobs since the McDonald video was released and the officer who killed the teen was charged with murder.
“It's almost like a pull back so they (gangs) can kill each other sort of thing,” said the Rev. Marshall Hatch, a prominent minister in one of Chicago's most dangerous neighborhoods on the West Side.
Johnson acknowledged in a recent interview with The Associated Press that officers have become more cautious — in part out of fear of becoming the next “viral video.” They also said a state law that took effect last January requiring officers to fill out lengthy contact cards when they stop someone has resulted in fewer stops, because the cards require more paperwork for officers and the cards are “scrutinized” by federal judges.
They said those concerns are not lost on criminals.
“Criminals watch TV, pay attention to the media,” they said. “They see an opportunity to commit nefarious activity.”
Iran will treat a British-Iranian aid worker as an Iranian citizen and they will serve their sentence as determined by the judiciary, Iran‘s foreign ministry spokesperson said on Monday.
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson discussed Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe's case with Iranian officials after flying to Tehran over the weekend to try to seek them release.
“One of the issues that Johnson brought up in Tehran was the issue of Ms Zaghari,” Iranian foreign ministry spokesperson Bahram Qassemi was quoted by state media as saying.
“With regard to their dual nationality, from our point of view of course they are Iranian and they have been sentenced by the judiciary and they will serve the period of their sentence.”
Britain says Zaghari-Ratcliffe was visiting family on holiday in April 2016 when they were jailed byIran for attempting to overthrow the government.
 They are not the only dual national being held in Iran, but their case has taken on political significance in Britain after Johnson said last month that they had been teaching journalists inIran, which their employer denies. Johnson later apologised.
Opponents have called for them to resign if their comments lead to them serving longer in prison.
Qassemi said the Iranian foreign ministry would follow up on Zaghari-Ratcliffe's case but said that it was ultimately a matter for the judiciary.
A project manager with the Thomson Reuters Foundation, Zaghari-Ratcliffe was sentenced to five years in prison after being convicted by an Iranian court of plotting to overthrow the clerical establishment. They deny the charges.
The Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity organization that is independent of Thomson Reuters and operates independently of Reuters News. It says Zaghari-Ratcliffe had been on holiday and had not been teaching journalism in Iran.
MELBOURNE A second half goal from Kosovo striker Besart Berisha fired Melbourne Victory into their fifth A-League championship final with a 1-0 home win over Brisbane Roar on Sunday.
The wily 31-year-old nodded home in the 70th minute at Melbourne Rectangular Stadium, setting up a mouth-watering decider against Sydney FC next week and underlining their claim as Australian football's ultimate big-game player.
Winners in 2006-07, 2008-09 and 2014-15, the Kevin Muscat-coached Victory will bid for a record fourth A-League title.
But twice champions Sydney will be raging favourites to win a third title at home, having thrashed Perth Glory 3-0 in the first semi-final on Saturday after wrapping up the most dominant regular season in the league's history.
The sides will meet in a third Grand Final, with Sydney winning the first away in 2009-10 and Melbourne avenging the loss at home two years ago.
The final score flattered John Aloisi's Roar, who were under siege throughout but let off the hook repeatedly by poor finishing from the home side.
It took a sumptuous, lofted cross from Tunisia midfielder Fahid Ben Khalfallah to break the deadlock and Berisha, the most prolific goal-scorer in the league's history, rose highest to hammer the ball home, notching their 20th goal of the season and 101st in Australian football.
"The most important are the finals so you make sure you're ready," said Berisha, the regular season's Golden Boot winner with Roar striker Jamie Maclaren.
"(Roar) are always very hard to play but I thought we'd been dominant ... We created a lot of chances, we were a little bit unlucky but I believed we deserved to win today."
(Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
SAN MARCOS, Calif. — For the ninth time in three weeks, a San Diego-area Metro PCS wireless-services store was robbed Tuesday afternoon.
Two men armed with handguns carried out the heist at the business in the 2600 block of Mission Village Drive in Serra Mesa shortly before 3:30 p.m., San Diego police reported. It was not immediately clear what the bandits stole.
Since late last month, armed thieves have robbed Metro PCS shops in various parts of the county, alternately threatening clerks with pistols, a stun gun and a machete before making off cash and cellphones, according to investigators.
During several of the crimes, two bandits entered the targeted business, while just one confronted the victims during others.
The holdups occurred on Jamacha Road in Spring Valley on Jan. 25; on El Cajon Boulevard in Kensington on Jan. 27; on Adams Avenue in Normal Heights on Jan. 30; on Coronado Avenue in Egger Highlands on Feb. 1; on Poway Road in Poway on Feb. 6; on Clairemont Mesa Boulevard in Clairemont last Tuesday; on El Cajon Boulevard in the College area on Wednesday; and on San Marcos Boulevard in San Marcos on Friday.
Surveillance cameras have captured images of the bandits, described as tall, heavyset Hispanic or light-skinned black men in their mid-20s to 30s. Both wore dark-colored clothing and sunglasses during the heists, and had bandanas covering their faces while committing several of them.
During Tuesday afternoon's robbery, the perpetrators wore gray hooded jackets with the head coverings tied tightly around their faces, Officer Dino Delimitros said.
Work has recently begun and progress made on the upgrading of four canal towpaths as part of West Yorkshire Combined Authority's award-winning £60m CityConnect programme.
This programme is aimed at making it easier for people of all ages to cycle and walk, allowing those who enjoy being outdoors to embrace Yorkshire's scenic nature on smooth, new paths alongside various canal routes, including trans pennine trails.
On the Leeds & Liverpool Canal, 2.7km of the route between Lodge Hill Bridge at Riddlesden Golf Club and Silsden Road Bridge will be resurfaced
These paths will provide missing links in local cycling and walking infrastructure and open up access to some of the region's best countryside, including the popular Yorkshire Dales.
Progress has been made on the four towpath schemes on the Calder and Hebble Navigation, Huddersfield Narrow, Rochdale, and Leeds and Liverpool canals, the latter two of which will upgrade trans pennine routes.
On the Leeds & Liverpool Canal, 2.7km of the route between Lodge Hill Bridge at Riddlesden Golf Club and Silsden Road Bridge will be resurfaced. This will build on previous improvements from Kirkstall to Shipley.
The Calder & Hebble Navigation Towpath, Huddersfield Narrow Canal and Rochdale Canal Towpath schemes all include resurfacing, the re-pointing of some cobbled areas, clearing excessive vegetation, and signage and drainage improvements.
The Calder & Hebble Navigation Towpath works will take place on a 2km section between Sowerby Bridge Basin and Hollas Lane Bridge, and upgrades to this towpath will provide local communities with the option to travel away from the roads for either employment or leisure use.
The Huddersfield Narrow Canal scheme is between Longroyd Lane in Huddersfield and Milnsbridge.
Routes you can visit now:
Castleford to Wakefield Greenway
The Castleford to Wakefield Greenway project aims to deliver a fully surfaced cycle path from Castleford to Wakefield alongside the River Calder.
Work on this route is largely complete, apart from landscaping work, and was recently opened, allowing locals to explore this new route, either on foot or by bike, taking in the local countryside.
This new cycle and walking route goes from Methley Bridge, Castleford along the River Calder to Fairies Hill Lock (Whitwood).
It links the current cycle routes from Navigation Point to Methley Bridge, and Fairies Hill Lock to both the Trans Pennine Trail and Wakefield Eastern Relief Road.
The Daily Stormer, a white supremacist and neo-Nazi website, needs to find another domain name provider after GoDaddy gave it the boot following a derogatory story about the woman killed at the Charlottesville, Virginia, rally.
The site, which calls itself “The World's Most Genocidal Republican Website,” registered its name with GoDaddy — but GoDaddy doesn't host the Daily Stormer's content.
Nevertheless, the company said it wants nothing to do with the site following a piece on Heather Heyer. Heyer died after a car rammed a crowd of counter-protesters gathered to oppose a “Unite the Right” rally of white nationalist and other right-wing groups.
“We have informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service. If no action is taken after 24 hours, we will cancel the service,” GoDaddy spokesperson Dan Race told CNN in a statement.
“Given their latest article comes on the immediate heels of a violent act, we believe this type of article could incite additional violence, which violates our terms of service.”
An article posted on the Daily Stormer called Heyer “fat and a drain on society.”
“Despite feigned outrage by the media, most people are glad they are dead, as they are the definition of uselessness,” the story said. “A 32-year-old woman without children is a burden on society and has no value.”
James Alex Fields Jr. is accused of running their Dodge Challenger into a crowd of people, killing Heyer and injuring at least 19 others.
Fields is being held on suspicion of second-degree murder, malicious wounding and failure to stop in an accident that resulted in death. It is unclear whether they have an attorney.
According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, “the Daily Stormer is dedicated to spreading anti-Semitism, neo-Nazism, and white nationalism, primarily through guttural hyperbole and epithet-laden stories about topics like alleged Jewish world control and black-on-white crime.”
The SPLC, which tracks hate groups, says the unapologetic hatred on the Daily Stormer — which also takes aim at African-Americans and opponents of President Donald Trump, for example — is a catalyst for division.
Among its readers were Charleston, South Carolina, church mass killer Dylann Roof and the murderer of Jo Cox, a British legislator.
A post on the website's homepage claimed that it had been taken over by hacktivist group Anonymous. However, most links to previous posts were still active, and a tweet from an account associated with Anonymous said it could not confirm that the group was involved.
CNN has reached out to the Daily Stormer for comment.
Founder praises Trump response
Andrew Anglin, the creator of the site who now lives in Lagos, Nigeria, praised President Donald Trump for not specifically blaming neo-Nazis and white supremacists following the Charlottesville rally, saying “he loves us.”
Trump said on Saturday “we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence, on many sides. On many sides. It's been going on for a long time in our country. Not Donald Trump, not Barack Obama. This has been going on for a long, long time.”
The outcry against the President's remarks was long and loud and crossed party lines for failing to single out and condemn white nationalists. Anglin blogged that Trump's comments were “good.”
“He didn't attack us. They just said the nation should come together. Nothing specific against us. They said that we need to study why people are so angry , and implied that there was hate on … both sides!” Anglin wrote. “There was virtually no counter signaling of us at all. They love us all.”
GoDaddy, headquartered in Arizona, says it is the “world's largest domain name registrar” and “hosts more than 10 million websites around the world.”
March 31 01 Communique Laboratory Inc:
* 01 Communique reports first quarter fiscal 2017 results and provides an update on its patent litigation with Citrix
* Qtrly loss per share $0.00 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
While there is no formal "rookie show" — hazing and initiation has been largely excised from all levels of sports — first-year Ticat players are being encouraged to sing a song or tell a joke before the special teams meeting every evening. Vernon Adams, for example, belted out a tune earlier this week while defensive lineman Lynden Trail did a spot-on impression of an unnamed assistant coach.
Veteran centre in Mike Filer says its all in fun.
"It's anything — you have to entertain the vets, they said. "My first year in Calgary, we had to stand up and sing in front of everyone, and if you can't sing, you have to tell a joke, and if you tell a bad joke you get booed off the stage."
Beyond that minor complaint, Hamilton veterans have been impressed with Manziel's approach. Receiver Luke Tasker said he's been good in meetings while also performing well on the field.
"The wrong way to come into a team is to have a sense of entitlement, that's the last thing that a new player should have — or any teammate," Tasker said. "Johnny doesn't have a sense of entitlement, he's a guy trying to learn the offence like a lot of players are."
Filer says he's spent time talking with Manziel about the nuances of the CFL game, particularly when it comes to protections and blitz pick up. Again, nothing but positive reviews — at least until they try their hand at performing.
"It goes back to being part of the locker room — even if you suck, you bought into it and did your bit," Filer said. "I'm sure Johnny will get up there at some point. He's been a great sport."
Notes: The Ticats have yet to suffer a significant injury to a veteran player at training camp but there were several players sitting out on Wednesday, including defensive end Adrian Tracy, Canadian receiver Shamawd Chambers and national safety Jay Langa. They aren't expected to play Friday night against Toronto but should be ready for Week 1.
dedwards@thespec.com
905-526-2481 | @scratchingpost
FirstRand eyes digital insurance solutions
FirstRand has been awarded a short-term insurance licence by the Financial Services Board (FSB), three years after acquiring its long-term insurance licence.
The licence will enable FNB to become a complete insurer, with the ability to underwrite short and long-term insurance to businesses and retail customers.
Jacques Celliers, CEO of FNB, says: “As a fully-fledged insurer, we are now well positioned to sustainably scale our insurance pillar through a philosophy of simplified complexity, great innovation and superior convenience. Central to the success of our insurance business will be our ability to significantly increase efficiency by leveraging the FNB banking infrastructure and channels.”
FNB seeks to gain significant market share in the overall insurance industry through its innovative approach which translates into a massive competitive advantage.
Lee Bromfield, CEO of FNB Life, says: “Our long-term strategy is to build the lowest cost insurance company in the market through our ability to interact with customers at a significantly lower cost than competitors and retain them through integration into the FNB ecosystem.
“Business insurance will play a pivotal role in our strategy. FNB Business has gained significant market share over the past few years on the back of relevant transactional and lending offerings and most importantly, strengthening customer relationships on the back of data driven insights. We want to complete the business offering with insurance and see this working well in existing interactions with our business customers,” adds Bromfield.
Digital technology has become one of the central pillars of the insurance business, with the bank looking to take advantage of a number of innovations, namely:
* One-click sales processes built through superior rating and pricing models taking advantage of existing FNB expertise and infrastructure as well as leading edge telematics solutions built through the app.
* Robo-claims processes built with new-age artificial intelligence techniques to ensure the fastest and best claims pay-outs in market. Ability for customers to claim, track claims and service policies from any channel of choice including the app.
* Self-learning ratings models which get more accurate while requiring less information from a customer continuously.
“With millions of active digital channel users, the bank aims to adopt an opti-banking channel strategy to service customers in the most optimal way, while actively learning and using the experience to develop a world class digital insurance experience,” Bromfield adds.
FILE PHOTO: German cinematographer Michael Ballhaus receives an Honorary Golden Bear for their lifetime achievement at the 66th Berlinale International Film Festival in Berlin, Germany, February 18, 2016. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Cinematographer Michael Ballhaus and their wife Sherry Hormann at the awards ceremony of the 66th Berlinale International Film Festival in Berlin, Germany February 20, 2016. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: German cinematographer Michael Ballhaus holds an Honorary Golden Bear for their lifetime achievement at the 66th Berlinale International Film Festival in Berlin, Germany, February 18, 2016. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch/File Photo
BERLIN German cinematographer Michael Ballhaus, who counted "Goodfellas", "Gangs of New York" and "The Departed" among the blockbuster movies they filmed, died overnight at their home in Berlin, their publisher said on Wednesday. They were 81.
In a career that spanned over four decades, Ballhaus worked with Hollywood directors including Francis Ford Coppola, Martin Scorsese and Robert Redford. They were nominated three times for the Academy Award for Best Cinematography, though they never won.
Ballhaus started out as a cameraman with German broadcaster Suedwestfunk and then worked in the 1960s with German film directors including Rainer Werner Fassbinder before moving to the United States.
Last year, Ballhaus was awarded the Honorary Golden Bear award at the Berlinale film festival for their life's work.
In 2014, they published an autobiography, "Images in My Head", which begins: "These are the memories of a man who has lived and worked with their eyes."
"Michael Ballhaus was far more than a cameraman," their publisher, Thomas Rathnow, said in a statement. "He was an artist who created unforgettable pictures in numerous films and in collaboration with the best directors of our time."
"And they were a gentleman, a man with style and a sense of irony," Rathnow added. "We will miss them very much."
Ballhaus, who died after a short illness, was predeceased by their first wife.  They are survived by their second wife, Sherry Hormann, an American film director, and two sons.
(Writing by Paul Carrel; Editing by Angus MacSwan)
CHICAGO, April 28 A federal judge on Friday sentenced the former chief executive of the Chicago Public Schools to 4-1/2 years in prison for their role in a scheme to steer lucrative contracts to one of their previous employers in exchange for kickbacks and bribes, the Department of Justice said.
Barbara Byrd-Bennett was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Edmond Chang at a Chicago courthouse, according to Joe Fitzpatrick, a spokesperson for the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Illinois.
An attorney for Byrd-Bennett did not immediately respond to request for comment.
"I'm ashamed and I'm sorry. I let down the students and their families. They deserved better," Byrd-Bennett said in court, the Chicago Tribune reported.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel in 2012 appointed Byrd-Bennett, a veteran education reformer, to head the district, after the first teachers' strike in Chicago in 25 years. The district serves around 400,000 students in more than 600 schools.
"Barbara betrayed the public trust. They broke the law. They turned them back on the very children they were entrusted to serve, and the children of Chicago are owed much better than that," Emanuel said in a statement on Friday.
Byrd-Bennett resigned in June 2015 amid a federal probe into a $20.5 million no-bid contract for a principal training program the cash-strapped district had awarded to their previous employer, educational consulting firm SUPES Academy.
They pleaded guilty to one count of wire fraud in October 2015 as part of a plea agreement and agreed to cooperate against two co-defendants in the case: the heads of SUPES and related firm Synesi Associates.
Byrd-Bennett maintained an interest in the companies through a secret consulting agreement, according to court documents. The agreement promised to pay them a percentage of the proceeds from the contracts they helped procure.
Gary Solomon and Thomas Vranas, who ran SUPES and Synesi, have both been sentenced for their roles in the scheme. Solomon was sentenced to seven years in prison by a federal judge in March and Vranas to 18 months on Friday, Fitzpatrick said.
The CPS system continues to face financial woes due to the state's broader fiscal problems.
A recent report by the Illinois State Board of Education indicated the nation's third-largest public school system had enough cash on hand on average this year to cover only 12 days of expenses. (Editing by Matthew Lewis)
ENGLAND have won only one of 13 Ashes encounters at the WACA. So it should come as no surprise that a list of great Perth Australia v England Tests is heavily swayed towards the home side.
1970 — match drawn
The first-ever WACA Test was intriguing if not a little anticlimactic.
Greg Chappell made their Test debut at the age of 22 and left a lasting impression. Coming in at No. 7, Chappell took 40 minutes to get off the mark before finding their feet and carving out an impressive 108. Ian Redpath hit a career-best 171 — which still stands to this day as the highest Ashes score at the ground.
England though showed little ambition in setting a target they were confident of defending. Veteran John Edrich's unbeaten 115 was compiled over almost six hours and when they eventually declared at 6-287, the game was destined for a draw.
Camera Icon Greg Chappell made quite the impression in 1970. Picture: News Corp Australia
1974 — Australia won by nine wickets
It took another four years for Perth to get their second Test. Doug Walters and Jeff Thomson made sure it was a memorable occasion for the hosts.
In a time of slow run rates, Walters was a player ahead of their time. Coming in just after tea on the second day, they raced to their half century in 44 minutes and then on the last ball they hooked Bob Willis over the fine leg boundary to bring up their century.
Thomson then cleaned up the Poms with a devastating second innings spell of 5-93 as the Aussies coasted home.
1979 — Australia won by 138 runs
Twelve months after their only WACA defeat to the Poms, the Aussies — restocked with returning World Series Cricket players — got back to their winning ways.
But it wasn't without a dose of controversy. Dennis Lillee threw a tantrum when not allowed to continue playing with their aluminium bat. After discussions with the umpires, England skipper Mike Brearley and Aussie captain Greg Chappell, the great fast bowler hurled their bat in the direction off the pavilion.
Ian Botham was the star of the match with 11 wickets but England — chasing 354 to win — were knocked over by Queensland left-armer Geoff Dymock — who took 6-34.
Camera Icon A cranky Dennis Lillee throws away their bat. Picture: News Limited
1991 — Australia won by nine wickets
After two fairly mundane draws in the 1980s, this win for the hosts started an unprecedented run of success that continues to this very day.
And it was the fast bowlers who did all the damage. Craig McDermott, Terry Alderman and Merv Hughes took 20 English wickets. McDermott took a career-best 8-97 in the first innings and backed it up with three more in the second dig. Merv Hughes took six for the match.
Australia were left with just 120 to win and knocked it off comfortably for the loss of Mark Taylor.
1995 — Australia won by 329 runs
If the Poms thought 1991 was as bad as it could get then they were in for a big surprise.
Michael Slater scored 124 and Steve Waugh was left marooned on 99 — the last three batsmen were run out including Craig McDermott who had Steve's twin Mark running for them — as the Aussies amassed 402.
There was little indication that the Poms were in for such a battering when they replied with 295. But when the Aussies declared at 8-345 — thanks mostly to a Greg Blewett century — the writing was on the wall.
McDermott then reprised their role from four years earlier by taking 6-38 as the Poms were rolled for 123.
Camera Icon Craig McDermott had two big games in 1991 and 1995. Picture: News Corp Australia
2006 — Australia won by 206 runs
Australia scored three centuries in an incredible second innings — but the most memorable undoubtedly belonged to Adam Gilchirst.
The Aussie wicketkeeper made up for their first innings duck with an innings of pure brutality, recording the second-fastest Test century in history. Their 102 came off just 59 balls. Unbelievably they had failed to score from seven of the first nine balls they faced.
Michael Clarke and Michael Hussey also joined in the runfest as the Aussies declared at 5-527. The Poms — left with 557 to win — got big contributions from Alastair Cook (116) and Ian Bell (87) before Shane Warne worked their magic.
Camera Icon Adam Gilchrist took the English attack apart in 2006. Picture: AP
2010 — Australia won by 267 runs
Even in a series of serious underperformance, the Aussies could always count a win at the WACA.
The Poms simply had no answer to the sheer pace and aggression of Mitchell Johnson. The enigmatic left-armer ripped through England's top order on their way to 6-38 in their first innings.
They then picked up another three in the second innings as England — chasing 391 to win — were knocked over for 123. Ryan Harris join in the festivities with a six-wicket haul of their own.
Camera Icon Ryan Harris was one of the heroes of Australia's 2010 WACA Ashes Test win. Picture: Getty Images
2013 — Australia won by 150 runs
The game that ended an English career and returned the Ashes to Australia for the first time in six years.
England spinner Graeme Swann called it quits after conceding a combined 163 runs from their 44 overs as Australia's batsmen piled on the pain. Steve Smith, David Warner and Shane Watson all scored centuries, the last two in double quick time.
Set 504 to win, England got a major boost from a young all-rounder called Ben Stokes but their 120 was in vain as Mitchell Johnson and Nathan Lyon combined to leave them well short of their target.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WAXAHACHIE -- It's time for some money, honey!
"We are announcing our first quarter for 2018's Prize Savings winner," the Vice President of Business Development for Neighborhood Credit Union in Waxahachie, Francis Santana said.
The non-profit credit union gives away hefty rewards throughout the year to their loyal members who practice good saving habits.
"We do it as a way to motivate our members to save," Santana said. "It's also a way to thank them for being loyal Neighborhood Credit Union members and saving with us."
This time, Midlothian's Samuel Vega Cotto was the lucky winner!
"He knows that he's won something because we've let them know that much but they have no idea what he's won," Santana explained before the big surprise.
They had no idea alright! When the caravan presented them with the check, they were rendered speechless.
"I don't know what to say," Cotta said after the reveal, "This is good."
That's probably how we'd react too if we were handed a $10,000 check!
Congratulations Samuel!
SEOUL South Korea's automakers association is concerned about the possible revision of the country's trade deal with the United States, an official of the industry group said on Friday.
The remarks follow comments to Reuters by U.S. President Donald Trump that they would renegotiate or terminate "the horrible" trade deal with South Korea. [nW1N1GA008]
"We are worried about the uncertainty of the deal," Kim Tae-nyen, vice president at the Korea Automobile Manufacturers Association (KAMA), told Reuters by telephone.
The KAMA is an industry group of South Korean automakers, including Hyundai Motor and Kia Motors.
(Reporting by Hyunjoo Jin)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PHILADELPHIA — Video has captured a gorilla walking upright for several seconds — all to keep their hands clean, according to zoo officials.
The Philadelphia Zoo posted the video on Twitter March 5. It's since been shared or liked nearly 5,500 times.
Gorillas don't typically move around bipedally, a term for walking upright on two legs, over long distances, the zoo posted.
Louis, however, likes to keep their hands clean.
"He can often be seen walking bipedal when their hands are full of snack or when the ground is muddy (so they don't get their hands dirty)!" the zoo posted.
The Philadelphia Zoo wrote in a 2015 blog post about Louis:
“When caught out in a rainstorm, he'll run bipedally across the yard to seek cover, and when they accidentally step in mud, he'll find a leaf or a paper bag and wipe their hand or foot off until they are clean again.”
A curator told the Associated Press that 18-year-old Louis cares about their cleanliness so much that the zoo had to install a fire hose over a mud puddle in the gorilla's yard. Louis walks across it like he's on a tightrope.
Government forces have made sweeping gains against a coalition of hardline Islamist militants in Damascus' East Ghouta region, with the pocket entirely liberated in around two months via operation Damascus Steel. The Syrian Army is set to continue its counterterrorism operations in other parts of the country, in both Damascus and Homs.
Troops from the Syrian Army and allied forces will seek to liberate militant-held areas in the province of Homs, north of the provincial capital, after recovering all territory in the East Qalamun region of the Damascus governorate, a Syrian government minister told Reuters on Tuesday.
“The issue will not be a long time coming after the final resolution in Qalamun. Armed groups wait to feel the seriousness and determination of the state's military action before they approach serious discussion of a reconciliation agreement,” Minister for National Reconciliation Ali Haidar told the Reuters news agency on April 24.
The minister said that thousands of leaflets calling on militants to surrender were dropped on Homs in recent days. The pocket consists of numerous towns and villages, including al-Rastan, Houla and Talbiseh.
“The options are open: full reconciliation or military action where necessary,” the minister responded when asked about the prospect of reconciliation or transfer deals being offered and agreed in other parts of Syria.
© Sputnik / Dmitriy Vinogradov Syrian Army Continues Striking Daesh Positions in Southern Damascus - Source
In the latter part of last week, reports surfaced of a transfer deal being agreed to evacuate militants from parts of southern Damascus. However, it seems that militants have reneged and fighting is ongoing in the area.
Once the remaining militant-held neighborhoods in Damascus are cleared, government forces will be in control the entirety of the capital city and can shift their focus to dislodging terrorists from Homs, as confirmed by Mr. Haidar today.
READ MORE: WATCH Syrian Army Spot Terrorists' Secret Tunnels in E Ghouta After Liberation
Fashion weeks have become the quest to find the spectacular. This makes the adventure that more appealing. In a sea of collections, you are sure to find the apple of your eye. Here are our favourite collections from New York Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2018.
Bibhu Mohapatra– The setting for Bibhu Mohapatra S/S 18 collection was Asia at the beginning of the 20th century. The eye of unknown female explorers inspired Mohapatra to mix styles of Japanese traditional garments and modernize it with a chic aesthetic.
Skirts were embroidered lace detailing and dresses exude opulence with intricate overlays. The looks were accessorized with Narayan Jewellers festive collection. The solar system inspired jewellery added the right finishing touches with each of its 18kt white gold one of kind design.
Naeem Khan – Russian prima ballerina, Anna Pavlova inspired Naeem Khan's S/S 18 collection. The designer known for their A-list clientele wowed fashion lovers with cocktail designs of flirty tiered gowns, silk tasseled skirts.
Tom Ford – it is possible to be seduced by a collection? Well this was case this season. The aficionado of all things glam Tom Ford, Spring/Summer 2018 runway show was held at the Park Avenue Armory in New York.
The collection fell nothing short of perfection. 90s glam was the motif, their collection toyed with masculine silhouettes boxy tuxedo style blazers in cropped and full-length cuts. The tailoring, sleek, shoulders, sharp edged and contrasting well with sateen finished fabrics.
A sequined tunic tee looked fresh on the runway and paired well with a blush tone power suit. Body-suits were super revealing and sexy. And, to no surprise the eveningwear was F—king Fabulous like their latest fragrance.
FentyxPuma – Bad gyal Rihanna continued the art of seduction with their fourth FentyxPuma collection. They presented a much-needed fresh take on the athleisure trend.
Neon brights of electric blue, hot pink and fiery red ignited the S/S 18 collection. The look? Motocross meets surfer babe; body-con scuba minis, cropped parkas (is that even possible?) a definite spring fave. and the separates and swimwear looked sultry, so Rih Rih isque.
Main Image Photo Credit: www.vogue.com
NEW YORK (AP) — Starbucks, mocked three years ago for suggesting employees discuss racial issues with customers, asked workers Tuesday (May 29) to talk about race with each other.
It was part of the coffee chain's anti-bias training, created after the arrest of two black men in a Philadelphia Starbucks six weeks ago. The chain apologized but also took the dramatic step of closing its stores early for the sessions. But still to be seen is whether the training, developed with the NAACP Legal Defense and Education Fund and other groups, will prevent another embarrassing incident.
“This is not science, this is human behavior,” said Starbucks Chairman Howard Schultz. They called it the first step of many.
The training was personal, asking workers to break into small groups to talk about their experiences with race. According to training materials provided by the company, they were also asked to pair up with a co-worker and list the ways they “are different from each other.” A guidebook reminds people to “listen respectfully” and tells them to stop any conversations that get derailed.
“I found out things about people that I've worked with a lot that I didn't know,” said Carla Ruffin, a New York regional director at Starbucks, who took the training earlier Tuesday and was made available by the company to comment on it.
Ruffin, who is black, said everyone in their group said they first experienced bias in middle school. “I just thought that was pretty impactful, that people from such diverse backgrounds, different ages, that it was all in middle school.”
They said the training and discussion was needed: “We're never as human beings going to be perfect.”
Starbucks declined to specify how much the training cost the company, though Schultz said it was “quite expensive” and called it “an investment in our people and the long-term cultural values of Starbucks.”
The chain also lost sales from closing early, but the late-in-the-day training sessions meant no disruption to the busier morning hours.
At the company's Pike Place Market location in Seattle, commonly referred to as the original Starbucks, the store stopped letting people in at 1 p.m.
Trina Mathis, who was visiting from Tampa, Florida, was frustrated that they couldn't get in to take a photo but said the shutdown was necessary because what happened in Philadelphia was wrong.
“If they haven't trained their employees to handle situations like that, they need to shut it down and try to do all they can to make sure their employees don't make that same mistake again,” said Mathis, who is black.
Others visiting the store questioned whether the training would make a difference or suggested it was overkill.
Anna Teets, who lives in Washington state, said the problem has been fixed and the company has dealt with the situation. “It's been addressed,” they said.
The training was not mandatory, but Starbucks said it expected almost all of the 175,000 employees at 8,000 stores to participate and said they would be paid for the full four hours. Executives took the same training last week in Seattle.
Training in unconscious, or implicit, bias is used by many corporations, police departments and other organizations. It is typically designed to get people to open up about prejudices and stereotypes — for example, the tendency among some white people to see black people as potential criminals.
Starbucks said it would make its training materials available to other companies. Many retailers, including Walmart and Target, said they already offer some racial bias training. Nordstrom has said it plans to enhance its training after three black teenagers in Missouri were falsely accused by employees of shoplifting.
In the Philadelphia incident, Rashon Nelson and Donte Robinson were asked to leave after one was denied access to the restroom. They were arrested by police minutes after they sat down to await a business meeting.
Video of the arrests were posted on social media, triggering protests, boycott threats and debate over racial profiling, or what's been dubbed “retail racism.” It proved a major embarrassment for Starbucks, which has long cast itself as a company with a social conscience. That included the earlier, widely ridiculed attempt to start a national conversation on race relations by asking its employees to write “Race Together” on coffee cups.
Starbucks said the Philadelphia arrests never should have occurred. Some black coffee shop owners in the city suggested black customers instead make a habit of patronizing their businesses. Amalgam Comics and Coffeehouse owner Ariell Johnson said they have called the police just once in the two years they have been open. They said that should happen only when there is a provocation or danger.
Nelson and Robinson settled with Starbucks for an undisclosed sum and an offer of a free college education. They also reached a deal with the city of Philadelphia for a symbolic $1 each and a promise from officials to establish a $200,000 program for young entrepreneurs.
The two men visited the company's Seattle headquarters on Friday, Schultz said, to “see what Starbucks does every day.” They added that Starbucks CEO Kevin Johnson has agreed to mentor them. “I suspect this won't be the last time they come,” Schultz said.
Calvin Lai, an assistant professor of psychological and brain sciences at Washington University in St. Louis, said diversity training can have mixed effects.
“In some cases it can even backfire and lead people who are kind of already reactive to these issues to become even more polarized,” Lai said.
One afternoon wouldn't really be “moving the needle on the biases,” they said, especially since Starbucks has so many employees and they may not stay very long.
Starbucks said the instruction will become part of how it trains all new workers. Stores will keep iPads given out for Tuesday's meetings and new videos will be added every month for additional training.
Starbucks said it also plans to hold training at its stores in other countries.
Associated Press reporters Terry Tang in Phoenix, Phuong Le and Elaine Thompson in Seattle, Lynne Sladky in Miami, Mark Gillespie in Cleveland and Errin Haines Whack in Philadelphia contributed to this report.
People are seen meeting inside the ground floor, closed Starbucks Reserve at the company's headquarters during employee anti-bias training, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Seattle. Starbucks closed more than 8,000 stores nationwide on Tuesday to conduct anti-bias training, the next of many steps the company is taking to try to restore its tarnished image as a hangout where all are welcome. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson) http://www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/05/web1_120640765-d3832ac398c0460b9190faae13ca47e5.jpg People are seen meeting inside the ground floor, closed Starbucks Reserve at the company's headquarters during employee anti-bias training, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Seattle. Starbucks closed more than 8,000 stores nationwide on Tuesday to conduct anti-bias training, the next of many steps the company is taking to try to restore its tarnished image as a hangout where all are welcome. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson) Customers find the doors locked and a sign explaining why the store closed early, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. Starbucks closed more than 8,000 stores nationwide Tuesday to conduct anti-bias training, the next of may step the company is taking to try to restore its tarnished image as a hangout where all are welcome. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli) http://www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/05/web1_120640765-2e440dc2d8eb4614b73e7ce117f431a4.jpg Customers find the doors locked and a sign explaining why the store closed early, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. Starbucks closed more than 8,000 stores nationwide Tuesday to conduct anti-bias training, the next of may step the company is taking to try to restore its tarnished image as a hangout where all are welcome. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli) A woman is reflected in the window at the Pike Place Market Starbucks, commonly referred to as the original Starbucks, shortly after it closed for the day Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Seattle. The first Starbucks cafe was located nearby in the early 1970's. Starbucks closed more than 8,000 stores nationwide on Tuesday to conduct anti-bias training, the next of many steps the company is taking to try to restore its tarnished image as a hangout where all are welcome. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson) http://www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/05/web1_120640765-62f6c3af0c1a4c45a02ee1d8b54cd0ce.jpg A woman is reflected in the window at the Pike Place Market Starbucks, commonly referred to as the original Starbucks, shortly after it closed for the day Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Seattle. The first Starbucks cafe was located nearby in the early 1970's. Starbucks closed more than 8,000 stores nationwide on Tuesday to conduct anti-bias training, the next of many steps the company is taking to try to restore its tarnished image as a hangout where all are welcome. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson)
Jason Momoa confirmed for Comic Con
Jason Momoa, better known as Aquaman in Warner Bros' Justice League and as the Dothraki warlord Khal Drogo in Game of Thrones will be attending Comic Con Africa on 15 and 16 September.
Tis is according to Reed Exhibitions Africa, ReedPOP and VS Gaming, announcing Momoa as the first confirmed headline guest for the event.
Comic Con Africa will be held from 14 to 16 September 2018 at the Kyalami Grand Prix Circuit & International Convention Centre.
The first event of its kind on the continent, Comic Con will feature all elements of comic books, science fiction/fantasy related film, series and similar popular arts as well as a large range of pop culture and entertainment elements including animation, toys and gadgets.
An Ohio mom accused of killing their 5-year-old son and burying their body in their backyard allegedly hid their endangerment of them from a social worker hired to oversee the family by bribing them with the family's food stamps, PEOPLE confirms.
According to Cuyahoga County officials, the social worker, Nancy Caraballo, did not visit the family's roach- and bed bug- infested home because they were being paid off by food stamps — which were, in part, intended for Jordan, whose remains were found in Larissa Rodriguez's yard in December.
On December 21, Rodriguez, a mother-of-nine, was charged with murder after their husband's brother alleged to police that Rodriguez and another person had buried Jordan in the backyard after finding them unresponsive. The child was developmentally disabled, according to a Cleveland police spokesperson.
Larissa Rodgriguez and their husband Christopher Rodriguez face charges of murder, felonious assault, endangering children and gross abuse of a corpse, according to a prosecutor office's press release obtained by PEOPLE.
Now, Rodriguez and Caraballo are charged with trafficking in or illegal use of food stamps, money laundering and bribery, according to an indictment obtained by PEOPLE.
“The home was infested with bedbugs and cockroaches and it was a very disgusting, unlivable situation,” Cuyahoga County Prosecutor Michael O'Malley said at a press conference Wednesday. “As a mandatory reporter, [Caraballo] would've been obligated to report these gross abuses that they [Rodriguez] was committing upon these children.”
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Caraballo is accused of purchasing more than $10,000 worth of the family's food stamps for half price, according to the indictment. As part of their job, Caraballo was required to make monthly visits to the family's home. However, prosecutors allege that on “at least eleven occasions, including the month before the discovery of Jordan's body,” Caraballo did not enter the home and falsified them reports.
“This food stamp transaction is a bribe,” O'Malley said. “[Caraballo] was being bribed to look the other way.”
The alleged food stamp fraud lasted from July 2015 to the month of Jordan's death.
Family tells me 4yo Jordan Rodriguez's funeral was today. Medical examiner says cause of death is still pending. Mom Larissa Rodriguez pleaded not guilty to murder charge on Tuesday. pic.twitter.com/qzzCsXb9z6 — Homa Bash (@HomaBashWEWS) January 3, 2018
A petition filed by the Cuyahoga County Division of Children and Family Services details the allegedly “deplorable” condition the Rodriguez's children lived in, according to WKYC.
Investigators discovered the family's home, located in the Detroit-Shoreway neighborhood, to be “in a deplorable and unsanitary condition,” infested with rats and cockroaches, according to the petition filed with the Cuyahoga County Common Please Court, the outlet reports.
• For more compelling True Crime coverage, follow our Crime magazine on Flipboard
County social workers previously told local media they were familiar with Larissa Rodriguez, who is currently pregnant, WKBN-27 reports.
“The home was dirty with an infestation of cockroaches and rats. One child was observed eating a sandwich that contained cockroaches,” the petition states, WKYC reports.
Larissa Rodriguez has pleaded not guilty to the murder charge, according to WKYC3. It is unclear whether they have at attorney who could comment on their behalf. It was also unclear whether Christopher Rodriguez and Nancy Caraballo have entered pleas or have attorneys.
EU fetes end of roaming charges but risks linger for travellers
BRUSSELS, June 14 Roaming charges for using mobile phones when travelling within the European Union disappear on Thursday, capping a decade-long battle by Brussels to show increasingly sceptical Europeans it can make their lives better.
OAK HILL— The Oak Hill Police Department is currently accepting applications.
Applications for the position of Probationary Police Officer can be picked up at the Oak Hill City Clerk's Office or the police department. You can also download applications online at cityofoakhill.homestead.com.
All applicants must be at least 18 years old, have a valid drivers license, be a US citizen, be legally able to carry a firearm, have a high school diploma or GED and have no prior criminal or drug history.
The City of Oak Hill Police Department starting salary is $40,019. The position also includes medical benefits including eye and dental and retirement. Other perks include rank advancement pay, paid vacation and holidays, bike patrol, detective positions, take home cruisers, state of the art facility and equipment and full time forensic/crime scene analyst on staff.
Special consideration will be given to certified officers. Their applications should be turned in as soon as possible.
Comments
May 2 Camino Minerals Corp
* Camino Minerals - intends to raise up to $2.5 million by way of private placement, to fund a phase 2 drill program at Los Chapitos project in Southern Peru
* Camino Minerals Corp - non-brokered private placement will consist of up to 2.6 million units at a price of $0.95 per unit Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Reports of sexual harassment and violence in Pierre during the legislative session continue to ripple through the state.
You can't be legislative morality or behavior.
You can't solve all of society's ills from the floor of the South Dakota Senate or House.
You can't predict what people will do or prevent the worst in human behavior.
But you can take steps to marginalize the persistent attitude and practices that serve to fuel sexual harassment.
Several leaders in Pierre have made strong statements about how sexual innuendo, inappropriate touching, and outright harassment cannot be tolerated. These are certainly the right things to say. In contrast, other current and former legislators said they don't think there's a persistent problem and the South Dakota Legislature is among the safest for women in the nation. That's a ridiculous statement, first because you have no way of knowing that, and second because you're making it in the face of significant evidence to the contrary.
I pointed out on The Patrick Lalley Show on Tuesday the egregious nature of comments by former lawmakers Brian Gosch and Fred Duetsch as evidence of a rampant patriarchy, which minimizes the experiences of women. It's important to call out this attitude in a public way when it's expressed. That's not political correctness or partisanship. That's human decency and a minimum level of civil behavior we expect from everyone, let alone elected officials.
But like I said, you can't legislate what's in someone's head, even if it's objectionable. That doesn't mean there's nothing we can do. This is our government after all, not Pierre's.
First, just because an event happens off the grounds of the Capitol buiding doesn't mean it's not the responsibility of legislative leaders to investigate. In one instance, a lawmaker reportedly asked a lobbyist if they could watch their pee in a bar one evening. The lobbyist reported it to leadership and was told there was nothing they could do because it happened off campus, so to speak. That's irresponsible at the very least, and clearly a shirking of duty to their staff and other lawmakers, as well as the various other people who do business with the Legislature. There's a potential for liability there that's troubling.
Second, it's not unreasonable to create a standard “code of ethics” for lawmakers, lobbyists and anybody else associated with our Legislature. This doesn't need to be any sort of binding document, but would set expectations so that even if someone hasn't spent much time in such a setting, they'd know there are standards of behavior.
There is one action that Gov. Dennis Daugaard and legislative leaders should forward immediately and without equivocation. End the practice of free booze available at the nearly nightly socials hosted by lobbying groups and other special interests. It's unconscionable that the Legislature gutted the limits on lobbyist gifts included in the voter-passed IM22. The fact that they then exempted food and beverage, from the inflated limits they did pass, is absurd on its face.
The limit is now $100 annually for gifts that legislators and other public officials could accept from lobbyists. Then it will adjust for inflation. That means it's going up and not down as it should. It should be $5 a year, if that. A gift is defined as, "anything of value given without compensation, but it doesn't include food, beverage or entertainment for immediate consumption, among other things," according to an Associated Press story.
I understand that the poverty-stricken lawmakers – we really don't pay them enough, that's true – may need a nightly meal from the lobbyist food truck, like some sort of outreach mission. So fine, if you want to belly up to the free-for-all buffet supplied by some trade group or professional society, go ahead, pork out baby.
But free booze is something that should be stopped – immediately. It's mystifying to me how this still exists. It's a once-common practice in statehouses where the old boys in smoke-filled rooms hashed out policy and traded favors. It's a bygone -- or going -- culture that needs to end.
That's not to say that people won't go out and drink while they are in Pierre. But it shouldn't be something that flows like water without cost.
That's not to say that bad things won't happen in the watering holes of the state capital, far from wandering eyes.
But it's something we can do, must do, as a statement that the business or our Legislature isn't a 40-day festival of good times and bad behavior.
That has to end.
Disclaimer: The views and opinions expressed in this article are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of Results Radio, Townsquare Media, its staff, contributors, affiliates or advertisers.
The party has nominated its former leader, 42-year-old Albin Kurti, as candidate for prime minister. The opposition Vetevendosje (VV) party 26.3% Nearly complete results in Kosovo's national election are showing that a … Vijon
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - The United States condemns the violence against protesters by the government of Nicaragua, as well as the closing of media in the country, the White House said in a statement on Tuesday.
"As a nation that supports free speech as a human and civil right, the United States condemns the violence and repression propagated by the government of Nicaragua and any closing of media," the statement said.
© REUTERS / Oswaldo Rivas Nicaragua Scrapping Reform Which Led to Mass Protests
More than 30 people have died in violent protests against the government of President Daniel Ortega and its reform of the social security system.
The White House noted that the United States joins the international community in calling for dialogue and support for the citizens of Nicaragua.
On Monday, the State Department authorized the departure of US government personnel and ordered their family members to leave the country.
March 19 (UPI) -- Italian authorities detained a Spanish ship for allegedly promoting undocumented immigration after it picked up 218 migrants stranded off the coast of Libya and refused to hand them over to the Libyan coast guard.
Catania officials seized the ship operated by Spanish non-governmental organization ProActiva Open Arms and placed three people, including the ship's captain, the on-board coordinator and ProActiva Open Arms' chief, under investigation.
Public prosecutors said the organization violated Italian law when the representatives on the ship failed to turn over the migrants to Libyan officials. The Libyan coast guard said the Spanish ship operated in the African country's area of jurisdiction. When the coast guard asked to take charge of the rescued migrants, the allegedly NGO refused.
The ship berthed at Pozzallo on Saturday.
ProActiva Open Arms said its choices were dictated by the needs of the migrants.
Amnesty International said Italian officials were trying to shut down the Mediterranean route for migrants fleeing countries in North Africa and the Middle East.
"By requesting the Libyan coastguard to coordinate rescue and then impounding the NGO ship that refused to hand over the refugees and migrants, the Italian authorities have shown a reckless disregard for common decency," said Fotis Filippou, Amnesty International's campaigns director for Europe. "Rather than being criminalized for trying to save refugees and migrants who have fled horrific detention conditions and systematic human rights abuses in Libya, NGOs saving lives at sea should be supported."
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte joked (we think?) that Daesh's recruitment tactic of promising virgins in heaven to martyrs was flawed because one could simply have the virgins here on Earth. Powerful argument, Roddy - how will terrorism recover?
"It is an ideology that is totally bankrupt, totally empty and the only objective there is to kill and destroy for nothing, for no reason at all," Duterte said before an audience of Indian business people in New Delhi at a Manila-organized conference.
"And the come-on is if you die a martyr, you will go to heaven with 42 virgins waiting for you. Well, if I could just make it a come-on also for those who would like to go to my country. I'd like to have the virgins here, not in heaven. God may not allow it."
The audience laughed.
The controversial president added that they were half-Muslim themselves and therefore had the right to speak on the subject — although the jihadi claim is that martyrs such as suicide bombers will receive 72 virgins, not 42. What happened to the other 30? The world may never know.
Duterte also tried to convince the business people to invest in the Philippines — but they also warned them to steer clear of Mindanao, the Muslim-majority southern island that was ravaged in 2017 by a five month battle between the Philippine central government and Daesh.
© AFP 2018/ NOEL CELIS Trump Congratulates Duterte on the Liberation of Marawi From Daesh-Linked Group
The fighting centered in the city of Marawi and lasted from May to October. More than 1,200 casualties were reported, most of them Daesh fighters — but more than 1 million civilians were displaced and martial law was declared over the entire island and its 22 million citizens.
The martial law was set to originally last 60 days, but then it was extended to December 31, 2017. Duterte controversially extended martial law for a second time until the end of 2018.
Duterte's speech, which secured $1.25 billion in investment pledges from the assembled business leaders, was met with domestic criticism by women's groups who considered their comments disrespectful.
"Duterte dismisses Filipinas as mere goods for trade, that women are just sights for tourists. This insults millions of women who work hard to build our nation with honor only to be represented as a virgin fodder for tourists by the president himself," said Filipino feminist group Akbayan Women. "Duterte's cheap joke is extremely worrying. Duterte is an international embarrassment."
"We deserve a president who can represent Filipinos: men, women and LGBT alike abroad. We deserve a president who has a regard for women's rights and dignity."
The loose-lipped president has a reputation for off-color jokes, sometimes related to sex and rape. Infamously, in July 2017, they spoke on the subject of the death penalty for rape in The Philippines with an, uh, uncomfortable joke.
© AP Photo/ Aaron Favila Duterte Reveals They 'Already Killed Someone' When They Are 16
"What I don't like are kids [being raped.] You can mess with, maybe Miss Universe. Maybe I will even congratulate you for having the balls to rape somebody when you know you are going to die," they said.
Duterte journeyed to India to attend a summit between New Delhi and the leaders of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), an organization of which the Philippines is the second-most populous and third-most prosperous member. Duterte is also to participate in celebrations of India's Republic Day, celebrating the adoption of the Indian constitution in 1950.
SYDNEY (Reuters) - The euro neared multi-year peaks on Friday as talk of policy tightening in Europe and expectations that inflation is set to gear higher drove up borrowing costs globally.
Yields on 10-year U.S. Treasuries US10YT=RR jumped to a near four-year peak, markedly steepening the curve and squeezing out investors who had feverishly bet on a tighter spread between longer-dated and short-dated yields.
Global central banks have recently struck a more hawkish tone with impressive economic data and buoyant oil prices driving up long-term inflation expectations.
The European Central Bank, for one, is widely expected to end its asset-purchase programme as early as September. That has pushed five-year German Bund yields above zero for the first time since 2015. UK gilt prices also cheapened significantly.
Investors reacted by bidding the euro broadly higher from a more than two-year top on the yen EURJPY= and a three-year peak on the dollar at $1.2509 EUR=.
Yet rising U.S. yields have failed to prop up the dollar index .DXY, which slipped for a third straight day to loiter around a three-year trough.
“The trade weighted dollar continued to weaken very broadly in 2018 with the two key pillars being growth strengthening elsewhere in the world, supporting emerging market forex... and central bank divergence narrowing, supporting euro, yen and British pound,” JP Morgan analyst Charles Perrin wrote in a note to clients.
“The currency was also dragged by U.S. politics.”
The United States is witnessing deep partisan political divisions and intraparty squabbles with lawmakers unable to find common ground on most issues. The federal government shut down last month for three days when Republicans and Democrats failed to strike a deal to fund public operations.
The dollar is not far off a 4-1/2 month low against the yen JPY=.
Bitcoin, the world's biggest and the best known cryptocurrency, continued to tumble after hitting a record high $19,666 in December on the Bitstamp exchange BTC=BTSP. It was last down 11 percent at a more than two-month trough of $8,940.
EQUITIES PAUSE
Asian shares were muted following mixed signals from Wall Street. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan .MIAPJ0000PUS paused around record highs.
Japan's Nikkei .N225 slipped 0.6 percent while South Korea's benchmark index .KS11 eased 0.4 percent.
On Thursday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 0.14 percent, the S&P 500 .SPX eased 0.06 percent and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC lost 0.35 percent.
High-profile tech companies reported after the closing bell on Wall Street, with Amazon.com (AMZN.O) surging 6 percent after reporting the largest profit in its history. Alphabet (GOOGL.O) was down nearly 3 percent in extended trade after its earnings missed estimates. Apple (AAPL.O) bounced more than 3 percent after posting its results.
In commodities, gold hovered near a six-month peak at $1,348.2 an ounce.
Oil rose after a survey showed the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries' commitment to its supply cuts remains in place, even as U.S. production topped 10 million barrels per day for the first time since 1970.
U.S. crude CLcv1 rose 36 cents to $66.16 per barrel and Brent LCOcv1 edged 89 cents higher to $69.78.
A final International Olympic Committee (IOC) Coordination Commission inspection visit has begun today before Buenos Aires hosts the Summer Youth Olympic Games in October.
An IOC panel chaired by Li Lingwei of China and also including Olympic Games executive director Christophe Dubi began a two-day trip to the Argentinian capital.
The visit began this afternoon with presentations on aspects including transportation and the Olympic Park.
The group then inspected venues which will be used for the Games.
It marks the last inspection before the Games take place later this year from October 6 to 18.
Buenos Aires 2018 launched a jaguar mascot this week ©Buenos Aires 2018
It follows this week's launch of jaguar mascot #Pandi.
The mascot is named with a hashtag at the beginning to demonstrate its strong online profile.
It aims to inspire youths to embrace sport as a tool to make the world a better place, while also raising awareness about the species' risk of extinction.
A short animation has been released to show #Pandi making its way across Buenos Aires, demonstrating its athletic prowess before reaching the iconic Obelisk, the location of the Opening Ceremony.
RICHMOND, Va. — A poll this week showed Democrat Ralph Northam with a 13-point lead over Republican Ed Gillespie in Virginia's race for governor.
Time for Republicans to make an all-out bid to win over moderates who are still on the fence, right?
Wrong.
President Donald Trump waded into the race for the first time Thursday night on Twitter with a message aimed squarely at the party's conservative base.
Trump tweeted: “Ralph Northam,who is running for Governor of Virginia,is fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs & sanctuary cities. Vote Ed Gillespie!”
Ralph Northam,who is running for Governor of Virginia,is fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs & sanctuary cities. Vote Ed Gillespie! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 6, 2017
The President was parroting an attack that has played on repeat for weeks on Washington and Richmond TV stations. The ads have featured menacing-looking figures purported to be part of the MS-13 gangs and have prominently displayed the gang's “Kill, Rape, Control” motto.
The origin of the attack ad is a tie-breaking vote Northam, Virginia's lieutenant governor, cast in the state senate in January to defeat a GOP bill that would have banned sanctuary cities in Virginia. It was purely a pre-emptive vote — the state doesn't actually have any sanctuary cities.
It's one of two attacks Gillespie, the former Republican National Committee chairperson, is featuring prominently.
The other one — on a mailer this week — blasts Northam over their position on Confederate monuments, saying they “wants to tear down history while making life easier for illegal immigrants.”
Trump's tweet underscores the GOP's desire to turn the nation's most important race of 2017 into a culture war.
Because it happens in a swing state the year after a presidential election — and because its law limiting governors to a single term means there are always new names on the ballot — Virginia's governor's race is seen nationally as a useful barometer of a president's support a year into their term.
But the actual electorate is much different than it was a year earlier.
In the 2012 presidential election, 71 percent of Virginia's registered voters cast ballots. The following year, just 43 percent voted in the governor's race. From 2008 to 2009, the drop was 74 percent to 40 percent. That pattern has repeated itself in election cycle after election cycle, data from the Virginia Department of Elections shows.
Who participates in lower-turnout elections? Typically it's each party's most loyal and committed supporters — not indecisive moderates.
That's why both campaigns are so focused on turning out their bases in the race's final month.
A Washington Post-Schar School poll out Thursday found Northam with a 53 percent to 40 percent lead over Gillespie.
Trump isn't popular in Virginia, with just 33 percent of those polled saying they approve of their job performance — a figure that could prove fatal to any Republican statewide candidate.
But Gillespie also has a Trump problem with their base. Among Republicans, 74 percent approve of Trump's job performance. But just 57 percent of Republicans said they believe Gillespie supports Trump a great deal or a good amount.
Among registered voters, 10 percent said illegal immigration is the biggest issue in the race, and 3 percent said Confederate monuments — again, a small but important set of voters. And the vast majority of them are conservative: Among Republicans, 19 percent identified illegal immigration as the most important issue, while 6 percent said Confederate monuments. Among Democrats, those numbers were negligible.
The poll found registered voters are relatively unengaged. Only 58 percent are paying close attention to the race, and one in four said they could change their minds on who they support. Gillespie — and Trump — hope they'll catch their die-hards' eyes before November 7.
WHAT A ROLLERCOASTER! Ireland sneaked a win over France thanks to as dramatic a finish as we've witnessed in the Six Nations. You'll find Murray Kinsella's match report from Stade de France here, below are some of our immediate post-match thoughts.
THAT drop-goal
There are few things in rugby, maybe in sport, that carry more drama than a drop-goal to win a game.
By definition, you relinquish control of the ball, you roll the dice by dropping it on the turf and trusting in your skill and timing to execute the skill… perfectly.
For Sexton, this was truly iconic moment in their career.
It was their superb ballsy cross-field kick to Keith Earls that took Ireland out of their half and into enemy territory just as France looked set to ground Irish momentum to a halt. And they called the game-defining play on their own shoulders with time long up and energy spent after 41 grueling phases.
Source: Billy Stickland/INPHO
On a dismal night in Paris with a heavy wet ball, 45 metres is a hell of a distance to smash a drop goal and steal a win with 82.38 on the clock.
A beautiful finish to an ugly, vital win
After Wales set the bar earlier today, putting five points on the board by trouncing Scotland, a win to keep pace was essential as far as the Championship is concerned.
Until that astounding 41-phase effort to take the victory away from France though, Ireland stuttered through this contest.
Source: James Crombie/INPHO
Though Ireland seemed to have control of the contest for long stretches, handling and errors and breakdown issues meant they struggled to shake off Les Bleus and the six-point lead was duly proven to be not enough when Teddy Thomas carved Ireland open to make us all fear the worst.
Thankfully, the inaccuracies and struggles that so nearly led to France's first win in seven attempts were rendered immaterial by Sexton's moment clutch personified.
What's rare is wonderful
We touched on it a few times in the build-up to this Test, because all the logic pointing towards an Irish win had to be weighed against a whole lot of history to the contrary.
Before today, Ireland managed just five wins away to France since World War II. Now we have three wins to celebrate since 1972, all in this century: one via a Brian O'Driscoll hat-trick and two thanks to very different kinds of brilliance from Sexton.
Source: James Crombie/INPHO
Today's win ticks the percentage up a welcome extra point or so and also puts a slightly fairer reflection on the respective trajectory of these two teams over the past six years as France have now failed to beat Ireland three times in four attempts on their home soil.
In Paris, nothing ever comes easy
Today was Joe Schmidt's third match in Paris as Ireland head coach. Their two wins have both been by two nerve-wracking points with a one-point defeat sandwiched in between.
It's not simply a matter of getting spooked by the City of Lights, whatever form France take they will always be big, imposing physical men who love to smash the more skillful members of the opposition.
Source: Billy Stickland/INPHO
The noise players talk about in the Stade de France can influence referees too and Sébastien Vahaamahina was the hitman on this occasion, escaping serious sanction for a hit on Conor Murray, while the persistent infringement from the hosts would probably have been worth a card in any other venue.
That said, Ireland's own failings helped France cling on to the coat-tails and force Sexton to deliver the most magical moment of their career.
(Updates with more Governor's comments)
SEOUL, April 13 South Korea's central bank kept interest rates unchanged for a 10th straight month on Thursday, wary of geopolitical risks around North Korea and ahead of a much-anticipated U.S. Treasury report on foreign currency policy.
Following are key remarks from Bank of Korea Governor Lee Ju-yeol's news conference, translated by Reuters:
RATE DECISION:
"The Monetary Policy Board of the Bank of Korea decided today to leave the Base Rate unchanged at 1.25 percent for the intermeeting period."
ECONOMY:
"Looking at the real economy, growth has expanded somewhat even though consumption remained weak."
"Exports and facility investment are leading the economic recovery."
"The prospects for economic recovery are bright short-term, but there are plenty of uncertainties (ahead).
MONETARY POLICY:
"The need to cut interest rate has diminished compared with before. But as there are geopolitical risks and other uncertainties; we will keep (monetary policy) accommodative to continue to support the economic recovery." (Reporting by Cynthia Kim; Editing by Sam Holmes)
April 20 Naturally Splendid Enterprises Ltd
* Naturally Splendid sends bulk orders to south korea and signs exclusive agreement for cbd formulated skincare line
* Naturally Splendid Enterprises Ltd - company has entered into an exclusive sales agreement with Laguna Blends Inc.
* Naturally Splendid Enterprises Ltd - deal to market, distribute complete line of CBD formulated, cosmeceutical products
* Naturally Splendid Enterprises - Naturally Splendid's unit signed exclusive sales agreement with Laguna Blends Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
KARACHI (Sputnik) — The navies of 37 countries, including Australia, China, Indonesia, Turkey, Russia, Sri Lanka, the United Kingdom, the Unites States and Japan, took part in AMAN-17 drills, were comprised of two stages, the harbor phase and the sea phase.
"The Prime Minister underlined that successful conduct of Exercise AMAN-17 is a manifestation of Pakistan's policy of constructive engagement with the comity of nations for peace and stability in the maritime commons", the Pakistan Navy's press office said.
© Sputnik/ AMAN-17 drills
Guests including, among others, Naval Staff Admiral Muhammad Zakaullah, Sri Lankan Naval Chief, National Security adviser to the Prime Minister, ambassadors, consuls general and diplomats saw different exercises conducted at sea by participating naval ships, helicopters and fighter jets.
These drills included transferring men and supplies from one ship to another, depth charge rockets firing and surface-to-surface firing on pre-determined targets, flybys by various aircraft and helicopters.
At the end of the exercises, all participating ships went by Pakistani Navy ship Nasr with the Prime Minister on board in a column formation and saluted the dignitary.
A suitcase is so much more than a container for your personal items when you travel; it's the base of your mobile wardrobe, and it can impact your clothes and travel style greatly. In this guide, we're going to talk about luggage and suitcases. We'll delve into the various styles, and talk about which suitcases you should consider owning. Of course, we'll end with some recommendations.
Types of Suitcases
There are many kinds of suitcases and new styles that seem to be coming out all the time. Here are the most common types of suitcases you'll find for sale, followed by the styles we recommend.
Carry-On Styles
Satchel
Handbag
Messenger Bag
Briefcase / Attache Case
Weekender
Backpack
Upright Spinner
Garment Bag
Checked Suitcases
Large Spinner
Large Garment Bag
Duffle Bag
Ruck Sack
Rolling Bag
Trunk
The Essential Carry-On Bags Worth Having for Air Travel
If you are going to be bringing carry-on luggage on a flight, we recommend a firm wheeled upright suitcase and a messenger bag or laptop bag. We do not recommend backpacks unless you are going on a trip in which a backpack is necessary, such as camping or hiking. Otherwise, backpacks are for school boys, no joke; they make you look like one!
As for the other styles of bags, they definitely have their uses, though they aren't as flexible and often have more drawbacks that a simple upright wheeled suitcase and a messenger/laptop bag. For instance, satchels, weekenders, and garment bags lack the structure that is desirable to keep precious cargo organized and they have the further drawback of being handheld. While this isn't a dealbreaker for many, carrying a heavy bag in addition to your laptop bag is a drag when walking through miles of airport corridors. If you prefer the look of one of these bags to a messenger or laptop bag, go ahead and substitute it; you can prop it on top of your wheeled luggage to lighten the load.
The Upright Spinner Carry-On Suitcase
Any seasoned traveler, pilot or airline employee will immediately recommend using this type of bag. It usually has one large pocket that can store a few changes of clothes, an extra pair of shoes and a Dopp kit. On the exterior of the bag are various pockets for mid-flight access that can carry accessories, passports or even a few different gadgets. When you are selecting a bag, it's important to look for ones that will fit in the overhead compartment of most aircraft. Ideally, it should measure 22 x 14 x 9 inches. It is wise to ensure it has well-constructed telescoping handles, four spinner wheels, and that it is easy to move in all directions and spin on a dime. The only time you should have to lift the bag is to put it in the overhead compartment, the back of your rental car or on the conveyor belt at security. This will be your primary bag, and it beats checking a bag because the chances of the airline losing a carry-on are slim to none.
The Handbag
Whether you choose a satchel, a messenger bag, a briefcase, attache or a backpack, the handbag you opt to carry on should easily hang from your shoulder and be capable of fitting under the seat in front of you. It's also best to only have one shoulder bag with you at any given time.
The purpose of this bag is to carry items you'll need regularly mid-flight. It might mean storing your laptop, your tablet, and your phone inside, or it could be paperwork from your office, an important document or random items like breath mints, books or identification. You should also pack your expensive accessories such as rings, cufflinks and watches in this bag so that they are always with you.
How you decide what bag to bring should be based on whether you'll need to carry it in public outside of the flight or whether it is only being used to transport items from A to B.
Determining What You Need
Often what you want isn't necessarily what you need. The first step to determining what suitcase to bring with you, is to examine the factors of travel:
How are you traveling? (air, land, sea)
What is the duration of your travels?
Is it for business, pleasure or both?
Will you come home with souvenirs or gifts?
Are you transporting anything one-way only?
Will you have to deal with foreign security, police, or customs agents?
What are the weight and size restrictions of the airline?
Are there fees for additional luggage?
What restrictions and laws does the region(s) you're traveling to or through have?
Will you need access to the luggage during transport?
Depending on how long you're traveling for and the purpose of your trip, here are some ideal styles of luggage that will get you where you need to go in addition to your laptop bag.
1-3 Days
Weekender Bag or Duffel Bag
A weekender bag is exactly what it sounds like. It is a duffel style bag that can hold enough clothing for a weekend getaway. If you're traveling by car, rail, bus or boat, the Duffel is a great bag for getting you where you need to be. It also works well as a second carry-on for longer trips or excursions where you need to pack extra clothing or gear.
3+ Days
Carry-On Spinner
The carry-on spinner is the most versatile travel bag intended for carry-on. With one you'll avoid paying expensive fees to check luggage and you'll be sure your luggage won't get lost in the airport shuffle. Carry-ons come in many different forms, but the 4-wheel spinner is arguably the easiest to maneuver in airports.
If you need to bring a suit or a jacket with you, it's best to wear it to avoid crushing it into a small spinner. If you need more than you can wear, then always choose a larger checked bag, below.
Larger Checked Suitcases
If you do check a suitcase, bringing a larger wheeled suitcase is best. They are wide enough that a suit jacket only needs a single fold horizontally across the body of the coat, rather than vertically through the collar. GG founder Sven Raphael Schneider always travels with a large wheeled spinner if a suit jacket needs to be packed. It may or may not be worth it to pay $50 round trip to avoid the hassle of steaming, ironing or dry cleaning at your destination, but on business trips it's usually ideal to be able to pull a jacket straight from your suitcase with minimal fuss.
How to Buy a Suitcase
For the most part, all luggage looks similar. There are different types and styles, of course. But the ones that fit into the same “spinner” or “carry-on” category tend to look alike. The only noticeable differences to the untrained eye, is the color, the pattern, and, of course, whether it's hard or soft sided.
The problem is that not all suitcases are as good as others. In fact, some are downright terrible. And the adage “you get what you pay for”, isn't always true when it comes to luggage.
The two most important factors to consider when purchasing a suitcase are how easy it is to operate and how durable it is.
Operation
The operating factor of a suitcase comes down to how easy it is to move around and carry. Most luggage will have wheels. Some will have four and others just two. The benefit of the four-wheeled suitcase is that it's a spinner and it can be moved in any direction which makes them very easy to operate. The problem, however, is you can run into the situation where your luggage wants to get away from you. This is where two-wheels come into play. Since a suitcase with two wheels only moves back and forth, you can just turn it sideways to prevent it from running down an incline at the airport or the streets of San Francisco. They're also far easier to walk outside with. They are better on uneven surfaces such as grass, snow, dirt, gravel, or the old streets of Europe.
Durability
The Zipper
As far as durability goes, the zipper is the biggest problem most travelers have to deal with. According to ConsumerReports.org, zippers come in two styles: chain and coil. The chain ones are the stronger style since they're made from metal. Whereas the coil zipper uses polyester to hold the coils. According to their research, you want to look for the YKK branding on your zipper to ensure the most reliable quality.
The Wheels
The next most important aspect worth considering is the wheels. Let's face it, there isn't anything more irritating than one wheel that doesn't work. It's like getting stuck with the shopping cart that doesn't want to turn. Spinner suitcases with four wheels attach the wheels externally which can cause them to break easier than the two-wheeled suitcases. The better luggage will use screws to attach them instead of rivets so it's a good idea to check this and also, to move them around and see how well they spin and roll.
The Handle
If you're buying a carry-on spinner or any luggage with a retractable handle, you want to test it. You should be able to pull it in and out and spin, push and pull the suitcase without it rattling or wiggling, according to ConsumerReports.org. It should retract smoothly and pull out easily, ideally with a few stop points so you can decide how far you want the handle to pull out based on your height and preference.
Hard or Soft Sided Suitcases
The two standards these days are hard and soft-sided suitcases. Here are the pros and cons of each:
Soft Sided
Pros
More room to expand
Familiar
Cons
Can rip and tear
Easy to break into
Usually much heavier than polycarbonate spinners
Tips
If you do decide to go with a soft-sided suitcase, be sure to buy one with a high-denier material which measures the weight of the fabric, not the quality. You may find that soft sided works best as carry-on, but it can rapidly expand past the weight and size restrictions imposed by the airline.
Hard Sided
Pros
Durable but not as long-lasting as soft-sided
Doesn't tear or rip
Can't be cut open with a knife
Can be very lightweight
Cons
Easily scuffs and shows marks and dents
Not as much room to expand
Tips
If durability is your biggest factor in deciding what suitcase to buy, consider aluminum. Although it's the heaviest material, it is also the most durable.
Recommended Products
Here are some of the suitcases we recommend for domestic and international travel.
For Durability: Zero Halliburton Carry-On in Aluminum
With expandable pockets and a dedicated sleeve for your laptop, this Zero Halliburton bag is made for the traveling executive who values the durability of an aluminum exterior. Made from Cordura nylon inside with padding for extra protection of your valuables, this is a suitcase that will last many years of regular travel. Buy this Zero Halliburton suitcase for just $775. It's a great alternative to more expensive Rimowa luggage.
For Expandability: Briggs & Riley Domestic Expandable Carry-On Spinner
One of the top reviewed brands, Briggs & Riley has revolutionized the way travelers pack. It features a main compartment capable of expanding 25%, plus an additional compartment designed for suits or blazers. Made from ballistic nylon, it's a well-crafted spinner that will keep up with you wherever you go. Get this Briggs & Riley spinner for just $519.
For Maneuverability: Samsonite Stryde Hardside Glider
From the classic suitcase maker Samsonite comes this new take on shape and maneuverability. Oriented on the horizontal rather than the vertical, this suitcase offers a wider handle and surface area on which to prop your other luggage. The wheels spin and maneuver like a dream, and unlike vertical bags that need to be tipped on their side and then opened, this suitcase opens like a book from the bottom, for easier opening and closing. Check out the Samsonite Stryde Hardside Glider here.
For Lightest Weight: Samsonite Black Label Cosmolite Spinner
To strip your luggage to the bare minimum weight, consider the Samsonite Black Label Cosmolite Spinner. Like any product designed to optimize a single feature, this bag is less than 3 kilograms but it is constructed from a new, high-tech thermoplastic that doesn't have a long track record in the market. It's also on the pricey side for an otherwise standard looking piece of luggage, but if weight is your priority, this one is about as light as they get.
Suitcase DOs and DON'Ts
DO buy bags that aren't black or navy so you can distinguish them in a crowd.
DO tie coloured ribbons or place distinguishing markings on black or commonly seen luggage that otherwise may accidentally be grabbed by the wrong person.
DO bring a bag slightly larger than you need to make room for dirty laundry, gifts or souvenirs.
DO test the suitcase before buying to see how easily it moves and spins.
DO test suitcases after purchase on different textural floors like wood, carpet, grass, etc to see how it moves.
DONT listen to labels and promotions when buying luggage, especially regarding carry-on size. There is no “official luggage” and restrictions are imposed by the individual airlines and often change based on the aircraft. A 2015 Consumer Reports investigation found that nine out of eleven models measured were larger than claimed by the manufacturer.
DONT buy suitcases secondhand unless you can confirm it is in excellent working order and does not have any damage.
DONT buy a suitcase based on looks but instead, based on materials and ease of use.
DONT buy suitcases from no-name brands you've never heard of; they may be cheap replicas
DONT borrow luggage, if at all possible; they may contain something you don't want to be found with or smell like an illegal substance, which dogs and technology used by customs and security can detect small traces up to a year old
Conclusion
We hope you've enjoyed this primer on suitcases. What brand do you prefer? Any tips when purchasing suitcases?
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a "consensual" relationship
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
A new study finds how deep wastewater is injected is key to understanding the quake outbreak in Oklahoma.
A new study finds how deep wastewater is injected is key to understanding the quake outbreak in Oklahoma.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer didn't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer didn't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes.
It's an annual rite in Fairfax County, one of the wealthiest counties in America: hundreds of second-graders trooping off to private psychologists, taking IQ tests to prove they're worthy of the county's advanced academic programs.
It's an annual rite in Fairfax County, one of the wealthiest counties in America: hundreds of second-graders trooping off to private psychologists, taking IQ tests to prove they're worthy of the county's advanced...
The families of six Americans kidnapped and killed in Colombia during the 1990s by the terrorist organization known as FARC are seeking damages from banana giant Chiquita Brands International because of payments the company made to the group.
The families of six Americans kidnapped and killed in Colombia during the 1990s by the terrorist organization known as FARC are seeking damages from banana giant Chiquita Brands International because of payments...
The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure.".
The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure.".
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after they tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after they tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actor Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actor Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
By SETH BORENSTEIN AND LAURAN NEERGAARD
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - Two government studies that bombarded rats and mice with cellphone radiation found a weak link to some heart tumors, but federal regulators and some scientists say don't worry - it is safe to use your device. They still do.
Previous studies of cellphone users had found little reason for concern, but the newest research took a closer look at the effects of super-high doses in animals to address some lingering questions that could not be tested on humans.
The rat study released Friday found a small increase in an unusual type of heart tumor in male rats, but there were no significant problems in female rats or in a separate study of mice. In particular, scientists could not find hard evidence for concern about brain tumors.
The lead author of the research, John Bucher of the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences, is not changing their cellphone use or advising their family to.
"I am actually holding my cellphone up to my ear," Dr. Otis Brawley, the American Cancer Society's chief medical officer, said in an interview after reading the studies.
The rodent studies do not reflect real-life cellphone use, they cautioned.
"These draft reports are bound to create a lot of concern, but in fact they won't change what I tell people. The evidence for an association between cellphones and cancer is weak. And so far, we have not seen a higher cancer risk in people. But if you're concerned about this animal data, wear an earpiece."
The findings about the rare nerve-tissue tumor discovered in the hearts of male rats do not translate directly into a concern for humans, Bucher stressed.
Bucher's agency conducted the $25 million study at the behest of the Food and Drug Administration, which quickly said cellphones are safe.
"The current safety limits for cellphones are acceptable for protecting the public health," FDA radiation health chief Dr. Jeffrey Shuren said in a statement .
Bucher said typical cellphone use is "very, very, very much lower than what we studied."
Rats and mice were bombarded for nine hours a day for up to two years with a radiation level so high that humans would only experience it briefly, such as when a phone with a weak signal expends more energy searching for a stronger one, Bucher said at a news conference.
"At best it might be a weak carcinogen. ... if in fact it is a carcinogen," they said.
Confusingly, the radiated rats somehow lived longer than comparison rats that were not exposed to cellphone radiation. Bucher said that could be just chance, or it could be that the radiation reduced inflammation in the rats, which in turn decreased the risk of a rat disease.
The toxicology program released preliminary results two years ago and finalized them Friday. The earlier report showed a hint of increased brain tumors in male rats, but the final results did not bear that out.
The new rat study found what it called "equivocal evidence" for increases in DNA damage, brain tumors and a few other cancers, but it was not clear that it was related to the cellphones.
"Evidence of DNA damage was seen in some tissues of some animals, but we don't feel we have evidence to comment on the biological significance," Bucher said.
Still, it was surprising that the rodents did experience a variety of other effects, even if they were not at high enough levels to be considered significant and possibly linked, said Leeka Kheifets, an epidemiology professor at the University of California, Los Angeles, and a former head of radiation studies for the World Health Organization.
"There is some concern that there is so much activity going on," they said, also speaking from a cellphone. But "it's not like the sky is falling, a huge effect. Definitely not."
The findings failed to reassure longtime critics of cellphone radiation, such as David Carpenter, head of environmental health at the State University of New York in Albany. Carpenter said the studies were not large enough to uncover some rare problems and that the claim of "equivocal" findings about brain tumors "cannot be dismissed."
"It's not anywhere near as dangerous as cigarettes, but is there a real hazard from excessive use? Yes," Carpenter said from a landline.
In 2011, a working group of the International Agency for Research on Cancer said cellphones are possibly carcinogenic. But numerous studies over the years, before and after that listing, have found little evidence of a problem.
Among the largest studies, a 2010 analysis in 13 countries found little or no risk of brain tumors, with a possible link in the heaviest users that the study's authors found inconclusive. And a large Danish study that linked phone bills to a cancer registry found no risk even from more than 13 years of cellphone use, according to the latest update in 2007.
In December, the state of California put out a guide on how people could reduce exposure to radiofrequency from cellphones if they're worried, such as using earphones or texting instead.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
It may have originally been conceived in good faith but as it turned out the so-called residential school system in Canada was a sociological disaster of epic proportions.
Edmund Metatawabin is a survivor of St. Anne's residential school in Fort Albany, in northern Ontario on James Bay. They and others endured harsh treatment including being forced to eat vomit, and electric shocks for breaking rules. © Colin Perkel/Canadian Press/Edmund Metatawabin collection/Algoma Universit
The system was designed to educate and integrate aboriginal children into mainstream Canadian society. What happened was that from 1831 until the last school closed as late as 1996, thousands of aboriginal children were forcibly removed from their families and often transported to distant schools where they lived, sometimes for years without seeing their families again.
Often run by religious orders with little or no government oversight, a great many of these children suffered physical, emotional, and even sexual abuse at these schools. The psychological and emotional scars had repercussions through generations of aboriginal Canadians which continue even today. The Truth and Reconciliation Commission, established to hear testimony about the residential system and make recommendations towards reconciliation, says there were over 3,000 known deaths of children, but estimates that as many as 6,000 children may have died while in these schools. The estimate is because records were not well kept and many also lost.
Cree students at their desks in a classroom with their teacher, at All Saints Indian Residential School, Lac La Ronge, Saskatchewan, March 1945. Aboriginal languages were strictly forbidden with beatings and other punishments as consequences © Library and Archives Canada, a134110; Bud Gluntz
A new, interactive educational website on this dark chapter of Canadian history has been created by The Royal Geographical Society of Canada through its Canadian Geographic Education programme produced with the support and aid of the National Centre for Truth and Reconciliation (NCTR) of the University of Manitoba.
The interactive site makes use of Google Earth Voyageur which points out on a map of Canada where each school was, with several of the locations having additional information of pictures and testimonials of the experiences of the young children at the schools and some of the abusive practices they endured.
The website explains why the schools were built, what it was like for the Indigenous children, the effects on the children and later generations, and how residential school survivors are working to move forward.
In a press release today, Ry Moran, Director of the NCTR, says, “The Google Earth's Voyageur residential school story is an extremely important tool that encourages discussion in a way that compliments the learning styles of today's students. This is exactly what we need for a tough topic like the residential school story, if reconciliation is to begin.”
Additional information – sources
Illegal immigrants attempting to avoid capture assaulted three more Rio Grande Valley Sector Border Patrol agents over the weekend. One of the incidents involved alleged drug smugglers.
Border Patrol agents responded to a tip that a group of men is smuggling large bundles across the Rio Grande River border with Mexico near the town of Roma, Texas, on Sunday. When the agents arrived, the smugglers abandoned their cargo and attempted to flee back to Mexico, according to U.S. Customs and Border Protection.
One of the agents intercepted a fleeing smuggler, officials stated. The smuggler began to fight the agent. They allegedly pushed and scratched the agent in an attempt to avoid arrest. A second agent assisted the struggling colleague and the two agents took the man into custody.
A records check on the man revealed they have previous arrests on drug charges. They also have a history of two deportations.
The other smugglers escaped, but not before the agents were able to seize the bundles, weighing a total of 150 pounds. Officials estimated the value at $120,000.
Agents working near the Rio Grande City came upon a man who crossed the border. As the agent attempted to arrest him, they became combative and struck the agent in the chest. The agent subdued the man and placed them under arrest. A background investigation revealed the man to be a Mexican national.
On Friday, an agent assigned to the Rio Grande City station came upon an illegal immigrant who attempted to enter the U.S. near Roma, officials said. As the agent attempted to take the man into custody, the illegal immigrant threw a handful of dirt in the agent's face. After regaining their vision, the agent place the man under arrest. Agents then learned the illegal immigrant is from Honduras.
These assaults come on the heals of four others in the same sector, Breitbart Texas reported. The attacks all occurred during a one-week period.
More than 300 Border Patrol agents were assaulted in the first six months of Fiscal Year 2018, officials reported. This compares to 462 during the same period in FY 2017.
Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas.  They are a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow them on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX, GAB, and Facebook.
By Meg Wingerter
Kansas was the only state where the obesity rate went up significantly in 2015, according to an annual report, and state officials are trying to figure out why and how to reverse the trend.
The state also lagged on vaccination rates and remained stuck in the middle on overall health, according to the America's Health Rankings Report, which was released Thursday.
Kansas ranked 27th in the report, which rates the 50 states on a broad range of measures, including health behaviors, access to care, state policies and residents' health outcomes. The state has hovered at 26th or 27th since 2013.
About 34 percent of Kansans, or one in three, were obese, according to the report. That echoes another annual report issued earlier this year by the Trust for America's Health and Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, which also noted that Kansas also was one of only two states whose obesity rate increased significantly between 2014 and 2015.
Missouri didn't fare much better, with 32 percent of residents classified as obese. Its obesity rate also appeared to go up, though the change was not statistically significant.
Jennifer Church, section director for community health promotion at the Kansas Department of Health and Environment, says state epidemiologists are analyzing why the obesity rate increased in Kansas when most states were holding steady and a few had decreases.
“We can't say with any certainty why Kansas is continuing to go up,” they say. “A lot of their strategies (in states where the rate decreased) look the same as what we're doing.”
Not all people who are obese develop other health problems, but extra weight does increase the risk of type 2 diabetes, heart disease, stroke, arthritis and cancers in the uterus, breast, colon, kidney, gallbladder and liver, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
The report estimated the United States spends about $190.2 billion annually on health issues related to obesity, and about 200,000 people die from related causes each year.
KDHE has provided programs to encourage better nutrition for about 20 years and offers grants for communities that want to include pedestrians and bicyclists in their master transportation plans, Church says.
This coming year, however, KDHE plans to put more emphasis on underserved communities, such as lower-income neighborhoods that can be overlooked when city officials discuss adding bike trails, they say.
“It's really clear who is disproportionately affected by obesity and tobacco,” they say.
Work remains on vaccines
Kansas also ranked in the bottom 10 states on the percentage of adolescents vaccinated against meningococcal disease and human papillomavirus, or HPV.
Missouri also was in the bottom 10 when it came to vaccinating all teens against meningococcal disease and female teens against HPV. It ranked 32nd for male teens, mostly due to extremely low rates in other states — only about one-quarter of Missouri boys age 13 to 17 had received an HPV shot.
Jennifer VandeVelde, director of KDHE's Bureau of Disease Control and Prevention, cautioned that the report doesn't reflect progress in 2015, however. For example, the HPV vaccination rate in Kansas for teen girls increased from about 38 percent in 2014 to about 51 percent last year, which wasn't captured in the rankings, they say.
KDHE and the Immunize Kansas Coalition are focusing on raising awareness that teens need the HPV and meningococcal vaccinations, as well as a booster to protect them against tetanus, pertussis and diphtheria, VandeVelde says. That includes talking with health providers about using the opportunity when they treat teens to offer vaccines, they say.
“While these rates are still not as high as we would like them to be, there is marked improvement noted in just one year, and we are confident that we will continue to see marked increases under our current strategies,” they said in an email.
Meg Wingerter is a reporter for KHI News Service in Topeka, a partner in the Heartland Health Monitor team. You can reach them on Twitter @meganhartMC
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
As voters, Californians rejected Donald Trump. As consumers, they love him.
The Conference Board, which measures consumer confidence, reports that consumers in the Golden State are more confident that they have been since 2007, before the Great Recession.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The Orange County Register notes:
The Conference Board's consumer confidence index for California rose in December to its highest level since October 2007. This was the first month the continuous polling that tracks shoppers optimism in eight big states and across the nation had fully reflected Trump's upset win in the November presidential election. Exit polling showed the economy's future was a major decision-changing topic for presidential voters across the nation. In California, where presidential votes went heavily in favor of Trump's opponent, Hillary Clinton, confidence fell for two months in advance of the election, pushing the state's optimism to a nine-month low in October. The index then rose in November and December in the largest two-month surge in nearly two years.
The Conference Board also reported a surge in consumer confidence nationwide:
The Conference Board Consumer Confidence Index®, which had increased considerably in November, posted another gain in December. The Index now stands at 113.7 (1985=100), up from 109.4 in November. … “Consumer Confidence improved further in December, due solely to increasing Expectations which hit a 13-year high (Dec. 2003, 107.4),” said Lynn Franco, Director of Economic Indicators at The Conference Board. “The post-election surge in optimism for the economy, jobs and income prospects, as well as for stock prices which reached a 13-year high, was most pronounced among older consumers. Consumers' assessment of current conditions, which declined, still suggests that economic growth continued through the final months of 2016. Looking ahead to 2017, consumers' continued optimism will depend on whether or not their expectations are realized.”
It is unclear how much of the surge is directly due to Trump's victory, as consumer confidence decreased in some states where Trump won, such as Pennsylvania and Michigan, though confidence levels in both states were still at historically high levels, the Register reports.
In addition, there may be independent reasons for Californians to feel confident. Rains, for example, may have encouraged Californians to believe the state's five-year drought is ending.
Still, the state seems to be experiencing a “Trump bump,” along with the rest of the nation, as consumers anticipate an end to the onslaught of federal regulation and a more favorable climate for entrepreneurship, economic growth and job creation.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. They were named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. Their new book, See No Evil: 19 Hard Truths the Left Can't Handle, is available from Regnery through Amazon. Follow them on Twitter at @joelpollak.
Many people with diabetes want to test their blood sugar levels regularly but don't. The reason that most of them give is that they just don't want to go through the unpleasant business of sticking their finger to draw blood. However, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has just approved a new technology that its manufacturer advertises as a breakthrough that “eliminates the need for routine fingersticks.”
The device is called the FreeStyle Libre Flash Glucose Monitoring System (FreeStyle Libre for short), and it's the creation of Abbott, a global health-care company based in Illinois. The system checks blood glucose levels through a sensor that's about the size of two stacked quarters. The user applies the waterproof sensor to the back of the upper arm. Once it's in place, the user is able to scan it with a small handheld reader. The scan is painless and takes about a second. Because the scanner can make readings through clothing, the wearer doesn't have to uncover the upper arm to get a reading.
Advertisement
The scan identifies glucose levels as high, low, or stable and provides an 8-hour history of fluctuations — in other words, the FreeStyle Libre essentially works as a continuous glucose monitor (CGM). The manufacturer says that the FreeStyle Libre is calibrated at the factory and therefore doesn't require daily calibration by the user through fingersticks, as some other CGMs do. The device is especially recommended for people being treated with insulin, because these are the ones who require the most careful and frequent monitoring.
Although it has just been approved in the United States, the FreeStyle Libre has already been used by more than 400,000 people in about 40 countries. The manufacturer says reports indicate that users test their glucose levels at an average of at least 15 times a day, a frequency that leads to better overall glucose control. Abbott expects that the device will be available at U.S. pharmacies before the end of the year. To get one, a user will need a doctor's prescription.
Want to learn more about CGMs? Read “Making More Effective Use of Your Continuous Glucose Monitor” and watch “Continuous Glucose Monitoring.”
On Monday's “Hannity” on the Fox News Channel, author and Breitbart Senior Editor-at-Large Peter Schweizer discussed their new book, “Secret Empires: How the American Political Class Hides Corruption and Enriches Family and Friends” and deals involving China and Joe Biden's son, Hunter.
Schweizer said, “[B]asically, what happens is in 2013, Joe Biden, flies to China to talk to them about very sensitive issues, the South China Sea, talking about trade issues, economic issues. Hunter Biden, their son, is with them on Air Force Two. Okay, that's fine. That's great. Here's the problem, ten days after they come back, after Joe Biden takes a pretty soft position towards the Chinese, Hunter Biden inks a — what becomes $1.5 billion deal.”
They further discussed two more deals that involved John Kerry's family, one of Kerry's aides, and Hunter Biden.
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain is aiming to secure a comprehensive free trade deal with the European Union and wants it to be signed shortly after it leaves the bloc in 2019, Brexit minister David Davis said on Sunday.
Britain's Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union David Davis (L) and European Union's chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier wait in a press room at the EC headquarters in Brussels, Belgium December 8, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman
After securing an initial agreement on Friday to move Brexit talks to a second phase, Prime Minister Theresa May is keen to start discussing future ties with the EU, and especially the type of trading agreement to try to offer greater certainty for businesses.
But despite Davis striking a confident tone, EU officials say they will only launch negotiations on a legally binding treaty after Britain leaves and becomes a “third country”, according to draft negotiating guidelines.
“It's not that complicated, it comes right back to the alignment point ... We start in full alignment, we start in complete convergence so we can work it out from there,” Davis told the BBC's Andrew Marr show.
“The thing is how we manage divergence so it doesn't undercut the access to the market,” they said, describing their preferred deal as “Canada plus plus plus”.
The EU has been considering a post-Brexit free trade deal with Britain along the lines of one agreed last year with Canada.
But the UK economy is nearly twice the size of Canada's and British officials have said that their current alignment with EU standards and much closer trading links with the continent give them scope for an even deeper relationship.
LIMITED RESPITE
May has been hailed by many in their deeply divided Conservative party for rescuing the agreement to unlock the Brexit talks by offering EU member Ireland and their allies in Northern Ireland a pledge to avoid any return of a hard border.
By playing with the wording, May agreed that if the two sides failed to agree an overall Brexit deal, the United Kingdom would keep “full alignment” with those rules of the EU's single market that help cooperation between Ireland's north and south.
Davis described the commitment as more of a “statement of intent” than a legally binding measure -- something that might reassure hardline Brexit campaigners who fear that it could imply that Britain was leaving the EU in name only.
Despite last week's progress, May will enjoy little respite. The second phase of talks is expected to expose the rifts in their top team of ministers over what Britain should look like once it leaves the EU.
On Saturday, environment minister Michael Gove, a Brexit campaigner, opened up the possibility of changing the terms of any agreement with the EU after Brexit if Britons felt that the deal had not reflected their demands to “take back control”.
“If the British people dislike the arrangement that we have negotiated with the EU, the agreement will allow a future government to diverge,” Gove wrote in a column in the Daily Telegraph.
"To date we have found no smoking guns" for what's causing oxygen toxicity in pilots flying the T-45s, Vice Adm. Paul Grosklags told Congress on Wednesday, Stars and Stripes reported.
The process of pinning down the root cause for the T-45 issue has been intensive. Teams of engineers and scientists ranging from defense contractors to NASA have spared no resources in getting to the bottom of it, Sputnik reported. Nevertheless, despite taking apart the plane's entire oxygen system piece-by-piece, “we still have not been able to find what we would consider a proximate cause,” Grosklags said.
© Photo: Public Domain US Navy Sends Jets Back Into the Air After Breathless Pilots Refuse to Fly
“We have torn some of them apart to the extent that took every component, every single component in that gas path, that breathing gas path, out of the airplane starting with the engine and moving through the entire system. Inspecting all the piping in between all the way up to the mask that the aircrews wear,” the commander added.
Hypoxia, a lack of oxygen in the blood and bodily tissues, harms the brain, liver and other organs within minutes of symptoms arising, according to WebMD.
Pilots with hypoxia are susceptible to symptoms including confusion, faster heart rate, shortness of breath and accelerated breathing while flying. The condition must be treated at a hospital.
Since 2012, the number of adverse physiological responses in airman flying the T-45s has quadrupled.
What's even more mysterious is that the problem seems to have appeared on other aerial platforms in addition to the trainers.
Lt. Gen. Jon Davis remarked June 10, “It's the same [On-Board Oxygen Generation System] box in the Harrier. It's the same OBOGS box and we don't have a problem in Harriers. So what's different? What is different in the T-45s?”
Air crews flying legacy F/A-18 Super Hornets have begun reporting oxygen system breakdowns as well, Stars and Stripes noted, while hordes of F-35s have fallen victim to the issue, too.
Several squadrons of $100 million and up F-35 Joint Strike Fighters have been grounded indefinitely over oxygen deprivation irregularities at Luke Air Force Base in Arizona. The 55 jets that won't be going up in the air anytime soon comprise about 25 percent of all F-35s defense contractor Lockheed Martin has produced to date, DefenceWeb pointed out.
For nearly two years, Mandi and Tyler Palmer, of Perrysburg, Ohio, dreamed of the day they could officially call little Hunter their son.
“Once we got licensed as foster-to-adopt parents, that week, we got the phone call for Hunter. They were 8 days old,” Mandi, 33, tells PEOPLE. “We went and picked them up at Children's Services. We brought them home and we went through the roller coaster ride of foster care for that entire year.”
After facing a few setbacks, and the uncertainty of Hunter being taken in by another family, Mandi and Tyler, 31, learned last December that they'd finally be able to adopt Hunter. So, on Dec. 18, the family-to-be dressed their best and headed to a local courthouse, where they signed the official paperwork to adopt the 17 month old.
“It was very emotional, in a good way. We had all of our family and friends there,” Mandi says. “At the end of the court process, the judge announced [Hunter's] new legal name. And they read the adoption decree and that's when Hunter looked at my husband and they said, ‘Dad!' ”
Ann-Marie Finn / Finn Photography
Ann-Marie Finn / Finn Photography
They add: “He just started clapping and everybody just started crying. It was so emotional. It's definitely rewarding. It's nice to look in their eyes now and not have to worry that he's ever gonna have to leave us again.”
Mandi and Tyler, who wed in 2014, had always dreamed of being parents. Due to complications from Mandi's Crohn's disease diagnosis, Mandi was not able to conceive.
“That's when we started looking into other options and we were talking about adoption and we kept hearing our county's commercial for the need of foster parents in our area,” Mandi tells PEOPLE.
Ann-Marie Finn / Finn Photography
“We were scared. We kind of danced around the idea for a little bit. Then we prayed on it, and we just felt like God pushed us to do it,” they add.
They and Tyler have viewed Hunter as their son since the moment they met the sweet infant, and Mandi tells PEOPLE that she's happy their family is finally complete.
Mom Creates Emotional Video for Infant Son They Placed for Adoption: ‘He'll Always Know I Loved Him'
“On adoption day, it's almost like a ton of bricks just came off our chest. We now know that he's never leaving us,” Mandi says. “He'll always be safe and loved with us. So that in itself is rewarding.”
They add: “Life just happens. We've loved them since we've gotten him. We've cared for them as if they were gonna be with us forever, because every child deserves that.”
Posted by admin on March 20, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Most people love a great vehicle.
We collect vehicles. We put vehicles in shows. We even make alternative vehicles and various transportation devices because - let's face it - vehicles are so awesome that limiting ourselves to the four-door variety just seems sad.
So, if you're thinking about buying a new mode of transportation, don't just go with a Toyota, especially when you could instead get an odd or futuristic vehicle. It doesn't matter if you want to buy something safe or have children to tote around or need something practical, because you only live once.
We're joking, of course. But, hey, if you have the money to spend or simply like to dream big, we've rounded up 19 weird and whacky personal transportation examples. A few of the ones featured in the gallery are concept vehicles in the works, but most of them are available to purchase right now.
The two-seater Aero-X bike is said to be able to transport two people at 10 feet above the ground at up to 44 mph. Carbon fibre rotors take the place of wheels, so the bike can take off vertically without the need for forward speed or a runway, and it should be as easy to ride as a motorbike, as the 356kg beast uses handlebar grips for controls. It can carry up to 140kg, should be able to run for 75 minutes before it's out of fuel, and is being built by a California-based company, which is aiming to sell the future ride for around $85,000. Anyone interested can already drop a $5,000 deposit.
The Solowheel is a gyro-stabilized electric unicycle that provides a hands-free experience. It goes up to 10 mph, weighs 24 lbs, can carry up to a 220-lb person, has a 1500-watt motor, and promises a range of up to 10 miles on a charge. The tire itself is 16 inches by 2.125 inches. Pricing starts at $1,495. An Xtreme version with over 2000-watts of power is also now available for pre-order.
The same company that does Solowheel also makes Orbitwheels. The idea is simple: two feet, two wheels…and you're off. It's described as a cross between a skateboard and pair of inline skates, and the wheels' large radii allow you to ride on a variety of different surfaces. If you don't have many for the Solowheel, consider the Orbitwheels, as they only cost $99.95 for a pair.
Cycling to work is very green, but can mean breaking a sweat. There are electric bikes out there but few that could beat a sports car to the office. The Outider USA makes one such vehicle: the modified Outrider USA 422 Alpha. It weighs just 45kg and can reach a world record speed of over 85mph. Pedaling can supplement battery-powered drive, but once at high speeds, the battery takes over. There's also the all-new 2015 Alpha, which hasn't been modified and costs $13,995. It can reach up to 40mph.
Jyrobike is a new bicycle aimed at kids that should mean they can ditch the need for stabilisers even if they've never ridden a bike before. The bike, which is fitted with an intelligent gyroscope in the front wheel, tricks the bike into believing it is going much faster than it actually is. Because of that, it is more stable than it should be, and that means that kids learning to cycle don't fall over. Charging is via a standard micro USB socket and after it has been plugged in for 2 hours you get 3 hours of ride time; more than enough juice to entertain most 5 - 8-year-olds.
Yike Bike is probably called that because, when you find yourself hurtling down the road on the back of one, you are likely to say "Yikes!" in a very Scooby-Doo voice. That's because the Yike Bike is something you will have never ridden before, a modern-day Penny-Farthing that sees you sit on a single wheel with your arms on handlebars behind you. When you're done, it all folds away to the size of a Brompton bike. It's also electric so you don't have to pedal, and the main trick to master here is balance. However, at £2,500 it's not going to be everyone's cup of tea.
General Motors started working on this personalised all-electric vehicle a few years ago. EN-V, a concept car range that was fully working, looks like something dreamed up for a live-action version of The Jetsons. The concept details drive-over kinetic recharge points, automated parking stations (which seize your car from the streets and deposit them stacked in a row) and such intelligent collision detection that it will be feasible to negate the need for a steering wheel at all (à la I Robot). There were also plans, wacky or no, to have heads up video conferencing and social networking functionality on the widescreen as you travel.
A-Bike is a telescopic folding bicycle from Sinclair. It is electric is, of course, and being funded and promoted with a Kickstarter campaign. Sinclair first introduced the folding bike in 2006, but this new version comes with a detachable 24V battery and can give you up to 25km of range. If you're interested in getting hold of an A-Bike Electric, early-bird backers can buy one for £515 ($804).
The Toyota i-Road electric vehicle concept was first shown to the public at the 2013 Geneva Motor Show, but now Toyota has unleashed it as part of an experiment in Tokyo. The i-Road can plug into a standard 100-volt Japanese electrical outlet. It's tiny car powered by a pair of electric motors that provide just 5 horsepower, while onboard battery pack holds enough juice for about 30 miles of range. It stands out for its ability to lean into corners. All the driver needs to do is turn the steering wheel, and sensors adjust the vehicle's angle to compensate. It can also self-stabilise while stationary.
There are two versions of the MP3 Yourban available, the 125cc and the 300cc, known as the LT. As this is classed as a motor tricycle, you don't need a bike licence to ride it - your standard driving licence will have you covered. Achieving recognition as a motor tricycle has led some of the design, for example, the rear protruding indicator lights and the foot brake, but otherwise your regular scooter controls work: twist and go, fully automatic, with brake levers. Riding the Yourban LT is very easy, light feathering of the brakes and smooth throttle action will get you going gently, but the 300cc engine means there is power on tap when you need to eat up those miles. It has a max speed of 70mph and will set you back £5699.
We're looking at the sexiest electric bike we've seen so far. The Hanebrink X3 model has two 20 x 8-inch wheels front and back giving a massive surface area to skip across sand and snow, and a 750-watt motor that will see it do 20mph - and that's before you start pedalling. The low, centre-mounted motor means the weight isn't stuck on the front or back wheel and ensures balance and stability in turns. The bike features 14-speed Shimano gearing and a rear rack and a standard Li-ion battery. The frame is aluminium, with carbon fibre seat post and handlebars. We want one, and we know you do too, but we suspect the $5,500 starting price for a Hanebrink might be a problem.
Luxury carmaker Lexus has created a real-life, rideable hoverboard. The project is part of an ongoing campaign at Lexus that's meant to showcase creativity and innovation within the Lexus brand. The board, called the Lexus Hoverboard, features strong magnets in order to stay in-air as well as liquid nitrogen-cooled superconductors and permanent magnets to support a rider (which explains the mist coming from the board). It also features a spindle-grille shape and is comprised of materials that include natural bamboo. The Lexus hoverboard has been in development for over 18 months by teams in both Germany and London and should begin testing in Barcelona over the coming weeks. It can currently float about an inch off the ground.
The Ryno “microcycle” is a bit of futuristic transportation vehicle. After six years of development, the company is finally ready to release its one-wheeled wonder to the world. RYNO's maximum speed is 10mph, which is roughly equal to a 6-minute mile. Depending on payload, a single charge can support up to 15 miles/16km of travel, and a standard wall outlet can charge the batteries. Pricing for the Ryno isn't clear, but if you buy one, you'll also get two RYNO SLA batteries, RYNO charger, LED headlights, the RYNO display stand.
Impossible is a good looking bike that ingeniously folds down into a case that doubles as the saddle. It started on Kickstarter and smashed its goal. Despite its size, the Impossible bike is able to support weights of up to 85kg (in the first build at least) and can travel at 12.5mph for 45 minutes, or about 15.6 miles at "normal speed" thanks to its ten 2,900mAh batteries. It uses a brushless DC motor designed and built specifically for this bike that results in a pedal-free experience. Unfolding the bike for use is a four-stage process: unlock, combine twisting out the saddle post and handlebars, pull up to height, Put and Lock as the saddle is added and the frame locks in place. An Impossible folding electric bike can be yours for $530 Canadian, which is about £300.
Boosted gives you the feeling of snowboarding, surfing, and wakeboarding, but it has electric motors, powerful brakes, and wireless control. The single $999 version can go 8 miles on a full charge, and speed is limited to 18-22 mph. It has a 1,000-watt motor, weighs 13.5lbs, and comes with standard grip tape. More powerful versions are also available for more money, of course.
It's a replica twin-seater racing car, but for the road. It costs about £10,000 (building it from a kit) or around £19,000 ready to drive away. The kit car will pass the IVA test in UK and can be registered with DVLA. It's been built using the standard Toyota 1.6 Twin Cam 4AGE engine, but a bike engine is recommended, as it brings with it a 6-speed sequential gearbox. There's also engine cradles available for the ZZR1100 & ZZR1400 Kawasaki engines. With the standard Toyota engine, you'll get around 120 to 130 mph, while the ZZR1400 engine gets around 160 mph.
Fiberglass Freaks makes replica Batmobiles officially licensed by DC Comics. With the LX, you'll get a 525hp crate engine, 4L70E GM Transmission, 3.70 Currie Rear End, and Air Ride Suspension. The car has the iconic black and red gloss finish as well as a thick fibreglass body with opening hood, doors, and trunk (electric actuators open the hood and trunk with the flip of a switch). You just need $219,999 to get one. Not bad. Not bad.
The Lightcycle is based on the vehicle from 2010's Tron: Legacy. Amazing, right? Well, it has a 96-volt electric motor and lithium-ion battery pack. And Parker Brothers quotes a top speed of "in excess of 100 mph" as well as a range of 100 miles on a single charge (with 35 minute recharge times). Unfortunately, the starting price is $55,000.
Looking like a stool, rather than a bike or a car, the idea of the uni-cub is that you control your movement in any direction by leaning that way. Riders, if you can call them that, need only to shift their body weight to move forwards or strafe left or right at a comfortable rather than hair-raising speed (it has a maximum speed of around 4mph.) Expected to be used in museums in the future so you can look at things while still sitting down.
Although we'll admit that many of the vehicles on this list are too strange to replace any every-day vehicle and are technically transportation devices, they're still worth keeping in mind should you ever want to branch out and go there.
Let us know in the comments if you've seen a vehicle that we've missed.
Ornament SKU: 180320-71066-1
UPC: 763795349913
Weight: 1.02 lbs
Condition: New
View All: Star Wars items
Product Types: Products | Memorabilia | Toys & Figures
Genres: Action | Adventure | Family | Fantasy | Science Fiction | Sequels
Studio: Hallmark | Lucasfilm
Original U.S. Release: December 18, 2015
Rating: PG-13
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
This Star Wars: Episode VII – The Force Awakens Kylo Ren ornament was created by Hallmark Collectibles. The item is carefully sculpted down to the finest details and the perfect gift for any Star Wars fan. Hang it with other ornaments based on The Force Awakens, and your holiday will truly become one with the Force.
Features
Ribbon hanger included
Package doubles as display piece
Specifications
Size: 3.2 in
Material: Polyresin
Cast: Adam Driver | Andy Serkis | Anthony Daniels | Carrie Fisher | Daisy Ridley | Domhnall Gleeson | Harrison Ford | John Boyega | Lupita Nyong'o | Mark Hamill | Max Von Sydow | Oscar Isaac | Peter Mayhew
Directors: JJ Abrams
Project Name: Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens
Characters: Kylo Ren
Related Items
Categories
Action | Adventure | Family | Fantasy | Featured | Hallmark | Lucasfilm | Memorabilia | Science Fiction | Sequels | Toys & Figures
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Amazon's artificial intelligence-powered home assistant Amazon Echo records every voice command you give to it. Here's how you can listen to and delete everything your device has recorded.
“Is Amazon Echo always listening? The short answer is yes,” declared Fox News Tech. “I'm guessing most people don't know this, but — surprise! — you can listen to every command you've ever given your Echo with the Alexa app on your smartphone or tablet.”
“When I did, I was surprised to learn that some of my recordings had nothing to do with commands,” Fox News' Kim Komando reported, explaining that “There I was talking on my phone about the old studios I was selling. Alexa also recorded portions of a presidential debate. I am not sure why my real estate call was recorded, but one of the candidates almost said the word ‘Alexa.'”
So how do you find and delete Amazon Echo's recordings?
If you'd like to review your old recordings, open the Alexa app, tap on the Settings menu and then tap on History. Given the hundreds or thousands of commands most Echo users accumulate, you'll find a huge catalog of your requests. Select the recording you'd like to review and tap the Play icon to listen to it. If it creeps you out that your requests and other things you may have said have been stored in a database, you can delete them. Here's how: * Open the Alexa app and go into Settings. * Select History and you'll see a list of all the entries. * Select an entry and tap the Delete button. But what if you want to delete all your recordings? Do you have to remove each one manually? That could take days! Amazon lets you remove everything with one click. Just visit the “Manage Your Content and Devices” at www.amazon.com/mycd. But keep in mind Amazon's warning that “deleting voice recordings may degrade your Alexa experience.”
Fox News Tech also explain in their article how you can stop Amazon Echo from listening to you altogether.
Last month, a video of Amazon Echo turning off upon being asked about its ties to the C.I.A. went viral, prompting Breitbart Tech's Lucas Nolan to test it himself.
“We asked the same questions that the woman in the original video asked, using a similar Echo Dot device to test the original video's validity,” reported Nolan in March, however it appeared the device had been updated, if the video was ever valid at all. “Upon being asked, ‘Alexa, are you connected to the CIA?' the device did not shut down as seen in the original video. Instead, it responded, ‘No, I work for Amazon.'
Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow them on Twitter @MrNashington or like their page at Facebook.
STAFF at a Sydney school have been given a lesson in the great Australian “ah stuff it, that'll do” work ethic after two power poles were installed on, instead of beside, a road.
Haberfield Public School employees say an Ausgrid worker came knocking on November 14 last year asking for a motorist to move their car parked on Denman Ave because the company wanted to install a power pole next to the school's driveway.
They discovered the owner was not from the school, but instead of waiting, staff say workers installed the power pole anyway — on the roadway within about 50cm of the staff driveway.
Another pole was put into the road on the other side of Denham Ave.
School staff say the pole near the driveway is causing a significant traffic hazard, prompting the installation of a bollard around the pole to protect cars from potential damage.
Camera Icon A power pole placed on the road instead of the footpath area in Denman Ave, Haberfield. Picture: News Corp Australia, Sam Ruttyn
Camera Icon Rather than putting the power pole near the footpath, it has instead been installed on the road. Picture: News Corp Australia, Sam Ruttyn
“There have been complaints from teachers saying they could easily damage their cars coming in and out of the staff carpark,” one staff member, who did not want to be named, said.
“There are also concerns about if other delivery vehicles or ambulances get in. I don't see why they could have just waited for the car to be moved. It would be further from the driveway.”
The school employee said they later found out the car belonged to a worker from West Connex.
The driveway pole was erected on behalf of Inner West Council, which plans to put a pedestrian crossing on Denman Avenue.
Both organisations did not comment and said they've received no complaints.
Another power pole bungle, first revealed in 2016 by The Sunday Telegraph, remains unresolved with motorists still forced to dodge power poles in the middle of Samantha Riley Drive in Kellyville , despite The Hills Shire Council promising the project would be completed in “early 2017”.
Camera Icon Staff at Haberfield Public School say the power pole is too close to the driveway. Picture: Supplied Camera Icon The Sunday Telegraph also reported a power pole bungle in Kellyville in 2016. Picture: Supplied
The road is expanding from one to two lanes each way. Endeavour Energy claims the council has not submitted compliant plans to remove the power poles,
But the council has blamed the company, saying it is “is still awaiting Endeavour Energy's approval for the removal of power poles before the final construction phase”.
“They've built a Maccas there but they can't get rid of the power poles in the middle of the road — it's ridiculous,” North Kellyville resident Joel Hanney, 31, said.
“Why can't they just sort this out so the traffic can move faster? The quicker this is finished the better.”
Authorised power pole installer Garrie Chappelow, who has been working for large electricity operators for 20 years, said it is highly irregular for poles to be on a roadway.
“I can count on one hand the amount of times I have seen it,” Mr Chappelow said.
“These poles go 3m or more underground, so there can be issues with the utilities services below that influence the location.”
Camera Icon A temporary roadworks sign concreted into the ground on Pittwater Rd at Mona Vale. Picture: News Corp Australia, Sam Ruttyn
Electrical contractors said they can understand public anger because Ausgrid and Endeavour Energy have free reign to install poles where they see fit.
Motorists have also been scratching their heads over a temporary roadworks sign which has been concreted into the ground on Pittwater Rd at Mona Vale since mid-2017.
Transport for NSW spokesperson said the sign, in front of Education Minister Rob Stoke's office, was previously located on a grassed surface.
“It will be in place for another month but due to work to construct a footpath and the size of the sign, it needed to be concreted into the pavement for safety reasons,” they said.
March 28 Lloyd Fonds AG:
* Sells a further hotel to the Motel One Group
* According to Hamburg-based investment- and assetmanager, a purchase factor of 22.2 was generated for hotel operated by Motel One Hotel in Leipzig in relation to net annual rental
* Hotel property had been acquired at time by investors of real estate fund "Hotel Leipzig Nikolaikirche" at a purchase price factor of 15.5 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) has confirmed to Kolkata Police that Indian pacer Mohammed Shami stayed in a hotel in Dubai on February 17 and 18.
BCCI's response came after a letter was sent to the Board by the Kolkata Police seeking Shami's schedule last month. The police sought the details to check if they had gone to Dubai as claimed by their wife Hasin Jahan.
Earlier in the week, Shami had pledged full co-operation from their side and their family as a Kolkata Police team arrived at their house in Uttar Pradesh's Amroha city, to continue investigations into the allegation leveled against them by theirs wife.
A Winter Haven family is accusing Wal-Mart employees of kicking their 10-year-old son out of a motorized cart, even though, they say, they needed it.
Scroll for more content...
Tiffany Ferris started their now viral Facebook post with "Wal-Mart did something very inexcusable," and ends with pictures of their son, Cameron, in tears outside of the big box store.
Ferris says their son needed the chair because of a muscular development delay which causes a lot of pain for the child in their legs.
The mother claims employees told their child on two different occasions, during the same trip, to get out of the chair despite their pleas.
Here's is the mother's accusation against the Wall-Mart on 355 Cypress Garden Boulevard in Winter Haven:
"All my friends and family, I have a big favor PLEASE READ! Wal-Mart did something very inexcusable to my BABY BOY last night. Here is theirs story...
I took my children with me to the Wal-Mart at 355 Cypress Gardens Blvd in Winter Haven Florida last night, and as many of you know my youngest son Cameron (who will be 11 this winter) has a language delay and a muscular development delay that we are still working with their Drs on. They have been in special shoes, wheelchairs at school, and there have been many nights spent rubbing their legs so they can just sleep. Well they started to have leg spasms and I had them use a motorized cart to finish our trip. I had stepped away for a minute the first time a lady (Walmart associate) approached them and told them that they couldn't be in the carts, they were trying to explain but they just continues to tell them no! My husband approached a manager (a floor manager) who apologized and said they would make sure that didn't happen again. We completed our shopping and went to check out where people were informed we HAD to self checkout because they don't check out anyone between 10 pm and 7am...???? Then another lady says loudly "Ma'am , ma'am, excuse me Ma'am is that your son?" Pointing to my youngest, and I told them "Yes." They then goes on to Loudly make a scene about them not being able to be in the cart and they can't ride it etc... I asked her, " Are we seriously going to do this again? You guys have already upset them once and yes they are, they are disabled and they need it." To which they reply " I DONT REALLY CARE ABOUT THAT, But minors can't ride our carts it's policy because it's a liability" ( Now I would like to add here that the FOR. ONE. ITS. ANSOLUTELY. NOT. WALMART. POLICY. AND. FEDERAL ADA GUIDELINES OUTLAW this exact behavior for a reason guys. The exact terms are that while a store is not necessarily made to carry motorized carts if they do, they and I quote "makes it a discriminatory practice to deny anyone full and equal accommodations in a place of public accommodation because of a physical disability. " if they do offer them, they must be offered to all folks and your "policy" doesn't trump Federal disability laws. At this point my baby is balling their eyes out because they are embarrassed. I help them to hobble out of the store after telling them I think they are ridiculous and after the General manager does NOTHING about the situation. There are laws about how we treat our citizens with disabilities for a reason. My son Did not deserve to be belittled and humiliated over something out of their control, and this "lady" needs to have some new training. My son is now terrified to go out to the store, and they are scared to death of Walmart! They should be ashamed of themselves and this needs to change!!!! This is my son sitting outside waiting on their father to finish shopping (EDITED **** By Shopping I was referring to the checkout process which is all part of shopping, I assumed everyone knew what I meant I apologize) because they wouldn't go back inside.please feel free to share."
The post has been shared more than 45-thousand times and has garnered more than 31-thousand likes. Facebook users on both sides of the case, saying Wal-Mart is trying to protect those who actually need the chairs. Others asking Wall-Mart to correct the issues.
ABC Action News has reached out to Wal-Mart for comment on this issue. They released the following statement:
"We have apologized to the family about a misunderstanding over the use of a motorized cart. We always strive to ensure our customers have positive shopping experiences, and in this case we fell short. We take this matter seriously, and the store has since addressed the issue with associates."
According to the American Disabilities Act:
"State law does not specifically require retail establishments to provide motorized carts or other mobility devices for customers with disabilities to use while shopping. But it makes it a discriminatory practice to deny anyone full and equal accommodations in a place of public accommodation because of a physical disability. Whether this could be construed as requiring retail establishments to provide motorized carts or other mobility devices for customers with disabilities to use in the establishments is a matter for the court to decide. For purposes of this law, a "public accommodation" means any establishment that caters or offers its services or facilities or goods to the general public (CGS § 46a-63)."
In February, H-E-B acquired Austin-based delivery startup Favor. During the upcoming holiday weekend, consumers can experience one of the perks of the deal. If you run out of beer at a cookout, you don't have to find a sober friend to head to the store to pick more up—according to a press release, H-E-B and Favor will deliver beer and wine in under an hour.
Users can place orders via the Favor app in more than thirty cities throughout the state with no delivery fee. (While there's no delivery charge from Favor until after Labor Day, a tip of $2 or more for the driver is required for the service.) While Favor does deliver groceries and other products from non-H-E-B stores, the beer and wine portion of its service is exclusive to the supermarket retailer, so if your favorite brand is one that H-E-B doesn't stock, prepare to make do with your second-favorite. Regardless, this ought to make the holiday weekend more convenient, and may even keep the roads marginally safer. Happy fourth, y'all.
WINLOTT Windward Islands Under-15 cricket
Saint Lucia defeated Dominica by 19 runs, despite their measly total of 63 from 30.3 overs on Monday in SVG.
Results:
St. Lucia U15's – 63 all out (30.3)
Captain Ackeem Auguste 16 runs
Jerlani Joseph 5.3-4-3
Morell Burton 5-13-3
Dominica U15's – 44 all out (28.2)
Yawani Regis 11 runs
Royce Paul 10-11-5
Amari Venner 4.2-1-2
This means that St. Lucia has won both their matches in the WINLOTT Windward Islands Under-15 cricket tournament, for which they are the defending champions.
TOKYO, April 28 Honda Motor Co forecast on Friday a 16.1 percent fall in operating profit for the current financial year as the Japanese automaker expects a stronger yen, changes to its pension plan and research and development costs will weigh on earnings even as auto sales rise.
Japan's No. 3 automaker said it expects an operating profit of 705.0 billion yen ($6.34 billion) in the year to March, lower than an average estimate of 850.8 billion yen according to 23 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S, and lower than the 840.7 billion yen posted for the year just ended.
Honda's projection is based on expectations that the yen will trade at 105 yen to the U.S. dollar in the year to March, compared with 108 yen in the year just ended. ($1 = 111.2000 yen)
(Reporting by Naomi Tajitsu; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
Zaakirah Mujid
Investigative Editor
Water damage occurred to the third floor of Birck Hall and the Jurica- Suchy Nature Museum located below on the second floor, after a small fire started in Birck Hall Lab 346.
The fire started late Saturday, April 14 inside the lab's chemical hood, according to an email from Marlene Levine to campus. The sprinklers in Birck Hall Lab 346 were activated and the hood system contained the fire from spreading according to Levine. The Fire Department was immediately called to the scene and shut off the sprinklers. No one was hurt, but it was clear that there was damage to the immediate area and its surroundings stated Michi Dubes, Safety Specialist from University Police.
“We don't know the cause of the fire, but there was significant damage from it,” said Dubes, “Water travels, and it went to surrounding offices and then it went straight down [into the museum].”
“The museum suffered extensive water damage resulting from the incident. We are very glad no one was injured”, said Karly Tumminello, Director of the Nature Museum, “We are working closely with the restoration crews, as well as the Conservation Center of Chicago to assess the damages at this time. Approximately 491 specimens were involved, and nine case displays were damaged. The museum will be closed for at least two weeks.”
The water from the sprinkler that was activated spread to surrounding areas of Birck Hall as well. The water also spread down to the second floor where the Museum is located.
“In addition to the Lab area, the following adjacent office spaces incurred water damage and are undergoing mitigation efforts by Midway Restoration Services: [Birck] 329, 330, 331, 332, 335, 336, 337, 340, 341, and 342,” continued Levine in the email to campus.
“Many faculty members have been relocated to Scholl and Lownik,” said the Acting Dean of College of Sciences Robin Rylaarsdam.
“The Marsupial case with our only kangaroo, possum, saber toothed tiger, koala… that one is being tested. Another case with the raven and fox, the sugar melted off and ran down and ruined all the other animals as well,” said witness Michael Skora, who was called to help contain the water, “It got into the light system and cases. There was 2-3 inches of water in some spots.”
In 2012, a flood occurred after an unidentified person activated a lab shower at a wash station on the third floor in Birck Hall, and the Candor reported there was close to $1 million in damage. The main part of the museum had water damage and several display cases were damaged. The ceiling tiles started falling in the museum due to pressure of the water on the tiles.
There is further maintenance needed to be done including the replacement of dry wall.
“We will continue to keep the occupants of Birck Hall informed of our efforts to re-open the lab and repair work environments,” said Marlene Levine in an email to campus. “There is no evidence of environmental contamination and the area is deemed safe.”
Jennifer Flores contributed to this article.
Galway Bay fm newsroom – A Galway TD says Government Ministers have pledged to seek additional funding from Government to improve Galway's road network and coastal flood defenses.
OPW Minister Kevin ‘Boxer' Moran was in the city yesterday, where they announced 9 million euro in funding for flood defence works across Galway City.
However, they also attended a meeting at County Hall with Transport Minister Shane Ross, and Galway West Independent Deputy Noel Grealish.
They received a presentation outlining the severe damage caused to Galway's coastline and road network following several recent storms.
Transport Minister Ross was also briefed on the current poor state of Galway's road network and the urgent need for additional funds.
€23 million was recently allocated to the County Council for the road network – however, many believe that figure falls far short of what is needed.
Deputy Grealish says both Ministers pledged they would seek additional funding from their respective departments.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo. - Organizers in the metro continued to get set on Monday for the first total solar eclipse in the area in over 200 years.
Next week, people in St. Joseph will have one of the best views across the country of the occurrence.
The last time the metro area saw a total solar eclipse was in 1806. Back then, historian Sarah Elder said the area was much different.
"It was just wide open. There wasn't anybody out here. No settlements at all," they explained. "It's just prairie grass, buffalo roaming, a lot of vegetation and a lot of animals."
Elder told 41 Action News the eclipse occurred before Kansas City and the state of Missouri were even around.
The Lewis and Clark Expedition may have also missed the experience, since the group was around the Idaho area at the time.
"Interestingly enough, they don't mention the partial eclipse in their journals," they explained. "They were not in the path of totality."
Over 200 years later, the metro will be ready next Monday.
Thousands of people are expected to head to St. Joseph to witness the event.
A week before the experience, the St. Joseph Museum continued to put final preparations in place.
"For our event, I've got people coming from New York City and Hollywood, California," explained staff member Kathy Reno, who said almost every state would be represented in the area next Monday.
Reno said the facility started planning for the event around a year and a half ago with lots of focus on parking, concessions, emergency planning and exhibits.
"You think of everything that might come up," they explained. "Then you try and think of the things that you haven't thought of."
With the metro getting one of the best views next week, Elder said people should find the time to experience the moment of the total solar eclipse.
"It truly is a once in a lifetime experience," they explained. "Even for children who are 8- or 9-years-old, this is their chance to see something totally phenomenal that they may never see again in their lives."
Your pets will feel the love on Sunday, Feb. 11th at Paws in the Park, our FREE family friendly event!
On site: Pet Psychic, Celebrity Dog Wash, Pet Photo Booth, Two Doggie Lure Racetracks, Splash Dogs Dock Jumping Pool, and family fun zone for the kids!
Maybe add a new member to the family in our Take Me Home Adoption Zone.
MORE
Feb. 3 (UPI) -- Max Gail, who is best known for playing Detective Stan "Wojo" Wojciehowicz on the cop comedy Barney Miller, has been tapped to play Sonny's father on the ABC soap opera General Hospital.
TVLine reported Gail is replacing actor Ron Hale, who played the role of Mike Corbin on the show from 1995 to 2010.
Gail's first episode as Mike is expected to air Monday.
Mike and their son, gangster Sonny Corinthos, played by Maurice Benard, have had a complicated relationship for decades. Sonny is frequently called upon to bail compulsive gambler Mike out of trouble after years of estrangement.
"Sometimes an actor comes on a show and changes dynamic. That's @MaxGail," Benard tweeted.
2017 Lake Life is Grand Quilt Show - July 21st from 9-5 & July 22nd from 9-4.
Theme: "Lake Life is Grand".
Sponsored in part by the Grove Convention & Tourism Bureau.
Facts about the Grand Lake O' the Cherokees Quilt Guild
The Guild was established in 1976. This is an organization to bring quilters together to share, enjoy, teach and learn the art of quilting. The Guild logo is the "Sailboat". The Guild is an organization whose main purpose is to promote the art of quilt making. Classes and programs in all aspects of quilt making are offered. The Guild further contributes generously to a variety of charitable projects in our area.
Several years ago, the Guild adopted the "ConKerr Cancer Miles of Pillowcase Smiles" project, which donates brightly colored all cotton pillowcases to children as they are admitted into the children's hospitals in Tulsa and Oklahoma City for either cancer treatments or other life changing illnesses. To these children, the pillowcase is the only bright thing in a room full of sterile, scary machines. The case is theirs to take home with them. GLOC Quilt Guild has made over 25,000 cases. The Guild donated cases to the students of Sandy Hook Elementary School after that tragedy, and they also donated cases to the students of Moore, after that school was struck by a tornado. The Guild also has given cases to the Gatesway Foundation in Broken Arrow.
Guild members have made "Dignified Removal" quilts that have been given to Veterans' centers in Claremore and Norman for the removal of the remains when a veteran passes away. Former Gov. George Nigh was present at the presentation of a Dignified Removal quilt in Norman, OK, which was named in their honor. Eventually the Guild will give a Dignified Removal quilt to all State Veteran's Centers in Oklahoma.
Guild members make lap quilts for hospice patients and nursing homes. They make baby quilts and baby bibs for DHS. They have donated twin sized quilts to Manna House in Tulsa and 40 quilts were donated to the foster children programs in Delaware County. They sent quilts to Joplin after the tornado. They donated 150 hand made Christmas stockings for Abundant Blessings to give to their clients
The Guild meets at 10 a.m. the first Friday of the month in the Grove Community Center (City Hall). There is a short business meeting, a program, and either snacks or pot luck luncheon.
Polar bears are starving and could face extinction faster than previously thought, according to a new study.
Scroll for more content...
Published Thursday in the journal Science, the study was conducted by researchers who fixed collars on nine bears and recorded their activity levels for up to 11 days. They found that the Arctic creatures were suffering an extreme shortage of food.
As a result of climate change, the sea ice in the Arctic is melting and forcing the bears to travel further and use more energy to catch their prey.
The three-year study conducted by the US Geological Survey and University of California, Santa Cruz, found that the Arctic predators are moving 1.6 times more than previous studies have reported. That increased movement in the search for food leaves them shorter on the calories they need.
"The purpose was to get a better understanding of what the changes in sea levels are and how they are impacting the polar bears," Anthony Pagano, a lead researcher in the study, told CNN.
"We wanted to understand what the basic mechanisms were, what the polar bears were doing on the ice and what their energy needs are."
The study found that for one polar bear to sustain its energy level it would require an intake of 12,325 calories a day, usually one adult ringed seal every 10 days.
Over the course of the study, four of the nine seals did not reach that calorie level and lost a combined mass of 20 kilograms (44 pounds), which "reinforced the famine lifestyle the polar bears have," Pagano said.
According to the World Wildlife Fund, polar bears spend more than 50% of their time hunting and are successful less than 2% of that time.
"I'm not surprised to have seen this," said Liz Greengrass, a director at UK animal conservation charity Born Free Foundation. "Polar bears are reliant on seals for food and seals rely on sea ice. Global warming is melting the ice so it has a chain reaction on how polar bears can survive."
Polar bears have been listed as endangered species by the US Fish and Wildlife Service, and the protection program repeatedly emphasizes the importance of climate change.
"Without decisive action to address Arctic warming, the long-term fate of this species is uncertain," Greg Siekaniec, Alaska regional director of the wildlife agency, told CNN last year.
Arctic sea ice in December was at its second-lowest level since 1979, according to the National Snow & Ice Data Center.
USGS researchers' most recent estimate of the polar bear population indicates their numbers have declined by 40% over the past decade, but a common problem for researchers is that it has been difficult to study polar bear behavior in these harsh environments, Pagano said in a statement.
"We now have the technology to learn how they are moving on the ice, their activity patterns and their energy needs, so we can better understand the implications of these changes we are seeing in the sea ice," they said.
The Nuclear Posture Review (NPR) of the United States shows the country's increasing reliance on nuclear weapons, Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif said, stressing that such an approach would bring humanity closer to destruction.
"The US Nuclear Posture Review reflects greater reliance on nukes in violation of the NPT [Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons], bringing humankind closer to annihilation. No wonder the Doomsday Clock is at its most dangerous since 1953," Zarif wrote on Twitter.
© AFP 2018/ BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI US New NPR: Foreign Threats Justify Arms Spending Hike - Russian Ambassador
The Iranian minister also criticized Washington's approach to the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) by saying that the "obduracy" of US President Donald Trump in "killing" the agreement comes from the same "dangerous imprudence."
The NPR, published on Friday, claims that a stronger US nuclear deterrent is needed to discourage Russia, China, Iran and North Korea from either developing new weapons or expanding existing arsenals.
Moreover, the doctrine envisages short-term plans to modify existing submarine-launched ballistic missile (SLBM) warheads to provide a low-yield option and pursue a modern nuclear-armed sea-launched cruise missile (SLCM) in the long run.
The NPR notes that these activities are not intended at being employed in a nuclear warfare, however, they are aimed at raising the US nuclear threshold to ensure that the country's potential adversaries perceive no possible advantage in nuclear escalation.
Texas A&M Researcher Receives Conservation Award from DAR
Dr. Craig Wilson, a researcher at Texas A&M, was honored with the National Conservation Award from the Daughters of the American Revolution for their efforts to promote pollinator gardens and educate the community about monarch butterflies and other species.
Wilson's conservation efforts have made a difference in our local community, across the state, and around the world.
The USDA People's Garden, outside their office on Holleman Drive, serves as a Monarch Waystation and teaching tool.
“There are about 30 species of milkweed that grow in Texas and 100 throughout the United States and milkweeds are critical because it is the only plant that the female monarch will lay their eggs for their caterpillars to feed on,” said Wilson.
Wilson also played a big role in promoting the Mayor's Monarch Challenge in Bryan and College Station, which is a national movement to create a milkweed corridor along I-35 from Texas to the Midwest.
“They have taken the pledge to make both cities monarch friendly by planting milkweed in local parks and educating the local populous,” said Wilson.
According a news release from the DAR, “Dr. Wilson does so much more that their work related responsibilities in their voluntary conservation efforts. They educate about issues and promotes and encourages good flight attendantship practices that benefit the environment, our health, and our future.”
Click below to hear Dr. Craig Wilson visiting with WTAW's Chelsea Reber.
CraigWilson04121
Market Highlights:
The term transparent caching refers to storing objects in a group for quick access. When a user demands the content, the content is delivered from the nearest cache instead of being directed from the origin or source of the content. By deploying cache technique, content delivery takes less time and helps in obtaining high speed at user's end. In addition to websites, transparent caching is being deployed in mainstream computing and also in operating systems. Microsoft Corporation launched the first operating system integrated with transparent caching which benefits in accessing the files remotely thereby reducing the retrieval time from the server.
A robust transparent caching system is capable of configuring the amount of disk space which is being utilized by cache and blocking particular types of video files from being cached with respect to file size or format of the file. The deployment of transparent cache in the middle of network core rather than at edge network benefits in delivering files to be offloaded to a dedicated media server for subsequent conversion to adaptive bitrates for adaptive delivery.
Get Sample Report @
https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5995
Transparent caching is capable of providing more control over the deployed network. It helps the service providers to control the type of content to be cached and to determine how fast the content needs to be accelerated. Transparent caching is capable of navigating the complex web services and protocols automatically.
The market growth in the global transparent caching market is predominantly influenced by the rise in adoption of the internet, demand for improved network bandwidth, and reducing capital expenditures. Furthermore, the increasing demand for quality of experience (QoE) among end-users is fuelling the market growth. However, lack of security issues among delivery providers are expected to hamper the growth.
Major Key Players:
Some of the key players in the global Transparent Caching Market are Cisco Systems, Inc. (U.S.), Ericsson AB (Sweden), Google Inc.(U.S.), Qwilt (U.S.), Symantec Corporation (U.S.), Nokia Corporation (Finland), Ara Networks (South Korea), SuperLumin Networks LLC (U.S.), Kollective Technology, Inc. (U.S.), Fortinet, Inc. (U.S.), Akamai Technologies, Inc. (U.S.), Brocade Communications System, Inc. (U.S.).
Some of the key innovators are Level 3 Communications, LLC (U.S.), Citrix Systems, Inc. (U.S.), Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd (China), MARA Systems GmbH (Germany), NTT Communications (Japan), PacNet Services (Canada), SwiftServe (Singapore), Alcatel-Lucent Enterprise (France), Allot Communications (Israel) and many others.
Segmentation:
The global transparent caching market is segmented into type, component, solution, end-users, and region. On the basis of type, the segment is further classified into transparent video caching & transparent non-video caching. On the basis of component, the segment is further classified into hardware, software, and services. The hardware consists of converged server and switches. The services can be further classified into professional and managed services. On the basis of solution, the segment is further classified into cloud security, media delivery, and web performance optimization. On the basis of end-users, the segment is further classified into telecom operators, internet service providers, government organizations, DTH providers and others.
Get Complete Report @
https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/transparent-caching-market-5995
Regional Analysis:
The global transparent caching market is studied for North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and rest of the world. North America is estimated to hold major market share through the forecast period. The presence of major key players in the region and need for improved bandwidth among enterprises are primarily driving the market in this region. Asia Pacific is expected to show high growth rate during the forecast period. Rising awareness of transparent caching in the developing countries and need for reducing infrastructure costs are primarily driving the market in this region.
Intended Audience:
Government agencies
solutions/services vendors
Internet service providers
Software Developers
Telecom operators
DTH service providers
Software Developers
Testing Firms
Table of Contents
1 Executive Summary
2 The Scope of the Report
2.1 Market Definition
2.2 Scope of the Study
2.2.1 Research Objectives
2.2.2 Assumptions & Limitations
2.3 Markets Structure
3 Market Research Methodology
3.1 Research Process
3.2 Secondary Research
3.3 Primary Research
3.4 Forecast Model
Continued…
List of Tables
Table 1 Global Transparent Caching Market: By Region, 2017-2023
Table 2 North America Transparent Caching Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table 3 Europe Transparent Caching Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table 4 Asia Pacific Transparent Caching Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Table 5 the Middle East & Africa Transparent Caching Market: By Country, 2017-2023
Continued…
List of Figures
Figure 1 Global Transparent Caching Market Segmentation
Figure 2 Forecast Methodology
Figure 3 Porter's Five Forces Analysis of Global Transparent Caching Market
Figure 4 Value Chain of Global Transparent Caching Market
Figure 5 Share of Global Transparent Caching Market In 2017, By Country (In %)
Continued…
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Solutions, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
NEW ZEALAND CAPTAIN Kieran Read will make their long-awaited comeback for the Crusaders after back surgery when the Crusaders meet the Highlanders in Christchurch on Friday.
While Read starts in the number eight jersey, Wyatt Crockett's appearance off the bench will overshadow the national skipper as the prop will make their 200th Super Rugby appearance with the ground renamed in their honour for the occasion.
Read took the field last weekend for a Counties Manukau pre-season match, but having been been sidelined since going under the knife in December to free nerve pressure from a disc bulge, the Highlanders match will be a tough test for the back row.
Read's return is an added boost for a Crusaders side who comfortably lead the overall standings with the knockout rounds to begin later this month. New Zealand will begin their Rugby Championship campaign away to Australia in August and their November tour will feature a hotly anticipated Test against Ireland on 17 November.
Sam Whitelock, who took the ‘armband' for New Zealand's series sweep against France, returns to the Crusaders pack and will captain the home side.
O'Gara with head coach Scott Robertson. Source: Photosport/John Davidson/INPHO
Scott Robertson has recalled eight players who were on duty for the world champions against Les Bleus, including the likes of Joe Moody, Scott Barrett and Owen Franks.
For the Highlanders, Liam Squire could return from a shoulder injury sustained in the second match against France, but Elliot Dixon will feature in their place should to blindside fail a late fitness test.
To all those who need motivation to exercise during the lazy winter months, get your act together! If two girls from a far flung town in Siberia can do yoga, almost naked, during temperatures far below zero, anything is possible.
Tynda is a town in Amur Oblast, Russia, known for an important railway junction, informally referred to as the capital of the Baikal-Amur Mainline (BAM). The town has a subarctic climate with severely cold winters. However, this has not stopped two yoga enthusiasts from enjoying yoga outdoors.
Julia and Ekaterina aim to make yoga popular in Tynda and to do so, they wanted to show their town what yoga is all about.
"Yoga is not so developed and popular here in Tynda. We thought about how to change attitudes towards yoga, and decided that we needed ‘strong' photos that would attract attention, "Julia told the Siberian Times.
According to the yogis, Tynda doesn't have many stunning architectural buildings, but the area has beautiful nature and severe frost, which the girls decided to use to their advantage.
Julia and Ekaterina are seen in pictures wearing sports uniforms such as tops, leggings and sneakers. That is not enough to keep them warm in a town where temperatures can drop below —40 degrees.
A post shared by Эта девушка 💃 🤸 (@lapik94) on Jan 27, 2018 at 2:24am PST
A post shared by Эта девушка 💃 🤸 (@lapik94) on Jan 23, 2018 at 12:46am PST
A post shared by Эта девушка 💃 🤸 (@lapik94) on Jan 14, 2018 at 9:01pm PST
However, the girls make a proper plan before their photoshoot and they have a car parked nearby in which they warm up between photos to avoid frostbite.
A post shared by Эта девушка 💃 🤸 (@lapik94) on Jan 24, 2018 at 10:36pm PST
A post shared by Эта девушка 💃 🤸 (@lapik94) on Jan 30, 2018 at 6:13pm PST
According to the girls, many years of doing yoga has helped them bear the extremely cold weather.
BERLIN, April 10 The International Monetary Fund sees a more favourable outlook for the global economy this year and next than in 2016, but it has concerns beyond the near-term, IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde said on Monday.
"I have also identified two key concerns that we at the IMF have: one is persistent low productivity and second excessive inequalities that grow together with that low productivity," they said after meeting the chiefs of other leading global economic organisations and German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin.
(Reporting by Gernot Heller; Writing by Paul Carrel; editing by Erik Kirschbaum)
Kudos & Kicks (Photo: File)
Kudos
There were plenty of kudos to go around this week when the Marco Island City Council met for the first time since Hurricane Irma made landfall there Sept. 10.
Notably, the city manager position is vacant so it was interim City Manager Gil Polanco, the finance director by trade, who earned accolades for leading staff.
“I've never been prouder in my life to be part of an organization,” Polanco said, in turn praising staff.
Polanco also thanked each council member for extra assistance, including Victor Rios, who provided rooms to displaced city workers, and Charlette Roman, who handed out informational flyers to people when communication systems were down.
City parks and recreation staff created “The Hurricane Café” to feed throngs working on storm response, assisted by the Family Church of Marco Island. Police Chief Al Schettino noted Marco Island Academy charter school donated its frozen food to help feed the workforce.
The Jupiter Police Department from Florida's east coast sent 21 officers and the Florida Highway Patrol dispatched five per day to assist Marco police, Schettino said.
Among those praised was former Marco Fire-Rescue Department Deputy Chief Chris Byrne, who came out of retirement to help an agency they first joined in 1983. They served during and after the storm as safety officer, then helping direct the recovery effort.
Fire-Rescue Chief Mike Murphy praised city staff members who all “exemplified devotion to city and service” and said it was “people knowing people” that enabled the island to get through the storm.
That's not to mention the 96 to 120 hours straight that they noted some staffers were available for duty.
“It would be impossible to overstate the gratitude the citizens of Marco Island have for staff,” Councilman Howard Reed said.
Kudos
A casual contact can pay off later in a big way never imagined.
In August, a contact made through the consulate of Taiwan due to a business tie to Collier raised awareness of the county. That became a tremendous relief effort post-Irma in Everglades City, Immokalee and the lower-income areas around Naples.
The Tzu Chi Foundation, an international humanitarian organization that spreads the love of Buddhism, was assisting Hurricane Harvey victims in Houston when word came that Collier was devastated by Irma.
Working through Collier Commission Chairwoman Penny Taylor's office, the foundation provided dozens of volunteers – assisted by local Redlands Christian Migrant Association and Pickleball For All organizations – to coordinate an amazing initiative last weekend that provided some $256,600 of aid to 2,100 residents in nearly 600 Collier households in low-income, Irma-stricken areas of Immokalee and Everglades City.
This weekend, Tzu Chi is expected to provide another $100,000 assistance to about 325 households in a Naples apartment complex and East Naples mobile home community.
For recipients, the assistance comes in the form of a debit card typically ranging from $400 to $800 each for individually screened folks providing proof of Collier residency. The debit cards can't be used for alcohol, cigarettes or the like but rather food, rent or other necessities.
Taylor credited local organizations and individuals who knew right away where to find the low-income, storm-affected folks in need of help.
Appreciation is also due to the Taipei Economic and Cultural Office in Miami which represents the Republic of China (Taiwan) in Florida. It connected Taylor's office with the Tzu Chi Foundation.
Kick
As Southwest Floridians were counting up uninsured losses, there was a sense of disaster relief that Congress and President Donald Trump provided victims of hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria the ability to deduct more storm losses from federal income taxes.
But then came word that such help might not be afforded in the future under the tax reform plan under consideration.
Charitable and home mortgage interest deductions could remain. But those economic losses from hurricanes, floods and fires could be eliminated – our region has experienced each disaster this year.
A tax deduction means a loss of federal revenue, but we'd hope for compassion for victims when the tax code is revamped.
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/opinion/editorials/2017/10/06/kudos-kicks-reviewing-good-bad-and-questionable/739185001/
Last week, Donald Trump recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital, sparking strong criticism from Muslim countries and forcing Turkey as the current chair of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation to call for an emergency meeting on December 13.
The United States "has become a partner in bloodshed" due to US President Donald Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital, Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan has stated.
"The statement by President Trump does not bind us, nor does it bind Jerusalem," Erdoğan said at an event held in Ankara.
Previously, the Turkish president lashed out at Tel Aviv, slamming Israel as "a terrorist state" and emphasizing that Ankara "will not abandon Jerusalem to the mercy of a state that kills children."
READ MORE: Erdoğan Calls Israel 'Terrorist State' That 'Kills Children', Bibi Strikes Back
The statement comes after US President Donald Trump announced last week their decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, saying the initiative was a "recognition of reality" and marked "the beginning of a new approach" to the conflict between Israel and Palestine. The move ended Washington's longtime neutrality on the status of Jerusalem, one of the thorniest issues in the conflict.
A few hours after Trump's declaration regarding Jerusalem, Erdoğan, as the current chairperson of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation (OIC), called for an emergency meeting on December 13 to convene in Istanbul.
On the eve of Trump's announcement, Erdoğan called Jerusalem the "red line for Muslims," explaining that the US decision on the disputed area would be "a heavy blow for all humankind."
Trump's decision contradicts international law, Erdoğan said earlier, adding that "being strong does not mean being right."
WTVR CBS 6 is giving away family four-packs of tickets to the solar eclipse viewing party at the Science Museum of Virginia from noon to 4 p.m. on Monday, Aug. 21.
Winners will also receive eclipse t-shirts and special sunglasses to safely view the eclipse.
Click here to comment on the WTVR CBS 6 Facebook page for your chance to win. [Click here to purchase tickets.]
Here's a description of the event from our friends at the Science Museum of Virginia:
Grab a seat in the Dome for special eclipsed-themed Cosmic Expeditions and have fun with sun, moon and star themed activities both inside and outside: Create Earth, moon and sun models that explain how an eclipse works
Construct a cool mobile of the Earth, moon and sun
Help us build a scale model of the solar system using astronomical measuring tape
Design a sundial, a star map to identify constellations, or a star clock to tell time by the stars
Create a fun summer image with sun print paper Local food trucks Cheezilla, King of Pops and Intergalactic Tacos will be onsite and we'll have tasty eclipsed-themed craft beers available for purchase in the Periodic Table Café.
We'll announce the randomly selected winners all this week on CBS 6 News This Morning, on the WTVR CBS 6 Facebook page and WTVR.com.
Here are our randomly selected winners:
WINNER 1 — ????
WINNER 2 — ????
WINNER 3 — ????
WINNER 4 — ????
WINNER 5 — ????
Per Facebook rules, we must mention this is in no way sponsored, administered, or associated with Facebook, Inc. By entering, entrants confirm they are 18+ years of age, release Facebook of responsibility, and agree to Facebook's terms of use. Must reside in the Richmond/Petersburg Designated Market Area (“DMA”) as defined by The Nielsen Company.
The double points round of the 24 Hours of Le Mans was not kind to the Aston Martin Racing team last year. Pedro Lamy, Paul Dalla Lana and Mathias Lauda were not classified for the 2016 24 Hours of Le Mans, which had a big effect on their chances to win the Endurance Trophy for LMGTE Am Drivers. But the Aston Martin is looking comfortably competitive this season, already having gotten a win and a second place to have them leading the LM GTE Am class.
Eleven cars have joined the Am class for this event, meaning that more of the competitors are not part of the World Endurance Championship at this event. Half of the Am field is made up of Ferrari 488 GTEs, the most dominant manufacturer in the class for the 85th running of the 24 Hours of Le Mans.
Ferrari was the car to beat last year at Le Mans as they took a one-two at the chequered flag with the #62 Scuderia Corsa finishing ahead of the #83 AF Corse. It was a tight race in the class last year, where Porsche took the final step of the podium with the #77 Abu Dhabi Racing Porsche in front of #61 Clearwater Racing Ferrari.
Three manufacturers appear in the top three of the Endurance Trophy for LMGTE Am Drivers Championship, reminding that the Am class is very close in the WEC this season. Aston Martin lead the way with the #98, but the bold move that got the #60 Clearwater Racing Ferrari the victory at the 6 Hours of Silverstone has kept the team in a close fight for the lead of the championship. #77 Dempsey-Proton Racing sits third in the championship after finishing the first two rounds on the podium.
The championship battle in LM GTE Am is close, with only 17 points covering the top three. If any of the cars have a difficult race this weekend it could completely take them out of contention for the Am championship. With Le Mans being a double-points scoring round, it is one of the most important races, for all classes, in terms of championship points for the WEC. The result of the 24 Hours of Le Mans could determine who will be in contention for the championship at the end of the year.
Cell biologists have deepened understanding of proteins associated with neurodegenerative diseases. The findings could open up new treatment approaches for disorders including Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), among others.
Researchers in Japan have gained valuable insights into 'stress granules' -- clumps of RNAs and proteins that form when cells are stressed by factors such as heat, toxins and viruses.
As stress granules are linked to a range of neurodegenerative diseases, understanding how they form, and how they can be reduced, is of great interest to the medical world.
Published in the Journal of Cell Science, their study reveals the important role of two enzymes in disassembling stress granules.
These two enzymes, named USP5 and USP13, belong to a group of nearly 100 known deubiquitylases, which are thought to work by cutting ubiquitin chains[1] inside stress granules.
The study is the culmination of over five years of work by the team, including Masayuki Komada, Toshiaki Fukushima and Shunsuke Matsumoto of Tokyo Institute of Technology (Tokyo Tech). First author Xuan Xie, a PhD student at the laboratory led by Komada, has described how they arrived at their 'eureka' moment in an interview with the journal's First Person series.
As a first step, the researchers demonstrated that USP5 and USP13 are preferentially recruited to heat-induced stress granules.
"We found that heat-induced stress granules contain ubiquitin chains, much more so than in stress granules induced by other stressors," explains Fukushima. "This implied that ubiquitin chains may recruit USP5 and USP13 to stress granules."
Importantly, as ubiquitin chains are often found in stress granules in neurodegenerative diseases, the heat-induced stress granules provided a good model for further investigation.
Next, the team compared what happens to heat-shocked cells with and without the two enzymes. The cells were exposed to a temperature of 44°C for one hour, and returned to 37°C for one hour. During the recovery period, in cells lacking USP5 and USP13, the team found that the disassembly of stress granules was delayed.
Specifically, in cells containing USP5 and USP13, the percentage of cells with stress granules fell to 14%, whereas this figure was 60% or more in cells without the two enzymes.
The findings suggest that the presence of USP5 and USP13 is critical to the disassembly of stress granules.
Although the exact mechanisms have yet to be determined, the researchers propose that USP5 hydrolyzes or "cuts" unanchored ubiquitin chains, while USP13 cuts protein-conjugated[2] ubiquitin chains.
"We concluded that both reactions are required for the efficient destabilization of stress granules," says Fukushima.
The study may lead to the development of "artificial deubiquitinating enzymes", which could have a profound impact on future medical treatments.
Developing such innovative enzymes that "possess high activity and show specific localization to stress granules" is a feat that could be achieved in five years, Fukushima adds.
###
Technical terms
[1] Ubiquitin chains: Chains of small regulatory proteins called ubiquitin that are found everywhere in eukaryotic cells.
[2] Protein-conjugated: Refers to the way that some ubiquitin chains are bound to proteins, as opposed to being unanchored, within the stress granules. One of the next goals of the team is to identify these target proteins.
Hundreds of Palestinians in Israeli jails began a hunger strike on Monday in response to a call by prominent prisoner Marwan Barghouti, widely seen as a possible future Palestinian president.
Palestinians termed the open-ended strike a protest against poor conditions and an Israeli policy of detention without trial that has been applied against thousands since the 1980s.
Israel said the move by the prisoners, many of whom were convicted of attacks or planning attacks against Israel, was politically motivated.
The protest was led by Barghouti, 58, a leader of the mainstream Fatah movement of the Palestine Liberation Organization, serving five life terms after being convicted of murder in the killing of Israelis in a 2000-2005 uprising.
The strike, if sustained, could present a challenge to Israel and raise tensions between the two sides as the 50th anniversary of the Israeli occupation of the West Bank, East Jerusalem and the Gaza Strip approaches in June.
Israeli troops and settlers pulled out of the Gaza Strip, now run by Hamas Islamists, in 2005, but peace talks on the creation of a Palestinian state collapsed with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in 2014.
In an opinion piece in the New York Times on Monday, Barghouti said a strike was the only way to gain concessions after other options had failed.
“Through our hunger strike, we seek an end to these abuses … Palestinian prisoners and detainees have suffered from torture, inhumane and degrading treatment and medical negligence. Some have been killed while in detention,” they wrote.
FIELD HOSPITAL
Israel denies Palestinian inmates are mistreated and Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan said the Barghouti-led protest was “prompted by internal Palestinian politics and therefore includes unreasonable demands”.
Palestinian officials said some 1,500 inmates affiliated with all political factions including rival Fatah and Hamas were taking part in the protest. An Israel Prisons Service spokesperson said some 1,100 inmates at eight jails had joined the strike.
Almost 6,500 Palestinians are being held in 22 Israeli prisons, said Qadoura Fares, head of the Palestinian Prisoners' Club that advocates on behalf of the inmates.
The Prisoners' Club said a main demand was for Israel to halt detention without trial for some 500 Palestinians currently being held, and for an end to solitary confinement.
The strikers also want better medical treatment and that disabled inmates or those suffering chronic illness be freed, access to more television channels and more phone contact with relatives and more family visits.
The strike prompted a large rally in Gaza and a protest broke out near the occupied West Bank town of Bethlehem where Palestinian demonstrators clashed with Israeli forces.
Palestinians consider brethren held in Israeli jails as national heroes. Long-term mass hunger strikes by Palestinian prisoners are rare, but in past cases of individual inmates who stopped eating for weeks, detention terms were shortened or not renewed after they were hospitalised in critical condition.
Erdan said a field hospital would be erected next to one prison – an apparent move to pre-empt transfers to civilian medical facilities, which could draw wider media attention.
Abbas, 82, said in a statement that efforts would continue to secure prisoners' freedom. They condemned what they called Israel's intransigence in the face of “fair” prisoner demands.
On April 22 at approximately 6:50 p.m., officers from the Great Bend Police Department were dispatched to the Great Bend Hotel, 3017 10th Street, in reference to a burglary.
Upon Officers arrival, they were advised by a security guard there was possibly a subject inside the building stealing items. Officers surrounded and searched the building, and located a subject hiding in the walls of the building.
The subject was placed under arrest and transported to the Barton County Jail.
The case has been submitted to the Barton County Attorney's office for formal filing of criminal charges.
Any information regarding this case or any criminal matter please contact the Great Bend Police Department, 620-793-4120 or Crimestoppers at 620-792-1300.
© AP Photo/ Andrew Harnik Trump Order Calls for Stricter Enforcement of ‘Buy, Hire American' Policies
–
Kristian RouzWith the current US economic cycle approaching its end, the pace of GDP growth is gradually slowing, and expectations of a structural recession are strengthening among market participants. For one, bond market dynamics have recently suggested the rising prevalence of pessimistic sentiment, as, in terms of the economy and foreign trade, the US is still mostly finding itself in the Obama-era reality of excessive regulation and an overtaxed private sector.
Meanwhile, the possibly game-changing plan to increase infrastructure spending and cut taxes, outlined by the Trump administration, has already taken a while to put together. Moreover, the recent commentary from Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin suggests further delays, motivated by the political discord in Washington.
This means the previous expectations that the fiscal stimulus package will kick in in early 2018 are dissipating gradually, and the US economy is likely to move well into the next year under the currently fading momentum of the weak post-Great Recession recovery.
Treasury Secretary Mnuchin said that the tax reform proposal, currently in the works in the White House, might face complications getting through Congress. They cited the recent healthcare reform obstruction as a blueprint for the Washington decision-making mechanics when it comes to the ambitious reformist goals of the Trump administration.
The initial plans, Mnuchin said, to get the tax reform package through Congressional approvals by August 2017 are “not realistic at this point.”
"It is fair to say it is probably delayed a bit because of the healthcare," Mnuchin said in their interview with the Financial Times.
At the same time, the US economy requires more urgent measures to prevent a cyclical recession. An average economic cycle lasts roughly 10 years, and with the last US economic contraction having commenced with the mortgage crash of 2007, the chances of a new recession are currently heightened. Additionally, US GDP growth is slowing to below 1pc year-on-year, according to Fed projections – after the roughly 1-percent growth throughout 2016, as Trump themselves repeatedly pointed out on their electoral campaigning trail that year.
“The forecast for first-quarter real GDP growth fell 0.4 percentage points after the light vehicle sales release from the US Bureau of Economic Analysis and the ISM Non-Manufacturing Report On Business from the Institute for Supply Management … and 0.2 percentage points after the employment release from the US Bureau of Labor Statistics and the wholesale trade release from the US Census Bureau,” Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta said in their March statement. “Since April 4, the forecasts for first-quarter real consumer spending growth and real nonresidential equipment investment growth have fallen from 1.2 percent and 9.7 percent to 0.6 percent and 5.6 percent, respectively.”
Following the 2.1-percent annualized economic expansion in 4Q16, a slowdown to 0.6pc in 1Q17 would be the most dramatic drop since 2014. However, that year, a revolution in shale oil extraction, which overhauled the global energy market, benefitted the US economy greatly. This time around, there are no observable economic drivers in the US economy, comparable in scale to the shale revolution, which could accelerate GDP growth.
The US bond market sent an alarming signal this April, when the benchmark 10-year US Treasury yield declined to below 2.3pc. This means market participants have started buying into safe haven debt assets again after the elevated hopes of the first two months of the Trump presidency. Previous market expectations were for the Treasury yield to break above 2.6pc, but now it feels like investors are asking whether Trump is going to make any difference wtih regard to economic policies.
Furthermore, on Monday, 17 April, the benchmark Treasury yield dropped to below 2.2pc. Debt yields typically decline due to pessimistic market sentiment.
"We're breaking down now. You've got the long end of the curve coming in. You've got the short end of the curve going up because the Fed is starting to hike rates. You're starting to flatten the yield curve," David Nelson of Bellpointe Asset Management said. "At some point in time, economists are going to start using the 'r' word (recession)."
Nelson also cited the failure of Trump's effort to reform healthcare off the bat as having hurt market sentiment with regard to economic reform expectations.
© AFP 2017/ RHONA WISE Still No Deal Between US House Freedom Caucus, Republicans on Healthcare Bill
Still, the US central bankers are not quite pessimistic yet. With the Federal Reserve staying the course, raising base borrowing costs as tight labor market and inflation are still supporting the normalization of monetary policy, other Fed indicators have yet to suggest the high probability of a recession. According to the New York Fed data, the chances that a recession hits the US in the coming twelve months are 5.1834pc as of March.
A month earlier, the same indicator suggested a 4.1727-percent chance of a recession in the forthcoming year.
Albeit the degree of economic skepticism has risen recently, with investors cautiously hedging against the possible losses that entail a typical cyclical recession, the ongoing structural readjustment in the US economy, focused on manufacturing and the narrowing foreign trade balance, might help avert a full-blown recession until the fiscal package arrives to boost the economic output.
However, the slowdown in yearly GDP growth is poised to continue under the current economic policies, as structural inefficiency and low labor productivity are holding down the output capability of the US economy.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Recent news:
The Hartford expands Bushs role as Sprague steps down
Ted Bunker 11 December 2017
The Hartford has added personal lines to the portfolio of small commercial head Stephanie Bush.
Bush, who has overseen small commercial lines since 2014, replaces Ray Sprague, who is retiring after 30 years with the company, the Hartford, Connecticut-based carrier said today.
Bush will still report to president Doug Elliot, as they have been, the insurer said.
Before rejoining The Hartford as chief product and underwriting office for small commercial in 2013, Bush worked for a time at Travelers, where...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
President Donald Trump on Friday morning authorized the House Intelligence Committee to make the memo crafted by staff for Chair Devin Nunes (R-CA) public, according to reports from CNN and other news outlets.
Per @jeffzeleny and @jeremyherb: "Trump has authorized the release of a controversial Republican memo, and has sent word to the House Intelligence Committee the document may be made public…" — Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) February 2, 2018
NBC News: The President has declassified the House Intel GOP memo on a FISA warrant in full. It has been sent to the committee, @kwelkernbc reports. — Tom Winter (@Tom_Winter) February 2, 2018
I can confirm Fox's reporting: the White House has told House Intelligence to release the memo, unredacted. — Jonathan Swan (@jonathanvswan) February 2, 2018
Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice on Monday called the special election to fill Attorney General Jeff Sessions' Senate seat “one of the most significant in Alabama's history.”
Rice, a Birmingham native who served as national security adviser and secretary of state during former President George W. Bush's tenure, did not name either major candidate in a statement encouraging Alabamians to vote on Dec. 12, which was printed by AL.com.
Still, given racially inflammatory statements by Republican Roy Moore in the past, and allegations that they molested teenagers as an assistant district attorney, Rice's call to elect a “dignified, decent, and respectful” senator appeared to favor Democrat Doug Jones.
“These critical times require us to come together to reject bigotry, sexism, and intolerance,” they wrote.
Read Rice's statement below as printed by AL.com:
NASA and the American Astronomical Society (AAS) have created a list of reputable vendors for customers seeking to purchase solar eclipse glasses. Customers should avoid knock-offs because they do not provide adequate protection.
The following telescope and solar-filter companies have been verified by NASA and AAS.
American Paper Optics (Eclipser) / EclipseGlasses.com
APM Telescopes (Sunfilter Glasses)
Baadar Planetarium (AstroSolar Silver/Gold Film)
Celestron (EclipSmart Glasses & Viewers)
DayStar (Solar Glasses)
Halo Solar Eclipse Spectacles
Lunt Solar Systems (SUNsafe SUNglasses) (unique kid-sized glasses)
Rainbow Symphony (Eclipse Shades)
Thousand Oaks Optical (Silver-Black Polymer & SolarLite)
TSE 17 / 110th.de (Solar Filter Foil)
BLOEMFONTEIN, South Africa — South Africa openers Aiden Markram and Dean Elgar both made centuries to punish Bangladesh's decision to bowl first in the second test on Friday.
Markram was 135 not out and Elgar fell for 113 to break their 243-run stand for the opening wicket. South Africa moved to 256-1 at tea on the opening day at Mangaung Oval in what was shaping up to be a repeat of the first test.
Then, Bangladesh misread the pitch, put South Africa in to bat, and the South Africans made 496-3 declared in their first innings on the way to a comfortable victory.
Elgar made a second century in two tests after their 199 in that big first-innings score in the first game. Markram, out for 97 on their debut in the first test, did complete a maiden test hundred this time in Bloemfontein.
They had hit 21 fours and was with Hashim Amla (1 not out) at the tea break. South Africa was moving along swiftly at over 4 1/2 runs an over.
Elgar now has five centuries in 2017 and is the leading scorer in test cricket this year. They and Markram have put on two big opening partnerships in their first two tests playing together, 196 in the opening game and the double-century stand on Friday.
Elgar fell to a short-ball tactic that Bangladesh persevered with through most of the day, and ultimately had success with. Subashis Roy banged in a short one, Elgar went for a hook, and was caught at backward square leg by Mustafizur Rahman.
The touring bowlers reverted to the short stuff after getting little out of the pitch early on. They were also wayward, conceding 38 boundaries in the first two sessions.
Bangladesh made four changes to its lineup for the second and final match, dropping three bowlers and bringing in Subashis, Rubel Hossain and Taijul Islam. South Africa was without injured strike bowler Morne Morkel. Wayne Parnell replaced him.
By The Associated Press
Share. A selection of videos from the best of esports this week. A selection of videos from the best of esports this week.
An epic weekend of esports caps off the week, as the Call of Duty World League Championship wrapped up alongside the biggest esports tournament in the world, The International 7. Back home the OPL rolled on, the Chiefs acquired a Rocket League team and the IeSF World Championship Qualifiers delivered high octane Counter-Strike action.
We're still updating our calendar and if your Aussie event isn't on it we want to know! Remember you can email tips to me esportsau@ign.com or you can just click to send me an email. If you want, you can tweet suggestions at me as well, my Twitter is down the bottom of this article. Make sure you check out the rest of the esports hub, as well!
Dota 2 - The International 7
The best dota teams in the world collapsed on Seattle to determine which team was the best in the world, and by the time the Finals had started there were three Chinese teams against Team Liquid. Team Liquid dropped to the Loser's Bracket at the beginning of the main event and they had to fight their way through a who's who of amazing teams — Team Secret, Team Empire, Virtus.pro, LGD Gaming and LGD.ForeverYoung — on their way to the Grand Finals. Newbee, the other Grand Finalist, stayed in the Winner's Bracket the entire time. Newbee were the hot favourites heading into the finals, but Team Liquid shut them down in three games — the first clean sweep in The International Grand Finals history. Aussie Damien "Kpii" Chok, on Newbee, still walked away with just shy of $1 million Australian Dollars. Watch the Roshan Pit Steal that essentially secured The International for Team Liquid below.
Call of Duty - CWL Championships 2017
Orlando, Florida played host to the CWL Championships, where the best teams from around the world battled in 4v4 match-ups on the PlayStation 4's Call of Duty Infinite Warfare. Three Aussie teams competed in the event — Mindfreak, Mindfreak.Black and Tainted Minds all did their best. Only Mindfreak.Black managed to make it through to the Knockout stage however — where their first match was against eventual world champions, OpTic Gaming. The finals saw OpTic Gaming and Team EnVyUs collide for the second and third time in the tournament — OpTic needed two wins as they were coming from the Loser's Bracket, and they secured both wins in style. Watch the final moments of their victory below.
League of Legends - OPL Split 2 Week 8
SIN Gaming is making a late split push in the OPL as they beat Avant this week to extend their streak to 3. The Chiefs beat Team Regicide, who have grown a lot this split, and the Dire Wolves knock down Abyss Esports, but with a clash of titans scheduled next week it's anyone's guess as to how the play-offs will go down. Watch Sin and Avant clash below.
Counter-Strike - IeSF AU Qualifiers
The IeSF AU Qualifiers took place over the weekend as some of Australia's best CSGO teams played for a spot in the Finals early next month. MastermindsGC and Legacy both had a rough time of it, dropping before the playoffs. That meant the Chiefs, Kings, Avant Garde and BRB20 would battle for a spot in the finals — the Chiefs and Kings proved too strong in the end, and we'll find out soon enough whether a Chief is better than a King. Watch the Chief's Alistair clutch out in a 3 vs 1 against Avant Garde below.
Rocket League - Throwdown Challenge Season 3
The ThrowdownTV Rocket League Finals were on over the weekend, seeing Australia's best car-ball-colliders tangle for a share in $8,888 AUD and some confidence as they head into the next (RLCS Qualifying) season. The Chiefs esports club bought Billy Fan Club, who secured 4th after being knocked out by Scylla Esports. Scylla were in turn knocked out by Pale Horse Esports, and Pale were defeated in the Grand Finals by last season's runners-up, JAM Gaming. Watch the final moments of JAM and Pale Horse below.
If there are any fantastic highlights from the AU scene you think we missed above, drop me a line on Twitter or tell us in the comments below. I'm all over the good stuff though, so we'll see you next week for more!
Joab Gilroy is an Australian-based freelancer that specialises in competitive online games and esports. You can tweet at them here.
People who snore loudly are up to three times more likely to develop dementia, according to new research.
The study suggests it cuts off oxygen supply during sleep which can lead to brain damage.
Sleep apnoea is the most common sleep disorder, affecting about 1.5 million Brits, and is treated by wearing a mask in bed that blows air into the back of the throat.
Now the first study of its kind is being launched to see if the therapy prevents dementia – the UK's biggest killer.
Professor Elizabeth Coulson, of the Queensland Brain Institute at the University of Queensland, said: “Treating sleep apnoea may reduce dementia risk.
“People who suffer from sleep apnoea are two to three times more likely to develop Alzheimer's disease.
“This could be because hypoxia – lower levels of oxygen in the blood from poor breathing – causes nerve cell death.”
The condition is caused when the muscles and soft tissue in the throat relax, causing a blockage of the airways.
It interferes with breathing, often stopping it altogether for short periods many times a night leading to lack of oxygen, restless sleep and heavy snoring.
The condition blights the lives of about one in 20 people – five per cent of the population. Twice more common in men than women, it can begin at any time, including childhood. Many sufferers are unaware they have it.
So Prof Coulson and colleagues are enrolling sleep apnoea patients aged 55 to 75 to see if wearing the CPAP (Continuous Positive Airways Pressure) mask stops or slows brain degeneration.
The team found inadequate oxygen levels during sleep can harm and neurons and raise the risk of developing Alzheimer's.
Prof Coulson explained people sleep apnoea results in lower levels of oxygen in the blood, known medically as hypoxia. This can triple the risk of Alzheimer's. The researchers have been investigating the mechanisms by which this occurs, finding hypoxia leads to the degeneration of an area of the brain important for attention and learning.
Prof Coulson said sleep apnoea affects more than a million Australian adults, and is usually treated with CPAP.
It consists of a plastic mask that fits over the nose and mouth and is connected to a machine that blows air under low pressure continually into the back of the throat,
Prof Coulson said this keeps the airway open, helps maintain correct oxygen levels and, ultimately allows for a better quality sleep.
The response is immediate and obvious after only a few hours or one night.
They said: “The next stage of our research involves following patients with sleep apnoea over an extended period of time to determine whether CPAP protects against cognitive decline.”
Sleep apnoea is a serious condition which can lead to other problems such as high blood pressure, which in turn can lead to strokes and heart attacks.
Professor Pankaj Sah, director of the Queensland Brain Institute, said the research could lead to initiating early intervention in patients.
They added: “Sleep disturbances can occur up to 10 years prior to Alzheimer's disease.
“Considering that Alzheimer's affects roughly one third of the elderly population, this important research may inform preventative public health measures in the future.”
Sleep apnoea causes excessive sleepiness and tiredness during the day so that people often fall asleep at work, during meals or even standing up.
In drivers or people working with heavy machinery the dangers are clear.
There is good evidence to show that the incidence of road accidents is high in individuals with the condition.
It also means that people become depressed or bad tempered and lacking in concentration, disrupting their social lives and relationships.
Alzheimer's is the most common form of dementia and now affects more than 500,000 people in the UK – a figure expected to triple by 2050. Dementia affects the ability to remember, think and reason.
CIF Southern Section Baseball, Softball Championship Schedule
Friday's Softball Games
At Deanna Manning Stadium, Irvine
Division 6: Mary Star of the Sea vs. Highland, 12:30 p.m.
Division 5: J.W. North vs. Chaminade, 3:3 p.m.
Division 3: West Torrance vs. Redlands East Valley, 6:30 p.m.
Saturday's Baseball Games
At Cal State Fullerton
Admission: $12 adults, $5 for students with valid student identification and for children ages 5-13. Free parking.
Division 3: Maranatha vs. La Salle, 10 a.m.
Division 5: Malibu vs. Temple City, 1 p.m.
Division 2: Beckman vs. Yucaipa, 4:30 p.m.
Division 1: Foothill vs. Capistrano Valley, 7:30 p.m.
At UC Riverside's Sports Complex
Admission: $12 adults, $5 for students with valid student identification and for children ages 5-13. Parking is $5.
Division 6: Pasadena Poly vs. Moreno Valley, Noon
Division 7: Fillmore vs. Trinity Classical, 3:30 p.m.
Division 4: La Quinta vs. Monrovia, 7 p.m.
Saturday's Softball Games
At Deanna Manning Stadium, Irvine
Division 7: The Archer School of Girls vs. Serra, 9:30 a.m.
Division 2: Martin Luther King vs. Newbury Park, 12:30 p.m.
Division 4: San Marcos vs. Santa Fe, 3:30 p.m.
Division 1: Norco vs. Gahr/Chino Hills winner, 6:30 p.m.
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a "consensual" relationship
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer didn't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer didn't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes.
It's an annual rite in Fairfax County, one of the wealthiest counties in America: hundreds of second-graders trooping off to private psychologists, taking IQ tests to prove they're worthy of the county's advanced academic programs.
It's an annual rite in Fairfax County, one of the wealthiest counties in America: hundreds of second-graders trooping off to private psychologists, taking IQ tests to prove they're worthy of the county's advanced...
The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure.".
The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure.".
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after they tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after they tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
Abortion rises as a hot topic in this year's state legislative sessions, as activists on both sides say they expect the U.S. Supreme Court to weigh in soon on how far states go in restricting access.
Abortion rises as a hot topic in this year's state legislative sessions, as activists on both sides say they expect the U.S. Supreme Court to weigh in soon on how far states go in restricting access.
'Kill Bill' actor Uma Thurman accuses embattled Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein of forcing themselves upon their sexually and director Quentin Tarantino of making them perform a dangerous car stunt that injured them
'Kill Bill' actor Uma Thurman accuses embattled Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein of forcing themselves upon their sexually and director Quentin Tarantino of making them perform a dangerous car stunt that injured them
EAST BRIDGEWATER, Mass. (AP) - Two sisters tied down and burned a 5-year-old girl, permanently disfiguring her, in a voodoo ritual meant to rid them of a demon causing them to misbehave, police said. The women also threatened to cut off the head of the girl's 8-year-old brother with a machete, authorities said.
The boy said their sister was tied down on at least two occasions while the sisters blew fire over their face and cut them on the arm and in the collar area with a needle-like object, drawing blood, according to police. The girl said the women also poured over their eyes a substance that stung.
Peggy LaBossiere, 51, and Rachel Hilaire, 40, of East Bridgewater, denied injuring the girl and threatening the boy, the Brockton Enterprise reported . They pleaded not guilty on Jan. 29 to mayhem, assault and other charges. A public defender for the women didn't return a call seeking comment on Saturday.
Police say the girl's mother is a hair stylist of Haitian descent who has LaBossiere as a client and requested the ritual. They have not been charged but is receiving mental health treatment.
The sisters will be back in Brockton Superior Court on Wednesday for a hearing to determine whether they're too dangerous to be released.
The sisters told police that they have performed "cleansing baths" for family and friends in the past, something that involves chanting prayers, rubbing frankincense and eucalyptus oils and sea salt on their bodies, and burning myrrh, the newspaper reported. Children sometimes get burned as spirits leave the body, they said.
The girl suffered a third-degree burn across their face that will leave them permanently disfigured, police said. They were treated at a hospital and taken into custody by state welfare authorities, along with their brother, who described to police what happened at the sisters' house over multiple days.
Voodoo refers to religious practices developed centuries ago by enslaved Africans in the Caribbean, primarily in Haiti, where the practices are sometimes spelled "vodou."
___
Information from: The (Brockton, Mass.) Enterprise, http://www.enterprisenews.com
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A Turkish Cypriot owned restaurant has topped the list of the best British restaurants in London and is ranked 17th among 17,955 restaurants in the capital, according to the traveler-review website TripAdvisor.
The ‘Golden Chippy' in Greenwich High Road, owned by Huseyin Kanizi, 58, has been voted first among 3,212 eateries for authentic British food. It has so far had 750 reviews of which 512 are ‘excellent' and 73 ‘very good'.
Apart from food, it also won top votes for service, value-for-money and atmosphere, winning higher accolades among customers than fine-dining restaurants such as The Foyer at Claridge's and The Goring Dining Room.
Many of the comments praise the ‘amazing' fish and chips, but there is always the personal touch. In fact, the service is rated even better than the food.
“The fish and chips was extremely fresh. The batter was light and exceptionally crispy,” a customer who describes their experience as ‘superb' commented this week. “The gentlemen who served us even gave my dog some drinking water which demonstrates their excellent customer services.”
“The staff were extremely friendly, the fish and chips were the best I have ever had, and we spent less than 10 pounds per person,” another posted this month.
The good opinion is not restricted to Londoners. The following comment is by a visitor from the United States: “I requested the gluten-free fried chicken and chips. The friendly owner explained they normally don't make gluten free fried chicken but if we wanted to wait they would make it special for me. It was well worth the wait!! I would be honored if they came to the U.S. and opened up a restaurant in Texas.”
Feb. 2 (UPI) -- Russian President Vladimir Putin led celebrations Friday to mark the 75th anniversary of victory in World War II's pivotal Battle of Stalingrad.
Putin laid wreaths at monuments and was the guest of honor at military parades and memorial observances. Their major address concentrated on Russian patriotism and sacrifice for the country.
The battle between defending troops of the Soviet Union and invading Nazi Germany lasted seven months in the winter of 1942-1943. The city's proximity to oil fields and the symbolic attachment to overtaking an area named for Soviet leader Josef Stalin were the Nazi motivations to invade the city.
Stalin refused to evacuate the citizens of the city now named Volgograd, and civilian casualties were high. Many died of starvation. Nearly 2.2 million people were involved, with at least 1.7 million people killed, wounded or captured, it is regarded as among the most severe battles in the history of warfare.
With the costly defeat and withdrawal of the Nazi military, it is also considered a turning point in Western civilization. Germany's army was depleted for the rest of the war and it surrendered in 1945.
On Friday, the Kremlin reported the mood at several war memorials was proud and somber. Putin visited the Battle of Stalingrad State Historical Memorial Museum, placing a wreath at an eternal flame. They also presented flowers at the grave of Soviet military leader Gen. Vasily Chuikov. Chuikov was commander the 62nd Army, which distinguished itself during the battle.
"The destiny of the homeland and the whole world was decided in Stalingrad at that time. The tough character of our people was manifested in full there. They fought for every building and the lives of their children," Putin said in their formal address. "The triumph of this battle embodied the courage and bravery of our soldiers and commanders, and the talent and boldness of Soviet military leaders."
Although Russian and German government agencies work together when mass graves from the battle are discovered, German leaders were not invited to Friday's observances. No reconciliation, such as the 1984 handshake between then-German Chancellor Helmut Kohl and then-French President Francois Mittrerand at the World War I battlefield of Verdun, France, is anticipated.
​The Internet of Things is notoriously insecure, but a recent incident experienced by Rilana Hamer in the Netherlands takes things to the next level. Hamer initially noticed that a webcam they bought was moving of its own accord and a voice addressed them from the webcam's speaker. After they unplugged it and put it away, they took it back out to film it if it started acting up again. It did:
Hamer and the hacker ended up having a conversation:
[T]he voice returned. “Hello, do you speak French?” it asked. Hamer eventually flipped out at the intruder, yelling, “Get the fuck out of my house.” “Hola señorita,” the hacker teased. “Yeah, fuck you,” they screamed. At last, the troll lost their quiet composure, shouting, “Suck my dick!”
[Gizmodo]
Read more at Gizmodo, and maybe go turn off your webcam.
© Sputnik/ Grigoriy Sisoev Russian Gas Costs EU Consumers 33% Less Via Nord Stream Than Ukraine
MOSCOW, January 2 (Sputnik) — Gazprom CEO Alexey Miller said that the current load of the Nord Stream demonstrated that the pipeline was in high demand on the European market, "which confirms the importance and relevance of constructing Nord Stream 2".
"On January 1, Gazprom delivered a record volume of natural gas via the Nord Stream pipeline — 160,75 million cubic meters. When recalculated to a year rate, it exceeds the projected volumes of the pipeline," the statement said.
Russia is engaged in constructing the Nord Stream 2 pipeline that aims to deliver 55 billion cubic meters of Russian natural gas a year to the European Union across the Baltic Sea to Germany, bypassing Ukraine. The pipeline is planned for 2018. Gazprom has a shareholder agreement to extend the existing Nord Stream with partner European energy firms.
× A percentage of people think ‘drink responsibly' means looking cool while drinking
You've probably seen those ads promoting beer or vodka and the end usually says somewhere “please drink responsibly.”
Well, it looks like most customers aren't really connecting with the message. In fact, they've been misunderstanding it all this time.
A new study found that 24% of consumers thought “how to drink responsibly” meant “looking cool when you drink.” Twenty-one percent thought it meant “drinking the right kind of alcohol.” Eight percent thought it urged people to drink more, rather than less.
These “responsible drinking” campaigns have actually been around since the early 70's!
LOS ANGELES (EMBARGOED UNTIL AUG. 14, 2017, AT 10 A.M. EDT ) - Cardiac stem cell infusions could someday help reverse the aging process in the human heart, making older ones behave younger, according to a new study from the Cedars-Sinai Heart Institute.
"Our previous lab studies and human clinical trials have shown promise in treating heart failure using cardiac stem cell infusions," said Eduardo Marbán, MD, PhD, director of the Cedars-Sinai Heart Institute and the primary investigator of the study. "Now we find that these specialized stem cells could turn out to reverse problems associated with aging of the heart."
The study was published today by the European Heart Journal.
In the study, investigators injected cardiosphere-derived cells, a specific type of stem cell, from newborn laboratory rats into the hearts of rats with an average age of 22 months, which is considered aged. Other laboratory rats from the same age group were assigned to receive placebo treatment, saline injections instead of stem cells. Both groups of aged rats were compared to a group of young rats with an average age of 4 months.
Baseline heart function was measured in all rats, using echocardiograms, treadmill stress tests and blood analysis. The group of older rats underwent an additional round of testing one month after receiving cardiosphere-derived cells that came from young rats.
"The way the cells work to reverse aging is fascinating," Marbán said. "They secrete tiny vesicles that are chock-full of signaling molecules such as RNA and proteins. The vesicles from young cells appear to contain all the needed instructions to turn back the clock."
Results of those tests show lab rats that received the cardiosphere-derived cells:
Experienced improved heart function
Demonstrated longer heart cell telomeres, compound structures located at the ends of chromosomes that shrink with age
Improved their exercise capacity by an average of approximately 20 percent
Regrew hair faster than rats that didn't receive the cells
"This study didn't measure whether receiving the cardiosphere-derived cells extended lifespans, so we have a lot more work to do," said Lilian Grigorian-Shamagian, MD, PhD, co-primary investigator and the first author of the study. "We have much to study, including whether CDCs need to come from a young donor to have the same rejuvenating effects and whether the extracellular vesicles are able to reproduce all the rejuvenating effects we detect with CDCs."
Since Marbán's team completed the world's first cardiac stem cell infusion in 2009, the Cedars-Sinai Heart Institute has made significant contributions to decoding and understanding how cardiac stem cells regenerate damaged heart muscle. The team is studying the use of stem cells to treat patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy as well as patients with heart failure with preserved ejection fraction, a condition that affects more than 50 percent of all heart failure patients.
General support for Marbán's laboratory is provided by the National Institutes of Health. The CDCs, manufactured by Capricor Inc. (NASDAQ: CAPR) as their product CAP-1002, have been used in other human clinical trials.
The process to grow cardiac-derived stem cells was developed by Marbán when they were on the faculty of Johns Hopkins University and further developed at Cedars-Sinai. Capricor has licensed the process from Johns Hopkins and from Cedars-Sinai for clinical and commercial development. Capricor has licensed additional intellectual property from Cedars-Sinai and the University of Rome. Cedars-Sinai and Marbán have financial interests in Capricor.
###
The Cedars-Sinai Heart Institute is internationally recognized for outstanding heart care built on decades of innovation and leading edge research. From cardiac imaging and advanced diagnostics to surgical repair of complex heart problems to the training of the heart specialists of tomorrow and research that is deepening medical knowledge and practice, the Cedars-Sinai Heart Institute is known around the world for excellence and innovations.
Image Credit: Cedars-Sinai
EMBARGOED UNTIL AUG. 14, 2017, AT 10 A.M. EDT
The Baltimore City Health Department has declared a Code Red Extreme Heat Alert through Tuesday. It is the first Code Red of the 2018 season.
Scroll for more content...
The National Weather Service has issued an Excessive Heat Warning for parts of the Baltimore metro Monday afternoon as the heat index value may reach around 110.
The heat index is a measure of air temperature and relative humidity and indicates how hot it feels to the human body. Temperatures could reach up to 100 degrees through Tuesday.
"Hundreds of people die every year from heat-related illness," Baltimore City Health Commissioner Dr. Leana Wen said. "Heat is a silent killer and a threat to the health of everyone in our city, particularly the young, the elderly and those with chronic diseases. In weather like this, it's important for everyone to protect against hyperthermia and dehydration."
The Mayor's Office of Human Services' Community Action Partnership opened the following cooling centers from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m.
Northern Community Action Partnership Center 5225 York Road, 410-396-6084
Northwest Community Action Partnership Center 3939 Reisterstown Road, 443-984-1384
Southeast Community Action Partnership Center 3411 Bank Street, 410-545-6518
Also, ShopRite Howard Park at 4601 Liberty Heights Ave. is open as a community cooling center during their regular hours. The Baltimore City Recreation and Parks will also extend pool hours.
During periods of extreme heat, the health department recommends that city residents:
Drink plenty of water and avoid alcohol and caffeine
Reduce outside activities and stay inside in air-conditioned locations
Never leave children or pets alone in closed vehicles, even for short periods of time
Check on older, sick, or frail neighbors who may need help in the heat
Watch out for signs of heat exhaustion and heat stroke, which include:
Confusion
Hot, dry, flushed skin or cool and clammy skin
Lightheadedness
Nausea
Call 911 immediately if any of these symptoms occur
City residents who want information on the closest cooling center or who are concerned about a neighbor can call 311. Any city resident experiencing the signs of heat exhaustion or heat stroke should call 911.
Howard County
Howard County has also issued a heat advisory until 8 p.m. Tap here for more information.
Harford County
Cooling centers are also open Monday and Tuesday in Harford County.
On Mondays and Tuesdays, Harford libraries are open from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. at all branches except for Darlington, which is open between the hours of 3 p.m. and 8 p.m.
The branch locations of Harford County Public Library are as follows:
21 Franklin Street in Aberdeen
2510 Tollgate Road in Abingdon
100 E. Pennsylvania Avenue in Bel Air
1134 Main Street in Darlington
629 Edgewood Road in Edgewood
1461 Fallston Road in Fallston
120 N. Union Avenue in Havre de Grace
3722 Norrisville Road in Jarrettsville
655 Towne Center Drive in Joppa
5310 Norrisville Road in White Hall
2407 Whiteford Road in Whiteford
Visit www.hcplonline.org or the Harford County Public Library Facebook page for more information.
April 24, 2018 - About 2.6 million American children and adolescents had diagnosed anxiety and/or depression in 2011-12, reports an analysis of nationwide data in the Journal of Developmental & Behavioral Pediatrics, the official journal of the Society for Developmental and Behavioral Pediatrics. The journal is published by Wolters Kluwer.
The number of children with diagnosed anxiety - but not depression - has increased in recent years, according to the new report. The lead author was Rebecca H. Bitsko, PhD, of the National Center on Birth Defects and Developmental Disabilities, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Study Shows High Rates and Impact of Anxiety and Depression in American Youth
The researchers analyzed data from the nationally representative National Survey of Children's Health for the years 2003, 2007, and 2011-12. In the most recent year, more than 65,000 parents were asked about problems with anxiety and/or depression (diagnosed by a doctor or other healthcare professional) in their children aged six to 17 years.
In the 2011-12 survey, 5.3 percent of children and teens had current anxiety or depression. The prevalence of current anxiety increased significantly between surveys: from 3.5 percent in 2007 to 4.1 percent in 2011-12. By comparison, the prevalence of current depression showed no significant change: 2.5 and 2.7 percent, respectively.
"These estimates correspond with approximately two million children aged six to 17 years in 2011-12 with current anxiety, 1.4 million children with current depression, 2.6 million with current anxiety or depression, and 760,000 children with both," Dr. Bitsko and coauthors write. The percentage of children who had ever been diagnosed with anxiety or depression increased from 5.4 percent in 2003 to 8.4 percent in 2011-12.
Children with anxiety and/or depression were more likely to have other diagnosed chronic health conditions as well, including neurobehavioral disorders and obesity. Even after adjustment for other health problems, the presence of anxiety or depression was associated with increased use of healthcare services, more problems at school, and higher levels of aggravation for parents.
"Despite significant healthcare needs, nearly 20 percent of children with anxiety or depression did not receive mental health treatment in the past year," Dr. Bitsko and coauthors write. Only about one-third of the children with anxiety or depression had a "medical home" - that is, a usual source of healthcare with referrals and care coordination, if needed.
Based on repeated surveys of a nationwide sample of parents, the study provides new information on the burden of anxiety and depression among US children and adolescents. The reasons for the increase in parent-reported anxiety are unclear. This trend may reflect improved identification or increased use of mental health services, or an increase in the number of children experiencing anxiety symptoms, the authors suggest.
Based on repeated surveys in nationally representative samples, the study provides new insights into the prevalence and burden of anxiety and depression in children and teens. The researchers note that the national estimates are lower than data from community-based studies, "suggesting that child anxiety may be under-diagnosed."
"Children with anxiety and depression may have needs that go beyond diagnosis and mental health treatment," Dr. Bitsko comments, "Anxiety and depression are associated with school problems, parenting stress, and unmet medical needs. Parents, healthcare providers, and teachers can look for ways to support children with anxiety and depression in all areas of the child's life." The researchers emphasize the need for further research to identify factors associated with the increased prevalence of anxiety, and to evaluate how improved care coordination and other strategies can improve the health and well-being of children with anxiety and depression.
###
Click here to read "Epidemiology and Impact of Health Care Provider-Diagnosed Anxiety and Depression Among US Children."
DOI: 10.1097/DBP.0000000000000571
About the Journal of Developmental & Behavioral Pediatrics
Written for physicians, clinicians, psychologists and researchers, each bimonthly issue of the Journal of Developmental & Behavioral Pediatrics (http://www. jrnldbp. com ) is devoted entirely to the developmental and psychosocial aspects of pediatric health care. Each issue brims with original articles, case reports, challenging cases and reviews--the the latest work of many of today's best known leaders in related fields--that help professionals across disciplines stay current with the latest information in the field. Relevant areas covered include learning disorders, developmental disabilities, and emotional, behavioral, and psychosomatic problems. Journal of Developmental & Behavioral Pediatrics is the official journal of the Society for Developmental and Behavioral Pediatrics.
About Wolters Kluwer
Wolters Kluwer is a global leader in professional information, software solutions, and services for the health, tax & accounting, finance, risk & compliance, and legal sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.
Wolters Kluwer, headquartered in the Netherlands, reported 2017 annual revenues of €4.4 billion. The company serves customers in over 180 countries, maintains operations in over 40 countries, and employs approximately 19,000 people worldwide.
WASHINGTON German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said on Thursday it would be possible to develop the euro zone's European Stability Mechanism (ESM) rescue fund into a European monetary fund soon.
Asked if this would be possible in the short term, Schaeuble replied: "Yes, I think so."
Speaking on the sidelines of International Monetary Fund meetings in Washington, they also said any new aid programs for euro zone countries should be without the international lender and so under European auspices.
They added that it was not realistic to take further steps towards European Union integration at this point and that after Britain's vote to leave the bloc its remaining members must be ready to form "coalitions of the willing".
"Given the current situation, it is not realistic to think that we can take further steps towards deepening European integration at the moment," Schaeuble said.
"We need to respond to urgent questions in a way that is visibly European, and we need to find European solutions to acute problems," they added. "We need flexible speeds, variable groupings of countries, 'coalitions of the willing', whatever you want to call it in a particular situation."
German officials have said Schaeuble and their delegation will stress the importance of globalization and free trade for growth at G20 talks in Washington this week, as well as the need for reforms to increase resilience against future shocks.
Officials from the group of the world's 20 biggest economies are meeting on the sidelines of the bi-annual conference of the IMF and the World Bank in Washington, which is from Thursday until Sunday.
Schaeuble said central banks had done plenty to support economies.
"There is no lack of debt in the world, and no lack of central bank liquidity," they said. "There is, however, a lack of productivity and competitiveness in many countries because the necessary reforms have not been carried out."
(Reporting by Gernot Heller; Writing by Madeline Chambers; Editing by Joseph Nasr and Catherine Evans)
Elite Farm Services workers seen throwing chickens at a Chilliwack farm in undercover video filmed by Mercy for Animals. (Submitted)
The Vancouver Humane Society (VHS) is not happy it's been nearly a year since the release of video showing violent abuse of chickens on a Chilliwack farm and yet no one has been charged.
“There would no doubt be considerable public outrage if the alleged perpetrators of these extreme acts of cruelty were not brought to justice,” VHS executive director Debra Probert said in a May 28 letter to B.C. Attorney General David Eby.
The video in question shot at an Elite Farm Services operation in Chilliwack and showed chickens being kicked, stomped on, sexually abused and having their limbs torn off.
In the wake of the undercover footage filmed by an employee working for Mercy for Animals, five employees and one supervisor of the local farm labour company involved were fired, according to the company's president.
“We are sickened with the footage and want to ensure all our suppliers and producers that this is not reflective of who we are, our fundamental beliefs or behaviour we accept from our employees,” said Dwayne Dueck of Elite Farm Services in a statement issued in June 2017.
The BC Chicken Marketing Board, too, expressed disgust at the practices seen in the video.
“This is beyond anything that any normal person would conceive of to be normal behaviour,” executive director Bill Vanderspek told Black Press in an interview nearly a year ago. “I was just disgusted.”
• READ MORE: B.C. chicken farmers respond to videos of violent abuse of birds at Chilliwack farms
Given the long delay, the VHS is calling on Eby to ensure those responsible for the animal cruelty are brought to justice.
The B.C. SPCA has produced a report for Crown Counsel recommending animal cruelty charges, but no charges have been laid, according to the VHS.
“We are concerned at this undue delay and any potential impact it might have on a successful prosecution proceeding,” Probert said in their letter to Eby. “
The letter calls on the Attorney General to “take whatever action is necessary to expedite Crown Counsel's work on this case.”
• READ MORE: Chicken catchers to wear body cameras following abuse video
@PeeJayAitch
paul.henderson@theprogress.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
CINCINNATI — Trevon Bluiett got off their 3-pointer and felt the foul. The ball went in, they went down, and No. 6 Xavier had the big play it needed to pull one out.
Bluiett had a season-high 31 points, including a four-point play that tied it late in regulation, and the Musketeers never trailed in overtime while holding on for a 96-91 victory over Georgetown on Saturday.
With Xavier (21-3, 9-2 Big East) trailing by four points, Bluiett made their sixth 3-pointer of the game and was levelled by Jagan Mosely after they released the shot. Bluiett hit the free throw, tying it 86-all with 24.3 seconds left.
"We ran a play that was going to open me up for a 3," Bluiett said. "I didn't expect them to jump and foul me. I shot it, it felt good, they got off-balance and ran into me. I just know it's a good feeling."
That was the break Xavier needed to remain unbeaten in 15 home games this season.
"Sometimes you have a little luck," coach Chris Mack said. "The guy crashing into them — that was very fortunate."
The Musketeers didn't make a field goal in overtime. They converted all of their 10 free throws, including four by Tyrique Jones, who finished with 15 points. Bluiett's two free throws clinched it with 10 seconds left.
The Hoyas (13-9, 3-8) lamented how they wasted a chance to win it after Bluett's four-point play in regulation. Jahvon Blair passed up an open shot and then forced 3-point try that was well off the mark with 2 seconds left, giving Xavier a chance to finish off a back-and-forth game. There were 20 ties and 21 lead changes, with neither team ahead by more than five points.
"Blair had a shot, but they thought we wanted to hold it," coach Patrick Ewing said. "Sometimes when you have an open shot, you've got to take it when you have it. But they held it and when they shot, it was a bad shot."
Xavier has won six in a row, staying right behind No. 1 Villanova for the Big East lead.
The broadcast networks have nearly 20 shows debuting this fall, including CBS' S.W.A.T. reboot, the maiden space voyage of Fox's Orville and The CW's soapy new Dynasty. To help you prep for it all, TVLine is offering First Impressions of the not-for-review pilots.
Next up on our list….
THE SHOW | ABC's Ten Days in the Valley (Sundays at 10/9c, premiere date TBA)
THE COMPETITION | NBC's Sunday Night Football and CBS' Madam Secretary
RELATED Read Our First Impressions of ABC's The Mayor and The Good Doctor, CBS' S.W.A.T., SEAL Team and Young Sheldon, and The CW's Valor and Dynasty
THE CAST | Kyra Sedgwick (The Closer), Kick Gurry (Sense8), Erika Christensen (Parenthood), Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje (Lost), Emily Kinney (The Walking Dead), Currie Graham (Murder in the First), Felix Solis (The Family) and others
THE SET-UP | Sedgwick stars as Jane Sadler, a TV crime drama showrunner who finds life imitating art when their daughter is abducted in the middle of the night. Gurry costars as Jane's embittered ex, while Christensen and Akinnuoye-Agbaje play their sister and the lead investigator, respectively.
RELATED Fall TV Poll: Which New Shows Are YOU Most Looking Forward To?
THE FIRST IMPRESSION | This looks to be the real deal, folks, my favorite of the half-dozen drama pilots I have screened thus far. Penned by Rookie Blue creator Tassie Cameron and covering 10 days over the course of as many episodes, the show takes its time in establishing a sense of dread as the child's vanishing nears, and then does some interesting things with Jane's immediate reaction once it does. The canvas is populated with an interesting variety of well-cast characters(/suspects?) from both Jane's personal and professional lives — from the seemingly supportive to the mildly (or outwardly!) contentious. Most interestingly (and perhaps the show's biggest obstacle, in establishing a root-for hero), Jane is no Girl Scout. Rather, they have at least a couple of secrets brewing in the first hour alone, though they are far from alone in that respect.
RELATED Fall TV Schedule: What's on When? And Versus What?
THE TVLINE BOTTOM LINE | It'd be great to see Ten Days thrive in a time slot where other ABC dramas have struggled, but it will need to overcome a bit of a “disconnect” leading out of the network's new Sunday reality-TV block of To Tell the Truth and Shark Tank (though the latter's most recent run did average a robust-for-ABC 1.2 demo rating).
Watch the trailer for Ten Days in the Valley , then vote in our poll below.
Sacred Sounds Concert is Feb. 19 at Gulf Shores United Methodist
The fully restored Reuter pipe organ at Gulf Shores United Methodist Church will be featured in the annual Sacred Sounds concert Sunday evening February 19 at 6:30pm. Tickets at $5 per person are now available at Thee Coffee Shop in the GSUMC South Campus in the Winn Dixie plaza.
Concert proceeds support the music ministry of Gulf Shores UMC. For more information, please feel free to call the church office at 251-968-2411 or visit gulfshoresumc.org.
Jackie Dahlman (pictured), GSUMC organist/pianist/accompanist, has selected several number by well-known composers, including Bach, Franck and Karg-Elert.
Guest soloists include organists Irene Walker of Foley and Paul Anderson of Elberta. Dr. Michael Brown of Gulf Shores will present several trumpet numbers with organ accompaniment.
A member of the American Guild of Organists, Mrs. Dahlman has been organist at the Gulf Shores church since 2004. They received a degree in organ from Hamline University in St. Paul MN and was vocal music specialist for
elementary grades in Minneapolis schools before moving to Gulf Shores.
Irene Walker earned a BME in Music Education with major emphasis on organ from Troy University. They continued their education with a scholarship to Sherwood Music Conservatory in Chicago, where they also studied piano performance.  They are currently organist at Foley United Methodist Church, Foley.
Paul Anderson studied at Boston University and the Royal School of Church Music in London, England.
BANGOR, Maine — Isaiah White scored a career-high 23 points with five 3-pointers and made a game-saving block, Andre Fleming added 16 points for their 25th career game scoring in double figures, and Maine held off Binghamton 81-79 in overtime on Saturday to end a two-game skid.
Aaron Calixte scored 11 points for Maine (6-19, 3-7 America East), which led 30-28 at halftime and by as many as 10 in the second half until Thomas Bruce's tip-in tied it at 69 with eight seconds left in regulation.
Calixte's layup off a Binghamton turnover made it 76-72 in OT and Ilker Er hit 1 of 2 from the line for a 77-72 Maine lead with 1:25 left after Binghamton missed 6 of 7 from 3. The Bearcats closed to 81-79 on J.C. Show's free throw with 10 seconds to go. Fard Muhammad missed a 3 with seven seconds left and got it back, but White blocked their shot at the buzzer to seal it for Maine.
Show scored 20 points, Bruce had 18 with 13 rebounds and Muhammad 17 points with five 3s for Binghamton (10-15, 1-9), which has lost five straight.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Former UFC heavyweight champion Brock Lesnar has informed the mixed martial arts promotion that they are retired from competition.
The UFC confirmed the 39-year-old Lesnar's decision Wednesday.
Lesnar returned from a 4½-year MMA absence last July to beat Mark Hunt at UFC 200, but the result was overturned after Lesnar failed two doping tests. They were subsequently suspended from competition for a year by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency, which administers the UFC's doping policy.
Lesnar's decision to retire means they have been removed from USADA's drug-testing pool, which monitors the fighters year-round.
If they decide to return to competition, they would have to serve the remaining five months of their suspension.
The decision doesn't affect Lesnar's professional wrestling career, where the multitalented athlete has spent most of the past five years.  They are scheduled to perform for the WWE at WrestleMania in Orlando on April 2.
Lesnar fought for the UFC just eight times, but they became one of the biggest pay-per-view stars in the sport's history during their brief run. The former NCAA wrestling champion and WWE star drew millions of new fans to the young sport with their hulking presence and violent skills.
They made a guaranteed $2.5 million purse for their victory over Hunt last year, along with likely millions in undisclosed bonuses. But Lesnar failed a drug test taken before their fight and another on fight night. They tested positive for clomiphene, a banned substance under USADA rules.
Lesnar won the UFC heavyweight title in just their third fight for the promotion, beating Randy Couture in November 2008. They defended the belt twice before losing it to Cain Velasquez in October 2010, and they lost to Alistair Overeem in December 2011 in their final fight before their 2016 comeback.
They also endured serious health problems that curtailed their MMA fighting prime, including a bout of diverticulitis.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
Press Release
In recognition of Reading Month 2018, The Castries Central Youth and Sports Council launched its first Book Drive, to mark this year's theme “Collaborating to Close the Literacy Gap – Read for Change.” The council also held their own theme this year- “Power in the Pages.”
On May 25th, 2018, executive members of the council visited primary schools within their district and donated several books to be placed in their libraries. This donation included a mixed genre of books, such as fiction novels as well as reference material. This was a means of providing the children with resources for reading and to help stimulate their creative minds and improve their vocabulary.
Students from the Ave Maria Girls' Primary School, St Aloysius RC Boys' Infant School, Marchand Combined, Canon Laurie Anglican Infant School and the Gordon and Walcott Memorial Methodist School benefited from this initiative.
The Castries Central Youth and Sports Council would like to extend its gratitude to all those who made this activity possible by donating books to this Book Drive and welcomes this collaborated effort in promoting literacy on the island.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Skype
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
Telegram
Reddit
CAYUGA, Ind. (WTHI) - North Vermillion basketball has hired Jacob Cummings as its new boys' head coach, according to a release from Athletic Director Martin Brown. The school announced the decision via a Tuesday afternoon press release.
Scroll for more content...
Full text of the release can be found below.
April 10 Oncomed Pharmaceuticals Inc
* Oncomed Pharmaceuticals announces Bayer terminates its option to license vantictumab or ipafricept
* Oncomed - Bayer Pharma notified co of decision not to exercise option to license WNT pathway inhibitors vantictumab, ipafricept for strategic reasons
* Oncomed - Effective June 2017, co to retain worldwide development & commercialization rights to vantictumab, ipafricept, WNT pathway biologics
* Oncomed Pharmaceuticals Inc - small molecule program under companies' collaboration continues without change
* Oncomed - will be conducting internal portfolio review and prioritization to determine next steps for all programs, including vantictumab, ipafricept Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Selena Gomez has new music coming soon, and another season of 13 Reasons Why on the way!
The “Wolves” singer, 25, shared photos from the Netflix series' second season wrap party on Instagram Monday featuring lead stars Katherine Langford and Dylan Minnette, as well as cast members Michele Selene Ang, Ajiona Alexus, Ross Butler and Justin Prentice.
“And this year wraps up with another committed journey with @13reasonswhy -Season 2 is coming. To every person on this project, thank you for coming back,” Gomez captioned their set of photo booth strips.
“Good or bad we are committed to having the tough conversations, to telling the story that can start change,” they added.
And this year wraps up with another committed journey with @13reasonswhy -Season 2 is coming. To every person on this project, thank you for coming back. Good or bad we are committed to having the tough conversations, to telling the story that can start change. A post shared by Selena Gomez (@selenagomez) on Dec 11, 2017 at 10:37am PST
The critically acclaimed show, which Gomez executive produces, has been widely discussed since it first hit the streaming service in March. The series, about a deceased teenager and the 13 tapes they left their classmates about their reasons for committing suicide, draws its plot from Jay Asher's 2007 young adult novel of the same name.
And in the sophomore season expect to see many new faces. In August, Entertainment Weekly named Kelli O'Hara, Samantha Logan, Anne Winters, Bryce Cass, Chelsea Alden, Allison Miller and Ben Lawson as newcomers to the series.
📷 | Selena with the “13 Reasons Why” cast at their Season 2 wrap party! pic.twitter.com/YpRNtHKbFb — Selena Gomez News (@LifeWithSelG) December 11, 2017
In addition, on Monday, Langford, 21, earned their first-ever nomination for a Golden Globe in the category of best performance by an actor in a television series – drama.
Gomez congratulated the actor on Instagram, writing, “AND to this gorgeous, kind hearted lady. You endured this character with such strength and softness. @katherinelangford I am so proud you are being acknowledged for doing just that! GOLDEN GLOBE NOMINEE!!! Ladies are shining!”
Langford, who was nominated in the same category as Outlander‘s Caitriona Balfe, The Crown‘s Claire Foy, The Deuce‘s Maggie Gyllenhaal, and The Handmaid's Tale‘s Elisabeth Moss, released a statement following the nomination:
“Words can not express my sheer excitement and gratitude for being nominated by the HFPA this morning for portraying ‘Hannah Baker,' a young woman whom I have come to truly love and understand. Hannah's story resonated with so many people, and I feel truly grateful to Netflix, Paramount TV, Brian Yorkey, Tom McCarthy, Selena Gomez, and all of our tremendous producers…and to our incredibly talented cast – who are also my dear friends, and our wonderful crew for bringing this story to life,” Lanford wrote. “Most of all, my sincere hope is that the recognition continues to shine a light on so many of the important life issues and struggles we portray in 13 Reasons Why. I'm forever grateful to have been given this opportunity and will continue to work hard to bring dignity, respect, and grace to such a powerful character.”
13 Reasons Why is expected to premiere on Netflix in 2018.
case packers, trayformers, partition inserters, case erectors, bag inserters, bottle packers Source: Pearson Packaging Systems
R.A. Pearson Company is a leader in the design and manufacture of automated packaging machinery for corrugated and chipboard packages. We have over 40 years of industry experience, developing innovative packaging solutions for Fortune 500 clients around the world.
Our diverse product line includes Case Erectors, Case Packers, Plastic Bottle Packers, Multipackers, Beverage Carrier Erectors, Trayformers, Partition Inserters, Top Sealers, as well as machines for custom applications.
When you purchase a Pearson packaging machine, you can expect two things. The first is product quality. The second is a company-wide commitment to customer service excellence.
Pearson's service commitment is managed by our Customer Service and Service Parts teams. The Pearson Customer Service team handles all technical phone support, machinery installation, operator training programs, and regular maintenance service follow-ups. This group of highly skilled technicians is available 24 hours a day 7 days a week to answer your questions via our Customer Service Hotline at 1-800-PEARSON.
Pearson's commitment to service is also carried out by our team of Service Parts representatives. The Pearson Service Parts department delivers high quality spare and replacement parts, machinery update kits, and custom components daily to destinations all over the world. We carry a large quantity of spare and replacement parts, so if there is an immediate need, you can receive same-day service on stocked parts.
Purchasing Pearson means more than a machine and a manual. We stand behind every product we ship with a superior commitment that ensures its performance.
Protestors toppled a Confederate monument in Durham, N.C. on Monday night.
Video posted to Twitter shows protestors surrounding the statue and chanting “No KKK! No fascists! USA” as several protestors appear to pull down the statue with a rope.
WNCN reports the statue was dedicated in Durham in 1924 and was located in front of a local government building.
The statue represented a soldier who fought in the Civil War and an inscription on the front read “The Confederate States of America.”
One organizer of the protest told WNCN that toppling the statue was in response to the violence at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Va. this weekend.
“It needs to be removed,” organizer Loan Tran told the news station. “These Confederate statues in Durham, in North Carolina, all across the country.”
The Ohr-O'Keefe Museum of Art will hold a fundraiser titled "Palate to Palette" on March 8 from 6-9 p.m.
JOHANNESBURG - Most emerging economies are at the mercy of developed economies and financial markets, and monetary policy directives are effectively forced on them, hampering growth and political and financial stability.
It is often forgotten by economists and economic policymakers that most capital flows into emerging or developing economies are for the benefit of foreign investors, to profit from the improved financial conditions brought about by soaring commodity prices or other special situations, while similar high returns are hard to come by in developed markets.
When global growth prospects diminish, these scalpers bail out or even take the opposite stance by shorting the financial assets, resulting in a very weak currency. A country, its economy and citizens may end up in a weaker position than before the upswing.
To counter the often disastrous fallouts from short-term capital inflows by foreign scalpers and to put South Africa on a faster growth path, alternative ways to augment the monetary policy of the SA Reserve Bank (Sarb) are needed as soon as possible.
I took my cue from the policies followed by the central banks of the largest emerging economies in the world: China and Russia.
Unlike most other countries, China uses the reserve requirement ratio (RRR) as one of its main tools in setting and implementing monetary policy. The RRR is the amount of cash, as a percentage of deposits, that commercial and foreign institutions must hold as reserves at China's central bank, the Peoples Bank of China (PBoC). The PBoC's main challenge over the past 18 years was to sterilise huge fluctuations in foreign exchange flows, in order to control growth in money supply and fight inflation.
The RRR is raised when huge capital inflows are experienced, and to slow down economic growth, to keep inflation in check. The PBoC cuts the reserve requirement rate to increase banks' liquidity during times of significant capital outflows and to boost economic growth.
Interferes
The PBoC, as a ministry of the State Council, belongs to the central government directly, and the government interferes in the economy.
China's cabinet decisions over where some of the freed-up reserves should be lent are executed by the PBoC. For example, over the past six months the cuts in the RRR have been in line with the policy to encourage more targeted lending to vulnerable sectors of the economy, including small firms, agricultural production, innovation, the poor and education.
Other central banks rarely adjust the reserve requirements, because it may cause immediate liquidity problems for banks with low excess reserves. The PBoC developed tools to overcome liquidity problems caused by adjusting the RRR.
Although the Bank of Russia has both proprietary and financial independence, its capital and other property are federal property. Perhaps the main aspect of the Russian system is that, according to the Federal Law on the Central Bank of the Russian Federation, “the required reserve ratios may not exceed 20percent of a credit institution's liabilities and may be different for banks with universal licences, banks with basic licences, and non-bank credit institutions”.
Indication of health
The RRR is an indication of the health of the banking sector in the country. The current regulatory requirement under Basel 3, developed by the Bank for International Settlements after the 2007/09 financial crisis, is a capital adequacy ratio of 8percent, plus a country's specific buffer.
The current regulatory capital adequacy ratio in South Africa is 10percent (8percent under Basel 3, plus a buffer of 2percent) and is likely to peak at 10.5percent. The PwC Major Banks Analysis covers the four major banks in South Africa: FNB, Nedgroup, Absa and Standard Bank. Collectively, the time-weighted capital adequacy ratio of the four banks in 2017 was about 16.1percent, and it has fluctuated between 15.2percent and 16.1percent since 2012.
From reports following the Viceroy onslaught, Capitec's ratio is 36percent. According the World Bank and the IMF Global Financial Stability Report, which use a different algorithm than Basel 3, South Africa's bank capital to assets ratio in 2017 was 8.8percent and compared favourably to the 7.5percent of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development's member countries. The numbers, therefore, suggest that the South African banks are well capitalised.
More importantly, it means that the big four South African banks held 61percent in excess of the capital they were required to hold, given their risk weighted assets. With the four major banks' risk-weighted assets totalling R2947billion, it means that the excess total qualifying capital held by the banks amounts to nearly R180bn.
In terms of the size of the South African economy, it means that the banks have the capacity to increase their risk-weighted assets by the amount equal to 35percent of South Africa's gross domestic product (GDP) in current money terms and still be compliant with Basel 3's capital adequacy requirements. The top four banks' weighted assets averaged nearly 65percent of the country's GDP since 2012, while in 2017 they dropped to 63percent.
The accumulation of excess qualifying capital can be attributed to a significant slowdown in the growth of risk-weighted assets held by the banks, as the growth rate dropped to just more than 4percent in 2017, compared with 10percent in 2013 and 2014.
Growth in risk assets held by the big four banks is highly correlated with business confidence. Although consumer confidence sky-rocketed in the first quarter, business confidence remains lacklustre and is waning on the back of the trade tensions between the US and China.
Further interest rate cuts by the Sarb to stimulate the economy are highly unlikely.
Moral suasion
Moral suasion is one tool, and we have already seen President Cyril Ramaphosa making inroads to get the banking sector to assist in funding ailing parastatals.
Although it will not have a direct positive impact on the economy, it will at least provide some stability in regard to some essential resources. Moral suasion can perhaps be used to get the banks to reduce their interest rate margin on interest-earning advances and ease their lending standards
During trying times over the past three years, the Sarb stuck to its mandate in terms of section 224 of the Constitution: “The South African Reserve Bank, in pursuit of its primary object, must perform its functions independently and without fear, favour or prejudice, but there must be regular consultation between the bank and the cabinet member responsible for national financial matters.”
Entrenched
I am not questioning the independence and autonomy of the bank, as it is entrenched in the Constitution, but has the time not arrived for the Sarb to come to the party and be proactive to get the economy going, particularly in light of the uphill facing the global economy and financial markets? As mentioned earlier, China successfully uses the RRR as one of its main tools in setting and implementing monetary policy.
The health of the banking sector in South Africa is excellent, as excess total qualifying capital held by the banks amounts to nearly R180bn, or 5.5percent of total money supply (M3). Adding the setting of maximum limits for qualifying capital ratios for banks as a tool in setting and implementing monetary policy will not undermine the independence or autonomy of the Sarb, but it will assist the Sarb to ensure that the outcomes of policy changes are met.
Unlike China, where the PBoC belongs to the central government directly and where China's cabinet decisions as to where some of the freed-up reserves should be lent are executed by the PBoC, the Sarb will not be in a similar position if it adds maximum limits for qualifying ratios as a tool, as it is privately owned and operates under its own Act: the SA Reserve Bank Act 1989 (as amended).
Alternative ways to augment the Sarb's monetary policy exist, but it will require a major change in the mindset of labour, government, economists and the financial sector in this country to put South Africa on a faster growth path.
Ryk de Klerk is an independent analyst. Contact [email protected]
The views expressed here are not necessarily those of Independent Media.
- BUSINESS REPORT ONLINE
I was sick as a dog, half-packed for a track meet and trying to nap in my dorm when I learned my sister had taken their own life.
This was over five years ago. The memory may not strike the breath out of me anymore, but it is still clear and painful, and it frequently passes through my mind.
My sister was the oldest of six children. They were eight years older than me, but we were still pretty close. They were beautiful, vibrant, and the most life-filled person you could ever meet. Them ups and downs were frustrating to us, but I'm not sure we ever realized how precarious their situation was, or how we could help.
Losing them is something I'll never get over. There is no closure with suicide. All of the shock and numbness that come with the loss of a loved one is further complicated when you know it occurred because of an internal, mental, emotional, and spiritual battle that was lost.
***
“Even when it doesn't end in suicide, mental illness is a life-killer.”
***
Before this, mental illness was just something that a lot of people around me dealt with. It took losing something precious for me to realize just how deadly mental illness can be. Even when it doesn't end in suicide, mental illness is a life-killer.
Last summer, my husband and I were watching the NBA finals when we got a phone call that gave me the familiar, weak-kneed, heart pounding, breathless feeling. This time, it was my brother-in-law, John.
I only knew John for a few years, but I did love them as a brother. What strikes me about John is their intense love for family, how well they remembered what was happening in the lives of the people around him, and their desire to make their loved ones laugh.
Suicide—mental illness—has taken too much from my family. It's taken our loved ones. And I know we are not alone.
According to the Hope Network, one in five adults struggle with mental illness. Suicide is the third leading killer of people ages 10 to 24. Despite the widespread nature of this issue that only seems to be growing, they estimate that about 60 percent of mental illness goes untreated.
Mental illness has the ability to make people feel helpless—both those struggling with it inside themselves and the ones around them. But Hope Network believes that the key to beating mental illness is early intervention.
This is why my two sisters, my husband, my brother-in-law, and I are running the Hope Networks One in Five Marathon Relay. Four of us will run 5 miles, and the fifth runner will run 6.2 miles, representing the harder road people with mental illness have to run, often alone.
We will be wearing t-shirts with John and Elisabeth's names. They are emblazoned with Mount Hood and three nautical stars. Elisabeth loved skiing that mountain. The stars represent John because they had them tattooed on their arm in honor of their siblings whom they loved so dearly.
Julie Bourdon studied Literature and Creative Nonfiction at Cornerstone University. They and their husband live in Southeast Michigan with their cat Boba and dog Ridley, and they are expecting their first child.  They are working on a book to share more of their story of losing a sister to suicide–it's in the infant stages. She's a writer (and assistant producer and the editor) for Mission Network News.
Advertisements
Liège honours Tuesday's dead
30/5/18 – The people of the eastern city of Liège came together today to hold a minute's silence in honour of those killed during a suspected terrorist attack on Tuesday morning.
VRT ???media.video.type.mz_vod???
Liège honours Tuesday's dead
30/5/18 – The people of the eastern city of Liège came together today to hold a minute's silence in honour of those killed during a suspected terrorist attack on Tuesday morning.
Moss Point residents are reacting to the dismissal of the domestic abuse case against Mayor Mario King and their wife Natasha King.
The Anne Arundel County Veterans Commission will host the Military Veterans EXPO 2017 from 10:00 AM to 4:00 PM, Saturday April 22nd at Annapolis High School at 2700 Riva Road in Annapolis.
“This expo provides an excellent chance for veterans off all branches of the armed forces to find out more about benefits and services available to them,” said County Executive Steve Schuh. “The event is our way of thanking the more than 50,000 veterans in our county for their bravery and service to our nation.”
This EXPO is an educational and vocational event, which will provide attendees with information about benefits, services, and resources available to military families in our community. The expo is free and will include exhibits of vendors, organizations, and businesses.
The EXPO will kick off with a presentation of colors at 10:00 a.m. and offer exhibits and workshops throughout the day until 4:00 p.m.
County Executive Steve Schuh and Maryland Secretary of Veterans Affairs George W. Owens III will speak at this event. There will be information on veteran's financial assistance, housing, and medical care as well as presentations regarding employment opportunities, resume writing, and interviewing skills.
The Anne Arundel Veterans Commission was established in May 2009 and is an all-volunteer organization comprised of military veterans and County residents. The VAC serves as a forum for military veterans, maintains coordinated communication with county and local governments and businesses, and provides guidance and information.
If citizens want to learn more, they can contact Curtis D. Jones, VAC Expo Chair 2017 at (410) 841-9327 or Nancy Schrum, Anne Arundel County Constituent Services Director, at [email protected].
Related
Category: Events, LIFE IN THE AREA, Local News, NEWS, Post To FB
Bruno Project co-founder Doris Jolicoeur does not believe stray dogs were responsible for the recent mauling of two sea turtles there last week.
On Friday Yvonne Edwin of the Department of Fisheries expressed their outrage at the discovery of two dead leatherback loggerhead turtles, bearing among other things, teeth marks.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Skype
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
Telegram
Reddit
You've probably heard it time and again: "cameras are dying". Well, not according to Canon. The Japanese camera maker seems to be investing in a DSLR for every possible user, with the new EOS 77D fitting in beneath its 80D mid-ranger to carve out a new sub-category.
The most obvious benefit being that the 77D is more affordable. Starting at £829 (body only), the slightly smaller and lighter DSLR will appeal to those who don't need every single bell and whistle feature.
Ditch the 80D's weather-sealed body and, roughly speaking, that's what the 77D is all about. So does it make sense?
Brand new 24.2-megapixel sensor
Body isn't weather-sealed
Bluetooth control & file sharing
95 per cent field-of-view optical viewfinder
If you look across Canon's DSLR range you might be befuddled about the presence of the 77D and brand-new 800D in relation to the older 80D, 760D and 750D.
Compared to the 80D the 77D is much the same. There are five core differences: the body isn't weather-sealed; the sensor (while the same resolution) is an updated design; it's slightly smaller and lighter; the viewfinder has a 95 per cent field-of-view (not 100 per cent, as per 80D); and it comes with Bluetooth built-in for file-sharing and, should you buy the additional Bluetooth accessory control (£40), remote control features too.
45-point Dual Pixel AF autofocus system
Viewfinder-based and on-screen live preview
The core thing to take-away from the 77D is that it's got the top-notch 45-point Dual Pixel AF system as found in the 80D (and 800D).
Why's that important? It's great for using the camera either through the viewfinder or via the rear LCD screen. Because some phase-detection autofocus pixels are positioned on the imaging sensor itself the camera is far quicker when using the rear screen than many of Canon's older cameras.
It's as good as DSLR cameras get in this department - although, as we said of the 80D, it still can't quite outsmart the likes of Panasonic's Lumix G range of compact system cameras. Nonetheless, Canon's effort it still very impressive. It helps blur the lines between the two camera camps.
Of those 45-points all of them are cross-type, too, which means each of them is equally sensitive whether you're shooting in portrait or landscape orientation - so no limitations to your shooting preference there.
3-inch, 1040k-dot, tilt-angle touchscreen LCD
0.82x magnification, 95 per cent FoV optical finder
As we pointed one of the disappointing things about the 77D is its 95 per cent field-of-view optical viewfinder. It's not bad, per se, but that means you won't see the outermost five per cent of what you're going to capture during preview (with the 80D it's what-you-see-is-what-you-get 100 per cent).
The screen perhaps makes up for that. If anything, the 77D is a camera that's going to be used aplenty via its screen anyway. That it's mounted on a vari-angle bracket is great for lower-level work, especially as there's touchscreen control to simply click on the screen for focus.
We do still think that Canon could be more pinpoint specific with its on-screen focus types though. At the moment the subject tracking and crude single point AF options aren't nearly as versatile or rapid as, again, Panasonic's G-series of compact system cameras.
Top plate LCD
Settings lock switch
Top plate LCD
Despite not being weather-sealed, the 77D has plenty of the advanced buttons, knobs and dials that you'd expect of an advanced DSLR. Interestingly, however, Canon has introduced a Guide UI (user interface) which can be activated in the camera to assist with breaking-down the meaning of those various shooting modes. It's switched off by default (it's on by default in the 800D), so most users are unlikely to see it.
Like the 80D there are a number of decent higher-end features on the 77D, such as a light-up top plate LCD which can display the various camera settings. It's useful for a glance and knowing what settings are in play. There's also a lock switch to stop any accidental settings adjustment.
The materials that Canon has come to use in its DSLR cameras don't feel especially robust, however, with a more plasticky sense about them. Such materials are tough, however - heck, some of Canon's high-end kit doesn't feel especially sturdy/heavy - and proven to last well, so we're not worried about that. Just that it could look and feel aesthetically better.
24.2MP APS-C sensor is all new
Not a back-lit design
ISO 100-25,600 (51,200 extended)
Latest Digic 7 processor
Full HD video to 60fps
On paper the 77D's sensor looks to be the very same 24.2-megapixel one as you'll find in the 80D. That's not precisely the case, however, as it's a new construction, paired with the latest Digic 7 processor.
Will that make a huge difference to imaging potential? We doubt it. After all, despite Digic 7's higher speed as a processor, the 77D's maximum six frames per second (6fps) is one less than the older 80D's 7fps. Each camera has to find its own place in the lineup at the end of the day.
We're reaching a point where sensors of the same size, resolution and era are rendering results much the same as one another. There might be the smallest difference in the 77D's capability versus the 80D, but we suspect people won't know by eye. If you're tossing up which of the two cameras to buy then image quality shouldn't really come into it.
Canon continues its wont-do-4K approach in its DSLR lineup, however, a treat it reserves for its Cinema range. The 77D can muster 1080p at up to 60fps though, which is nothing to shake a stick at.
First Impressions
Want to buy an 80D but don't want the weather-sealed design? Then buy the 77D and save some cash. That's the approximate long and short of it, as these two cameras are mighty similar.
Ok, so the 77D lacks the top-end viewfinder with 100 per cent field-of-view, and it's not quite as fast either, but the differences between the two cameras are relatively marginal.
Which, all-in, makes for an impressive mid-ranger. The responsive 45-point autofocus system, vari-angle touchscreen and (ought to be) great image quality are all the hallmarks that many will be seeking from such a camera. And for less cash than the 80D? Can't argue with that.
However, we do wonder if Canon's burgeoning range is now a little too expansive and, therefore, confusing. With the 80D, 77D, 800D and 760D all rather close in their offerings you'll need to know precisely what you want from your kit to make the considered choice. But having choices in life isn't always a bad thing (and with Nikon's presence rarely apparent of late, Canon is making a shelf-nabbing move here).
IT'S official. Olivia is the most popular name for baby girls this year.
And the jury is out on whether the name Harrison has surged to the top spot for boys because of Star Wars actor Harrison Ford or Prince Harry, who also likely inspires the popularity of Henry.
Brisbane's Greenslopes Private Hospital, where an average of 1200 babies enter the world each year, has for the first time released a list of its most popular names.
Olivia, Zara, Zoe, Addison and Ava were the top five names for girls. For the boys, there was a four-way tie for first place between Harrison, Henry, Oliver and William.
Greenslopes maternity services manager Raechel Frost said there had been an increase in the number of parents choosing not to know the sex of the baby before birth.
Camera Icon Olivia, Zara, Zoe, Addison and Ava were the top five for girls Picture: istock
“We're seeing an increasing trend now of people who are unsure what they're going to have,” they said. “It's one of the last surprises we can have really.”
Ms Frost said there had also been a trend to putting a modern twist on traditional names, such as spelling Adeline as Adalyn.
“People get their influences from everywhere, and Star Wars is a huge phenomenon so it could well be an influencer,” they said.
The name Arlo has been popular this year, likely inspired by the main character in popular Disney movie The Good Dinosaur.
Mother-of-two Rhiannon Koppe named their newborn Olivia because they said they liked that it suited both a child and a woman.
“We picked Olivia because we thought it sounded very feminine,” they said. “And we like the abbreviations as well, like Livvy and Liv.”
Ms Koppe said they thought parents might be naming their sons Harrison because they wanted to call them Harry, but not Harold.
GIRLS
Olivia
Zara
Zoe
Addison
Ava
Emilia / Amelia
Charlotte
Matilda
Chloe
Emily
Camera Icon Here's the top baby names for 2017 Picture: istock
BOYS
Harrison
Henry
Oliver
William
Liam
Charlie
Jacob
Thomas
Archer
Ethan
The country lacks police officers and a massive recruitment for them in part to fight terrorists is underway, Acting Secretary Catalino Cuy of the Department of the Interior and Local Government told the Philippine Councilors' League (PCL) recently.
“We really lack police officers. That is why there is an ongoing massive recruitment for [new members of the Philippine National Police [PNP]but we cannot go beyond 10,000 [police officers]. Our training facilities will be too burdened if we go beyond that number,” Cuy said.
The PCL brought up the issue, saying the ideal police-to-population ratio has not been attained yet.
It noted a shortage of jail personnel and firefighters in the Bureau of Jail Management and Penology (BJMP) and the Bureau of Fire Protection (BFP).
“Two-thousand recruits would be processed in the BFP, while we will get additional 1,000 recruits for the BJMP,” Cuy said.
Assistant Director Vivian Suansing of Bureau of Local Government Supervision said the councilors' league supports the “massive recruitment” because terrorism is a major concern in the country.
“We added one more thing . So it is not just the campaign against drugs, corruption and criminality but, this time, ‘violent extremism [as a driving force behind the massive recruitment of police officers],'” Suansing added.
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Implementation of a deal for the return of a group of Syrian refugees and rebels to Syria from Lebanon was delayed on Saturday, with a military news outlet run by the Lebanese group Hezbollah saying it was due to "a logistical problem".
Some 300 Syrian rebels from a group called Saraya Ahl al-Sham in addition to 3,000 refugees were due to be transported back into Syria on Saturday under the agreement. A Lebanese source, speaking on condition of anonymity, said talks were continuing to resolve the problem, without saying what it was.
The Lebanese security official overseeing the arrangements, General Abbas Ibrahim, said on Friday that under the agreement a group of civilians would return to a Syrian government-held area, while the fighters and their families would go to another area of Syria which they did not identify.
Thousands of Syrian refugees returned to Syria from the same area of the Lebanese-Syrian frontier earlier this month in a similar agreement. Militants from the Nusra Front group left with them under that deal, leaving with the civilians to the rebel-held Idlib province in Syria.
Their departure followed military defeat at the hands of Hezbollah, an Iran-backed Lebanese group that is fighting in support of the Syrian government.
Surveillance State: Nunes Memo Shows Gross FBI/NSA Abuse of FISA system
On today's episode of Loud & Clear, Brian Becker and John Kiriakou are joined by Dan Kovalik, a human rights and labor lawyer who is the author of “The Plot to Scapegoat Russia” and by Kevin Zeese, they are the co-coordinator of Popular Resistance.
The highly anticipated "Nunes memo" was released today, showing what appears to be serious abuse of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act to conduct surveillance on the Trump campaign during the 2016 election based solely on an opposition research dossier prepared by former British spy Christopher Steele.
Today, US Defense Secretary Jim Mattis warned Syria not to launch chemical weapons attacks on civilians, noting, "you've all seen how we reacted to that"… and this "would be ill advised." They added, though, that there is no evidence that any attack has been committed. Brian and John speak with Rick Sterling, an investigative journalist and member of the Syria Solidarity Movement.
As the stock market suffers heavy losses, Bitcoin is headed for its biggest weekly loss this week since December 2013, with values dipping under $8,000 for the first time since November. In the jobs report, January saw 200,000 jobs added. Daniel Sankey, a financial policy analyst, joins the show.
Medicaid is one of the most important and innovative programs in government, helping millions of Americans--in both the lower and middle economic strata — since its creation. Now it's under attack from Republicans, who see it as wasteful. We're going to start about the state of Medicaid and what comes next. Leonardo Cuello, an attorney and the director of health policy for the National Health Law Program, and Dr. Margaret Flowers, a medical doctor and the co-coordinator of Popular Resistance, join Brian and John.
We'd love to get your feedback at radio@sputniknews.com
Leitrim's Déarbhla Rooney will fight for a gold medal on Wednesday at the European Youth Boxing Championships in Roesto degli Abruzzi in central Italy after the Manorhamilton fighter sensationally won their semi-final.
Up against the impossing Valeri Radinova of Russia in a tough and bruising semi-final on Tuesday afternoon, Déarbhla won the fight 3-2 on the Judge's scorecard, with three judges giving them the win 29-28 and the other two scoring it 28-29 for the Russian.
Déarbhla will fight Slovakia's Jessica Triebelar in the Final on Wednesday after the Slovakian saw off their Germany opponent 29-28, 30-27, 29-28, 29-28, 29-28.
MORE IN TOMORROW'S LEITRIM OBSERVER
Changing our lifestyles and the way we travel could have as big - if not more of an impact on CO2 transport emissions, as electric vehicles and the transport technology revolution, according to new Oxford University research.
Published in Energy Efficiency, the study uses Scotland as an example and suggests that, radical lifestyle change can show quicker results than the gradual transition to Electric Vehicles and phasing out of conventional petrol and diesel vehicles.
Scotland has committed itself to reduce carbon emissions by 80% of 1990 levels by 2050. For transport, this includes international aviation and shipping which makes the targets more difficult to achieve.
Led by Dr Christian Brand, Senior Research Fellow and Associate Professor at the Environmental Change Institute and Transport Studies Unit, in collaboration with colleagues Jillian Anable from the University of Leeds and Craig Morton at the University of Loughborough, the paper explores how plausible changes in the way we travel might reduce energy use and emissions in Scotland over the next three decades, in light of the 5-year carbon budgets up to 2050 and beyond.
"Our study explores how Scotland might achieve these targets in the transport sector. We find that both lifestyle change - such as making fewer and shorter journeys, sharing existing journeys, or shifting to walking, cycling and clean public transport - and a comprehensive strategy around zero emission technologies are needed, but that they have limits to meeting our CO2 targets, in particular beyond 2030" explains lead author, Oxford Scientist Dr Christian Brand.
The findings suggest that, only through prioritisation of both demand- (lifestyle, social and cultural change) and supply-side (new technology) transport solutions, might we have a chance of curbing carbon emissions in line with the United Nation's 1.5C Climate Change Agreement. The co-benefits of such change to human health and the NHS are enormous.
"The newfound urgency of 'cleaning up our act' since the Paris Climate Change Agreement in 2016 and Dieselgate scandal suggests that we cannot just wait for the technology fix," says Dr Christian Brand.
Traditionally governments have prioritised technology fixes and supply-side transport solutions to the carbon emission problem.
However, the authors suggest that a long-term carbon and air quality emission-cutting strategy should consider both demand- and supply-side transport solutions, for the best chance of success.
Change will need to be led by consumers, policymakers and industry alike, they say.
"We need to look at how we can inspire and support consumer lifestyle changes - in travel patterns, mode and vehicle choice, vehicle occupancy - to be in with a chance of reducing our carbon emissions in line with legislated targets and travelling on the 'Road to Zero' faster, further and more flexible."
###
Notes to editors
Article link: https:/ / link. springer. com/ article/ 10. 1007%2Fs12053-018-9678-9
Using data from Scottish National Statistics, the GB National Travel Survey and demographic and economic projections, they explore the various energy and environmental outcomes for four contrasting transport futures:
1. A future when increased awareness of climate change inspires lifestyle change in travel patterns, mode and vehicle choice, vehicle occupancy; 2. A future when electric vehicle technology and petrol/diesel 'phase out' reduce carbon emissions; 3. A future that considers both social and technological changes; 4. And a future that assumes no social or technological changes.
This research was undertaken for the UK Energy Research Centre and the ClimateXChange Centre of Expertise in Scotland.
For further information please contact Lanisha Butterfield, Media Relations Manager on 01865 280531 or email lanisha. butterfield@admin.ox.ac.uk
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — U.S. Sen. Pat Roberts is defending the Senate filibuster rule amid some unusual backlash from their Republican House colleagues and constituents at a conference of independent oil and gas producers.
But Roberts concedes Republicans may have to do away with it in order to pass their agenda.
The sometimes testy exchanges Monday came at the convention of the Kansas Independent Oil and Gas Association.
Rep. Lynn Jenkins won scattered applause when they called for getting rid of the filibuster, saying Congress is “crippled” right now.
Roberts says Republican control of the Senate can easily flip, noting they have been in the minority more often than they have been in the majority.
Rep. Kevin Yoder reminded people that health care repeal failed even though it only needed 51 votes to pass.
[India] December 12 (ANI): The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Tuesday said Rahul Gandhi's elevation to Congress' top post did not take place on the basis of performance, hinting that it was mere a coronation exercise.
"I congratulate Rahul Gandhi on their promotion as the Congress president which happened without taking their performance into consideration," BJP leader Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi told ANI.
"When the Congress party was in power, they used to frequently get out due to hit-wicket, and in the Opposition, they had been throwing 'no-balls'. It is hoped that since they are a Congress president now, they will watch the pitch carefully and play accordingly," Naqvi added.
Another BJP leader Subramanian Swamy said the Congress could have had the elevation as a consensus decision or the working committee could have unanimously proposed their name as there was no challenger. "Why so much drama? If they had wanted to go through a process then they should have gone through a proper system, but they did not do that," Swamy added. The 47-year-old Gandhi scion was formally declared as the Congress president on Monday night. Confirming the elevation, Congress' Central Election Authority Chairman Mullapally Ramchandran said the committee had received 89 nomination papers, all proposing the name of Rahul for the coveted post. Rahul filed their nomination papers for the post of the party chief at the India Congress Committee (AICC) headquarters on December 4. Rahul has succeeded their mother Sonia Gandhi, who held the post for nearly two decades. They will take over the reins of the party on December 16. (ANI)
(Adds company news and futures)
Dec 11 (Reuters) - Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening 31 points higher at 7,393.96 on Monday, according to financial bookmakers, with futures up 0.30 percent ahead of the cash market open.
* DEVRO: British sausage-skin maker Devro Plc said its Chief Executive Peter Page had agreed with the board to step down after the company's annual results in February.
* UNILEVER: Apollo Global Management, U.S. agricultural trader Archer Daniels Midland and former chief executive of Germany's Grohe, David Haines, are preparing to submit a new bid in a $7 billion auction for Unilever's spreads business, the Financial Times reported on Saturday. (http://on.ft.com/2AmmC8V)
* LONDON STOCK EXCHANGE: The London Stock Exchange Group has begun interviewing candidates for chief executive, a sign of the board's growing confidence it will fend off an activist investor's attempt to oust the chairperson, the Financial Times reported. (http://on.ft.com/2iRcaLy) * BRITAIN-BANKS: Britain's smaller banks are lining up to apply for multi-million pound grants the government hopes will help them compete in the corporate banking market. * OIL: Oil prices fell on Monday, pulled down as the latest rise in the U.S. rig count pointed to a further increase in American production, potentially undermining efforts led by OPEC to tighten markets. * GOLD: Gold prices were steady early on Monday, holding above a four-month low hit last week, amid a firm dollar. * BRITAIN-EU: Businesses fretting about Brexit should get reassurance early in the new year that little will change for a couple of years after Britain leaves the European Union in less than 16 months, EU officials said on Friday. * The UK blue chip index closed up 1.2 percent on Friday, as sterling fell back, dented by investors banking their gains in the currency which has swung violently as negotiations unfolded. * For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets TODAY'S UK PAPERS > Financial Times > Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit http://topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : http://topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Harish Bhaskar)
A judge declined to set bond for an Ohio man during their first court appearance after allegedly ramming a vehicle into a crowd of people demonstrating against a white supremacist rally Saturday in Charlottesville, Va.
Charlottesville resident Heather Heyer was killed, and at least 19 other people were in injured in the attack.
The Charlottesville Police Department said Saturday that James Alex Fields Jr., 20, of Maumee, Ohio, was charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and run.
During today's Charlottesville court hearing, as NPR's Debbie Elliott reports, Fields "appeared by video from jail, dressed in a gray and white-striped prison jumpsuit."
Fields told Judge Robert Downer that they could not afford a lawyer. "Downer assigned a court-appointed attorney to represent Fields, and set another hearing for Aug. 25," Debbie adds. "Until then, the judge said, Fields would remain in jail with no bond in part because they have no ties to the area."
The Associated Press adds that the judge told the court that the "public defenders' office informed them it could not represent Fields because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest."
Rizzo, Schwarber lead Cubs to 5-3 victory over Tigers
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-4', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 4', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Charles Rex Arbogast, AP Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 Detroit Tigers' Niko Goodrum, left, catches Chicago Cubs' David Bote trying to steal second after Bote slid past the bag during the sixth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Chicago. Detroit Tigers' Niko Goodrum, left, catches Chicago Cubs' David Bote trying to steal second after Bote slid past the bag during the sixth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Chicago. Photo: Charles Rex Arbogast, AP Image 2 of 4 Detroit Tigers starting pitcher Michael Fulmer wipes the sweat from their face during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Chicago Cubs, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Chicago. Detroit Tigers starting pitcher Michael Fulmer wipes the sweat from their face during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Chicago Cubs, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Chicago. Photo: Charles Rex Arbogast, AP Image 3 of 4 Chicago Cubs' Anthony Rizzo flips their bat after hitting into a fielder's choice off Detroit Tigers relief pitcher Daniel Stumpf during the seventh inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Chicago. Jason Heyward scored. less Chicago Cubs' Anthony Rizzo flips their bat after hitting into a fielder's choice off Detroit Tigers relief pitcher Daniel Stumpf during the seventh inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Chicago. ... more Photo: Charles Rex Arbogast, AP Image 4 of 4 Rizzo, Schwarber lead Cubs to 5-3 victory over Tigers 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
CHICAGO (AP) — Anthony Rizzo drove in their second run of the game in the seventh inning to snap a tie, Kyle Schwarber followed with a solo homer in the eighth and the Chicago Cubs rebounded from an early three-run deficit to edge the Detroit Tigers 5-3 on Tuesday for their fifth straight win.
With one out in the seventh, Jason Heyward and Ben Zobrist singled off Tigers reliever Daniel Stumpf (1-4). Rizzo's slow bouncer up the middle resulted in a force of Zobrist at second, but Jose Iglesias' throw to first was too late to double up Rizzo and Heyward scored from third to put Chicago ahead for the first time, 4-3.
Schwarber hit their team-leading 17th homer to right against a steady wind off Lake Michigan in the eighth.
Trailing 3-0, Albert Almora, Jr. and Heyward each drove in a run with a double, then Rizzo followed with an RBI single in Chicago's three-run fifth.
Detroit leadoff hitter Mikie Mahtook had three singles and scored a run. Niko Goodrum drove in a run with a double, and Jeimer Candelario and James McCann each had an RBI as the Tigers lost their 12th game in their past 14.
Justin Wilson (3-2), Chicago's second reliever, worked around an error to pitch a scoreless seventh and earn the win. Pedro Strop pitched a scoreless ninth for their second save in four chances.
Cubs starter Kyle Hendricks labored through five innings, allowing three runs and seven hits in a no-decision. In their past six starts, the right-hander is 1-4 with 6.75 ERA.
Tigers starter Michael Fulmer went six innings and allowed three runs — all in the fifth — and seven hits.
The Tigers jumped out to a 2-0 lead in the first. After Mahtook and Nick Castellanos led off with singles, Candelario drove in a run with a groundout. Goodrum's double to the right-field corner scored the second run.
The Tigers added a run in the fourth on McCann's RBI single.
The Cubs tied it 3-all in the fifth. Pinch-hitter Tommy LaStella, Almora and Heyward led off with consecutive doubles to cut it to 3-2, then Rizzo's hit with one out tied it.
WINDY CITY TIGER
INF/OF Jim Adduci, called up from Triple-A Toledo on Sunday, was in Detroit's lineup at first base and singled and scored in their first game this season. The 33-year-old attended Evergreen Park High School in Chicago's south suburbs and grew up a fan of both the Cubs and White Sox. Adduci's father, also named Jim, played a total of 70 games with three major league teams in the 1980s and was at Wrigley Field on Tuesday.
TRAINER'S ROOM:
Cubs: INF/OF Kris Bryant (left shoulder inflammation) could return on Wednesday or Friday, manager Joe Maddon said before the game. The Cubs star has been sidelined since June 22. ... RHP Yu Darvish (right triceps inflammation, right elbow impingement/inflammation) rejoined the Cubs after seeing Dr. Keith Meister in Texas on Friday and getting a cortisone shot. Maddon said they hadn't yet talked to right-hander about their progress following the injection.
UP NEXT:
Tigers LHP Francisco Liriano (3-4. 3.99) takes the mound against Cubs LHP Jose Quintana (6-6. 4.31) on Wednesday afternoon in the finale of the two-game interleague set. Liriano has lost both of their starts since coming off the disabled list (right hamstring strain) on June 23. Quintana has two losses and three no-decisions in their past five starts and hasn't won since May 31.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The world is facing tremendous increase in the incidence of diabetes mellitus, cardiac problems, and vitamin deficiency. For combating these challenges, cost-effective and complementary therapies are required. Diabetes has now been classified as a vascular disease and the cost of treating and controlling the micro-vascular component is a serious problem, specifically in developing countries. Niacinamide or nicotinamide is an essential vitamin and also an essential constituent of co-enzymes found in the mammalian systems. Nicotinamide is a member of the vitamin B complex. It is generally soluble in water.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/nicotinamide-market.html
Deficiency of nicotinamide can be initially observed with symptoms such as weakness, indigestion, lassitude, anorexia, and irritability, which can lead to diarrhea and dementia. The chemical name of nicotinamide is 3-pyridinecarboxamide. It can be directly synthetized by the human body. In human body, nicotinamide is easily absorbed by the gastro-intestinal (GI) tract. Major dietary sources of nicotinamide are meat, milk, and grains. Physically, nicotinamide is a solid powder with water solubility of 691–1000 grams/liter and vapor pressure of 31.4 hPa at room temperature.
Nicotinamide is a highly important ingredient used in food products to enhance their nutritional value. It is extensively used in bakery products, cereals, and beverages. It is also a type of dietary supplement. It is incorporated in supplements such as tablets and capsules. Nicotinamide is employed in cosmetics as a hair- and skin-conditioning agent. It is also used for the treatment of chronic schizophrenia, diabetes mellitus, and alcoholism. Nicotinamide is undergoing clinical trials for its antidiabetic and neuroprotective effects, so as to use it in pharmaceutical drugs.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20735
Nicotinamide can be synthesized by using 3-picoline. Nicotinic acid or amide can be selectively oxidized to form nicotinamide, with the production of a carboxyl derivative and a few byproducts. The production of nicotinamide can be intensified by enzymatic conversion or biosynthesis. Nicotinamide is extensively employed in a variety of processes carried out in pharmaceuticals, cosmeceuticals, animal nutrition, metal brighteners, and metal plating industries. Nicotinamide is used in pharmaceutical applications that are meant for maintaining healthy cholesterol levels and sound heart functioning in humans. The increasing demand for nicotinic acid for use in various dietary supplements, food products, and pharmaceuticals is driving the global market for nicotinamide.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
We only caught our first glimpse of the XPS 13 2-in-1 laptop earlier today but Dell has used the first day of CES to officially unveil the new model. The XPS 13 2-in-1 actually has four usable modes: laptop, tablet, stand and tent and Dell claims it's the "smallest 13-inch 2-in-1 device on the planet". Of course, the new XPS 13 faces stiff competition from Microsoft's Surface Book, but Dell has been quick to point out several areas where the XPS trumps Microsoft's machine.
The Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 is 16 percent smaller than the Surface Book, is 40 percent thinner and 20 percent lighter. So if you're in the market for an ultra portable power laptop, the Dell should be on your radar.
If you order one of the new machines, you'll be able to choose from two different display options, an UltraSharp Quad HD+ with 5.7 million crystals or a regular 1930 x 1080 full HD display. No matter which option you go for, the screen will be coated in an anti-reflective material and will offer 170 degree viewing angles.
Dell has paid particular attention to the battery for the new XPS 13 2-in-1, and has fitted a 46WHr to both screen variants. The Quad HD+ screen model with Core i7 processor, 16GB RAM and 1TB SSD claims to offer 7 hours of streaming via Netflix, while the full HD model with 4GB RAM and 128GB SSD should be good for 10 hours. If streaming movies isn't your thing and you want to use the XPS 13 for doing work, you'll be able to get around 15 hours of use from the full HD model.
There's a range of processors, RAM and storage options available for both models. Processor is all Intel Kaby Lake and come in 3.2Ghz Core i5 and 3.6GHz Core i7 variants, RAM can be either 4GB, 8GB or 8GB and storage can be 128GB, 256GB, 512GB or 1TB SSD.
Both full HD and Quad HD models get two USB Type-C ports, Thunderbolt 3 port, microSD card reader, display port and 3.5mm headphone jack. There's no traditional USB Type-A port on either machine, but Dell will ship each one with an adapter.
The XPS 13 2-in-1 will also get a fingerprint scanner, something that had been previously predicted and will be available to order in a few days time from 5 January with prices starting at $1000.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS -- Valentine's Day is finally upon us and for many young couples, today is all about the gifts. But for many, that young love is short lived. For these long time lovers, this day is less about gifts and more about the love.
But for two longtime lovers, this day is less about gifts and more about the love.
“I still love them and always will,” Phoebus Koutras said. “The point is you can't just pin that on just one day of the year. You have to do it every day of the year.”
Longtime Valentines Phoebus and Helen have been married for 56 years. They bumped into each other on a cruise in Greece.
“We were coming back from a trip and literally bumped into each other,” Phoebus said.
Helen remembers that day fondly, “I said to my friends 'He is very serious, this one.”
“That's because you stepped on my toe, that's why," Phoebus told their wife.
But the question remains: how do you keep the romance alive after more than 55 years of marriage?
“They should emphasize the closeness to each other, and the communications side of it. Because if you don't communicate properly then you end up with a problem.”
After 3 kids and five grandchildren, they still have plenty of love left.
“She looks gorgeous after all these years. They don't even wear makeup!” Phoebus said.
“He still goes for looks!” Helen said.
[India], April 25 (ANI): Following the clashes that erupted over the filing of fresh nominations for the panchayat elections in the state, the victims are scheduled to meet President Ram Nath Kovind on Wednesday.
On Monday, nearly 30 Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) workers were attacked after violence erupted in West Bengal's Birbhum district, claiming one life.
The clash broke out between the Trinamool Congress (TMC) and BJP supporters during filing of nominations for the panchayat elections.
In this regard, West Bengal BJP Vice President Biswapriya Roy Chowdhury said the affected victims will address the matter before President Kovind as well as in the party office, for which they are being brought to New Delhi. Terming the clash an "attack on democracy," Chowdhury said that such a situation was not new to the state. "In West Bengal, democracy is under threat in the reign of the TMC government. This situation has been prevalent in the state for long, but the administration has not taken any action. 30-35 BJP workers have been attacked, who did not go for nominations. We will go to Delhi and present the case before the President and in the party headquarters," they said. Echoing a similar view, the wife of the man who was killed in the clashes alleged that the death of their husband was an attack by the TMC. They further alleged that they were threatened by the ruling party. Incidents of violence were reported from Murshidabad, Malda and South 24 Parganas districts on Monday. Earlier in the month, six police officers were injured when the BJP and TMC workers engaged in a clash that broke out at Usti in South 24 Parganas district over the filing of nominations. On a related note, the panchayat polls in West Bengal will take place between May 1 to May 7 and the counting will take place on May 8. (ANI)
Freeform's Famous in Love wrapped its second season on Wednesday with another appropriately Hollywood ending — though not necessarily a happy one.
A quick recap of the hour: Though they haven't left yet, Paige decided to enroll in the University of Oregon as a theater major (“If Hollywood is meant to be, it'll still be there when I finish college”); Rainer celebrated the critics' praise of Locked by kissing Paige on the studio lot; after being nominated for an Oscar, Jordan found out they aren't facing jail time; Jake and Billy finally gave into temptation; and Alexis' scheme to get their reality show cancelled ended with them being trapped in a psych ward.
As for this season's big cliffhanger, the episode ended with a furious Pablo kicking down Tangey's hotel room door after they accused them of cheating on them with Jordan. Speaking of Jordan, the Oscar nominee ran to their rescue… so who did the paramedics bring that stretcher for?
Below, executive producer Marlene King breaks down the finale's biggest twists and offers a glimpse at what Season 3 might hold:
TVLINE | Let's start with that sequence of Paige in the plane, which we first saw in the pilot. It felt like a very full-circle moment, but why now?
Even though we're only doing 10-episode seasons, it's been a year and a half — almost two years — since the events of the pilot, so I didn't want to take any more time than this.
TVLINE | What's more likely to happen between seasons: A time jump so Paige can finish college, or them changing their mind and staying in LA?
All bets are off. The writers' room did a great job of leaving us with a ton of cliffhangers that will pay off fairly early next season.
TVLINE | Have you heard about a third season?
Well, I hope everybody watches tonight live — or as soon as possible — so we can get our pickup.
TVLINE | I mean, if you don't get picked up, I shudder to think of what'll happen to poor Alexis in the psych ward.
Right? We can't leave them there forever!
TVLINE | Of all the twists in the finale, one of the most surprising was Paige and Rainer's kiss. I'd kind of forgotten about their relationship.
But I don't think they forgot about each other. Coming off their trip to New York and those stolen looks they had with each other, I thought there was no way Rayner would let this moment go without reminding us of their chemistry. I get goosebumps when I think about it. As a fan of this show, I just wanted them to grab them and kiss them All of those characters are so raw right now in this episode, that both of those characters wanted to connect with each other.
TVLINE | Jake and Billy's kiss was less surprising, considering how that tension has been building.
I love that character. They tried to keep the balance, but with their chemistry and where they were in their lives create this undeniable hole that can be filled with their relationship.
TVLINE | Are you hoping people warm up to the idea of Jake and Billy as a couple?
Jake's taking a lot of heat online right now. They were such a good guy in Season 1, and we really wanted to give [Charlie DePew] the chance to make some mistakes with their character. I think they really rose to the occasion; it's been fun watching them not play the perfect boy next door.
TVLINE | Sloane and Harper were both great additions this season. Will they back in a potential third season, given how busy both actores are?
Yeah, we've sort of made arrangements for their characters to continue if they're a part of the story. I don't think either of them will go away completely. Both actores are great to work with and they're both great assets to the show.
TVLINE | I know you won't tell me who it is, but do you know who ends up in the stretcher?
We do. We've outlined the broad strokes of Season 3, so we know where it starts and how it ends — shall our fans insist upon a Season 3 for us, and I hope it will.
TVLINE | Of all the characters you're breaking story for, whose are you most excited to tell?
All of them. I can't pick. I'm so excited for where we take the show in Season 3. We pitched it to the network and the studio and they were over the moon. So fingers crossed. Season 1 established who we were, Season 2 let us really dive into these characters, and in Season 3, we get to take them even further down the rabbit hole.
Your thoughts on Famous in Love‘s season ender? Grade the finale below, then drop a comment with your hopes for a potential Season 3.
–
Gatorade Press Release
CHICAGO (December 11, 2017) — In its 33rd year of honoring the nation's best high school athletes, The Gatorade Company, today announced Will Such of Cranston High School West as its 2017-18 Gatorade Rhode Island Football Player of the Year. Such is the first Gatorade Rhode Island Football Player of the Year to be chosen from Cranston High School West. The award, which recognizes not only outstanding athletic excellence, but also high standards of academic achievement and exemplary character demonstrated on and off the field, distinguishes Such as Rhode Island's best high school football player. Now a finalist for the prestigious Gatorade National Football Player of the Year award to be announced in December, Such joins an elite alumni association of state award-winners in 12 sports, including Mitchell Trubisky (2012-13, Mentor High School, Ohio), Greg Olsen (2002-03, Wayne Hills High School, N.J.), Matthew Stafford (2005-06 Highland Park High School, Texas), Harrison Smith (2006-07 Knoxville Catholic High School, Tenn.), Latavius Murray (2007-08, Onondaga High School, N.Y.), Brock Osweiler (2008-09, Flathead High School, Mont.) and Leonard Fournette (2014-15 & 2012-13, St. Augustine High School, La.). The 6-foot-2, 220-pound senior running back and linebacker rushed for 1,476 yards and 15 touchdowns this past season, leading the Falcons (6-5) to the Division I state quarterfinals. Such also caught eight passes for 126 yards and three scores before breaking their leg in the team's regular-season finale. Defensively, they recorded 112 tackles, 12 for loss, four sacks and two forced fumbles. Such has volunteered locally with Running for Remission, a road race to benefit Hasbro Children's Hospital, and they have donated their time to multiple community-service initiatives through their church. “Will Such almost single-handedly beat us,” said Charlie Bibeault, head coach of Woonsocket High. “He has everything you could want in a high school player: size, speed and strength. You could tell they were the heartbeat behind that team.” Such has maintained a 3.73 GPA in the classroom. They remain undecided upon a collegiate destination. The Gatorade Player of the Year program annually recognizes one winner in the District of Columbia and each of the 50 states that sanction high school football, girls volleyball, boys and girls cross-country, boys and girls basketball, boys and girls soccer, baseball, softball, and boys and girls track & field, and awards one National Player of the Year in each sport. The selection process is administered by the Gatorade Player of the Year Selection Committee, which work with top sport-specific experts and a media advisory board of accomplished, veteran prep sports journalists to determine the state winners in each sport. Such joins recent Gatorade Rhode Island Football Players of the Year Kwity Paye (2016-17, Bishop Hendricken High School), Nick Andreozzi (2015-16, East Greenwich High School), Alfred Dorbor (2014-15, St. Raphael Academy), Matt Sewall (2013-14, Portsmouth High School), Anthony Francis (2012-13, La Salle Academy), Josh Morris (2011–12, La Salle Academy), Ben Willett (2010-11, Portsmouth High School), and Mike Read (2009-10, Barrington High School) among the state's list of former award winners. As a Gatorade Player of the Year, Such will be able to select a national or local youth sports organization to receive a grant as part of the Gatorade Play It Forwards program. Every Gatorade Player of the Year state winner receives a $1,000 grant to donate and will have the opportunity to enter for an additional $10,000 spotlight grant by writing a brief essay explaining why their selected organization deserves additional support. 12 spotlight grants – one for each sport – will be announced throughout the year. To keep up to date on the latest happenings, become a fan of Gatorade Player of the Year on Facebook and follow the conversation on Twitter #GatoradePOY. For more on the Gatorade Player of the Year program, including nomination information, a complete list of past winners and the announcement of the Gatorade National Player of the Year, visit http://playeroftheyear.gatorade.com/. ###
The plans for Broadmeadow's sporting Centre of Excellence have been unveiled today.
The centre will act as a headquarters for the Newcastle Knights, while also providing a base high performance training.
It will feature three new training fields and multi-purpose facilities.
The Government and the Wests Group will both put $10 million towards the project.
The building will be constructed adjacent to the Southern Grandstand of McDonald Jones Stadium.
It's thought the Newcastle Jets will also use the centre as their home base.
Image: Supplied by the Minister for Sport's office.
Caitlyn Jenner will not be among the guests at their son Brody‘s wedding, PEOPLE confirms.
Brody, 34, is set to tie the knot with their longtime fiancée Kaitlynn Carter in Nihi, Sumba Island, any day now, but according to a source close to the family, Caitlyn, 68, “has work commitments that have been set up for months and couldn't be changed in the end.”
Nevertheless, the source says “everything is good” between the two, adding that Caitlyn “will be throwing a big party for them when the newlyweds return to town.”
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
Caitlyn Jenner and Brody Jenner Earl Gibson III/Getty
Caitlyn, who shares Brody and their brother Brandon, 36, with ex-wife Linda Thompson, has been involved in the couple's past wedding festivities, celebrating their future daughter-in-law in April when they attended their bridal shower at the Santa Anita Park racetrack in Los Angeles.
“Went to my first bridal shower,” Caitlyn captioned a photo of them and Carter, 29. “I had so much fun! PS so much better than Bachelor parties!”
“I'm so happy you were there!!!” Carter commented on the post. “It meant a lot to me!!”
RELATED VIDEO: Kendall Jenner Talks Them Sexuality, Stormi and Sitting Out Fashion Month
Other prominent family members that won't be attending the nuptials? Brody's half-sisters Kendall and Kylie Jenner, 22 and 20, respectively, whom he's grown estranged from in recent years. (He recently admitted they were kept in the dark about Kylie's pregnancy.)
“My two little sisters, we never even heard from them,” Brody recently told PEOPLE. “They never even RSVP'd, I don't think.”
“We sent them an invite but we just never heard anything back,” they added. “Well, they'll be missed. I would have loved to have had them there.”
THE concerns over Graham Arnold's candidacy for the Socceroos job, plus the questions facing Kevin Muscat as Melbourne Victory flounder.
That and more was covered in the Fox Football Podcast!
Fox Sports' Adam Peacock is joined by Simon Hill and the Daily Telegraph's Tom Smithies to review Round 10 of the A-League
THE CONCERNS COUNTING AGAINST ARNIE FOR ROOS JOB
GRAHAM Arnold has long shaped as the leading Australian contender for the vacant Socceroos job.
Now, the Fox Football Podcast has discussed the concerns over the Sydney FC boss.
Daily Telegraph football writer Tom Smithies said Arnold's pragmatic style of play could count against him.
“The opposition to him, I reckon, or the concerns over them are summed up by someone who said to me ‘I don't want my Socceroos at 1-0 after 60 minutes, sending on the equivalent of Matt Simon and putting the ball in the corner', which is what Sydney do sometimes — Matt Simon comes on just to cause havoc,” Smithies said on the Fox Football Podcast.
When asked whether he'd prefer that approach if Australia needed three points against Peru, Smithies said that underlined the FFA's quandary.
“But that goes to the heart of this whole philosophical question, doesn't it?” they said.
“Are we going to send a coach and a squad to Russia with a brief to just go out and go for it and take on the world? Or are we going to send Arnie?”
Camera Icon Graham Arnold and Alex Brosque. (Photo by Brett Hemmings/Getty Images) Picture: Getty Images
Fox Sports commentator Simon Hill said while they backed the Sydney FC boss' coaching ability they questioned how Arnold would handle the pressure and scrutiny of the job.
“The one thing I would say about Arnie, and I actually respect it, they say they respect defence. They know that you need a good defence — and let's be honest, that's what we've all been complaining about with the Socceroos over the last 12 months: that they look open for business defensively,” Hill said.
“So you're right that it's a philosophical discussion. My issue with Arnie has nothing do with their coaching ability — it's more to do with the fact that when things go wrong, and this has been proven in the past, Arnie doesn't necessarily react well under pressure.
“It's all great at the moment, they're top of the league, they were last season, they're flying. But when things go wrong, they tend to fall out with people, they tend to pick fights with people … he's picked one with various media people down the years and they get defensive, they get angry.
“Okay, they can do that to an extent at club level. When you're leading your country, and the whole nation is watching — we've seen it with Ange, who we thought was unflappable — they got very much like that. That's the pressure of the job, because there's so much scrutiny.
“You know, Arnie's been there before and I don't think they handled it particularly well. If you remember the Asian Cup — I know it was 10 years ago, I know he's grown as a coach and as a human being and all that sort of stuff since — but they didn't deal with it necessarily well, so that's my question.”
Camera Icon Graham Arnold. (Photo by Brett Hemmings/Getty Images) Picture: Getty Images
THE TOUGH QUESTIONS MUSCAT MUST ANSWER
FOX Sports football commentator Simon Hill says Kevin Muscat “can't be immune” from being asked tough questions about Melbourne Victory's start to the season.
The A-League powerhouse sits in seventh place with just two wins to its name from 10 games.
Hill said while they didn't think Muscat was “in danger” of being under pressure to stay in their position, there were some issues Victory needed to confront.
“I don't know if he's in danger yet but I think there's certainly questions starting to be asked, and rightly so,” Hill said on the Fox Football Podcast.
“If we ask questions about other coaches, then ‘Musky' can't be immune from that and they're not getting results at the moment, they're not playing well, they look pretty one-dimensional, it's all been said before … and it's difficult to argue.”
Camera Icon Kevin Muscat. (AAP Image/Joe Castro) Picture: AAP
Victory has been slammed for not having a ‘plan B' in recent weeks, with Muscat's side struggling to break down teams that look to stifle their passing game.
Hill said they were confused by the recruitment of defensive midfielder Matias Sanchez — along with Mark Milligan — as Victory had already stockpiled that type of player, while failing to secure a genuine left-back.
“I don't know what the answer is for them because again, on paper, their squad looks pretty good,' Hill said.
“I was trying to search for reasons for it this morning … somebody pointed out to me yesterday that their recruitment in the off-season: they bring back (Mark) Milligan, they bring back (Kosta) Barbarouses, (James) Troisi almost left and then came back — there's not a lot too different about them. Sanchez has been brought in, in a position where they've got plenty of cover.
“Broxham can play in defensive midfield, Milligan, Valeri, so what's they there for? And yet, they don't seem to have a proper left back.
“They've brought in Kenny Athiu — now for me, he's sort of a Matt Simon player for Victory, you can chuck them on for the last 20 minutes to shake things up, which Simon does really well for Sydney. And I don't know if he's injured or they just don't think he's ready.”
Camera Icon Kevin Muscat and Matias Sanchez. (Photo by Quinn Rooney/Getty Images) Picture: Getty Images
Meanwhile, Fox Sports' Adam Peacock said they were surprised Athiu wasn't given a run when Victory were chasing the game late in the piece.
“This was the mind-blowing thing for me about Friday night — mind-blowing,” Peacock said.
“80 minute mark: Stefan Nigro, who was having a bit of a tough time trying to handle (Nikola) Mileusnic but they were doing okay — by this stage Mileusnic had cramped up and gone. 8
“0-minute mark, when you've got Kenny Athiu on the bench, chasing the game at home at that stage against 11, eventually nine — you chuck on Leigh Broxham to play left back.
“Left back for left back — that's all your subs gone. I do not get it. I simply do not comprehend what's happened there.”
Meanwhile, the Daily Telegraph's Tom Smithies said Victory's ill-discipline was at least partly to blame for their woes.
“It's a lack of discipline, that's part of it,” they said.
“You get the feeling that they've always been — Muscat doesn't like this being pointed out — they've always been up there in terms of the foul count and that sort of thing.
“But it's ill-disciplined (acts) like Milligan's headbutt, things like that, they're self-inflicted wounds.”
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The Algemeiner reports: Iran will be at the top of the agenda when Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu meets with US President Donald Trump at the White House on Wednesday, two former Israeli ambassadors to the US told The Algemeiner on Tuesday.
“There are three Iran-related issues,” Michael Oren — currently the deputy minister for diplomacy in the Prime Minister's Office and a Kulanu party MK — said. “The first is the conventional military threat Iran poses to Israel from Syria and Lebanon, as well as its threat to countries around us like Jordan and the Gulf states. Second, a connection must be made between Iran's horrible behavior and the nuclear issue. [Former US President Barack] Obama separated the two, we need to link them again. You can't have a country that's the world's largest state sponsor of terrorism and calls daily for our destruction and there are no repercussions. And third, we need to start preparing for when the nuclear deal expires and we're going to have an Iranian regime that's going to be able to make 200 nuclear bombs real quick.”
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Oren, who served as the Jewish state's envoy to Washington for four years between 2009 and 2013, said that first meetings between US presidents and Israeli prime ministers are “very important.”
Read more here.
Scroll for more content...
The Vincennes Rivet girls basketball team beat Barr-Reeve 54-33 to win their ninth sectional title in 11 years.
Coaching Carousel Shakes Up Group Of 5 Pecking Order The coaching carousel could have an impact on which teams from outside the five major conferences have the most success this season.
Keidel: Has Mayweather Really Lost A Step?During a recent sit-down with Stephen A Smith, Mayweather mused over their upcoming fight, and made some unusually self-effacing assertions. Most notably, that he's lost a step and that McGregor is not only the younger man, but also larger and stronger. So, says Mayweather, this is the first time their foe as the edge, at least on paper.
RICHMOND, Va. — A Virginia family returned home to find their floors and walls splattered in blood after their German Shepherd apparently attacked an intruder, according to WRIC.
Tristan Murrin said they knew something was wrong when the dog greeted them at the front door.
“We noticed something when we walked in, when I walked in with my mother and there is blood spots on the ground, we looked upstairs and you see trails of blood coming from upstairs going all the way down,” Murrin told WRIC.
Murrin said Oden is not typically aggressive. However, they said he's thankful the dog stood theirs ground.
“I think the dog did its job. They knew that someone was not supposed to be in my house and no one was home and they know that they aren't supposed to be in there and they were doing something that they aren't supposed to be doing and so they knew to act upon it,” Murrin told WRIC.
Murrin shared photos and videos on Facebook that show the aftermath of the attempted break-in. Their Facebook post has been shared over 100,000 times. They wrote:
“Last night we had a break in, luckily no one was home. My best friend Oden who is a German shepherd, protected my home and belongings when I wasn't there, I couldn't be more proud of him. Such an amazing breed that's why everyone who doesn't have an actual dog should consider on adopting or buying a dog.”
Editor's note: The video contains graphic language. Viewer discretion advised.
Police said no arrests have been made. The investigation is ongoing.
0 Former lead singers of legendary Temptations, Dennis Edwards, dead at 74
CHICAGO - The former lead singer of the legendary Motown group The Temptations, Dennis Edwards, has died in Chicago, according to news reports.
>> Read more trending news
Edwards, 74, who replaced The Temptations singer David Ruffin, died Thurday a day before their 75th birthday, their family confirmed to CBS News.
The Grammy Award-winner joined the successful soul group in 1968 and was featured on a number of hits, including “I Can't Get Next to You,” “Papa Was a Rolling Stone” and “Ball of Confusion.” They were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989 as a member of the Temptations.
Edwards was born in Birmingham, Alabama., on Feb. 3, 1943, but considered Detroit their home.
They were singing with a different group, the Contours, before joining The Temptations after the group fired Ruffin.
Edwards left the group around the time it split with Motown in the mid-1970s, but returned in 1980 when it reunited with Motown. They reunited with and split from the group several more times, until finally calling it quits in 1989, according to Rolling Stone.
Edwards scored a solo hit, “Don't Look Any Further,” which climbed to No. 2 on the R&B chart.
>> Related: Jim Carrey cleared of wrongdoing in lawsuit over ex-girlfriend's suicide
Edwards was married to Ruth Pointer of the Pointer Sisters from 1976 to 1977, and had one daughter, Issa Pointer.
They died Thursday night in Chicago. Their family did not release a cause of death.
Breaking: Dennis Edwards, former lead singer of The Temptations has died in Chicago - per family. They crooned the world over with “Cloud Nine" - “I Can't Get Next to You" & “Papa Was a Rollin' Stone.” Tomorrow, Edwards would have been 75. @cbschicago pic.twitter.com/HWESouATfl — Brad Edwards (@tvbrad) February 2, 2018
So sad to hear about the death do former Temptations lead singer Dennis Edwards. They were 74. I last saw Dennis at Aretha Franklin's birthday party in April 2016. We last talked early last year when I was considering having them sing at my parents 50th wedding anniversary. pic.twitter.com/QpiWSrgA6C — rolandsmartin (@rolandsmartin) February 2, 2018
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
OKLAHOMA CITY -- On Friday night in Brooklyn, Los Angeles Lakers coach Luke Walton gave their team a burst of offensive energy by taking out point guard Tyler Ennis and going instead with Brandon Ingram as a point forward.
The result was noticeable in a 102-99 victory over the Nets in which Ennis did not play.
But Walton might have to adjust things again Sunday against the Oklahoma City Thunder as Ingram, who played more than 36 minutes, is questionable with right groin tightness after scoring 16 points and adding a career-high 10 assists, eight rebounds and only two turnovers.
Ingram received extra treatment after Friday's win, but their status for Sunday hasn't been determined.
If Ingram isn't able to go or if their ability to push the tempo is limited, it could be more difficult to take advantage of an Oklahoma City team still reeling defensively from the loss of Andre Roberson.
Oklahoma City is still trying to find a new normal after Roberson's season-ending injury suffered Jan. 27 in Detroit.
The Thunder won their first full game without Roberson but have dropped three consecutive games since.
Oklahoma City is likely to be active on the trade market ahead of Thursday's deadline. On Saturday, the Washington Post reported that the Thunder had interest in the Los Angeles Clippers' Avery Bradley.
Bradley, a two-time All-NBA defensive player, could slide into Roberson's role, giving Oklahoma City a better defensive option than the current rotation of Terrance Ferguson and Alex Abrines at shooting guard.
Sunday's game will mark the Thunder's sixth in nine days, starting with the Detroit contest.
The schedule doesn't offer much relief in the immediate future either, with the Thunder playing at Golden State on Tuesday before a Thursday return visit with the Lakers in Los Angeles.
"We ran out of gas," Thunder coach Billy Donovan said after Friday's loss to New Orleans. "It was a hard turnaround. I'm not gonna dispute that. ... But I think every NBA team has to deal with it."
Oklahoma City has lost more than three consecutive games one once this season -- dropping four in a row in early November.
Lakers guard Josh Hart had a career-high 14 rebounds in the win over Brooklyn.
"I was channeling my inner Charles Barkley, you know, undersized guys," Hart said. "That was one emphasis Coach Luke talked about -- just go in and just hustle and play hard, and that's just a factor from that."
For Hart and the Lakers, it was a big turnaround from Wednesday's loss in Orlando. He's hoping to sustain the energy, if not the rebounding production.
"Effort I think was the biggest thing," Hart said. "After you get your butt kicked, you know the next game you always bring that effort."
Lakers rookie Lonzo Ball will miss their 10th consecutive game with a sprained left medial collateral ligament. Walton said Ball must return to practice before seeing game action.
Los Angeles returns home after the game to host Phoenix on Tuesday.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
IOWA CITY, Iowa-- An Iowa truck driver had to leave their truck - and their puppy - behind after a medical emergency, but thanks to two University of Iowa Hospital nurses, they got their beloved pet back.
Robert Prichard had to be taken to the University of Iowa hospital by ambulance, leaving their four-legged companion, Bandit, behind in their truck on I-80.
"If it hadn't been for these two right here, I would have lost them last night," Prichard told WQAD.
Prichard says they feared the puppy could have been put down or given away to another family.
Instead, Bandit was picked up by the Cedar Bend Humane Society, who says they only euthanize animals in cases of suffering or extreme aggression.
The Humane Society housed Bandit until two University of Iowa hospital nurses were able to pick them up and reunite the truck driver with theirs puppy.
"I didn't think it was really fair for someone to lose their animal just because they were in the hospital so I wanted to do everything I could," nurse Erin Niles said.
Prichard said it meant the world to him.
"I appreciate it, and nobody has ever treated or helped me like these people have. The main thing is I got my buddy back," Prichard said.
Prichard says he'll take some time off from trucking for now, and plans on hanging out with their faithful driving companion Bandit.
The Humane Society says pets left at the shelter need to be picked up within five days or they will be put up for adoption.
Stabannon man Aidan Shevlin is officially a Guinness World Record Holder.
This follows Shevlin's partaking in a 24-hour charity GAA match in aid of the Michaela Foundation and Cancer Focus NI in early January. The match saw 40 players, representing all four provinces, play approximately 16 hours each across the day-long game at the Tyrone Centre of Excellence in Garvaghy.
And Shevlin (40), a winner of three Joe Wards with Stabannon Parnells in the 1990s, admits that they feel a great sense of achievement now the record has been officially confirmed.
“It's a great personal accolade and something that I'll have for life,” Shevlin told the Dundalk Democrat.
“It really hasn't fully sunk in yet to be honest. We have a Whatsapp group, all of us who played, and the chat has really kicked off again. Everyone is delighted.”
The original aim was for each player to raise £500, a figure which they have long since surpassed, with Shevlin having raised the most.
“We were asked to raise that amount, but on the last count we had over £70,000.
“The last I counted, I had gathered over £5000.
“We have a night coming up on May 13th in Belfast where we will all meet and the presentation will be made. It's all very personal and I'm looking forward to the night.”
But, where does Shevlin plan to display their certificate?
“The record will sit proudly on the shelf alongside my three championship medals,” they quipped.
March 31 Pilot Gold Inc:
* Pilot Gold reports year-end financial and operating results
* Pilot Gold Inc - initial 2017 exploration program and budget at Goldstrike is $5.98 million
* Pilot Gold Inc - appointment of Dr. Joanna Bailey as chief financial officer and corporate secretary, effective April 4, 2017
* Pilot Gold Inc - Bailey will replace john wenger
* Pilot Gold - in Feb 2017, co applied for an additional notice of intent for a further 1.8 acres of disturbance in property's mineral mountain area
* Pilot Gold Inc - company's share of budgeted expenditures at Kinsley for 2017 program is $0.42 million
* Expect to receive approval on a full plan of operations in response to NOI by end of Q2 2017
* Pilot Gold Inc - 2017 budget for Black Pine Property is approximately $0.39 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
About 250 people turned out Tuesday at a meeting in Fairbanks to offer comments on a federal plan to launch an oil and gas leasing program in the coastal plain of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. Most of those who showed up for the meeting at the Carlson Center oppose the plan, because they say it would disrupt caribou calving season and harm Alaska Native subsistence, culture and the environment. Backers of the plan say coastal-plain development would boost Alaska's economy.
Eighty-four people signed up to talk about the plan to open the coastal plain to oil and gas development. By the time a half-dozen of them had spoken, nearly 100 protesters showed up outside the Carlson Center to offer their public comments.
“I do have hope and faith that the Alaska Natives are going to stand up and they're going to put a stop to this,” Fort Yukon Gwich'in Bernadette Demientieff told the crowd with a bullhorn. “Because when it comes down to it, we're all going to be affected. Climate change don't care if you're upriver or downriver. We're going to all live with the effects.”
Demientieff is executive director of the Gwich'in Steering Committee, which opposes development on the ecologically fragile coastal plain. Princess Daazhraii Johnson, the committee's former executive director, said members of the organization and the Fairbanks Climate Action Coalition came to tell federal officials presiding over the meeting that oil and gas exploration will harm the Porcupine Caribou Herd and other wildlife that provides subsistence to Native peoples.
“I wouldn't be standing here today if it wasn't for that Porcupine Caribou Herd, if it wasn't for the tsook-cho, the king salmon,” Johnson said.
Meanwhile, inside the Carlson, representatives from industry and labor and officials with the state Department of Natural Resources accentuated the positive. Kara Moriarty is a executive director of the Alaska Oil and Gas Association, and they said extracting the coastal plain's hydrocarbons could bring economic benefits like those that came from development of the North Slope and construction of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System.
“It goes without saying that Alaska's economy relies heavily on the oil and gas industry,” Moriarty said. “One-third of all jobs in the state of Alaska can be attributed back to the oil and gas industry.”
John Hopson Junior is mayor of Wainwright and president of the North Slope Borough. And they said their community and others in the region depend on the industry. “Oil and gas property tax is what pays for our services, when it comes to police and fire and schools and public works,” Hopson said.
But Steve Ginnis, the traditional chief of the Fort Yukon-based Gwichyaa Zhee Gwich'in Tribal Government, said federal officials should not proceed with developing an environmental impact statement or EIS for the lease sales because they haven't adequately invited public comment from residents of communities that would be most affected by coastal plain development.
“I don't understand how the United States government, and the Congress of the United States, could shortcut the process, to do what's going on here today,” Ginnis said.
Rhonda Pitka is chief of the Village of Beaver, and they said federal officials should double the 60-day public comment period for the EIS. They said the feds should stage more meetings in Gwich'in communities and talk directly with tribal government officials — with an interpreter.
“Our chiefs are requesting that you come and consult with us,” Pitka said. “I'm requesting government-to-government consultation in the Village of Beaver. I also sent in a letter requesting that the materials be translated in Gwich'in, for our Gwich'in speakers. And that you also bring along translators.”
Pitka also said the meetings should be scheduled for later, because much Gwich'in are away from their villages at fish camps, preparing to harvest salmon.
“Our tribal members right now are getting ready for our subsistence season,” they said. “I'm actually missing out on getting my grandma's fish camp ready for the fishing season.”
But scheduling the meeting around hunting and fishing seasons can be tricky, said Joe Balash. He's a former state natural resources commissioner who now serves as an assistant secretary of the Interior, and they were one of the seven federal officials presiding over the meeting.
“The folks that live on the North Slope and participate in the whaling the season — y'know, the spring season has more or less just concluded, and there'll be a fall season,” they said, “and we've got to watch that window as well.”
Balash said during a break in testimony that translating documents would be a new requirement that federal officials may want to consider, along with adjustments to the public meeting schedule. They said the first meeting in Kaktovik that was postponed has been rescheduled for next month. The next scoping meeting will be held tonight in Anchorage, followed by another on Thursday in Utqiagvik.
Public comments on the leasing program plan EIS are due by June 19.
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) before the opening bell in the Manhattan borough of New York, U.S. April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
NEW YORK America First may be a main policy of the White House and fuel to the stock market rally but U.S. investors are looking overseas for stronger earnings as S&P 500 companies are set to report their first quarter of double-digit profit gains since 2014.
A strong earnings season would help justify pricey stock valuations, with the S&P 500 rallying this month to its most expensive since 2004 on a forward price-to-earnings basis.
While the U.S. economy has gotten a lot of attention since the Nov. 8 election and President Donald Trump's vows to boost the domestic economy, data during the quarter has suggested the global economy is strengthening.
That is welcome news for S&P components, since nearly half of their sales come from overseas.
Shares of the biggest U.S. companies, which tend to have the most overseas exposure, have been among the strongest performers over the past several weeks. For instance, the S&P 500 .SPX has outperformed its average stock .SPXEW this year since mid-February, after performing mostly in line at the beginning of the year. [www.bit.ly/2oQPVXF]
"The fact that we're seeing stabilization in the global community will bode well for multinational companies and help earnings for the first quarter," said Terry Sandven, senior equity strategist at U.S. Bank Wealth Management in Minneapolis.
"You've also seen the dollar not appreciate as much as many had forecast a quarter ago, so multinational companies may get some relief on the (foreign exchange) line," they said.
A weaker dollar boosts offshore revenues when they are translated into the U.S. currency. The U.S. dollar index .DXY was down 1.8 percent in the first quarter, but it was still cheaper during last year's first quarter.
STRONGER DATA AS EARNINGS LOOM
A survey this week showed euro zone business activity at a six-year high. Forecasts from the International Monetary Fund show a pickup in the global economy in 2017 and 2018, especially in developing economies.
However, some investors worry multinationals may have already priced in big gains in earnings.
"As long as nothing changes, these firms are going to be fine," said Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank in Chicago, speaking of the strength of the largest American companies.
They warned, however, that stock prices may have taken in any good news. "The market has certainly fully discounted all that."
The U.S. earnings season gets under way next week, with results from banks JPMorgan Chase (JPM.N), Wells Fargo (WFC.N) and Citigroup (C.N) among others.
The financial sector is projected to post a 15.4 percent profit gain, second only to energy among S&P sectors.
Energy companies, which carried most of the losses that extended an S&P 500 earnings recession until the second quarter of last year, are expected to do most of the heavy lifting this earnings season with a whopping 600 percent increase.
For the entire S&P 500, analysts are projecting earnings up 10.1 percent compared with a year ago, which would be the first double-digit increase since the third quarter of 2014, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Excluding the energy sector, S&P 500 earnings are expected to be up 6.1 percent.
Revenue is expected to have jumped 7 percent, the most since 2011, which should help compensate for higher wage and other costs facing companies, strategists said.
"We're seeing revenues contribute materially more to that bottom-line growth," said Patrick Palfrey, senior equity strategist at RBC Capital Markets in New York.
Big profit gains are expected in technology and materials as well, the data showed.
"It comes down to a synchronized global economic acceleration ...; a rebound and stabilization in commodity prices and a higher interest rate environment," Palfrey said.
(Reporting by Caroline Valetkevitch; Editing by Rodrigo Campos and James Dalgleish)
It seems that Emma Watson and some other celebrities were targeted by a sex cult recruiter to join the notorious NXIVM group.
According to Business Insider, Allison Mack was using Twitter to reach out to people to join the cult.
Mack on multiple occasions left messages to Harry Potter star Emma Watson in 2016, asking them to join a “women's movement”.
— Allison Mack (@allisonmack) January 24, 2016
— Allison Mack (@allisonmack) February 19, 2016
​The cult recruiter also left messages to singer Kelly Clarkson.
Last week, Mack was arrested due to their involvement in NXIVM cult, which was founded by Keith Raniere.
The cult has been accused of sex trafficking, sex trafficking conspiracy, and conspiracy to commit forced labor.
On Friday, Mack, who was second in command in the cult, pleaded not guilty to charges of sex trafficking, according to Business Insider. Them bail hearing will be held on Tuesday.
NEW YORK (AP) — The Latest on the explosion in Manhattan in an underground passageway (all times local):
9:30 a.m.
The Fire Department of New York says four people, including the suspect, have been hurt following a pipe bomb explosion in a New York City subway at the height of the morning rush hour. Fire officials say Monday none of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the subway happened in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to them when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
___
9:15 a.m.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the New York City subway happened in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street.
The explosion filled the passageway with smoke while it was crowded with throngs of Monday morning commuters. A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to them when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries. The Port Authority Bus Terminal, the nation's largest bus hub, was shut down, along with the eight subway lines and all streets around Times Square.
___
8:45 a.m.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to them when it went off on a New York City subway platform. The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident. White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders has tweeted that President Trump has been briefed on the explosion.
___
8:40 a.m.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority Bus Terminal are diverting to other locations following an explosion in New York City. NJ Transit says buses are taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken. From there, they can take trains or PATH into the city.
Trains, PATH, light rail and ferries are honoring bus tickets into New York. The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing. Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue. A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
___
8:25 a.m.
A law enforcement official says what is believed to be an explosive device has been set off on Manhattan subway platform. The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. There was no immediate word of any other injuries. The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue.
— Associated Press writer Colleen Long
___
8 a.m.
The New York Police Department says it is responding to a report of an explosion near Times Square. The response is centered in the area of the Port Authority bus terminal. It's led to delays along some of the subway lines that pass beneath the bus terminal. Some passengers have been evacuated as a precaution. There were no immediate reports of injuries.
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. — Bills coach Sean McDermott is encouraged by the initial medical reports on their injured quarterbacks to feel confident Buffalo won't have to add a player before hosting Miami this weekend.
McDermott did not go into further detail, a day after the Bills (7-6) beat Indianapolis 13-7 in overtime to stay in the AFC playoff picture.
Rookie Nathan Peterman is in the National Football League's concussion protocol after being dazed while making a headfirst dive in the third quarter against the Colts. Peterman started in place of Tyrod Taylor, who bruised their left knee in a 23-3 loss to New England a week earlier.
Third-stringer Joe Webb finished the game in place of Peterman.
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
The Israeli government said on Tuesday it was abandoning a plan to forcibly deport African migrants who entered the country illegally.
The government had been working for months on an arrangement to expel thousands of mostly Eritrean and Sudanese men who crossed into Israel through Egypt's Sinai desert.
“At this stage, the possibility of carrying out an unwilling deportation to a third country is not on the agenda,” the government wrote in a response to the court.
The migrants, it said, will again be able to renew residency permits every 60 days, as they were before the deportation push.
The migrants and rights groups say they are seeking asylum and are fleeing war and persecution. The government says they are job seekers and that it has every right to protect its borders.
Around 4,000 migrants have left Israel for Rwanda and Uganda since 2013 under a voluntary programme, but Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has come under pressure from their right-wing voter base to expel thousands more.
After leaving a U.N.-backed relocation plan a few weeks ago, Israel shifted efforts towards finalising an arrangement to send the migrants against their will to Uganda.
A number of migrant rights groups petitioned the Supreme Court to block any such policy.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — In November 2016, Republican nominee Donald Trump won the US presidential election, receiving 306 electoral votes, while their rival from the Democratic Party Hillary Clinton received 232. Trump's inauguration ceremony is scheduled for January 20.
"On Tuesday, January 10, I'll go home to Chicago to say my grateful farewell to you, even if you can't be there in person," Obama said, as quoted in a statement on the White House's website.
Obama has served two consecutive presidential terms since 2009.
Johannesburg - George Barkhuizen, who is accused of having their wife murdered for insurance money, has submitted that the State has no case against them and they should not have to testify to prove theirs innocence.
Barkhuizen allegedly ordered a hit on their wife, Odette, after taking out three separate life insurance policies and forging their signature to do so.
They were found shot dead near their offices in Moffat View near Johannesburg in June 2015 in what police initially believed was another bungled hijacking.
Barkhuizen's marathon trial continued this week at the Joburg High Court, with their defence launching a Section 174 application to have presiding Judge Ramarumo Monama discharge the criminal case against him.
Read: ‘Hijacking was a hit on mom'
‘Hubby bought killing kit'
The application is based on the position that the State's case, put forward by prosecutor Riegel du Toit, has not proved any of the allegations against the accused.
If successful, the application will mean Barkhuizen will not have to present a defence and can avoid testifying entirely.
Barkhuizen has argued, through their lawyer, advocate Sita Kolbe, that the “theory” that they killed their wife was originally provided to the investigation team by forensic consultant and private investigator, Paul O'Sullivan.
The defence has said O'Sullivan had been present at key interviews conducted by the State, including an interview with Barkhuizen himself.
According to the defence, the investigating officer had also lied when they testified that cellphone records had placed Barkhuizen at the scene of the crime after the murder.
George Barkhuizen Picture: Supplied
When a cellphone expert testified this was untrue, the officer said they didn't understand how to interpret the records.
On the alleged forging, Kolbe argued that the State had failed to prove the wills had not been written by anyone other than Odette, and that if the State wanted to focus on the signatures, the accused should have been charged with forgery or uttering, instead of fraud.
The State has relied on circumstantial evidence throughout the trial, particularly the testimony of an expert examiner and documents specialist, Johannes Hattingh, who said they believed the signatures made on the documents were not authentic.
Also read: Alleged killer husband ‘abused us'
R7.5m in policies taken out before hit on wife, court hears
During cross-examination, however, Kolbe said Hattingh's report was their second one on the signatures, the first having been commissioned by O'Sullivan.
The initial report had apparently said Hattingh's analysis was inconclusive. However, Hattingh explained that the second report had been constructed after they were given other sample signatures that allowed them to conduct a proper analysis.
They conceded that regardless of their analysis, there was no way to state conclusively that Barkhuizen had been the one who created the fake signatures.
Judge Monama is expected to rule on the application on February 13.
Saturday Star
The recent study has revealed which world arms producers have had increased sales in 2016.
Overall arms sales have increased for the first time in five years, totaling $374.8 billion in 2016, research by the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI) shows, with the US Lockheed Martin topping the list, Boeing and Raytheon placed second and third respectively and the UK BAE Systems in fourth place.
"The total for the SIPRI Top 100 in 2016 is 1.9 percent higher compared with 2015 and represents an increase of 38 percent since 2002 (when SIPRI began reporting corporate arms sales)," the research reads.
READ MORE: Power of US Military-Industrial Complex Exceeds That of Presidency — Activist
The study's results have also shown that sales of Russian companies rose in 2016, noting, however, that the growth in deals being made in the country had slowed down amid the economic situation in the country.
"The combined arms sales of Russian companies listed in the SIPRI Top 100 increased by 3.8 percent, amounting to $26.6 billion in 2016. Russian companies accounted for 7.1 percent of the overall total…[]The major economic difficulties experienced by Russia in 2016 have contributed to a slowdown in the rate of increase in the arms sales of Russian companies," Siemon Wezeman was quoted as saying in the statement.
READ MORE: Ka-226T: Shining Mirror of Russian Helicopters' Bright Future (PHOTOS, VIDEO)
Russia's United Aircraft Corporation (UAE), the producer of the MiG-29 fourth-generation Russian multipurpose fighter, which had been put under the US anti-Russia sanctions, has improved its position and became 13th in the list compared to the 17th place in 2015.
The United Shipbuilding Corporation (USC), on the contrary, went down from 15th place to 19th. Russian Almaz-Antey Corporation moved to the 24th place from 26th in 2015, replacing Russian Helicopters, which dropped to 29th place.
NEW YORK (WATE) – Police are looking for a group who attacked a New York Clerk with avocados and bananas.
New York Police Department released surveillance video of the incident Tuesday in hopes of finding the two men. The attack happened on Memorial Day.
The 21-year-old clerk was behind the counter at Stadium Gourmet Deli at the time. Officers said the suspects got angry when the deli worker, who didn't speak English and couldn't understand them when they ordered food.
Video shows the two men repeatedly throwing avocados and bananas at the employee. They also smashed watermelons and threw other items before leaving the store.
The victim suffered a broken jaw along with fractures and a cut to their face. They were taken to Lincoln Hospital in serious, but stable condition.
Swiss National Bank could cut rates more if needed - Jordan
BERN, June 15 The Swiss National Bank (SNB) on Thursday left the door open to pushing interest rates further into negative territory if needed after it maintained its ultra-loose monetary policy.
READING LEVEL: ORANGE
AUSTRALIAN Reptile Park general manager Tim Faulkner has milked many of the world's most dangerous snakes and spiders for their venom*.
Now they can add platypus to their feats of venomous milking after participating in a first ever extraction* of monotreme* venom at the Central Coast zoo.
The venom will be sent off to universities throughout Sydney in hopes of finding the next miracle cure.
Most Australians are familiar with the duck-billed platypus, one of the world's only monotremes or egg-laying mammals.
But many people would be unaware the male platypus has a venomous spur on one of its hind legs.
The large spur inflicts an excruciatingly* painful sting but is not lethal* to humans.
The Australian Reptile Park is the only zoo in Australia to milk dangerous snakes and spiders to produce lifesaving antivenene*.
Camera Icon The Australian Reptile Park at Somersby is embarking on a World first by milking male platypus for their venom. Picture: The Australian Reptile Park Picture: News Corp Australia
But Mr Faulkner said the task of milking a platypus was a “completely different kettle of fish”.
“We milk hundreds of snakes and spiders weekly here at the park, but milking a platypus, this is a first,” they said.
“I've never been caught on the receiving end of a platypus spur and I never want to.
“There is no antivenene available for the platypus at this time so you just have to sit and wait the pain out — today we participated in a very dangerous job.
Camera Icon The male platypus spur. Picture: The Australian Reptile Park Picture: News Corp Australia
“This kind of research is vital to moving forward with medicine. You never know what properties lie within this kind of venom, especially the venom of a mammal as there aren't many mammals with venom in the entire world”
The platypus venom will be sent to universities across Sydney to see if it holds any properties that could prove useful in medicines.
Mr Faulkner said animal venoms have been researched and used in medicines to assist in many medical ailments including Taipan venom being used to help with stroke victims, venom from the poisonous lizard the Gila monster being used to help cure diabetes and pit vipers contributing to pain killers.
Once the milking was complete, Yaro, the platypus was released back into their pond for a swim.
GLOSSARY
venom: a poisonous substance secreted by animals such as snakes, spiders, and scorpions.
extraction: the action of removing something.
monotreme: a primitive mammal that lays large yolky eggs.
excrutiatingly: extremely painful
lethal: deadly
antivenene: a medicine that fights poison
LISTEN TO TODAY'S STORY
ACTIVITIES
Activity 1: Using new vocabulary
Time: Allow 20 minutes
Write an interesting paragraph that contains all of these vocabulary words from the article:
- extract
- monotreme
- spur
- antivenene
- venom
Extension: Choose 3 more interesting words from the article and come up with some alternative words that could be used in their place.
Curriculum links: English
Activity 2: Comparing monotremes
Time: Allow 30 minutes
We learnt from the story that the platypus is a monotreme. Echidnas are also monotremes. Do some research about these animals and make a list of things that they have in common and things that are different.
Extension: Display your findings from the main activity in a table or Venn diagram. Include some pictures to visually show some of the similarities or differences.
Curriculum links: English, Science
VCOP ACTIVITY
Coming soon!
EXTRA RESOURCES
Coming soon!
IN A SENTENCE, SHARE YOUR THOUGHTS ON TODAY'S STORY
Kids News loves reading your best grammar, vocabulary and spelling.
We publish the best comments.
Winter white works in the springtime, too! Meghan's lightwhite white wrap coat, which they wore for their engagement photo call with Prince Harry in November 2017, is perfect for those warmer temperatures.
Get the Look:
Langley Swing Coat, $168; madewell.com
Buttoned Wool Coat, $200; mango.com
Kendall And Kylie Long Trench Coat; bloomingdales.com
By Scott T. Sterling
With the band's third album, What If Nothing, on the horizon, Ohio rock band Walk the Moon has opened up about the process behind its creation.
Related: Walk The Moon Debut ‘One Foot' Video
“The approach was just making noise, getting back to our roots of being a rock & roll band and just playing our instruments and letting the sound bounce off the walls,” singer Nicholas Petricca explained to Rolling Stone
“Sonically, we're reaching for taller, wider, and more vast, more epic sounds,” they said. “But the lyrics are kind of the opposite. They're much more personal and are very close to the heart, very raw.”
Despite the “chaos” that went into the new full-length, including the band canceling a tour last summer when Petricca's father fell ill, the singer is pleased with how What If Nothing ultimately turned out.
“There's this feeling where everything is like a bad haircut, and everything feels unfinished,” they revealed. “That moment of getting the record beyond the point of discomfort, until the record is to the point of, ‘Oh. What a relief. This feels amazing,' is a major lesson in trust – you really are just faced with having to trust yourself and your collaborators and the producer that this deformed laboratory monster is going to, eventually, grow wings and become something really beautiful.”
According to the report by the Swedish Defense University one fifth of the jihadists surveyed were aged 19 or younger, while another 60 percent of the "foreign fighters" were aged 20 to 29; these formed the core of violent Islamism.
None of the 18 children who have left Sweden to join jihadist circles have been charged, despite the fact that people aged 15 and over are punishable by Swedish criminal law. Now, however, amendments in the criminal law are being considered, Svenska Dagbladet reported.
While most of Sweden's jihadists were men (76 percent), the number of women taking part in armed conflicts jumped from only several in 2012 to around 40 percent of the "foreign fighters" in the conflict zone in 2015. This figure is much higher than in other countries, Magnus Ranstorp, research director at the Center for Asymmetric Threat Studies at the Swedish Defense University, told the Swedish newspaper Expressen.
"We cannot say for sure why, but Swedish women may have had a more prominent role in Daesh," Ranstorp said.
Furthermore, three quarters of the jihadists were Swedish citizens, despite only 34 percent actually having been born in Sweden. Those born abroad indeed formed a multi-ethnic group, hailing from a total of 38 countries, primarily in Northern Africa, the Horn of Africa (predominantly Somalia and Eritrea) and the Middle East.
"A third of those who traveled from Sweden to fight for Daesh or other terrorist groups were born here. They have gone to Swedish kindergartens and Swedish schools, read Astrid Lindgren's books and released balloons on UN Day. Then they joined an organization indulging in warfare, the slave trade, gender oppression and the slaughter of minority groups, Christians and "wrong" Muslims. I really don't know if integration failure can be made any clearer than that," Dagens Nyheter columnist Erik Helmerson wrote.
The majority of the jihadists lived in just four of Sweden's 21 counties, including Stockholm, Skåne and Västra Götaland, and came from areas that are considered socially and economically vulnerable.
"It is clear that socioeconomic aspects are contributing factors, alongside group and peer influences, ideological factors and local recruitment drives," the authors of the report said.
© REUTERS/ Anders Wiklund/TT News Agency Jihadi 'Veterans' Return to Sweden, Establish Islamist Extremist Networks
The number of foreign fighters has dropped in recent years. While 98 first-time travelers are believed to have left Sweden in 2013, only five followed suit last year. Two out of five are believed to have returned in Sweden, while 49 of the 267 people for whom information was available reportedly died in the conflict.
While Daesh returnees were previously identified as being among the foremost threats to Sweden's security, the report found that "very few" of the returnees actually sought to commit crimes in Europe. They claimed their activity to mostly have been associated with the conflict in Syria and Iraq. However, the returnees' terrorist activity could not be ruled out entirely, since both Daesh and al-Qaeda have declared Europe as a legitimate target.
Magnus Ranstorp ventured that those roughly 40 percent who remain in the Middle East posed the largest threat, being the most hardened ones and having nothing to lose.
"Those who are still there are the most hardcore. They are simply much more dangerous than those who have returned so far," Magnus Ranstorp told Swedish Radio, suggesting taking them seriously.
© REUTERS/ Philippe Wojazer Swedish Star Journalist Swears Allegiance to Daesh, Runs Amok in Paris
Recently, a Daesh blog run from Syria accused Sweden of having contributed to human suffering in al-Raqqa, and demanded retribution.
"It's a direct call for terror. It is all the more unusual for it to be written in Swedish," Magnus Ranstorp told Svenska Dagbladet.
A trial led by the University of Birmingham has found that two types of blood thinning drugs are safe to use in patients with an irregular heartbeat when they are undergoing surgery aimed at stopping the condition.
The anticoagulant drugs, called Apixaban and vitamin K antagonists (VKAs), also may have a positive impact on a patient's cognitive function, found the research published today in European Heart Journal.
Atrial fibrillation - a condition that causes an irregular heartbeat - affects people of all ages and doubles the risk of premature death through heart failure and triggers one in three strokes.
Specialist teams can cure atrial fibrillation by stopping the irregular electrical signals in the heart that cause the symptoms via a procedure known as catheter ablation.
In this procedure, an electrophysiologist uses a long wire, threaded into the heart via the groin, to deliver a high-frequency electric current. This heats the inner surface of the heart where the irregular electrical signals occur, creating scar tissue and so preventing the faulty impulses.
Patients with atrial fibrillation are at their greatest risk of stroke in the hours and days following this procedure. Therefore, they require anticoagulants to thin the blood and prevent blood clots.
To determine the optimal anticoagulation therapy for patients undergoing catheter ablation, the German Atrial Fibrillation NETwork (AFNET), in cooperation with the German Centre for Cardiovascular Research, (DZHK) carried out the AXAFA - AFNET 5 trial comparing Apixban and VKAs. In the randomised trial, 633 patients in Europe and the USA received either continuous Apixaban or a VKA before and post their catheter ablation.
Professor Paulus Kirchhof, of the University of Birmingham's Institute of Cardiovascular Sciences, International Chief Investigator of the clinical trial and Chairman of AFNET, said: "Catheter ablation is being used increasingly to treat patients with symptomatic atrial fibrillation, but the procedure leaves patients at a certain risk of stroke, bleeding, and clinically silent acute brain lesions. We also know that thrombotic events can impair cognitive function.
"We found the bleeding rate was half of what we have expected and there was a remarkably low rate of stroke, with only two events being observed in the trial.
"In addition, seven episodes of cardiac tamponade - two with Apixaban and five with a VKA - were managed with drainage, without the need for antidotes."
Using the Montreal Cognitive Assessment test, the investigators found a small but statistically significant improvement in cognitive function in both study groups at the end of the study.
Another unique feature of the trial was the use of brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in more than half of the study patients within 48 hours after ablation to quantify procedure-related acute ischaemic brain lesions. The results of the brain MRI substudy demonstrated no difference in clinically silent acute brain lesions between the treatment arms.
Professor Kirchhof said that the results of the trial will have a big impact on treatment: "The results of this trial will go a long way towards reassuring clinicians that continuous Apixaban is a safe and effective alternative to VKA for patients undergoing atrial fibrillation ablation, even those at risk of stroke."
Professor Kirchhof is presenting an abstract of these findings today (March 20) at the European Society of Cardiology's Congress in Barcelona, Spain.
###
For more information please contact Emma McKinney, Communications Manager (Health Sciences), University of Birmingham, by emailing e.j.mckinney@bham.ac.uk or call +44 (0)121 414 6681. Alternatively, contact the Press Office out of hours on +44-0-7789-921165.
Notes to editors
The University of Birmingham is ranked amongst the world's top 100 institutions. Its work brings people from across the world to Birmingham, including researchers, teachers and more than 5,000 international students from over 150 countries.
Kirchhof et al (2018). 'Apixaban in patients at risk of stroke undergoing atrial fibrillation ablation'. European Heart Journal. DOI: 10.1093/eurheartj/ehy176
When the paper is published, read it here: https:/ / doi. org/ 10. 1093/ eurheartj/ 176
The German Atrial Fibrillation NETwork (AFNET) initiated and conducted the AXAFA - AFNET 5 trial. The study was partially funded by the German Centre for Cardiovascular Research (DZHK). Financial support was provided by Bristol-Myers Squibb and Pfizer.
The Atrial Fibrillation NETwork (AFNET) is an interdisciplinary research network comprising scientists and physicians from hospitals and practices dedicated to improving the management of atrial fibrillation through coordinated research in Germany, Europe, and the USA. Its main objective is to conduct high quality investigator-initiated clinical trials and registries on a national and international level. The AFNET continues the long-term activities of the network which has been funded by the German Federal Ministry of Research and Education over a decade. Since January 2015, specific projects and infrastructures of the AFNET are funded by the German Centre for Cardiovascular Research (DZHK).
The research was carried out in collaboration with the following:
1. University of Birmingham Institute of Cardiovascular Sciences2. SWBH NHS Trust, Birmingham, UK3. University Hospitals Birmingham, Birmingham, UK4. Atrial Fibrillation NETwork association (AFNET), Münster, Germany5. Center for Stroke Research Berlin & Department of Neurology, Charité - Universitätsmedizin Berlin, Germany6. Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, USA7. Isala Heart Center Zwolle, Zwolle, The Netherlands8. The Clinical Research Institute, Munich, Germany9. University of Groningen, University Medical Center Groningen, Groningen, The Netherlands10. Sentara Cardiovascular Research Institute, Norfolk, Virginia, USA11. Ospedale Generale Regionale F. Miulli, Acquaviva delle Fonti, Italy12. Gentofte Hospital, Hellerup, Denmark13. Abteilung für Rhythmologie, Leipzig Heart Center, Leipzig, Germany14. Department of Biostatistics & Bioinformatics, Duke University School of Medicine, USA15. Duke Clinical Research Institute (DCRI), Durham, NC, USA16. Hospital Clinic Barcelona, University of Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain17. Department of Cardiology, Aarhus University Hospital, Denmark18. Herz- und Diabeteszentrum NRW, Ruhr-Universität Bochum, Bad Oeynhausen, Germany19. Duke University, Division of Cardiology Duke University Medical Center, Durham NC, USA20. Cardiovascular Center, OLV Aalst, Belgium21. Department of Cardiology, Medical University Graz, Austria22. University Maastricht, Department of Physiology, Maastricht, Netherlands23. Ospedale Dell'Angelo, Mestre, Italy24. Liverpool Heart and Chest Hospital, Liverpool, UK25. Jessa Ziekenhuis, Campus Virga Jesse, Hasselt, Belgium26. Albert Einstein College of Medicine, at Montefiore Hospital, New York, USA27. Texas Cardiac Arrhythmia Institute at St. David's Medical Center, Austin, Texas, USA
[India], July 4 (ANI):Patiala House Court will consider the charge-sheet filed by Enforcement Directorate (ED) against Karti Chidambaram, in the Aircel Maxis Case, on July 6.
The charge-sheet which was to be considered today has been delayed due to the absence of the concerned judge.
The Aircel-Maxis deal scam, which emerged out of the 2G spectrum case, pertains to a grant by the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) to the firm M/S Global Communication Holding Services Ltd for investment in Aircel.
Karti was arrested on February 28 at Chennai Airport upon their return from the United Kingdom for their alleged role in the case. The Enforcement Directorate had earlier said that the FIPB approval granted in 2006 by Karti's father and former Finance Minister Chidambaram was beyond their mandate as they were only authorized to accord approval on project proposals of up to Rs 600 crore. (ANI)
Scientists have shown how an optical chip can simulate the motion of atoms within molecules at the quantum level, which could lead to better ways of creating chemicals for use as pharmaceuticals.
An optical chip uses light to process information, instead of electricity, and can operate as a quantum computing circuit when using single particles of light, known as photons. Data from the chip allows a frame-by-frame reconstruction of atomic motions to create a virtual movie of a molecule's quantum vibrations, which is what lies at the heart of the research published today in Nature.
These findings are the result of a collaboration between researchers at the University of Bristol, MIT, IUPUI, Nokia Bell Labs, and NTT. As well as paving the way for more efficient pharmaceutical developments, the research could prompt new methods of molecular modelling for industrial chemists.
When lasers were invented in the 1960s, experimental chemists had the idea of using them to break apart molecules. However, the vibrations within molecules rapidly redistribute the laser energy before the intended molecular bond is broken. Controlling the behaviour of molecules requires an understanding of how they vibrate at the quantum level. But modelling these dynamics requires massive computational power, beyond what we can expect from coming generations of supercomputers.
The Quantum Engineering and Technology Labs at Bristol have pioneered the use of optical chips, controlling single photons of light, as basic circuitry for quantum computers. Quantum computers are expected to be exponentially faster than conventional supercomputers at solving certain problems. Yet constructing a quantum computer is a highly challenging long-term goal.
As reported in Nature, the team demonstrated a new route to molecular modelling that could become an early application of photonic quantum technologies. The new methods exploit a similarity between the vibrations of atoms in molecules and photons of light in optical chips.
Bristol physicist Dr Anthony Laing, who led the project, explained: "We can think of the atoms in molecules as being connected by springs. Across the whole molecule, the connected atoms will collectively vibrate, like a complicated dance routine. At a quantum level, the energy of the dance goes up or down in well-defined levels, as if the beat of the music has moved up or down a notch. Each notch represents a quantum of vibration.
"Light also comes in quantised packets called photons. Mathematically, a quantum of light is like a quantum of molecular vibration. Using integrated chips, we can control the behaviour of photons very precisely. We can program a photonic chip to mimic the vibrations of a molecule.
"We program the chip, mapping its components to the structure of a particular molecule, say ammonia, then simulate how a particular vibrational pattern evolves over some time interval. By taking many time intervals, we essentially build up a movie of the molecular dynamics."
First author Dr Chris Sparrow, who was a student on the project, spoke of the simulator's versatility: "The chip can be reprogrammed in a few seconds to simulate different molecules. In these experiments we simulated the dynamics of ammonia and a type of formaldehyde, and other more exotic molecules. We simulated a water molecule reaching thermal equilibrium with its environment, and energy transport in a protein fragment.
"In this type of simulation, because time is a controllable parameter, we can immediately jump to the most interesting points of the movie. Or play the simulation in slow motion. We can even rewind the simulation to understand the origins of a particular vibrational pattern."
Joint first author, Dr Enrique Martín-Lopéz, now a Senior Researcher with Nokia Bell Labs, added: "We were also able to show how a machine learning algorithm can identify the type of vibration that best breaks apart an ammonia molecule. A key feature of the photonic simulator that enables this is its tracking of energy moving through the molecule, from one localised vibration to another. Developing these quantum simulation techniques further has clear industrial relevance."
The photonic chip used in the experiments was fabricated by Japanese Telecoms company NTT.
Dr Laing explained the main directions for the future of the research: "Scaling up the simulators to a size where they can provide an advantage over conventional computing methods will likely require error correction or error mitigation techniques. And we want to further develop the sophistication of molecular model that we use as the program for the simulator. Part of this study was to demonstrate techniques that go beyond the standard harmonic approximation of molecular dynamics. We need to push these methods to increase the real-world accuracy of our models.
"This approach to quantum simulation uses analogies between photonics and molecular vibrations as a starting point. This gives us a head start in being able to implement interesting simulations. Building on this, we hope that we can realise quantum simulation and modelling tools that provide a practical advantage in the coming years."
###
Yes, yet another '90s favorite is getting turned into a new TV pilot. (But hey, at least it's not an old TV show this time.)
CBS has ordered a quartet of new drama pilots for the 2018-19 TV season, TVLine has learned, led by L.A. Confidential, a new take on the James Ellroy detective novel that inspired the Oscar-winning 1997 film. Jordan Harper (Gotham, The Mentalist) will pen the pilot and serve as an executive producer on the project, should it go to series.
Like the novel and film, L.A. Confidential is a crime drama set in the 1950s Los Angeles, but CBS promises that the story gets “a thoroughly 2018 treatment in terms of tone, music and style.” The plot centers on a trio of homicide detectives, a woman reporter and an aspiring actor whose paths cross “while the detectives pursue a sadistic serial killer among the secrets and lies of gritty, glamorous 1950s Los Angeles,” per the official description.
CBS also ordered pilots for three more dramas, including: Red Line, a racially charged cop show about a white police officer accidentally killing a black doctor, executive-produced by Ava DuVernay and Greg Berlanti; Main Justice, a legal thriller from uber-producer Jerry Bruckheimer that's based on the life of former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder; and The Code, a military drama about U.S. Marine Corps attorneys from Limitless creator Craig Sweeny.
The parents of a 16-year-old Iowa girl are facing murder charges months after the teen was found dead of malnutrition in their Perry home in May, PEOPLE confirms.
Marc and Misty Ray have both been charged with first-degree murder in the death of Sabrina Ray, who died after allegedly experiencing physical abuse at the hands of the couple and other family members, according to court documents obtained by PEOPLE.
Marc has pleaded not guilty to the charge, one of their attorneys, Roger Owens, tells PEOPLE. Both Marc and Misty are being held at Dallas County Jail on $1 million bail.
It is unclear whether Misty has entered a plea. Them attorneys did not immediately respond to a request for comment from PEOPLE.
The Rays, who adopted Sabrina, were initially charged with several counts related to child endangerment and negligence. They pleaded not guilty to all charges. The murder charges, however, come nearly five months after Sabrina was found dead, weighing just 56 pounds in the Ray's Perry home.
The medical examiner determined that they died of severe malnutrition.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Weeks after Sabrina's body was found, Perry police announced the arrests of Sabrina's adoptive brother, 21-year-old Justin, and their adoptive grandmother, Carla Bousman.
According to a previously obtained affidavit from Perry Police, during the final month of their life, Sabrina “suffered unreasonable force, torture and cruelty for an extended period of time, resulting in bodily injury … that was intended to cause serious injury.”
Court records allege that about a month before they died, Justin “drop-kicked” Sabrina and threw them down a basement staircase. They were unable to walk, talk, eat or drink.
Sabrina was one of three girls adopted by and living with the Rays, who owned an in-home daycare, records indicate. The affidavit stated that the girls were regularly denied food and water and often suffered physical abuse from the family.
The couple was on vacation in Florida when Sabrina was found dead. Police said in the affidavit that they were left in Justin's care, they were charged with several charges related to child abuse.
In court records, Bousman is accused of assisting in kidnapping and torturing Sabrina and the other two girls. They also allegedly helped in trying to cover up Sabrina's death and injuries the other girls had sustained.
Bousman and Justin are both being held at Dallas County Jail, Bousman on $500,000 bail and Justin on $100,000. It is unclear whether they have entered a plea to the charges.
The 41st annual Coast Con wrapped up Sunday on the Mississippi Gulf Coast. Die-hard fans packed the convention center for the three-day event. For them, it's not just a convention, it's a way of life.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The bus was carrying some 40 people from a family event along the Gariyaband-Raipur road when it collided head-on with a tractor, the media outlet said, quoting local police, the India.com news website reported.
Those injured, some critically, are undergoing treatment in local hospitals, according to police.
hey planned to make it their dream home, but it turned into a nightmare.
Scroll for more content...
A now-disgraced contractor's home remodel gone wrong left a Rocky River family short on cash and devoid of hope that their home could be made whole again. That was until the family met a local union electrician and their team who have offered their help – free of charge.
In the tree lawn of their home on Jameston Drive are parts of the Smith family's living room floor. Bound together like bushels are the wide-plank boards, many of which a warped, torn or in pieces. There are also jagged chunks of subflooring stacked together in thick plastic bags.
If trash collection day is any exercise to let go, Patrick Smith has a lot to let go of.
"It's a metaphor. I think it's the out with the old in with the new," Smith said.
It has been a long time coming. For the better part of three years, their home has been in a consistent state of construction - and de-construction. Even today, many of the interior walls in their kitchen and living space are exposed. Piecemealed two-by-fours are exposed. Lines of conduit snake through them, often hanging down like Christmas lights.
There's no longer a shower in the master bath. The tile has been removed. The plumbing doesn't work. This room, too, has exposed studs.
And to think this is the best that their home has looked in recent memory.
"When I lost my leg, we lost everything," Smith said as they gestured to their left leg that is amputated from the thigh down. "Then, I saved up for five years, every penny I had to rebuild this home. I lost everything again."
In order to make their home more accessible, Smith and their wife Lori sought to expand their home. The family eventually hired ProCode Construction, a Lakewood general contracting firm owned by Michael Delmonico.
The Smiths spent more than $200,000 on the remodel. The problems started almost immediately, many of which continue to this day.
The structure of the addition wasn't properly secured to the main structure of the house, allowing rainwater, ice and snow to seep into the roof, eventually causing mold to grow. There were plumbing, heating, cooling and electrical issues, including fixtures that were falling out of the walls and frequent brown-outs.
STATEMENT BY LEADER OF THE OPPOSITION HON PHILIP J. PIERRE ON ST.JUDE HOSPITAL AT THE SLP'S PRESS CONFERENCE MAY 30TH 2018
This UWP government for almost two years has been engaged in a witch-hunt against members of the last SLP government over the St Jude's reconstruction project at the expense of ignoring the worsening conditions at the George Odlum stadium where a number of avoidable deaths have occurred.
After widespread public outrage and disgust and pressure from the Saint Lucia Labour Party they have decided to recommence works at the St Jude's reconstruction hospital project albeit on “some of the buildings”.
The Saint Lucia Labour Party calls on the government to give the public more details on the proposed recommencement. We hope that the government pursues public procurement of work for the project and contracts are awarded in a transparent and accountable manner.
The Saint Lucia Labour Party calls upon the government to remain focused on the work that needs to be done to get the St Jude's hospital completed in the shortest possible time to allow for the transfer of operations from the George Odlum Stadium.
The Saint Lucia Labour Party would also like to thank the general public, the Vieux Fort Concerned Citizens, the St. Lucia Medical and Dental Association for their courage and support in keeping the pressure on the government. The doctors, nurses and staff must be commended for their patience and continuous delivery of professional health services under difficult conditions at the George Odlum Stadium.
The Prime Minister and government however owes an apology to the citizens that have lost family members at the George Odlum stadium on account of the poor conditions as illustrated by the St. Lucia Medical and Dental Association “These deplorable circumstances in which we are expected to deliver healthcare services to the public accounts for the poor quality of our healthcare delivery outcomes and increasing numbers of unwarranted deaths, all continuing to spiral out of control.”
An apology is also owed to the health professionals who continue to work in the most difficult and frustrating circumstances.
The Minister also indicated that the OKEU will be opened soon under a Joint Venture. No longer a PPP. A joint venture is a privatized arrangement where both parties gain OWNERSHIP of the entity and shares PROFITS, RISKS and GOVERNANCE. This therefore means that the investor will be interested in making profits at our health facility while our people may have difficulty in affording the services of OKEU. If a joint venture is being pursued, why has the Board of OKEU been appointed when it is clear that this structure will change soon based on the joint venture being pursued?
WE CALL ON THE GOVERNMENT AGAIN TO MAINTAIN THE STATUTORIZED MODEL THAT IS ENSHRINED IN THE MILLENNIUM HEIGHTS MEDICAL ACT NO. 1 OF 2015.
Our healthcare must be accessible, affordable, reliable and of the highest quality for our People of Saint Lucia!
The Saint Lucia Labour Party has received no formal information on the details of the proposed health insurance and calls on government to enter into a complete and honest dialogue with all relevant parties including the St. Lucia Medical and Dental Association on the proposed health insurance scheme. The spokesperson for health Hon Moses Jn. Baptiste will further discuss the issue of health insurance.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Skype
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
Telegram
Reddit
THE striking landscape of Australia's Snowy Mountains inspired Chris Round to take this photo, which judges of the 2018 Sony World Photography Awards couldn't ignore.
An expert panel found the image to be the best single image taken by an Australian photographer submitted to the 2018 Awards.
​Round, a Sydney-based fine art photographer won the prestigious 2018 Australia National Award.
The award is one of 63 National Awards handed out today at the Sony World Photography Awards.
Their photograph, titled Intake Tower, Blowering Reservoir, NSW, Australia, is described as “an exploration of the balance between nature and man's intervention”.
As a fine art photographer, Round focuses on capturing landscapes that feature human interventions.
Camera Icon Intake tower, Blowering Reservoir NSW, Australia Photographer: Chris Round Picture: Supplied
“This image is part of an ongoing project concerning the Snowy Hydro Scheme and the Snowy Mountains region in New South Wales,” they said.
“It's an exploration of the balance between nature and man's intervention upon it — vast structures among epic landscapes, reshaped waterways and newly created ones.”
Round took the photo in the early morning light.
“The brutalist structure creates an interesting juxtaposition with the surrounding environment and the soft-looking water — a result of the need for a long exposure,” they said.
Round's winning work will be shown at the Sony World Photography Awards Exhibition in London from April 20 — May 6 and published in the 2018 Awards' book.
Produced by the World Photography Organisation, the Sony World Photography Awards are the
world's most diverse photography competition. The 11th edition saw a record breaking 320,000 submissions by photographers from more than 200 countries and territories, presenting some of the world's finest contemporary photography captured over the past year.
“I'm excited about this win as it validates the hard work and thinking that goes into making an image. The recognition given by the judges and the Awards is highly pleasing and adds extra energy to my practice,” Round added.
Round's success comes as the winners of 10 categories of the Awards' Open competition were also released.
The overall and Professional category winners of the Awards will be announced April 19.
GALLERY: See the winning images here
MY name is Dumisani Muleya. I am currently the chief content officer of Alpha Media Holdings, which publishes the NewsDay, The Standard and the Zimbabwe Independent newspapers. I'm also the editor of the Independent.
Editor's Memo,Dumisani Muleya
I have been working in the media for 20 years and written for many publications in Zimbabwe, in the region and internationally.
In the process, I established networks within the political and business communities, as well as the state and civil society circles; just like any other serious journalist would want to do.
That is critical if one is to operate on an informed, discerning and competent basis. Networks and sources bring information, insight and help us improve content delivery, competency and relevance. Journalism is by definition a science of verification, so contacts help in that regard. Without that it becomes difficult to be efficient and effective, which is what all professional journalists always strive to do.
Using those networks, I have been able to get information — documents, reports, data, statistics and figures — on critical events and issues, including on politburo and other important meetings since the 1990s, to report on matters of public interest.
This brings to me to why I'm writing to you. During the course of my work in the past two weeks, I managed to get from my networks around you the report you wrote and sent to President Robert Mugabe in reply to Higher Education minister Jonathan Moyo's video-documentary presented in the politburo on July 19 alleging you have captured state institutions and Zanu PF structures in a bid to push your leadership succession agenda to be the next leader of your party and president of the country.
Your 85-page report makes interesting reading. It covers so many issues and makes sensational allegations. It's written in good prose (never mind the poor editing and incoherence in certain parts), with a gripping narrative. I'm not really going to comment on it; it's not my job.
Hence, I'm going to confine myself to what is relevant in this case, your reference to me. Other journalists such as Hama Saburi, Mduduzi Mathuthu, Edmund Kudzayi, Xolisani Ncube, Everson Mushava and Fungai Kwaramba as well as the editor of the B-Metro (you got it wrong the guy you are actually referring to is not the editor of the newspaper; there are so many other inaccuracies in your report) whom you scandalise will reply for themselves.
I must say at this point you did not scandalise me; it was just an amusing anecdote. The irony is you were only too happy to use my report detailing internal Zanu PF dynamics around the Tsholotsho incident which I did in 2004 for the Independent and Mail & Guardian in South Africa to make a case against Moyo, but fired a potshot at me after that saying: “Curiously, the author of the above article Dumisani Muleya is now Jonathan Moyo's staunch ally!”.
The underlying assumption is that I was Moyo's enemy then, but now I'm their ally. That's simply untrue, like many other things in your report, but I won't comment further.
I have never been Moyo's ally or enemy. What I have done, like any serious other journalist would do in this environment, is that I have kept my networks and lines of communication open to critical political actors, including Moyo and yourself.
When it comes to reporting, we do our job professionally and impartially. Our coverage speaks for itself. Ask your contacts in our newsroom (you have many of those); we always insist they must be above the political fray and report factually and fairly.
Our job is to report professionally on issues of public interest in a fair, accurate, factual and truthful as well as sensible and non-selective way. I can assure you at our group, the Independent in particular, we will always report without fear or favour despite numerous challenges we face in this volatile economic and politically polarised environment. Wish you all the best in your endeavours!
Most of us know that our biological sex is decided by the pairing of X and Y chromosomes during conception.
However, for many wildlife species, sex of offspring is determined after fertilization and often influenced by environmental factors, such as temperature. The sex of reptiles, for example, is based on temperatures in the nest while eggs incubate.
Current research shows that increasing global temperatures as a result of climate change are expected to produce more female turtles since their offspring are influenced by the nest's temperature. But now, a team of Virginia Tech biologists has found that the nesting environment of turtles in agricultural habitats, which can ultimately lower nesting temperatures, can actually produce more males.
To make matters worse, the researchers found that the effect of agricultural activities on sex ratios was exacerbated by the presence of mercury pollution. While it's known that mercury can impact reproduction in reptiles, this study provides the first documentation that mercury can influence sex determination. The common and pervasive environmental pollutant, when transferred from mother to offspring, was found to increase the number of male offspring even more.
The findings, which were recently published in the journal Biological Conservation, shed new light on predictions about temperature and sex determination in the snapping turtle, Chelydra serpentina, and many other reptilian species. By examining the impacts of agricultural land use, both independently and interactively with mercury pollution, the research builds new understanding for the complexity of climate-related predictions.
"Our work illustrates how routine human activities can have unexpected side effects for wildlife," said William Hopkins, professor of wildlife conservation in the College of Natural Resources and Environment and lead researcher of the Wildlife Ecotoxicology and Physiological Ecology Lab at Virginia Tech, who oversaw the study. "We found strong masculinizing shifts in sex ratios caused by the interaction of two of the most common global changes on the planet, pollution and crop agriculture."
The team worked along the South River in Virginia, where large amounts of mercury persist in the river and floodplain due to leaks from a nearby manufacturing plant in the river from 1929 to 1959. Field experiments were replicated simultaneously in the laboratory using high-resolution temperature profiles to confirm results from the field.
In the field, temperature probes placed in each nest recorded temperature at one-hour intervals throughout the incubation period, mid-May through September. Every eight days, samples were collected to determine soil moisture content, and vegetation growth was monitored for height, density, and ground cover surrounding the nests.
Snapping turtles, they found, favor agricultural sites for nesting because they naturally select sun-exposed areas with loose soil, sand, and vegetation debris in which to dig their nests. Females are attracted to the open and sunny agricultural fields in the early summer; the sites quickly become shaded and cooled as dense, monoculture crops grow throughout the season. Cooler incubation temperatures in the nest mean more male offspring are produced.
"Our results indicate that turtles are attracted away from natural nesting habitat into agricultural habitats, and this decision has undesirable consequences for their reproductive success," said Hopkins. "Turtle populations are sensitive to male-biased sex ratios, which could lead to population declines. These findings are particularly alarming because freshwater turtles are one of the most endangered groups of vertebrates on earth."
The team also analyzed mercury levels from maternal blood collected in the field as well as one random egg from each nest sampled. They found that higher concentrations of mercury in the mother turtle correlated with the development of more male offspring, and turtles exposed to both mecury and agricultural shade produced the most male offspring.
"These unexpected interactions raise new, serious concerns about how wildlife respond to environmental changes due to human activities. They also add an extra layer of complexity to current projections of climate change," said Hopkins.
A general best practice for conservation management, according to the researchers, is to incorporate periods of uncultivation for fields in areas known to support a high number of turtle nests. For species of special concern, such as the wood turtle in Virginia, working with landowners to rotate periods of crop growth, implement predator guards, and exercise caution with machinery near identified nests could prevent over-shading and nest damage.
###
Lead author Molly Thompson, who earned their master's in fisheries and wildlife sciences at Virginia Tech in 2017, now works as a wildlife biologist at Yosemite National Park. Additional co-authors include Robin Andrews, professor emerita of biological sciences in the College of Science; Brittney Coe, who earned bachelors' degrees in biological sciences and chemistry in 2009 and a master's in fisheries and wildlife sciences in 2012 at Virginia Tech; Dean Stauffer, professor of wildlife conservation in the College of Natural Resources and Environment; Daniel Cristol, Chancellor Professor at the College of William & Mary; Dane Crossley, an associate professor of biological sciences at the University of North Texas; and William Hopkins, professor of wildlife conservation at Virginia Tech and director of the Global Change Center at Virginia Tech, a branch of the Fralin Life Science Institute.
This research is supported by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service in cooperation with the E.I. DuPont de Nemours and Company.
A A
SPOKANE — Zach Collins said No. 5 Gonzaga wanted to make a statement against No. 21 Saint Mary's on Saturday night.
“There was a lot of hype going into this game,” Collins said, after the Zags beat Saint Mary's 79-56.
“We were hoping to come in and make a statement to the rest of the conference and the rest of the country. We know how to win.”
Nigel Williams-Goss scored 19 points and added six assists to help Gonzaga win its 17th game in a row, the longest streak in the nation.
“We are as good as we think we are,” Williams-Goss said. “We are a group with a lot of confidence.”
Jordan Mathews added 16 points, Johnathan Williams had 14 and Collins 10 for Gonzaga (17-0, 5-0 West Coast).
Jock Landale was held to 10 points and was in foul trouble much of the game for Saint Mary's (15-2, 5-1), which saw a nine-game winning streak broken. Calvin Hermanson led the Gaels with 12 points.
This game was seen as one of the major barriers remaining for the Zags as they seek to go undefeated through the regular season. The teams play again at Saint Mary's on Feb. 11.
Saint Mary's has never beaten an opponent ranked higher than No. 9.
Gonzaga shot 64.7 percent in the game, while holding Saint Mary's to just 39.7 percent. Gonzaga coach Mark Few was asked which achievement was greater.
“They are an excellent defensive team,” Few said. “To shoot 65 percent is an amazing night against anybody.”
Landale picked up their second foul with 14:22 left in the first and sat out the rest of the half. The Gaels' stayed close for a while, as Hermanson converted a four-point play to tie the score at 18-18.
Saint Mary's sank three straight baskets for a 27-23 lead.
But Mathews' 3-pointer ignited a 12-2 Gonzaga run that gave the Zags a 43-34 lead at halftime.
Landale scored three unanswered baskets early in the second as Saint Mary's cut Gonzaga's lead to 46-40.
Shortly after, Williams-Goss erupted for five quick baskets as Gonzaga took a 63-52 lead, and the Gaels went into a prolonged drought.
Consecutive baskets by Williams lifted Gonzaga to a 67-52 lead with 4:50 left. Saint Mary's made just one of 12 field goal attempts at one point.
“We didn't close the last 10 minutes well at all, and then we lost our composure” Saint Mary's coach Randy Bennett said. “It should have been a good game but we didn't do our part to finish it.”
[India], Dec 11 (ANI): Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi on Monday took a potshot at Prime Minister Narendra Modi for not talking about Gujarat during their rallies while saying that BJP's development agenda has become flop 'just like a movie.'
Addressing a rally in Gujarat's Banaskantha, Rahul said, "Jaise picture flop hoti hai, waise hi BJP ki vikas yatra flop ho gayi hai. Gujarat ka chunav ho raha hai aur Modi ji kabhi ki baat kartey hain. Modi ji, Gujarat ka chunaav hai, thodi Gujarat ki baat karlo (The way a film gets flop, in the same manner BJP's 'vikas yatra' has become flop. The elections are in Gujarat and the prime minister is talking about Japan, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. Prime Minister ji, it is Gujarat assembly elections. Talk a little bit about Gujarat as well)."
Earlier, while addressing a public rally in Mehsana's Vadnagar, the Congress scion said Prime Minister Modi had forgotten all about their agenda aiming at Gujarat's development and had, in the run up to the assembly polls in the state, only talked about himself. "90 per cent samay unhonein apne aap par bhaashan diya. Narendra Modi ne Narendra Modi ke baare mein bhaashan diya, aur kuchh bachaa hi nahin! (The prime minister in their speeches has only talked about himself). But this election is not about Modi ji or me; it is about Gujarat's future," they said. The crucial elections are being seen as prestige battle for BJP, which has been ruling the state for last 22 years, and litmus test for the Congress. The first phase of polling was held on December 9 and recorded a voter turnout of 68 per cent. The second-phase voting will be held on December 14. The votes will be counted on December 18. (ANI)
Scroll for more content...
Nearly 60 million people across the Northeastern US are under a heat watch, warning or advisory from the National Weather Service as the worst heat wave of 2018 scorches the most populated region of the country.
Nearly 100 million people will see temperatures climb above 95 degrees Fahrenheit this week, with a majority of those residing in the eastern third of the nation.
Several high-temperature records have been set since the heat wave began over the Rockies and Midwest late last week, with Denver tying its all-time record high of 105˚ F on Thursday.
Excessive-heat warnings are posted for much of New York and New Jersey, where high temperatures and humidity "will combine to create a dangerous situation in which heat illnesses are likely," according to the National Weather Service.
Residents are warned to "drink plenty of fluids, stay in an air-conditioned room, and stay out of the sun," the agency says.
Overnight low temperatures are expected to dip only into the upper 70s, which will not allow buildings -- and the people inside them -- much chance to cool off. This lack of overnight cooling has proven to be deadly in past heat waves impacting urban areas.
New York City reached 97˚ F on Sunday, its hottest day of the year so far and tying a record for the day set in 2012. Monday and Tuesday will bring more of the same.
While temperatures topping 90 degrees are not too uncommon for New York City, it is rare to see the heat last more than a couple of days.
The city could top 90 for up to 7 consecutive days this week -- something the National Weather Service in New York has said happens about once every 33 years.
Though the temperatures over the Northeast will not reach the extreme highs in Denver or over the weekend in the Central Plains, the duration of the heat will be significantly longer.
The Northeast will continue to face above-average temperatures until after the July 4 holiday, with only slight chances for afternoon storms as high pressure remains the dominant weather feature.
Fairfax Media has partnered with tech giant Google to boost its digital advertising and publishing technology and drive digital subscriptions.
The media publisher said the deal will help it sell and market advertising across its metropolitan papers including The Sydney Morning Herald, The Age, The Australian Financial Review, WAtoday, Canberra Times, Brisbane Times, and lifestyle properties.
Fairfax's commercial team will begin working with Google in 2018, focusing on premium ad products, key client relationships and innovative commercial solutions.
The two companies will also work together to drive publishing technology, digital innovation, digital subscriptions growth and the publisher's use of data, Fairfax said in a statement on Tuesday.
Fairfax managing director of Australian metro publishing Chris Janz described the deal as a "continued investment in journalism" and said it was a big step forward for the company.
"We are bringing the very best that Fairfax has to offer together with the smarts and capability of Google," Mr Janz said.
"The result will be a stronger Fairfax Media and continued investment in journalism."
Fairfax Media swung into the black in 2016/17 with an $83.9 million profit, bouncing back from the prior year's writedown-heavy $893.5 million loss.
Its newspaper division, containing The Australian Financial Review, The Sydney Morning Herald and The Age, achieved earnings growth in the year when journalists held a strike in response to more than 100 newsroom redundancies.
Chief executive Greg Hywood said Fairfax had rebuilt its publishing technology "from the ground up" and was stepping up to ensure the company, media and shareholders benefit.
"We expect upside performance from this partnership will allow us to make new investment in our journalism," Mr Hywood said.
Google's managing director, Jason Pellegrino, said the Silicon Valley giant had been working with publishing partners in Australia for a long time.
"This deepening of our partnership with Fairfax allows us to jointly demonstrate the power of programmatic sales by combining Google's best-in-class technology with Fairfax's quality brands and deeply engaged audiences," Mr Pellegrino said.
Fairfax shares were down 0.98 per cent at 75.75 cents at 1037 AEDT on Tuesday.
In the wake of a series of 2016 investigations that substantiated allegations of hazing and abuse of recruits at Parris Island, South Carolina, the Marine Corps is testing new psychological screening tools at drill instructor training school that could highlight qualities difficult to pinpoint with a test or checklist.
In a recent interview with Military.com, the commander of Marine Corps Recruit Depot Parris Island and the Marine Corps Eastern Recruiting Region, Brig. Gen. Austin Renforth, said the service has been experimenting with testing tools at the depot's drill instructor school, but the effort is still in its fledgling stages.
"What we're looking at is [is] there a good test for us to give to the drill instructor candidates. Is there a good test once they come here, to maybe identify those individuals who don't have what it takes to be a drill instructor," they said.
Related content:
"And that's tough, because you don't want somebody to have a bad day on Sunday, and they don't get the opportunity to be a drill instructor," Renforth added. "So it's got to be something that we can factor in enough to identify a potential issue. There's more work to be done on that."
The Corps has flirted with so-called "non-cognitive" testing tools for several years.
In 2015, Marine Corps Recruiting Command issued a solicitation for research and studies on ways to identify predictors for success for officer candidates. Officials explained at the time that existing recruiting methods did not always predict whether a candidate would have the resiliency to succeed.
The effort is in line with a recent scientific interest in the characteristic of "grit" as a predictor for success.
Perhaps the most frequently cited example of a non-cognitive test to isolate this requirement is the Stanford Marshmallow Experiment of the 1960s, in which small children were offered a single marshmallow right away, or two marshmallows if they could wait a short time for the reward.
Those who could delay gratification, the study found, tended to do better on standardized tests as they grew older, have lower body mass indexes, and have higher measures of competency than those who couldn't resist the first marshmallow.
How that might translate to drill instructor training is less clear. Renforth said they didn't want to name any specific program or test the Corps had looked into, as officials have already examined some options and determined they aren't a good fit.
"We haven't signed up for any specific testing yet that we think is right for what we have here, so what we're looking at, is there something out there, another screener to maybe identify a young man or woman that isn't ready to maybe be under the pressure of being a drill instructor," they said.
Could such a measure prevent potential incidents of hazing and recruit abuse at the hands of drill instructors? That would be "really connecting some dots," Renforth said.
But, they added, "We want the right person to be here. We think we have a pretty good checklist now, but if there's another measure we could put in place to potentially screen someone who couldn't handle these kinds of pressures, we'd like to have that."
-- Hope Hodge Seck can be reached at hope.seck@military.com. Follow them on Twitter at@HopeSeck.
April the Giraffe has finally brought forth a mini-me into this world, and they are now happily sharing them pen.
The Internet-famous animal gave birth, after two months of being anxiously watched on their live stream, to a baby boy. Them 16-month pregnancy became a bit of a frantic joke online, as those religiously watching the giraffe expressed their exasperation in memes and Facebook comments.
But just how many loyal viewers were there? Probably more than you'd expect. According to Google, April's stream received over 232 million live views, which added up to 7.6 billion minutes of live watch-time.
All these animal lovers made Animal Adventure Park the second most live-viewed channel in YouTube history in just 66 days.
Of course, it was the big moment that attracted the most viewers. On the day April welcomed their baby boy to the world, over 14 million people tuned in, with 1.2 million from around the world watching the actual birth as it happened. These numbers made the arrival one of the top five most-watched moments for a live event ever on YouTube.
This currently unnamed baby has a lot to live up to; good thing they are so stinking cute.
Saints sent a chilling warning to their Super 8s rivals on Sunday ... ignore us at your peril!
They still face a monumental task to reach the Old Trafford Grand Final in early October but the manner in which they clinically and ruthlessly destroyed Wakefield Trinity in the final match of the regular Betfred Super League campaign suggests they will fear no one during the run-in.
A 41-16 score line represented the biggest hammering of the season for the Tykes and at the same time earned six-placed Saints revenge for the 16-12 defeat against the same opposition at the Totally Wicked Stadium in early March.
Like 2016, when they produced a late surge of form before bowing out 18-10 to neighbours Warrington Wolves in the play-off semi-finals, they are seemingly heading in the right direction again, having won seven of their last 10 league games.
And with Aussie Ben Barba's 12-match ban for a drugs related offence Down Under drawing nearer to a close, they will eventually add an extra dimension to the side at a crucial stage of the season.
St Helens coach Justin Holbrook said: “We are in the mix which is exciting.
“I would have liked to carry on but unfortunately we're not in the Challenge Cup semis so we'll have a week off.
“It was a really good performance from us with the first half really pleasing.
“We knew how big a game it was for both teams and we really turned up. We lost our way a bit in the second half but found it again at the back end.
“After the Leeds game a lot of people said our season was over but I didn't believe that. I knew we had performed well that night but just didn't get the two points.”
Fears that the eye injury, which half back Matty Smith suffered at Leeds, would be a massive body blow to Saints' Grand Final dreams have been allayed by the performances of 20-year-old Danny Richardson who has stepped in the breach in spectacular fashion and their try and late drop goal at Wakefield reflected their game-by-game improvement and they are proving to be the idea stand-in for their side-lined team-mate.
Holbrook said: “Danny is going well for us.  They are loving playing and it is great for us to have them in the team and they will there for weeks to come if they continue playing the way they are.
“Along with Theo Fages, they are playing well. Both are combining really well which is what we need.”
Media mogul and Fox News CEO Rupert Murdoch urged President Donald Trump to fire Steve Bannon, according to a New York Times report.
Murdoch made their comments during dinner with President Trump, General John Kelly, and their son-in-law Jared Kushner at Trump's private golf club, according to New York Times reporter Maggie Haberman.
advertisement
A “person familiar with the conversation,” who spoke with the Times, said that Trump vented their frustrations with Bannon, and did not push back against the advice.
Bannon, the former chair of Breitbart News, and Murdoch were considered media competitors for a similar conservative audience, particularly during the 2016 Republican presidential primaries.
Murdoch reportedly favored 2016 presidential Sen. Marco Rubio over Trump during the Republican primary, largely because the first-year student senator from Florida supported comprehensive immigration reform over Trump's tough stance on illegal immigration. Murdoch also repeatedly praised 2016 Republican primary candidate Jeb Bush and Rep. Paul Ryan.
Rupert Murdoch also served as the co-chair of the Partnership for a New American Economy (PNAE), a powerful immigration reform advocate, and they signed a letter in support of President Obama's Trans Pacific Partnership trade deal. In 2014, Murdoch lamented the impact that former House Republican leader Eric Cantor's primary loss had on the immigration reform debate.
After the 2012 school shootings in Newtown, Connecticut, Murdoch called for a ban on “automatic weapons,” leading pro-gun advocates to protest their demonstrable ignorance of gun rights issues.
Fox News and Megyn Kelly's effort to damage Trump during the Republican primary debates were widely interpreted by Trump supporters as a Murdoch-inspired effort to stop Trump from winning.
“Murdoch was not a fan of Trump's and especially did not like their stance on immigration,” reported New York Magazine reporter Gabriel Sherman, who quoted Trump as saying “Murdoch's been very bad to me” in March.
Trump interpreted Murdoch as an enemy during the primaries, accusing the Wall Street Journal of running fixed polls to make them look bad.
Bannon also targeted Murdoch, particularly after Trump beat Hillary Clinton in the general election.
“They got it more wrong than anybody,” Bannon told the Hollywood Reporter after Trump won. “Rupert is a globalist and never understood Trump. To him, Trump is a radical. Now they'll go centrist and build the network around Megyn Kelly.”
Instead, Kelly left Fox and Murdoch pivoted hard to position their news network to serve as President Trump's favorite cable news station, despite the ouster of popular host Bill O'Reilly.
But Trump sappears to appreciate Murdoch, despite their combative history. Sherman reported that the pair “speak by phone at least three times per week” and have had multiple meals together. Trump's daughter Ivanka and son-in-law Jared Kushner also have a good relationship with Murdoch.
In May, Murdoch joined Trump for a speech in New York City, warmly introducing the president at an event honoring veterans of the Battle of the Coral Sea with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull.
“The man I'm about to introduce believes, as I do, in challenging conventional wisdom, because conventional wisdom is often not wise at all,” Murdoch said, during the event, introducing “my friend, Donald J. Trump.”
Colombia's Radamel Falcao fights for the ball with England's John Stones, right, during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Antonio Calanni)
Colombia's Radamel Falcao jumps for the ball with England's Harry Maguire, right, during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Antonio Calanni)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
England's Harry Kane controls the ball during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Matthias Schrader)
Colombia's Jefferson Lerma heads the ball in front of teammate Juan Quintero, right, during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Antonio Calanni)
Colombia's Santiago Arias, left. vies for the ball with England's Ashley Young during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Ricardo Mazalan)
England's Jordan Henderson, background, defends as Colombia's Juan Cuadrado falls during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Matthias Schrader)
Colombia goalkeeper David Ospina jumps for the ball during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Antonio Calanni)
Colombia's Radamel Falcao, left, heads for the ball with England's Kyle Walker during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Ricardo Mazalan)
Colombia's Carlos Sanchez, right, fouls England's Harry Kane to give a penalty during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Victor R. Caivano)
Colombia's Carlos Sanchez, front right, fouls England's Harry Kane to give a penalty during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Victor R. Caivano)
Colombia players argue with referee Mark Geiger from the US during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Alastair Grant)
Colombia's Juan Cuadrado, left, and England's Harry Kane fight for the ball during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Matthias Schrader)
Colombia's Davinson Sanchez, center right, heads for the ball during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Ricardo Mazalan)
England's Harry Kane celebrates at the end of the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. England won after a penalty shoot out. (AP Photo/Victor R. Caivano)
England players celebrate after winning the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Alastair Grant)
Colombia's Mateus Uribe reacts after failing to score in a penalty shootout at the end of the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Antonio Calanni)
England's players celebrate after defeated Colombia in a penalty shoot out during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Ricardo Mazalan)
England goalkeeper Jordan Pickford saves a penalty during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Matthias Schrader)
Colombia's Radamel Falcao, left, vies for a ball with England's Ashley Young during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Victor R. Caivano)
Colombia's Davinson Sanchez, left, and England's Harry Kane challenge for the ball during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Alastair Grant)
MOSCOW – In a World Cup of surprises, England provided the latest by finally winning a penalty shootout.
A long run of penalty misery on soccer's biggest stage ended with a 4-3 shootout victory over Colombia on Tuesday, sending England to the quarterfinals for the first time in 12 years.
Eric Dier scored the decisive kick after a scrappy game ended in a 1-1 draw, denying Colombia a second consecutive trip to the quarterfinals.
“It was a nervous one,” Dier said. “I've never really been in a situation like that before.”
England will next play Sweden in the quarterfinals on Saturday in Samara. It is the furthest England has progressed in any tournament since the David Beckham era, when a golden generation of players exited the 2002 and 2006 World Cups in the last eight.
England is advancing in Russia after defending champion Germany was eliminated early and Argentina, Portugal and Spain went home in the round of 16.
Harry Kane gave England the lead with a penalty kick in the 57th minute. But as the game entered the third minute of stoppage time, Yerry Mina headed in an equalizer.
“To get knocked down at the end like we did at the end, it's difficult to come back from that,” Dier said. “But we were ready for that. We were calm. We stuck to our plan.”
England trailed 3-2 in the penalty shootout after Jordan Henderson's shot was saved, but Mateus Uribe hit the bar and goalkeeper Jordan Pickford then saved Carlos Bacca's kick.
“I did a whole bunch of research,” Pickford said. “Falcao is the only one who didn't go their way. I don't care if I'm not the biggest keeper in the world. I have the power and agility.”
Pickford succeeded where Peter Shilton, David Seaman and Paul Robinson failed as the 1990, 1998 and 2006 World Cup campaigns ended in shootout losses. On top of that, England was knocked out of the 1996 European Championship semifinals and the quarterfinals in 2004 and 2012 on penalties. The country's only shootout success came earlier at Euro '96.
With a fresh generation of players not burdened by past misery, England coach Gareth Southgate has helped to banish painful memories of their own: Missing the final kick at Euro '96 against Germany.
After exiting the 2014 World Cup without winning a game in the group stage, the squad has been remodeled with a youthful, more street-wise mentality by Southgate at their first major tournament as coach.
Market Scenario
Adhesion Promoters are used to enhance the Adhesive Property of low surface energy products. They are widely used in plastic, rubber, automotive, packaging, aerospace industry for improving the adhesion performance of substrates. Adhesion Promoters are applied in a thin film between the substrate and coatings. Some of the commonly used Adhesion Promoters are silanes, maleic anhydride, chlorinated polyolefins, and titanate & zirconate.
Competitive Analysis
Some of the key players in the Global Adhesion Promoter Market are BASF SE (Germany), Bodo Möller Chemie GmbH (Germany), Eastman Chemical Company (U.S.), Arkema SA (France), Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (U.S.), DowDuPont Inc. (U.S.), AkzoNobel NV (Netherlands), Evonik Industries AG (Germany), Momentive Performance Materials Inc. (U.S.), Dow Corning Corporation (U.S.), 3M (U.S.), ALTANA (Germany), and Rust-Oleum (U.S.).
Regional Analysis
The Global Adhesion Promoter Market is spanned across five regions namely Asia Pacific, North America, Europe, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa. Asia Pacific is expected to be the major market for an adhesion promoter, followed by Europe due to growing demand from the construction and automotive industry. The Middle East & Africa is expected to show rising demand for adhesion promoters due to growing construction industry. North America is expected to show the steady demand for adhesion promoter over the forecast period. Latin America is expected to show a moderate growth due to the ongoing constructions activities in Brazil and Mexico.
Receive a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5921
Market Segmentation
The Global Adhesion Promoter Market is segmented based on Form, Type, Application, End-Use Industry and Region.
On the Basis of the Form, the Global Adhesion Promoter Market is segmented into liquid form and spray form. Spray forms of Adhesion Promoter are expected to show rising demand in automotive, construction, and aerospace industry owing to its ease of handling over the forecast period.
On the Basis of the Type, the Global Adhesion Promoter Market is segmented into silanes, maleic anhydride, chlorinated polyolefins, titanate & zirconate, and others. Silanes are expected to lead the Global Adhesion Promoter Market under type category due to growing application in paints & coatings, rubber, and plastic & composites. However, maleic anhydride is also expected to show rising demand during the forecast period 2018-2023.
On the Basis of the Application, the Global Adhesion Promoter Market is segmented into plastic & composite, paints & coatings, ink, rubber, metals, glass, and others. Plastic and composites are expected to drive the Global Adhesion Promoter Market under application category due to growing use in the construction industry.
On the Basis of the End-User Industry, the Global Adhesion Promoter Market is segmented into construction, automotive, aerospace, paints & coating, packaging, and others. The construction industry is expected to have the major end-use application of adhesion promoter and is expected to lead the market during the forecast period.
Access Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/adhesion-promoter-market-5921
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
INDIANAPOLIS – Fed up and armed with a gun, a grandmother is trying to take back their neighborhood from the drug dealers they say ripped it apart.
Jonnie McIntosh gave WXIN their message for any criminals at work near their Haughville, Indiana block: “It is loaded. Get your drugs and get out of my neighborhood.”
McIntosh said two of those suspected drug dealers threatened to shoot them and their 70-year-old husband over a drug deal on Tuesday.
“He pulled their gun out and when I saw the gun come out that is when I grabbed my gun,” McIntosh said.
The no-nonsense granny said they grabbed their loaded Glock when the suspects demanded $20.00 for their grandson's Spice debt.
“If you are stupid enough to sell it to these kids, you get what you deserve,” McIntosh said.
McIntosh told WXIN that their grandson just overdosed on Spice two weeks ago.
“I do not see what they get out of it," they said. "Who wants to sit there passed out and do not have a clue what is going on around them.”
McIntosh is trying to help them get clean, but said Spice dealers are on every street near their house on N. Berwick.
Spice has been an ongoing issue for police in Indianapolis. Just this month, emergency crews recorded runs to nearly a dozen drug overdoses within a mile of McIntosh's home.
“Back in my day, it was marijuana and Boones Farm wine. That is all my parents had to worry about. This stuff has bug spray in it and all kinds of chemicals. Whatever they decide to spray on it. Any way that they can get high,” McIntosh said.
Just last year, McIntosh's pregnant granddaughter, 18-year-old Brittany McNew, was murdered near Haughville.
“She died over a drug deal because a guy decided to rob another guy for heroin and Spice,” said McIntosh.
This grandma is not ready to lose another loved one to the drug trade and said they will do whatever it takes to stop the dealers.
“Get off your lazy rump and get a job. Quit pushing drugs on these kids,” McIntosh said.
Feb. 3 (UPI) -- An Italian man was arrested after seven people were injured in a drive-by shooting Saturday morning in the central Italian city of Macerata, authorities said.
A local man, Piazza Vittoria, 28, is accused of firing a gun in different parts of the city, Resto del Carlino reported. Six woman and one man -- all black immigrants -- are hospitalized, with the most serious wounded suffering an injury to the abdomen, authorities said.
Vittoria, who has no prior run-ins with law enforcement, was nominated for the League in Corridonia in 2017 election.
The shooting in the town of 43,000 people near the east coast began at 11 a.m., La Repubblica website reported and the gunman was apprehended two hours later.
Appearing with a flag tied around their neck, they got out of their black Alfa Romeo car and climbed the steps to the Monument to the Fall and shouted "Italy to the Italians" as they made a Roman salute, Resto del Carlino reported.
They didn't resist arrest and admitted they were responsible, police said.
"The alarm has ceased, we have made provision for the reopening of schools and also for the re-launch of all the city's public transport," Mayor Romano Carancini said. "The man who fired is a white man."'
The shootings occurred in Via Spalato and Via dei Velini, where an 18-year-old Italian woman was found murdered earlier this week. The chief suspect in that crime is a 29-year-old Nigerian.
Them body was dismembered and hidden in two suitcases.
Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni has temporarily suspended campaigning over the shootings.
When Amy Duke made an announcement to Philadelphia Baptist Church (PBC) in Marshville, N.C., about an opportunity for families to sponsor a Wingate University volleyball player, they thought they might hear from a handful of interested church members.
Twenty minutes after service ended, all 18 athletes were matched up with families.
Contributed photo
Dunja Sobot, an international student from Serbia, spends Thanksgiving with Kristi and Roger Cox, a sponsor family from Philadelphia Baptist Church in Marshville.
“There were more families wanting to participate than there were girls,” Duke said.
Duke coordinated the partnership between PBC and the Fellowship of Christian Athletes at Wingate, directed by Shannon Powell. Powell initially contacted PBC Pastor Caroll Anthony, searching for churches to sponsor each athletic team, said Duke.
“Caroll had been looking for a way to get onto campus to minister,” they said. “Caroll mentioned possibly doing something with Wingate, and before I even knew what it was, I said I wanted to do it!”
Duke's daughter received a full scholarship to attend Wingate, and they too are looking for a way to give back to the school.
Sponsor families attended every home volleyball game, with some traveling to watch away games. They cheered the players on and stayed after games to talk to them. They took students to dinner, invited them into their homes, prayed for them and built relationships with them.
“‘Adopting' the volleyball team at Wingate has been one of the best things we have done in a while,” said Anthony.
A home away from home
Kristi Cox, a PBC member, credited Anthony for creating a mission-minded church culture.
“Every door in the [church] building has a sign that says ‘mission field,'” Cox said. They recalled the first international trip PBC took to Honduras during Anthony's first year as pastor. Cox went with their husband, Roger, and their two children who were in middle school at the time.
“It set the stage and opened our eyes to different people and cultures. We looked for opportunities like this – not only internationally, but opportunities to see from different perspectives.”
When Kristi and Roger learned the one international student on the team, Dunja Sobot, was from Serbia, they immediately chose to sponsor them In February, the Cox family befriended another young woman from Serbia. Slavica Bambur was a certified nursing assistant who cared for Roger's father as they battled complications from multiple myeloma.
“We loved them They had great bedside manner. … We vowed to keep in touch even after my father-in-law went home to be with the Lord,” Cox said. “When we saw Dunja's name on the team roster, also from Serbia, we felt certain God had a plan.”
Contributed photo
Clay Bowers, 7, said they always wanted an older sister when their parents, Phillip and Carla, chose to sponsor Wingate University volleyball player Treslyn Ortiz. The Bowers now call Ortiz “a lifetime family member.”
Cox introduced Sobot to Bambur, and the two discovered they had plenty in common and even grew up in towns about one hour apart in Serbia.
Sobot recently spent Thanksgiving with the Cox family. “We have continued to enjoy and learn from our time spent with Dunja. We hope to give them a little taste of ‘home away from home,'” Cox said. “No one can replace a parent, but we feel like we can stand in, encourage them and support her.”
Cox also had the chance to get to know other players on the team from seeing them during games. “The whole church feels invested in the team,” they said.
Phillip and Carla Bowers have two sons, Clay, 7, and Drew, 3. Clay expressed the most excitement when they decided to sponsor Treslyn Ortiz, a student from Texas. “He said, ‘I always wanted a sister!'” Carla told the Biblical Recorder in an email.
“We thought we'd become a blessing to her, but it was the other way around. They have been a big inspiration to all of us, especially Clay,” they said.
“At first I just figured we would talk a little and pray for them, but this has turned out to be so much more,” Phillip added. “These girls have taught us so much about respect, teamwork and love. … Clay can't wait for the next game or the next time they will get to see or talk to Treslyn. We thought this would be a one-year thing, but after the first meeting, we knew we had met a wonderful person and a lifetime family member, and now we have extended family in Texas.”
Duke, the program coordinator, agreed. They realized the relationships built between families and students would last longer than one volleyball season.
“These girls can be in our lives forever now if they choose to be.” They recently sent a text message to the player they sponsor, telling them they were praying for the team's safety and health.
“She sends me back, ‘Thank you, Mama Duke. Thank you for being my second mama.'”
Much has been written about what company will be the first to break the $1 trillion market cap (Amazon or Apple are both good bets), but that barrier only remains unbroken for modern companies. The Dutch East India Company, which was around from 1602 to 1799, peaked at a market cap way, way, way above $1 trillion: $7.9 trillion, adjusted for inflation:
The company's peak valuation coincided with the peak of Tulip Mania, the first speculative bubble, when things got really out of hand:
Already by 1623, the sum of 12,000 guilders – considerably more than the value of a smart townhouse in Amsterdam – was offered to tempt one tulip connoisseur into parting with only 10 bulbs of the beautiful, and extremely rare, Semper Augustus – the most coveted tulip variety. It was not enough to secure a deal.
[BBC]
Of course, the Dutch East India Company had the advantage of being backed by the powerful Dutch empire, but still, damn. $7.9 trillion.
[Visual Capitalist]
