You can count one of the program's former rival coaches among those thinking Cincinnati can be a real factor come NCAA Tournament time.
"I think they've got an outstanding team that could get to the Final Four depending on who they play, the health, and if they bring their 'A' game," former Xavier coach and current CBS Sports Network radio analyst Pete Gillen told the Cincinnati Enquirer this week.
"You need a player that can make a big shot down the stretch," Gillen said. "I think Jacob Evans can do that. Gary Clark can do that. Usually those last games tend to be low-scoring. Coaches get a little conservative. You need guys that can put it on the deck and create. That, and great defense. Defense travels on the road and in your tournaments."
The No. 8 Bearcats (20-2, 9-0 American) take their 13-game winning streak on the road with a visit to struggling Connecticut in Hartford on Saturday.
UConn (11-11, 4-5) has lost four of its last five games amid the growing fan call to fire former national champion-coach Kevin Ollie.
"They've had every possible weird injury that you can have," Cincy coach Mick Cronin told Bearcats.com. "They've just had a lot of things happen to them. All I know is that they've got good guard play and we've got to get ready to play."
Cincinnati, which beat UConn three times last season, the third win coming in the semifinals of the conference tournament, is coming off erasing an 18-point first-half deficit and raying past Houston for its 38th straight home victory.
UConn is coming off an 80-71 road loss at Central Florida.
The Huskies got Terry Larrier back in the lineup -- Larrier wearing a mask to protect their face after suffering a fractured sinus wall that required surgery after they took a shot to the face Jan. 10 and was in and out of the lineup with severe headaches.
(Submitted, City of Oak Ridge) The City of Oak Ridge's Community Development Department is continuing the Oak Ridge City Blueprint effort with a discussion focused on the Emory Valley, Briarcliff and Lakeview residential neighborhoods. An open house will be held between 5:30 p.m. and 7:00 p.m. on Thursday, August 24, 2017, at Jefferson Middle School.
Families living in these subareas are encouraged to attend and provide ideas and suggestions for possible neighborhood improvements. Please note that no formal presentation is planned for this event. Those attending can come and go anytime during the open house to meet, ask questions and share thoughts with City staff and board representatives.
What: Oak Ridge City Blueprint Open House
Emory Valley, Briarcliff & Lakeview Neighborhoods
When: Thursday, August 24, 2017
5:30 p.m. – 7:00 p.m.
Where: Jefferson Middle School Gymnasium
200 Fairbanks Road, Oak Ridge, TN 37830
The blueprint is being coordinated by the Community Development Department, with input from the Oak Ridge Planning Commission, as well as other boards, commissions and City leaders. Once finished, it will be a guiding document that provides direction for future growth, development and decision-making. Community Development is planning to host additional meetings as they move forward in order to gain insight and input from other neighborhoods.
A blueprint kick-off meeting was held in January with more than 500 people in attendance. A summary of the feedback gathered during that meeting is available for review on the City of Oak Ridge website. The blueprint is now focused on identifying and defining priorities for subareas. Residents can review subarea plans online and keep track of upcoming meeting dates.
For more information on the open house event and the Oak Ridge City Blueprint effort, contact the Community Development Department at (865) 425-3531.
Fire crews were able to save five horses from a frozen pond in northern Alberta this weekend during a dramatic rescue that was caught on video.
When fire crews from three nearby towns arrived on the scene on Sunday, they found seven horses trapped in the ice, CTV News Edmonton reported.
The crews were able to use chainsaws to help free five of the horses, but it was too late for two others.
The rescue operation happened just west of Grande Prairie.
While women were often the traditional home cooks, Michelin-starred restaurants were mostly helmed by men; this previous status quo is now being challenged more than ever, especially with the rise of a young generation of critically and commercially successful female chefs. In fact, Regent Taipei welcomed two such female guest chef collaborations in December with 2017 Asia Best Female Chef May Chow and, Janice Wong, awarded Asia's Best Pastry Chef in 2013 and 2014.
From December 1st to December 3rd, Chef May Chow, chef-owner of the popular Hong Kong eatery Little Bao, hosted a three-day pop-up event at Regent Taipei's B2 Regent Galleria, its first international collaboration in Taiwan. Chef May presented Little Bao's signature Pork Belly Bao, Szechuan Fried Chicken Bao and Dessert Ice Cream Bao and their exclusive Ube Ice Cream creation for Regent Taipei.
Queen of desserts, Chef Janice Wong, is collaborating with Regent Taipei to present a selection of Chocolate Gift Sets, Chocolate Lollipops and Christmas Hampers, filled with an assortment of chocolate, cotton candy and cookies – perfect for gifts and sweet treats. Them acclaimed chocolate flavors range from the classic, such as coffee, peanut butter, sea salt caramel, black sesame, yuzu, strawberry cake, to the wildly innovative such as pistachio lime, gula melaka, mango curry, laksa lemongrass and Thai lime. The exclusive flavor for this collaboration with Regent Taipei is their Milk Tea Chocolate - dressed in a bold red with Regent's signature grey hue. Prices start from NT$80 per lollipop while gift sets start at NT$880 and orders can be made at Regent Gift Shop. Items will be available to pick-up from mid-December.
Chris is joined by Wanda Taylor of the Whistle stop Deli to show off the delicious sandwiches you can eat! Wanda shows us some of the sweets…
To help achieve your long-term goals, such as a comfortable retirement, you should save and invest regularly. But that's only part of the picture.
You also need to protect your financial assets in various ways. One such method is guarding your personal information — especially any information that could be linked to your financial accounts. It's obviously important to be vigilant at any time, but you need to be even more on your toes during the holiday season, when fraudsters are particularly active.
So, to help keep your important data under wraps during the holidays, consider these suggestions:
Extend your protection to all mobile devices. Identity thieves can now compromise your mobile devices by installing spyware that steals usernames, passwords and credit card information. Fortunately, you can fight back. By doing a little research online, you can find the best mobile security software for your needs.
Use multiple passwords. Online security specialists recommend that you use different passwords for each new online shopping site you visit during the holiday season.
Although this might seem like a hassle, it can be helpful, because even if identity thieves were to grab one of your new passwords, they still couldn't use it for other sites you may visit. And you can even find a free online program that can help you keep track of all your passwords.
Be suspicious of “huge savings.” It happens every holiday season — identity thieves develop fake sites with attractive graphics and stunningly low prices on a variety of items, especially digital devices. If you fall for these pitches, you won't get any merchandise, but you might get a handful of headaches once the bad guys have your credit card number and other personal information. To prevent this, be wary of any deal that sounds too good to be true, and do some digging on the websites that offer these mega-savings.
Watch for fake shipping notices. During the holidays, when you may do a lot of online shopping, you will probably receive some legitimate shipping notices. But the bad guys have gotten pretty good at generating fake notices designed to resemble those from UPS, FedEx and even Canada Post. If you were to click on the link provided by one of these bogus notices, you could either take on some malware or get taken to a “phishing” website created by the shipping notice forgers. Your best defence: Only shop with legitimate merchants and only use the tracking numbers given to you in the email you received immediately after making your purchases.
Keep your social insurance number to yourself. As a general rule, don't give out your social insurance number online — to anyone. No legitimate retailer needs this number.
Finally, be aware that not all attempts at stealing your personal information will come online. When you're out shopping at old-fashioned, brick-and-mortar stores, consider bringing just one credit card with you — and protect that card from prying eyes.
By following these precautions, you should be able to greatly reduce the risk of being victimized by identity thieves and other miscreants. And the more comfortable you are in doing your holiday shopping, the more you can enjoy the season.
— John Beyer, CFP, is a financial adviser with the Niagara Falls Brokerage firm of Edward Jones. Visit the website at www.edwardjones.com.
Senior officials in the Palestinian Authority (PA) promised that they would never cease paying terrorists' salaries and said Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu would have to pay more if the salaries were deducted from the payments to the PA.
"The Palestinian Authority will never stop paying salaries to the families of prisoners and martyrs," senior PA officials told Reshet Kan Bet.
"Netanyahu is destroying the Palestinian Authority by deducting these funds from the taxes. In the end, he'll need to replace the Authority and pay all of the salaries in the [West] Bank and Gaza."
Under the new law, the Israeli government will withhold tax funds to the Palestinian Authority as long as the PA continues to pay salaries to terrorists who attack Israeli citizens. This year, the sum amounts to over NIS 1.2 billion ($328 million) in tax revenues.
The law, proposed by MKs Avi Dichter (Likud) and Elazar Stern (Yesh Atid), passed in its second and third readings with a vote of 87-15. All Knesset factions except for the far-left Meretz party and the Joint Arab List supported the bill.
On Tuesday, Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman (Yisrael Beytenu) founded the National Bureau for Fighting Terror with Economics, which will be responsible for implementing the law deducting terrorists' salaries from money transferred to the PA as well as coordinating Israel's economic battle against terror organizations in Israel and abroad.
The Bureau will also track the financial activities of those involved in terror, both in Israel and abroad, as well as coordinate between the various government offices and security agencies and lead the economic battle against terror in the international arena.
On Tuesday, Liberman said, "The war on terror is based on two pillars - security and economic - and we're working to eliminate terrorism by military means and at the same time drying up its sources of funding."
ISTANBUL (AP) — The Islamic State group on Monday claimed responsibility for the New Year's attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people and wounded scores of others.
The IS-linked Aamaq News Agency said the attack was carried by a “heroic soldier of the caliphate who attacked the most famous nightclub where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast.”
It said the man opened fire from an automatic rifle and also detonated hand grenades in “revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders” of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
The group described Turkey as “the servant of the cross” and also suggested it was in retaliation for Turkish military offensives against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq.
“We let infidel Turkey know that the blood of Muslims that is being shed by its airstrikes and artillery shelling will turn into fire on its territories,” the statement said.
Earlier, Turkish media reports had said that Turkish authorities believed the IS group was behind the attack and that the gunman, who is still at large, comes from a Central Asian nation and is likely to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
According to Hurriyet and Karar newspapers, police had also established similarities with the high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell could have carried out both attacks.
The gunman killed a police officer and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before entering and firing at an estimated 600 people partying inside with an automatic rifle.
Nearly two-thirds of the dead in the upscale club, which is frequented by local celebrities, were foreigners, Turkey's Anadolu Agency said. Many of them hailed from the Middle East.
Citing Justice Ministry officials, Anadolu reported that 38 of the 39 dead have been identified and 11 of them were Turkish nationals, and one was a Turkish-Belgian dual citizen.
The report says seven victims were from Saudi Arabia; three each were from Lebanon and Iraq; two each were from Tunisia, India, Morocco and Jordan. Kuwait, Canada, Israel, Syria and Russia each lost one citizen.
Relatives of the victims and embassy personal were seen walking into an Istanbul morgue to claim the bodies of the deceased.
Turkish officials haven't released the names of those identified.
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey, which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq.
The country endured multiple bombings in 2016, including three in Istanbul alone that authorities blamed on IS, a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast.
The Islamic State group claims to have cells in the country. Analysts think it was behind suicide bombings last January and March that targeted tourists on Istanbul's iconic Istiklal Street as well as the attack at Ataturk Airport in June, which killed 45 people.
In August, Turkey sent troops and tanks into northern Syria, to clear a border area from the IS and also curb the territorial advances of Syrian Kurdish forces in the region. The incursion followed an IS suicide attack on an outdoor wedding party in the city of Gaziantep, near the border with Syria, that killed more than 50 people.
In December, IS released a video purportedly showing the killing of two Turkish soldiers and urged its supporters to “conquer” Istanbul. Turkey's jets regularly bomb the group in the northern Syrian town of Al-Bab. Turkish authorities haven't confirmed the authenticity of the video.
Last week, Turkey and Russia brokered a cease-fire for Syria that excludes the IS and other groups considered to be terrorist organizations.
On Monday, Anadolu said more than 100 Islamic State targets in Syria have been hit by Turkey and Russia in separate operations.
Citing the Turkish Chief of General Staff's office, Anadolu said Turkish jets struck eight IS group targets while tanks and artillery fired upon 103 targets near Al Bab, killing 22 extremists while destroying many structures. The Russian jets also attacked IS targets in Dayr Kak, eight kilometers (five miles) to the southwest of Al Bab.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by “taking advantage of the chaos” that ensued. Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus to escape the attack.
___
Bassem Mroue reported from Beirut. Suzan Fraser in Ankara, and Cinar Kiper in Istanbul, contributed to this report.
Major business and economic events scheduled for Thursday:
All times are Eastern.
WASHINGTON — Labor Department releases fourth-quarter productivity data, 8:30 a.m.
WASHINGTON — Institute for Supply Management releases its manufacturing index for January, 10 a.m.
WASHINGTON — Freddie Mac, the mortgage company, releases weekly mortgage rates, 10 a.m.
WASHINGTON — Commerce Department releases construction spending for December, 10 a.m.
DETROIT — Automakers release vehicle sales for January.
United Parcel Service Inc. reports quarterly financial results before the market opens.
Alphabet Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes.
Amazon.com Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes.
Visa Inc. Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes.
Apple Inc. reports quarterly financial results after the market closes.
BEREA, Ohio (AP) — Myles Garrett limped off the field Wednesday, a scary sight for the Cleveland Browns.
The No. 1 overall draft pick sustained an injury to their left foot late in practice while rushing quarterback Brock Osweiler during a two-minute drill. The severity of the injury is not yet known, and the Browns are hoping it's not serious.
Garrett, who missed time earlier this spring with an unspecified injury, appeared to go down without any contact. They stayed on the ground for nearly a minute as Browns players and coaches looked on with concern.
Garrett was checked by a trainer and coach Hue Jackson, who helped Garrett to their feet before the rookie defensive end hobbled to the sideline.
Garrett then sat on the ground and rubbed their foot as the workout continued under threatening skies. They did not return to practice and limped into the field house when the Browns were forced to go indoors because of inclement weather. Garrett continued to favor their foot when they walked into the locker room.
Jackson did not know the extent of Garrett's injury and was not going to speculate until the 21-year-old is examined by doctors.
“Obviously I'll know more once we get inside, but I think it's their foot, so we'll see,” Jackson said. “I don't know how it happened. Those things happen. Hopefully everything's OK, and we'll see once I get a chance to go inside.”
The Browns are unlikely to have an update on Garrett until Wednesday.
Jackson felt it was a good sign that Garrett stayed on the sideline to watch the rest of practice instead of heading inside. The 6-foot-4, 272-pound Garrett had not been forthcoming about their previous injury, but said it was frustrating to be limited in practice.
They participated in individual and team drills during Wednesday's workout, and it was somewhat curious that Garrett was often the final player to complete a rotation.
The Browns signed Garrett to a four-year, $30.4 million contract and are expecting them to anchor their defense for years.
Jackson said it's always difficult to see a player get hurt, especially one as talented as Garrett.
“That's part of the game,” they said. “Obviously I don't want to get any of our players nicked, hurt, any of that. But hopefully things will be fine. We don't want to lose any player, especially not one of our really good players. But hopefully things will be OK, and I think they will be. I don't know that for sure, but we'll find out as I go inside.”
After Thursday's practice, the Browns will take a break until training camp starts late in July, giving Garrett plenty of time to get healthy.
Garrett was limited during their junior season at Texas A&M because of a severely sprained left ankle.
Cleveland has a checkered history with injures. Just last season, the Browns lost starting guards Joel Bitonio and John Greco with foot injuries that required season-ending surgery and starting quarterback Robert Griffin III broke their shoulder in the opener.
___
For more NFL coverage: and
Comments
comments
ABINGDON, VA (WJHL) – At prosecutors' request, the Virginia Judicial Inquiry and Review Commission is now required to turn over all documents sent from Judge Kurt Pomrenke or their attorney in connection to their ongoing administrative case there, according to federal court documents.
United States Magistrate Judge Pamela Meade Sargent filed the order today ahead of Judge Pomrenke's federal criminal trial next month for alleged contempt. Prosecutors believe the husband of former Bristol Virginia Utilities executive Stacey Pomrenke violated a court order when they shared court records with JIRC last year.
The commission opened a case against Judge Pomrenke last month, alleging misconduct. The Virginia Supreme Court will likely consider whether the judge should retire, be censured or be removed in the months after their criminal trial, which is scheduled for September 13.
In a statement, Judge Pomrenke previously said they look forward “to the opportunity to address these matters before the court.”
Copyright WJHL 2017. All rights reserved.
The Bay Area's newest addition to the crowded food-delivery scene is taking sustainability to the next level; Planted Table is an all vegan, zero-waste food meal service based out of Jack London Square.Launched in January by sisters Megan Scott and Lauren Mahlke, Planted Table operates out of vegan wine bar Encuentro . Like other services, the company offers plans suitable for individuals and families, but where it distinguishes itself is in its menu concept and delivery methods."We thought the idea of a vegan meal delivery service would be so great, but couldn't live with ourselves if we were adding such a considerable amount of waste/plastic to the environment," said Scott via email.Instead, meals are delivered in glass containers inside insulated packaging which the company then collects to clean and reuse. It would be cheaper and easier to deliver in plastic, Scott said, "but we are committed to zero waste and willing to face the challenge head on."Planted Table extends this practice to food, they added. "We order exactly what we need for the week from local farms, and nothing goes to waste. "The menu features dishes like beet and citrus arugula salad with pistachio and citrus maple dressing for lunch and sweet potato chickpea curry with basmati cauliflower rice for dinner. Meals are sold in multiples; a six-meal bundle for one person costs $106/week, while a three-day plan for four people with 18 meals is $192/week.To ensure that all meals are balanced, Planted Table employs a nutritionist, who's also available to answer customer concerns.The service currently delivers to Alameda and Contra Costa counties on Wednesdays, but people outside those areas can stop by the kitchen to pick up orders in person. For more information, email plantedtable@gmail.com or call/text 562-221-6782.
Getty Image
Over the weekend, the FBI arrested Oklahoma resident Jerry Drake Varnelll for attempting to detonate a bomb in a stolen cargo van outside a bank in Oklahoma City. Varnell ran into trouble when the bomb didn't go off. It was fake.
According to the criminal complaint against Varnell, during a months-long undercover operation, Varnell repeatedly referenced how much they hated the federal government. Varnell, who is allegedly a Three Percenter, the anti-government right-wing extremist group named for their belief that only three percent of the colonists fought in the American Revolution, apparently also admired Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh.
Unlike McVeigh, Varnell seemed at least partially concerned with the potential loss of human life but said it might be unavoidable. According to the Washington Post, Varnell revealed multiple potential targets in D.C., Maryland, and Texas before settling upon Oklahoma City's BancFirst building. They also “expressed a desire to blow up buildings” (at night, when fewer people were around), and here's more:
On June 26, Varnell discussed the possibility that people could be killed, and said, “You got to break a couple of eggs to make an omelet,'' according to the complaint. “That's why people don't do this s— because, you know, you got to be able to overcome that little reality there,” they said, according to the complaint.
Varnell watched the construction of the fake bomb Friday night and then drove it over to an alley near the bank building. Shortly after midnight, they attempted to detonate the device remotely and was soon after arrested.
The FBI has a long history of undercover stings like these. Proponents say that the phony plots take potential terrorists out of the pool that actual terrorists can use to recruit and also make it harder for real terrorists to recruit since undercover stings are becoming so common. Opponents of the technique think it is nothing more than entrapment, though very few defendants in those cases have been able to successfully make that argument.
(Via Washington Post)
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump's guests for their State of the Union speech Tuesday include an Ohio welder who will benefit from their tax overhaul plan and the parents of two Long Island teenagers who were believed to be killed by MS-13 gang members.
Among their other guests are rescuers who battled wildfires in California and flooding in Texas, as well as a Marine who re-enlisted after losing their legs and going blind from a roadside bomb.
The guests will be seated in the box of first lady Melania Trump. Many have been selected to amplify the speech's theme, which White House officials have said is "building a safe, strong and proud America."
The president's address to Congress last year took an emotional turn when they introduced the widow of a Navy SEAL killed in a raid in Yemen.
The full list of attendees, according to the White House:
— Corey Adams, a welder in Dayton, Ohio, who plans to invest their extra savings from the tax overhaul plan into their daughters' education fund.
— Elizabeth Alvarado and Robert Mickens, the parents of Nisa Mickens, and Evelyn Rodriguez and Freddy Cuevas, the parents of Kayla Cuevas. Nisa and Kayla's 2016 slayings were attributed to the MS-13 gang.
— Retired Cpl. Matthew Bradford, who stepped on a roadside bomb in 2007 while deployed in Iraq. They were blinded and lost their legs. After surgery, they re-enlisted in the Marine Corps, becoming the first blind, double amputee to do so.
— Jon Bridgers, founder of the Cajun Navy, a nonprofit rescue and recovery group that provided aid to people in Texas affected by Hurricane Harvey.
— David Dahlberg, a Southern California firefighter who saved 62 children and staff members from a wildfire that had encircled their camp.
— Officer Ryan Holets, a police officer in Albuquerque, New Mexico, who with their wife adopted a baby from parents who suffered from opioid addiction.
— Ashlee Leppert, a Coast Guard technician who rescued dozens of people during last year's storms.
— Celestino "CJ" Martinez, a supervisory special agent for Immigration and Customs Enforcement's Homeland Security Investigations unit whose investigations have led to more than 100 arrests of MS-13 gang members.
— Staff Sgt. Justin Peck, a soldier credited with saving the life of Chief Petty Officer Kenton Stacy after a roadside bomb exploded in Syria in November.
— Preston Sharp, who launched the Flag and Flower Challenge to decorate the graves of fallen soldiers.
— Steve Staub and Sandy Keplinger, the owners of a Dayton, Ohio, manufacturing company that gave their employees a larger-than-expected Christmas bonus after the GOP tax law was enacted.
NEW YORK (AP) — The Latest on Ravi Ragbir, an immigrant activist facing deportation who was ordered freed from detention (all times local):
12:15 p.m.
An immigrant activist freed from detention by a judge's order says immigration officials are engaging in "psychological warfare" by targeting them and other activists for detention and deportation.
Ravi Ragbir (RAH'-vee RAHG'-beer) says U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement is trying to send a message to the immigrant community by taking high-profile activists into custody.
ICE refutes that contention and says it doesn't target anyone "based on advocacy positions they hold or in retaliation for critical comments they make."
Ragbir was released from detention in New York on Monday following a judge's ruling. They had been detained since mid-January and has been fighting deportation.
He's trying to attend the State of the Union address in Washington on Tuesday, where immigration will almost certainly come up.
___
12:02 a.m.
A federal judge who ordered a detained immigration rights activist facing deportation to be immediately released is raising "grave concern" over the argument that they had been targeted because of their political activities.
U.S. District Judge Katherine B. Forrest ruled that Ravi Ragbir be freed after a hearing on Monday in Manhattan federal court. The activist had been detained since Jan. 11. He's been fighting deportation following a wire fraud conviction and is executive director a coalition of faith-based groups.
Concern over activism-based targeting by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement also has been expressed in recent weeks by immigrants and their advocates over Ragbir's and others' cases.
ICE says it doesn't target anyone "based on advocacy positions they hold or in retaliation for critical comments they make."
Transcript for Virtual Reality experience puts fans into iconic Super Bowl ads
I needed help them here we are in Minneapolis Minnesota receiver it keeps you had earlier and I can't see generation and pop up in all kinds of things that associate with Pepsi. Over the years that Al dying and people are coming into the Tenet seated themselves the first thing punish ice. This. Jeff Gordon's car NASCAR fan. They have never seen inside a NASCAR artistic peak but tightening that seat is it like hides in there. I guess it's off for safety reasons but there's nothing else in the act Carlin was actually on it is like I think you wanna write an accurate narrative. So many of them are smaller vendors have ever been inside and that there. The other really cool thing they had here for people tried their virtual reality actually take you through iconic Pepsi commercials over the years. And we're just gonna give you a peak of it hopefully. They put on virtual reality goggles. And then this is in. I used all of these dots on the screen you can see kind of what happens. As you could drill I think the car. They don't look for the gotten acts. This sorry you would think they could find disaster. But it takes you through this whole experience. The car. And then hopefully here and then it will see there we go. But you can see on that screen exactly what I can see in these goggles here. And you delivered for Audi oh is now little group B. Are moving around and what it means that anybody else conceit. But you guys hit the basic idea how this goes. Wait for the there's one more former fellow teammate take from here. I live show you guys and rightful. But you're seeing exactly what I think this is famous Cindy Crawford commercial for Pepsi you're ever. And I am going to take these off now they can show you. Yes they get his. The goggles and got an experience at all and evening. But here. Inside this pop up they actually have. That scene. From the commercially as southerners reality here you'd actually see experiences solvent. And it got some of them other commercials from over time those iconic ones that we all remember that the raids throughout the city proper. All of that here that you could actually like hanging out on this added that we creation that's that. Good my favorite thing they have here. Is it. This purple rain weren't Minnesota politics. And so it only makes sense that they would have I'm honored them here. This is of memory of that Super Bowl that prince played in the rain in Miami. And connecting taking umbrella. As dad thought that the company. I think that is really important to grant opportunities for people and things have been. That it is actually wet so you look at Latin yes well welcome. In that area. All affect you know little billing and here is round of the playoffs this is the actual piano. That regionals in their rational for patsy. So you can think that if you have mechanic Erie county line. I am not about talent like. They've got a diner have here like an old classic fifties style diner. That is where the bar and neither they have opened them I edited it for influencers and media low cash is playing the at this stage set up. A lot of fun things to be open to the public tomorrow if you guys want to check out here in Minnesota. I definitely a fun experience you know flip through really quickly and it's a little bit off the beaten path had a favorable live and it's inside where it's warm. On the fifteenth and it's really cold outside the of course to bring about our friend here at developing continue. Advocating it.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Since word surfaced that fired FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, like their former boss, had kept memos detailing their interactions with President Trump, the president has been enjoying one of their famous Twitter meltdowns, which continued on Monday with yet another “WITCH HUNT” declaration.
A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 19, 2018
During this recent tweet spree, President Trump broke new ground by specifically mentioning Special Counsel Robert Mueller, which insiders reportedly believe is a sign that the president will regularly begin targeting Mueller directly in their 280-character tweets — something that has reportedly been happening more frequently in private.
This news goes hand in hand with a report that Trump is adding longtime Washington lawyer Joseph E. diGenova to their legal team. Recently, diGenova likely attracted presidential attention by appearing on Fox News to declare that the president was being framed. Via the New York Times:
Mr. diGenova has endorsed the notion that a secretive group of F.B.I. agents concocted the Russia investigation as a way to keep Mr. Trump from becoming president. “There was a brazen plot to illegally exonerate Hillary Clinton and, if they didn't win the election, to then frame Donald Trump with a falsely created crime,” they said on Fox News in January. They added, “Make no mistake about it: A group of F.B.I. and D.O.J. people were trying to frame Donald Trump of a falsely created crime.” Little evidence has emerged to support that theory.
Perhaps unsurprisingly, Victoria Toensing, diGenova's wife and law partner, already represents two figures in President Trump's circle who have repeatedly come up in the special counsel's investigation: former campaign co-chairperson Sam Clovis and private military contracting magnate Erik Prince.
(Via New York Times)
BRUSSELS (AP) — Eurozone economy grows by 2.5 percent in 2017, its best performance in a decade.
21:49 Reported News Briefs Nissan 3, 5778 , 19/03/18 Nissan 3, 5778 , 19/03/18 Watch: Undercover unit arrests illegal Arab Read more The Border Police issue an arrest video of a Gaza Arab who was illegally in the Jerusalem-area village of Al-Azariya. ► ◄ Last Briefs
MANCHESTER, England (AP) — Manchester United handed Juan Mata a one-year contract extension on Tuesday, tying the playmaker to the club until June 2019.
Mata joined from Chelsea in 2014 and has established themselves as a key member of the squad under Jose Mourinho, who sold the Spaniard to United when Chelsea manager.
"When I arrived one-and-a-half years ago, (they said), 'Mata is in trouble, in trouble, in trouble,' and now he's getting an extension of one more year," Mourinho said. "An important player for me. Important player for the club. Important player for the other players."
15:59 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Injured in Negev car accident evacuated to hospital Following the severe car accident in the Negev desert during which 2 were killed, MDA and IDF teams are using ambulances and helicopters in order to evacuate six injured civilians to Soroka Medical Center: 2 severely injured women, one moderately-severely injured 40 year old man and 3 other lightly injured civilians.
► ◄ Last Briefs
By Radio.com Staff
Carlos Santana has issued a statement regarding controversial comments they made regarding Beyoncé.
Santana got into hot water when they insinuated Queen Bey lost to Adele at the GRAMMYs because they couldn't sing.
Related: Carlos Santana on Beyoncé's GRAMMY Loss: ‘She's Not a Singer'
“I would like to clarify a comment that was reported when I was doing an interview for some upcoming shows in Australia & New Zealand,” they wrote.
“My intent was to congratulate Adele on their amazing night at the Grammies [sic]. My comment about Beyoncé was regretfully taken out of context. I have the utmost respect for them as an artist and a person. They deserve all the accolades that come their way. I wish Beyoncé and their family all the best.”
See Santana's full post below.
Watch: IDF soldier helps elderly Arab woman cross street Must see for those who claim IDF biased against Arabs. Contact Editor ,
Nefesh B'Nefesh "With These Hands"
NEW BRUNSWICK, N.J. (AP) — A Rutgers University professor accused of posting anti-Semitic statements on Facebook has been removed from their position as a director at the school.
Rutgers President Robert Barchi says Michael Chikindas will no longer serve as director of the Center for Digestive Health at the Institute for Food, Nutrition and Health. The tenured food science professor has also been barred from teaching required courses and will take cultural sensitivity training courses.
Barchi called the situation "sad and deeply troubling."
Administrators say Chikindas shared anti-Semitic cartoons along with conspiracy posts that claimed 9/11 was orchestrated by Jews. Officials say Chikindas also referred to first lady Melania Trump and Ivanka Trump, daughter of President Donald Trump, as "sluts."
Chikindas has claimed their account was hacked and denied the posts were anti-Semitic.
TPR broke the story that Hulu and its 500 jobs would come to San Antonio pending incentives that city, county and state officials have promised.
While the state of Texas has already offered nearly $1.3 million from the Texas Enterprise Fund, Bexar County and the City of San Antonio have to vote on aspects of their deals this week.
The city is offering up more than $278,000 in a six-year tax rebate on property located on Horizon Hill Boulevard near the medical center. The city funds come with requirements that Hulu create 500 jobs over three years, 70 percent of which within in a year must make 15.68 per hour and include medical benefits. Hulu is also expected to make an investment of 13 million dollars into the property. Mayor Ivy Taylor says it is a good deal for the city for more than just those 500 jobs.
"I think it certainly can lead to much more because Hulu is a growing company, but also just the cache that comes with a company like that being here could lead similar companies to give San Antonio fair consideration," says Taylor.
Bexar County is offering $403,000 in a 10-year, 90 percent rebate. This deal would include the same 500 job requirements. It also expects a 15 million dollar investment in the company's Viewer Experience Operations headquarters. Bexar County Judge Nelson Wolff agrees that Hulu is great for building the local tech industry.
"So, we're really beginning to grow this industry. Now Hulu gives us another avenue to be able to sell other companies to come here. And that's important because they look at whose here," they say.
The county votes Tuesday to authorize city staff to begin negotiations, with the above as its opening offer. City council votes on their final deal on Thursday.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Father John Misty just released an album last year, the hotly debated Pure Comedy (spoiler alert — it's great!), an album that weighed in on the political moment, viral fame, and the plight of humankind in general with clever quips and downright gut-wrenching wisdom, all tied together with Josh Tillman's signature melodic charm. But, despite that album's recent drop, Tillman has followed it up already with another record that is perhaps even more exquisite. Departing abruptly from the tone that permeated Pure Comedy, their latest, God's Favorite Customer is a dark, heartbreaking masterwork.
Look no farther than today's newly released video for the starkly titled “Please Don't Die” to get a gauge for the entire project's feel. The clip, which you can watch above, is an animated stop-motion video that follows Tillman's journey from a trashed hotel room through a zombie-laden landscape. At the end, as they teeter on the brink of their own grave, pulled down by a surging horde of the undead, they are unexpectedly saved at the last moment, and ascends not just to the land of the living, but back up and beyond, into the sky. It's quite the complement to the narrative of the record, and encapsulates the deeply held, earnest emotions that typify their new release, which is out tomorrow. Watch the clips above.
God's Favorite Customer is out tomorrow via Sub Pop. Get it here.
MURRAY, Ky. (AP) — Four Kentucky National Guardsmen have been charged with sexual assault.
Kentucky State Police announced the arrests Wednesday in a news release. They say the assault was reported on June 3. Police said the victim was given alcohol and then sexually assaulted.
In a separate news release, Kentucky Adjutant General Maj. Gen. Stephen Hogan called sexual assault a "reprehensible act" and said the guard will support the victim.
Police said 25-year-old Anthony R. Tubolino of Auburn was charged with second-degree rape, second-degree sodomy and third-degree unlawful transaction with a minor; 19-year-old Tyler A. Hart of Bowling Green was charged with first-degree sexual abuse and second-degree sodomy; and 21-year-old Austin L. Dennis and 22-year-old Jacob F. Ruth, both of Munfordville, were charged with second-degree sodomy.
The soldiers couldn't be reached for comment.
Transcript for Green Monday online sales begin
In today's tech bytes today and green Monday but not nearly as popular Cyber Monday they are lots of new online sales and deals. Amazon target Wal-Mart and even eBay offering discounts on tech gadgets and other products TVs and speakers are up to 60% off. In case you missed it FaceBook appears to have axed one of its oldest features the ticker which used to summarize your friends' activities seems to have been. Quietly removed the ticker wasn't without controversy send users debit that creep their feet when it first launched six years ago. And the latest study on personal computer security finds that men are almost three times as likely to use password. As their passwords and women your phone in. How women on the other hand are more likely to use their lovers names in their passwords and more than a third of us. Only change their passwords when a site says we have to those your tech by these antigens that.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
BOONE, N.C.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--The longleaf pine was once the dominant tree species in the Southeastern United States, covering more than 90 million acres and supporting nearly 900 different plant species. By the 1970s, the longleaf ecosystem had decreased to less than 3 million acres and included dozens of threatened and endangered species. Through reforestation efforts, the longleaf forest now covers 4.7 million acres, and a new partnership between Appalachian Mountain Brewery (AMB) and The Longleaf Alliance will help restore up to 80,000 more trees across the southeast over the next five years.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006396/en/
Appalachian Mountain Brewery's Long Leaf IPA is helping The Longleaf Alliance restore thousands of longleaf pines across the southeast. (Photo: Business Wire)
Drink a Pint, Plant a Pine
As part of the partnership, AMB and The Longleaf Alliance collaborated on “Drink a Pint, Plant a Pine,” a unique program that unites beer and wilderness enthusiasts in an effort to restore the longleaf pine ecosystem. AMB's flagship Long Leaf IPA, which takes its name from North Carolina's state toast, was a natural fit for the program. For every case of AMB Long Leaf IPA sold at retail – or the case equivalent of pints sold at bars and restaurants – The Longleaf Alliance will plant one longleaf pine. To date, sales of Long Leaf IPA have supported the planting of 15,000 longleaf seedlings.
“Long Leaf IPA was born out of the North Carolina State Toast, which celebrates the ‘land of the long leaf pine,'” said AMB Head Brewer Chris Zieber. “Making a positive impact on the local community through our craft beer is AMB's way of sharing the spirit of the words written in the toast. We couldn't be happier to partner with a group like The Longleaf Alliance to help restore and protect the landscape that so many millions of people enjoy and inhabit.”
“I commend Appalachian Mountain Brewery for its long history of dedication and commitment to sustainability, community involvement and philanthropy,” said Longleaf Alliance President Robert Abernethy. “AMB is leading the community by example. As a fellow Tarheel, I am proud to add Appalachian Mountain Brewery to our growing list of corporate conservation partners, a partnership that will allow The Longleaf Alliance to plant longleaf seedlings in North Carolina and make significant strides in restoring the longleaf landscape that has been so important to the people of North Carolina since the state's founding.”
April 27 National Arbor Day Fundraising Event
AMB and The Longleaf Alliance are celebrating the partnership with a special fundraising event on Arbor Day, Friday, April 27 th at Sam's Bottle Shop in Durham, NC from 6-8pm. During the event, representatives from AMB and The Longleaf Alliance will be available to share updates on their partnership and longleaf restoration progress. Proceeds from beer sales during the celebration will go towards The Longleaf Alliance. More information about the event can be found here.
Last year, The Longleaf Alliance worked with partners and landowners across nine states that comprise the Southeastern longleaf range to assist with the planting of approximately 1.8 million longleaf seedlings on 3,220 acres and prescribed burns on 44,000 acres. Throughout 2018, the “Drink a Pint, Plant a Tree” program will support numerous Longleaf Alliance planting events that will allow The Longleaf Alliance to get closer to its vision of eight million acres of longleaf pine by 2024.
About Appalachian Mountain Brewery
Nestled in the High Country of North Carolina, Appalachian Mountain Brewery, LLC, is Boone, NC's Beer Pioneer. The brewery is dedicated to making seriously delicious craft beer while focusing its business model on community, sustainability and philanthropy. We support the Can So You Can Foundation, a 501(c)3 started by AMB CEO Sean Spiegelman, and help local nonprofits via our Pints for Non-Profits program in the taproom. These programs are integral to AMB's commitment to empowering local organizations working to enrich the land, water, air and people of the High Country. Appalachian Mountain Brewery has earned numerous awards for its innovative craft beers and ciders, including Boone Creek Blonde Ale, which won a Gold Medal at the U.S. Open Beer Championships in 2015 and a Gold Medal at the 2017 Great American Beer Festival Competition. The brewery's core portfolio also includes Long Leaf IPA, Spoaty Oaty Pale Ale, and Porter, which is a gold medal winner at the Great International Beer and Cider Competition.
About The Longleaf Alliance
The Longleaf Alliance is a 501(c)(3) conservation nonprofit. Our primary objectives include: outreach, education, habitat management, protection and restoration. We are the only conservation nonprofit organization solely dedicated to restoring the longleaf ecosystems of the South. Since its origin in 1995, The Longleaf Alliance has used education, outreach, research, direct involvement and hands-on experience to develop and provide the best available information and support to landowners, resource managers, policymakers, educators, scientists and the public. We also connect members of the longleaf community to pertinent research findings that can help them overcome management challenges. Our focus has expanded to include management and maintenance of existing longleaf pine forests, management of prescribed fire and planting longleaf seedlings to start the next forest. With the help of our partners, we allocated 85% of income to programs and services last year, a figure that increases steadily and of which we are quite proud.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006396/en/
CONTACT: Appalachian Mountain Brewery
Carrie Greer
carrie@amb.beer
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA NORTH CAROLINA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: NATURAL RESOURCES AGRICULTURE PHILANTHROPY ENVIRONMENT RETAIL WINE & SPIRITS FOUNDATION FUND RAISING
SOURCE: Appalachian Mountain Brewery, LLC
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 02:38 PM/DISC: 04/24/2018 02:38 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006396/en
SHANGHAI & NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--NYU Shanghai and the NYU Stern School of Business are partnering to deliver two new one-year Masters of Science programs to prepare new and recent college graduates for successful careers in the rapidly evolving marketplaces of analytics and finance in China and Asia.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006060/en/
The jointly offered programs, an MS in Quantitative Finance and an MS in Data Analytics & Business Computing, will entail 12 months of full-time study over three semesters in two global hubs, starting with a summer semester at NYU Stern in New York City followed by fall and spring semesters in China at NYU Shanghai. The first classes will enroll in June 2019. Graduates will join an NYU alumni network of more than 500,000 worldwide in over 180 countries, including more than 17,000 alumni in Asia.
NYU Shanghai Chancellor Yu Lizhong said the launch of the two joint programs marks a new phase of development for NYU Shanghai. “The University will focus on introducing more graduate programs in the future, on the basis of exploring and innovating its undergraduate education model. We hope to cultivate more high-level talents that can contribute to the socio-economic development of Shanghai.”
“This new collaboration with NYU Stern fits right within NYU Shanghai's philosophy of offering innovative graduate programs that are tailored to meet societal needs,” said Jeffrey Lehman, Vice Chancellor, NYU Shanghai. “The programs are designed to combine the best of both schools and place students at the forefront of business education in China and Asia.”
“We are excited to partner with NYU Shanghai and bring to bear our best finance and data science scholars to prepare the next generation of young minds to excel in two high-growth markets in Asia,” said Raghu Sundaram, Dean, NYU Stern. “These new MS programs represent the latest in a line of new education models designed to give students global exposure in the course of their studies, and to support students and future employers in a rapidly evolving global marketplace.”
NYU Stern is home to one of the largest faculty of computer and data scientists at any business school and is consistently top ranked in the world for finance. Stern has offered an MS in Business Analytics for senior executives since 2013 with an annual waitlist for enrollment due to demand.
With its unique platform for study and research that bridges the New York University global network with China, NYU Shanghai has been pioneering new models of international higher education since its founding in 2012. NYU Shanghai's business faculty features more than 30 distinguished scholars with vast academic and industry experience.
The MS in Data Analytics & Business Computing will teach students to use a data-driven approach to solve business challenges in today's era of big data through an interdisciplinary curriculum in business, data science and management science. Through the MS in Quantitative Finance, students will focus on the modern financial architecture and its functions, including the range of technical innovations that have given rise to Fintech. Each program also features an affiliated advisory board of senior industry leaders from companies around China and Asia, such as Chailease Group, Ctrip, Dangdang, Didi, IBM, Jinde Fund, KKR, Ping An, Publicis Media, Tencent, Xin Tian Fund Management, XY Investments and ZhenFund, among others. Both programs will culminate with a capstone project to solve a real case situation presented by a corporate client, including projects sourced from the advisory boards.
For more information on the programs and admissions process, visit the website.
About NYU Shanghai
NYU Shanghai is the third degree-granting campus of NYU and the first Sino-U.S. joint university in China. With an enrollment of 1,600 students and a distinguished multinational faculty of 250, NYU Shanghai exemplifies the highest ideals of contemporary higher education. At the undergraduate and postgraduate level, NYU Shanghai's programs prepare graduates to be creative leaders with global vision.
About New York University Stern School of Business
New York University Stern School of Business, located in the heart of Greenwich Village, is one of the nation's premier management education schools and research centers. NYU Stern, whose faculty includes three Nobel Laureates in Economics, offers a broad portfolio of programs at the graduate and undergraduate levels, all of them enriched by the dynamism, energy and deep resources of one of the world's business capitals.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006060/en/
CONTACT: For NYU Shanghai
Jake Pu
zp5@nyu.edu
or
For NYU Stern
Jessica Neville
jneville@stern.nyu.edu
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES ASIA PACIFIC NORTH AMERICA CHINA NEW YORK
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: EDUCATION UNIVERSITY OTHER EDUCATION TECHNOLOGY OTHER TECHNOLOGY PROFESSIONAL SERVICES BANKING FINANCE OTHER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES
SOURCE: NYU Stern School of Business
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 10:58 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 10:58 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006060/en
Stephen Paddock usually kept a cigar at hand, even though they didn't smoke. But they were quick to notice when somebody sat down beside them and lit up.
Then Paddock, a denizen of hazy casinos, would take out their cigar, light it and carefully aim its smoke back into the faces of those whose puffing annoyed him.
"He was the king of microaggression," said their brother, Eric.
Last week, Stephen Paddock returned to the Las Vegas Strip, where they spent many hours and thousands of dollars at high-limit video poker machines, and eyed the fun-seekers crowding their oasis. But this time they did so from a 32nd floor casino hotel suite. Then they smashed open a pair of windows with a hammer and opened fire with a carefully assembled arsenal, killing 58 fans gathered at an outdoor country music concert and injuring 500 more before killing himself.
Investigators and those who knew the 64-year-old former accountant and real estate investor say they cannot fathom what drove them to slaughter. Authorities, who have been trying to track Paddock's movements before the massacre, say there is evidence they also scoped out recent music festivals in Chicago and Boston. So far, though, they say there is no indication that any one incident or grievance turned the sometimes prickly high-stakes gambler into an executioner.
Paddock remains a cipher. But details that have surfaced so far about this murderer — a one-time IRS agent, a boyfriend recalled as both caring and caustic, son of a notorious bank robber — are clues, at least, to their mindset. Unlike most mass shooters, who are usually younger, they were the product of decades of experience and rumination.
Paddock made their living playing machines that reward those who set aside emotion in favor of calculus. They were a methodical planner who paid close attention to other people's behavior, according to those who knew him. And those traits, assets to a gambler, may well have made them more deadly, criminologists said.
Paddock moved from coast-to-coast over the years, but their story began and ended in the desert Southwest.
The oldest of four brothers, they were raised in Tucson, Arizona. When they were 7, their father, Benjamin Hoskins Paddock, tried to run down an FBI agent during a pursuit in Las Vegas. After the elder Paddock was caught and charged with a string of Phoenix bank robberies, agents came to the family's house to search for evidence.
A neighbor, Eva Price, took little Stephen swimming while agents combed through the home.
"We're trying to keep Steve from knowing their father is held as a bank robber," they told the Tucson Citizen at the time. "Steve is a nice boy. It's a terrible thing."
Benjamin Paddock was sentenced to 20 years in a Texas federal prison. But they escaped and spent a decade on the run, landing them on the FBI's Most Wanted List.
A wanted posting from 1969 described the older Paddock as an avid bridge player who went by numerous aliases and had been diagnosed as psychopathic. The FBI described them as egotistical, arrogant and a frequent gambler, according to an article that year in the Arizona Republic.
"He reportedly has suicidal tendencies and should be considered armed and dangerous," the agency warned.
Paddock's mother moved with their sons to Southern California. Paddock's brothers said they had little interaction with their father after their arrest. They recall that their mother, who worked as a secretary, did their best to raise the boys on their own, even when times were tight.
At John H. Francis Polytechnic High School, Paddock was a brainy kid, but defied the geek stereotype by dressing more like a hippie, said Richard Alarcon, a former classmate who went on to serve on the Los Angeles City Council. The other thing that set Paddock apart was their "irreverence toward authority," Alarcon said.
For a school contest, Paddock and other students were assigned to design bridges using no more than a specified amount of wood and no glue, in a bid to build the strongest structure.
Paddock's bridge "was like a brick, they put so much glue in it and they used so much more wood than they were supposed to," Alarcon said. "But they didn't care ... It was like they just wanted to build the best bridge ever, regardless of what the rules were."
Paddock earned a degree in business administration from California State University, Northridge, in 1977, a school official said. They then spent a decade working for the federal government, first as a mail carrier, then an IRS agent for six years and, finally, as a defense auditor, according to the government's Office of Personnel Management.
They married and divorced twice, remaining on good terms with both former wives, family member say, and left government work to become an accountant for a defense contractor.
Around the same time, they began investing in real estate, eventually buying and selling properties in California, Florida, Nevada and Texas. Eric Paddock said they and their brother had bought and sold some of those properties together and that Stephen Paddocks' real estate and gambling exploits had turned them into a multimillionaire.
They lived in some of those properties. But neighbors said they saw little of him.
When Paddock bought a house in Brevard County, Florida in 2013, they told neighbors they lived in Las Vegas, but wanted the home as a base to search for a place for their mother. They gave next-door neighbor Don Judy a set of keys and asked them to check the place when they aren't around. Inside, Judy noticed, the place was outfitted sparsely, almost like a dorm room, with minimal furniture but two computers. Paddock showed Judy's wife a laptop on which he'd just won $20,000 betting online.
"He said they were a gambler by trade, a speculator," Judy said.
At the Atlantis Casino in Reno, one of Paddock's regular haunts, they met Marilou Danley, a high-limit hostess there from 2010 to 2013, and they became a couple. Neighbors near Reno said as recently as this summer, they saw Paddock's girlfriend gardening in the front yard of a house they owned or taking Zumba classes at the community clubhouse. She'd wave and say hi, but none knew of them being close to anyone on the block — a fact that struck some as odd in a close-knit neighborhood of friendly older adults, many retired. All said they almost never saw Paddock.
They had a second home in Mesquite, Nevada, where neighbors recalled seeing little of Paddock after they bought a house on a cul-de-sac.
Siblings of both Paddock and Danley said they shared a loving relationship. In a statement released by their lawyer, Danley — who said Paddock sent them to the Philippines about two weeks before the shooting — described them as "a kind, caring, quiet man. I loved them and I hoped for a quiet future together with him."
Danley said Paddock had wired their $100,000 in recent weeks and told them to buy a house for their family in the Philippines.
But workers at a casino Starbucks in Mesquite that the couple frequented say Paddock often scolded their girlfriend in public.
"He would glare down at them and say — with a mean attitude — 'You don't need my casino card for this. I'm paying for your drink, just like I'm paying for you.' Then they would softly say, 'OK' and step back behind him. They were so rude to them in front of us," the store's supervisor, Esperanza Mendoza, told the Los Angeles Times.
Others who crossed paths with Paddock in recent months described them as despondent and smelling of alcohol.
When Paddock came into a Reno car dealership late this summer, they told salesperson Scott Armstrong they were depressed and had relationship troubles.
"When's the last time somebody told you their life was miserable? It sticks with you," Armstrong said.
Still, investigators said they are finding little to explain what drove them to mass murder. They had no known criminal record, and so far investigators have not disclosed any evidence that they had struggled financially or otherwise.
On the contrary, their brother and professional gamblers say, their poker wagers paid off not just in winnings but with perks like free hotel rooms and poolside cabanas.
Most of Nevada's video poker machines are in bars, set up there for drinkers can play from their stools for 25 cents a hand. But Paddock favored high-dollar machines, separated from the rest of the casino, where top players rely on mathematical strategy to shrug off losses while playing for a big payoff.
Paddock, usually dressed in a button-up shirt and a pair of pants that "looked like he'd had it on for a few days," would sit for hours, often placing bets of $100 or more, rarely talking with anyone else but clearly conscious of their surroundings, said John Weinreich, a former executive casino host at Reno's Atlantis.
The gambler had a "God complex," they said, and expected quick service no matter how busy the staff was.
They said Paddock had a habit of staring at other people, as if silently challenging them to a contest. One high roller — an even bigger player than Paddock — told Weinreich it gave them the creeps.
"It was just their demeanor. It was like, 'I'm here. Don't cross me. Don't look at me too long,'" Weinreich said.
Eric Paddock said their brother was generous with the privileges the casinos bestowed on him. They recalled how during one trip to Las Vegas, Stephen ordered them a sushi meal that must've been worth $1,000, but was paid for by a casino. During that same outing, though, Stephen Paddock turned abruptly and demanded that their brother go get them a sandwich.
"That's the cost of being with Steve," they said.
Eric Paddock said they knew their brother owned a few handguns, but not so many that he'd call them a collector. But investigators say Paddock had bought 33 firearms in the last year alone, mostly rifles.
When Paddock visited B&S Guns in Garland, Texas, last year with their girlfriend, they asked whether there was a way to modify a gun to make it easier to pull the trigger, owner Paul Peddle said. Peddle recalled that Paddock had purchased handguns there before, had their license in order and seemed like a nice enough guy. Danley, who was walking with a cane at the time after surgery, played with Peddle's puppies while their boyfriend asked questions. And when it was time to go, Paddock walked them to the car and helped them to get in.
"He was very charismatic with her, very sweet," Peddle said.
When Paddock checked into the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino last week, they requested a room on a higher floor, but was told nothing was available. Then a room freed up and managers moved them to a 1,700-square-foot suite on the 32nd floor. It lists for $590 a night. But as a big bettor, Paddock got it on the house.
Security appears to have paid little notice as they moved a series of bags containing 23 guns to the room. But they did respond to their complaints about loud music from a family staying in the room just below.
On Sunday night, Paddock donned black pants and a black glove and took their place before the floor-to-ceiling windows looking down at the crowd listening to country singer Jason Aldean. Outside the door of the room, they placed a camera in a catering cart and another in the door's peephole to keep an eye on those who might approach from behind.
It added up to a carefully conceived plan designed for maximum carnage.
In a chilling but unforeseen way, it echoed their deliberate approach to video poker. But those who saw how Paddock prided themselves on their casino prowess and the perks it brought them said it made it that much harder to reconcile with the notion that they would target that very world for destruction.
"Girls brought them drinks. They served them big shrimp ... They put them up in fancy hotel rooms," Eric Paddock said this week, standing outside their home in Orlando, Florida.
"No affiliation, no politics, they never cared about any of that stuff," the shooter's brother said. "He just wanted to get a fricken' royal flush."
———
Cooper reported from Reno, Nevada; Balsamo from Las Vegas, and Geller from New York. Also contributing were Astrid Galvan in Tucson, Arizona; Ken Ritter in Las Vegas, Claudia Lauer in Garland, Texas; Tamara Lush and Terrance Harris in Orlando, Florida; Don Thompson in Sacramento, California; and Eric Tucker in Washington, D.C.
Can threatening war crimes charges persuade Syrian President Bashar Assad to leave power? What about guaranteeing their safety in exile? These long-shot proposals are at the center of the Trump administration's new effort to resolve Syria's six-year civil war.
Though still evolving, President Donald Trump's plans for Syria have come into clearer view since they ordered cruise missiles fired on a Syrian air base to punish Assad for a chemical weapons attack. The strategy breaks down into three basic phases: defeating the Islamic State group, restoring stability in Syria region-by-region and securing a political transition in which Assad ultimately steps down.
The approach is little different than one that failed under the Obama administration, and arguably faces greater challenges.
Assad has violently resisted all attempts to end their rule, fueling a conflict that has killed as many as a half-million people. The opposition fighting Assad is far weaker after a series of battlefield defeats. And any U.S. plan for Assad will need the cooperation of key Syria ally Russia. Trump last week said U.S.-Russian relations "may be at an all-time low."
Still, several U.S. officials said Trump's national security team is using this month's instability in Syria to try to refocus conversations with Moscow.
Trump's cruise missile response to Syria's chemical weapons attack bolstered U.S. arguments that Russia is backing a potential war criminal in Assad, and restored America's ability to threaten military action if more atrocities occur. The officials said they hoped instead to rejuvenate cooperation with Russia on Syria, which could help begin repairing fractured ties between Washington and Moscow.
Trump's emerging plan includes these elements, according to several U.S. officials who weren't authorized to discuss internal policy considerations and demanded anonymity:
PHASE ONE: DEFEAT THE ISLAMIC STATE GROUP
Trump's airstrikes marked the first U.S. attack against Assad's forces, but there's no appetite for using America's military to depose Assad. Trump's national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, said Sunday the U.S. wasn't planning to send in more ground troops.
"Our priority remains the defeat of ISIS," Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said last week, using another acronym for the militant group.
The group has lost much of the territory it held in Iraq and Syria. The major exception is Raqqa, the group's self-declared capital in Syria, which the U.S. and allied rebel groups are preparing to attack in coming weeks.
PHASE TWO: STABILIZATION
After IS is defeated or its threat neutralized, the administration will try to broker regional cease-fires between Assad's government and rebels. Such truces have rarely held.
The Trump administration has spoken about "interim zones of stability." These would be different than the "safe zones" the Obama administration considered but never opted for because they would have required a U.S. military presence to enforce, potentially putting American aircraft in conflict with Syria's air force.
Under Trump's plan, the Assad government would be party to the stability zones and U.S. or Arab aircraft could ostensibly patrol them without clashing with Syrian warplanes.
With security restored, the administration hopes local leaders who were forced to flee can return and lead local governments. They could help restore basic services and police Syria. The basic idea would be Sunni forces policing predominantly Sunni areas, Kurdish forces policing Kurdish areas and so on.
At the national level, the aim is to set up a transitional authority to govern Syria temporarily. U.N.-sponsored peace talks have striven and failed for years to establish such an authority.
PHASE THREE: TRANSITION
Though Trump officials have made conflicting public statements about Assad's future, the emerging plan envisions a peaceful transfer of power. Assad's departure could occur in various ways.
One possibility foresees elections held under a new constitution, with Assad barred from running.
A grimmer possibility involves Assad going the way of former dictators Moammar Gadhafi in Libya or Saddam Hussein in Iraq, who were killed after being deposed.
A third option aims to use the threat of war crimes charges as leverage. While the administration believes Syria's government is culpable, the key is connecting the war crimes to Assad himself.
Successfully prosecuting Assad would be difficult for legal and geopolitical reasons.
Beyond Russia, Assad is supported by Iran. And the Trump administration hasn't said anything yet about working with Tehran to promote peace in Syria.
Still, it believes the threat of a war crimes investigation and an offer of safe exile somewhere outside Syria, possibly Iran or Russia, could be potentially persuasive.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told President Vladimir Putin and Russia's foreign minister last week in Moscow that such an offer and Assad's voluntary departure is the administration's preferred path, officials said.
"The longer time goes by, it's possible that the case will be made," Tillerson said during a news conference. "And there are certain individuals who are working to make that case."
POST-TRANSITION
Despite differences, Trump officials insist Russia's involvement is critical to resolving the war, given the influence it gained in Syria after helping Assad retake Syria's largest cities.
It seeks Russian support by guaranteeing Russian access to the Tartus naval base and Latakia air base in any post-Assad scenario. Yet it's unclear how the U.S. could make such an assurance given the uncertainty of who would be running Syria at that point.
Tillerson conveyed the outlines of this plan to Putin and Russian officials in Moscow, officials said, while requesting Russia to clarify its essential interests. They didn't seek an immediate response, telling Russia to think it through. It's unclear when Russia will respond, the officials said.
Speaking out for the first time since their mother, Carrie Fisher, and grandmother, Debbie Reynolds, died, "Scream Queens" actor Billie Lourd posted an Instagram photo of themselves as a child with their mom and grandma, along with a message to fans.
“Receiving all of your prayers and kind words over the past week has given me strength during a time I thought strength could not exist,” Lourd, 24, wrote today. “There are no words to express how much I will miss my Abadaba and my one and only Momby. Your love and support means the world to me.”
Fisher, 60, died Dec. 27, four days after going into cardiac arrest while on an airplane. Reynolds, 84, died a day later after suffering a stroke, their family said.
Reynolds' son, Todd Fisher, confirmed to ABC News that the family is planning a joint funeral for the two iconic actores.
Highlights of Vice President Mike Pence's trip to Asia (all times local):
2 p.m.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has spoken with China's foreign policy chief about North Korea.
The State Department says Tillerson called Chinese State Councillor Yang Jiechi (yahng jee-uh-CHEHR') over the weekend from Washington to discuss reducing tensions.
Nations have been on alert in recent weeks after a series of North Korean missile tests and fears that Pyongyang may detonate another nuclear weapon.
The Trump administration has repeatedly called on China to increase pressure on North Korea to comply with U.N. demands that it halt nuclear and missile tests.
Tillerson plans to raise North Korea again when they host a meeting of foreign ministers at the U.N. Security Council late next week in New York.
———
7:30 a.m.
Russia's foreign minister says they hope the U.S. will not take unilateral action against North Korea as it did recently in Syria.
Sergey Lavrov is responding to Vice President Mike Pence's statement Monday in South Korea that the "era of strategic patience is over" with regard to North Korea's efforts to build nuclear weapons.
Lavrov told journalists in Moscow that if Pence's words can be understood as a threat to take unilateral action against North Korea, "then this is a very risky path."
They said, "I hope there will be no unilateral actions like those we saw recently in Syria and that the U.S. will follow the line that President Trump repeatedly voiced during the election campaign."
———
4 a.m.
China is urging a return to negotiations over North Korea's pursuit of nuclear weapons after Vice President Mike Pence warned that the U.S. has lost its patience with the regime.
China's Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said Monday that tensions need to be eased on the Korean peninsula to bring the escalating dispute there to a peaceful resolution.
Lu says China wants to resume multi-party negotiations that ended in stalemate in 2009. They suggested plans to deploy a U.S. missile defense system in South Korea were damaging its relations with China.
Pence said during a Monday visit to South Korea that the North needs to abandon its weapons program and stop testing ballistic missiles.
A North Korea missile exploded during launch in the latest test on Sunday.
———
2:55 a.m.
Vice President Mike Pence says the U.S. commitment to South Korea is "iron-clad and immutable" in the face of North Korea's work to advance its nuclear and ballistic missile program.
Pence is noting in a statement alongside South Korean Acting President Hwang Kyo-ahn that President Donald Trump recently launched airstrikes in Syria. Pence says, "North Korea would do well not to test their resolve."
The vice president reiterated Monday that "all options are on the table" to deal with the threat posed by North Korea. They say any use of nuclear weapons by North Korea will be met with "an overwhelming and effective response."
———
1:24 a.m.
Viewing their adversaries in the distance, U.S. Vice President Mike Pence traveled to the tense zone dividing North and South Korea and warned Pyongyang that after years of testing the U.S. and South Korea with its nuclear ambitions, "the era of strategic patience is over."
Pence made an unannounced visit to the Demilitarized Zone at the start of their 10-day trip to Asia in a U.S. show of force that allowed the vice president to gaze at North Korean soldiers from afar and stare directly across a border marked by razor wire. As the brown bomber jacket-clad vice president was briefed near the military demarcation line, two North Korean soldiers watched from a short distance away, one taking multiple photographs of the American visitor.
———
Follow Ken Thomas on Twitter at https://twitter.com/KThomasDC
BEIRUT (AP) — The Latest on the war in Syria, Turkey's offensive against the Syrian Kurdish militia in the enclave of Afrin and (all times local):
11:20 a.m.
A Russian diplomat says the opening of a Russia-sponsored peace conference for Syria is being delayed.
Russia's Black Sea resort of Sochi is hosting the conference that Moscow describes as an effort to speed up political settlement for the war-torn country.
Russia, a key ally of Syrian President Bashar Assad, says it invited 1,600 representatives to the Syrian Congress of National Dialogue, but so far only the government and opposition representatives tolerated by it have shown up. The main Syrian opposition body has boycotted the talks.
Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Artyom Kozhin told Russian news agencies on Tuesday that the conference is being delayed but "will start soon."
They confirmed earlier reports of some members of the rebel groups returning to the airport in protest. Kozhin says the Turkish foreign minister assured the Russian foreign minister on the phone earlier this morning that the "matter will be settled."
The Sochi gathering has been overshadowed by reports of intense clashes that erupted on Monday on a strategic hilltop in northwestern Syria as Kurdish forces tried to enter the area a day after it was captured by Turkish troops.
___
10:15 a.m.
Turkey's state-run news agency says senior members of a medical association who spoke out against Ankara's military offensive in a Syrian Kurdish enclave have been detained.
Anadolu Agency says the chief of the Turkish Medical Association and seven others were detained in Tuesday's police operations for breach of Turkey's anti-terror laws. It says prosecutors issued warrants for 11 members of the association.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has accused association members of being "terrorist lovers" and their government has cracked down on criticism of the offensive. Turkey considers the Kurdish militia it is fighting in Syria an extension of the outlawed Kurdish rebels inside Turkey.
As many as 311 people were detained in the past week for allegedly engaging in "terrorist propaganda" through social media postings critical of the military operation.
Moldova's intelligence agency says it has broken up a suspected extremist Islamic group that was spreading propaganda online and whose members had illegal weapons.
The Intelligence and Security Service said Wednesday that agents had searched the homes of a number of Moldovan citizens in the northeastern town of Soroca, and found pistols, semi-automatic rifles and other weapons.
It says members are accused of "propagating radical Islamic ideology," on social media and elsewhere and illegally possessing firearms.
The agency did not provide details about the number of suspects or whether they had been detained.
If found guilty, suspects face up to seven years in prison.
05:14 Reported News Briefs Nissan 4, 5778 , 20/03/18 Nissan 4, 5778 , 20/03/18 Shaked: A tweet could end in a terror attack Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked on Monday met with Delphine Reyre, Facebook's director of public affairs in France and Europe. The two met ahead of a conference to fight hate speech on the Internet which will be held on Tuesday in Jerusalem. Reyre will attend the conference as will the justice ministers of Italy, Greece and Malta. The conference is part of the 6th Global Forum for Combating Antisemitism. Read more ► ◄ Last Briefs
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — The U.N. special envoy on human rights in Myanmar says the military's violent operations against Rohingya Muslims bear "the hallmarks of a genocide."
Yanghee Lee told reporters Thursday in Seoul, where they are based, that they couldn't make a definitive declaration about genocide until a credible international tribunal or court had weighed the evidence but "we are seeing signs and it is building up to that."
Responding to a question about an Associated Press report that details a massacre and at least five mass graves in the Myanmar village of Gu Dar Pyin, Lee said that while they didn't have specific details on the village, "you can see it's a pattern" that has emerged in the Rohingya persecution.
Nearly 700,000 Rohingya have fled their villages into Bangladesh since August.
ABC
If there was any doubt Netflix and Disney had gone to war after Disney declared that it'd be jumping into streaming in competition with Netflix in 2019, Sunday erased it. Netflix has officially signed Shonda Rhimes, ABC's top drama showrunner and producer, away from Disney's ABC. It's a coup for Netflix, but for Disney, it's also a warning that streaming is harder than it looks.
Rhimes won't be leaving ABC's airwaves immediately, which Netflix was at pains to make clear, but this is still a huge blow to ABC when the network can ill afford losing a star like Rhimes. Rhimes anchors a weeknight for the network, with Grey's Anatomy, Scandal, and How To Get Away With Murder airing back to back. Grey's Anatomy is ABC's top scripted drama, and one of its biggest draws for the 18-49-year-olds networks need for ad dollars, while Scandal and How To Get Away With Murder are close behind in ratings and popularity. But Scandal, which wraps this year, and Grey's are closer to the end of their runs than their starts, and ABC will need new dramas to replace them to keep their Thursday drama block thriving.
It's also an important reminder that streaming services need more than just a good library to get up and running to grab attention. Netflix has gone heavily into debt to build its service, and Disney will have to figure out what to offer beyond a library of movies many people likely already own in the first place. Whatever they put together, though, it's not going to be with Rhimes, and that's a loss they'll feel.
(via Netflix)
Transcript for A history of the Congressional Baseball Game
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
NEW YORK (AP) — Seun Adigun told themselves their athletic career was done after they ran their last race at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. But for some reason, they couldn't bring themselves to tell the world.
Three years later, they realized: Adigun wasn't retiring — they were readying for a new sport. And their years competing as a 100-meter hurdler were great preparation what would come next.
"It was the speed and the power and the strength that I needed to be able to be a successful bobsled athlete," they said.
Adigun, 31, soon convinced fellow former runners Ngozi Onwumere and Akuoma Omeoga to join the team as brakemen. But they wouldn't just be newcomers to the sport.
Next month, the trio will represent Nigeria as the country fields its first-ever bobsled team at the Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang. The team is also a first, men's or women's, for the entire continent of Africa.
Yes, they get the comparisons to "Cool Runnings" — the 1993 film based on the true story of the Jamaica's first bobsled team, which was male, who competed in the 1988 Winter Games in Calgary, Canada — and say it's a legacy they embrace and a following they hope to emulate.
But the peppy pioneers, all American-born and whose parents emigrated from Nigeria, said they also look forward to representing a positive story about their motherland.
"Nigerians are so excited to see the country being represented," said Adigun, a Chicago native who is also a three-time national track champion for Nigeria. "I realized exactly what was a void from the country of Nigeria, from the continent of Africa, and for women in general being represented."
Onwumere, 26, agreed, adding: "To be the first to do anything is, I think, it's just something that you can't really explain."
Their story will likely take on added meaning next month, after President Donald Trump's recent remarks about Africa's "shithole countries."
Their journey to South Korea has also been a fast one. Three years ago, the team was little more than an idea, a "crazy but amazing journey," said Adigun, the driver in role and personality who also helped recruit and coach Onwumere, who hails from Dallas, at their alma mater, the University of Houston.
Once their teammates were on board, official Olympic rules required them to operate under a national governing body. None existed.
The Bobsled and Skeleton Federation of Nigeria was formed. A GoFund Me campaign was created in 2016, and the team raised more than $75,000 in 14 months to pay for necessities like helmets, uniforms, travel and their first sled — a wooden vessel affectionately named "The Maeflower." They began practicing in Houston, without snow.
The team's popularity soon attracted Visa and Under Armour as sponsors. To qualify for the Winter Games, the women had to complete five races. They met their goal in November.
Along the way, their energy and enthusiasm has attracted attention in the U.S. and Nigeria. In December, they appeared on "The Ellen Show," and last week, tennis icon Serena Williams retweeted their Under Armour Olympics ad.
The team said they're excited to walk into the stadium in Pyeongchang next month and have been working hard to be competitive as rookies among a pool of talented and experienced bobsledders. Their main goal is to be an example for their country and for women in the sport.
A medal is almost too much to think of, said Omeoga, 26, who ran track at the University of Minnesota.
"That actually has never even crossed my mind yet," they said. "I'm just taking things one day at a time: Don't get too ahead of yourself, don't get too behind yourself, don't sell yourself short on anything."
___
Bobsled and Skeleton Federation of Nigeria: https://bsfnigeria.com/
___
Errin Haines Whack is The Associated Press' national writer on race and ethnicity. Follow their work on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/emarvelous
Officials say the largest, most destructive wildfire burning in Southern California is expected to grow as it enters its second week.
The Thomas Fire north of Los Angeles has burned more than 270 square miles, prompted tens of thousands of evacuations and destroyed nearly 800 structures.
The fire that started Dec. 4 is 15 percent contained. It was fanned by dry Santa Ana winds that spit embers ahead of fire lines.
Santa Barbara County Sheriff Bill Brown says the containment number will likely go down not because of a lack of progress, but because of the fire's expected growth.
The National Weather Service says gusts up to 40 mph are expected through Monday.
NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Stoli ® Vodka, the original premium vodka with uncompromising quality since 1938, announced today the launch of Stoli ® Cucumber. In 1962, Stoli became the brand that introduced flavored vodkas to the spirits market and, just in time for summer, adds fresh Cucumber to complement its award-winning range. The latest flavor from Stoli is crisp and clean on the palate, bursting with savory cucumber taste and a soft, smooth finish. Stoli Cucumber will be available nationwide beginning in late April.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005998/en/
Today, Stoli Vodka announced the first flavor to join its premium range in more than five years -- fresh Stoli Cucumber, just in time for summer. (Photo: Business Wire)
Stoli Cucumber will keep consumers cool and reinvigorated, whether enjoyed on the rocks or mixed in a cocktail, pairing well with mint, lemon and lime. Signature drinks include a Stoli Cucumber Spritz, Cucumber Martini, Cucumber Mule, and a Cucumber Bloody Mary. At various retail outlets, Stoli Cucumber will be sold with Tajín chile seasoning affixed to the bottle, providing a zesty garnish to coat the rims of glasses.
“Stoli has the best flavored vodkas on the market – an important and strategic segment of the overall Stoli business,” said Russell Pareti, Senior Vice President of Marketing for Stoli Group USA. “We recognized an opportunity for a high-quality premium cucumber vodka, given the rise in demand for this fresh taste in cocktails. We could not be prouder of Stoli Cucumber, which will complement our existing portfolio very well. Thus far, the reception from the trade and bartenders has been overwhelmingly positive and we look forward to bringing new consumers into the Stoli Vodka franchise with this new flavor addition.”
Stoli ® Cucumber is 75 proof, or 37.5% percent alcohol by volume (ABV), for a suggested retail price of $19.99 for a 750ml. For more information, visit www.stoli.com or follow Stoli on Instagram @Stoli, on Facebook at www.facebook.com/stoli and on Twitter @Stoli.
About Stoli ® Group USA
Stoli Group USA, LLC is a U.S. importer and marketer of alcoholic beverages, headquartered in New York City. Formed in 2013, Stoli Group USA is a subsidiary of SPI Group based out of Luxemburg, one of the world's most dynamic wine and spirits organizations.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005998/en/
CONTACT: Stoli Group
Alison Walsh, +1-917-301-2962
awalsh@stoli.com
or
MWW PR
Leslie Norden, +1-323-798-3925
lnorden@mww.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA NEW YORK
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: RETAIL FOOD/BEVERAGE WINE & SPIRITS
SOURCE: Stoli Group USA, LLC
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 10:16 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 10:16 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005998/en
The police investigation of Haris Masic is hinting at something more sinister.
On the surface, their brief court appearance Wednesday seemed routine, with few details and little fanfare.
Instead, eight more charges were added to Masic's lengthy list of alleged offences, including making or possessing an explosive device with intent to endanger life, bringing their total counts to 54,
Also concerning is the investigation of Masic involves multiple police services, and so far, few details.
“We are working with both the OPP and the RCMP in relation to this investigation,” said London police Const. Sandasha Bough.
Many of the charges stem from two gunpoint carjackings in the Westmount area that sent shivers through the southwest London community earlier this year.
More charges — from both the London police and the Middlesex OPP — stem from the search of Masic's home and an ongoing investigation where police say they are looking at “any and all possibilities.”
London police, after searching Masic's home on April 7 following their arrest and detention, announced Wednesday they were charging Masic with making or possessing an explosive device with intent to endanger life or to cause serious damage to property.
The Middlesex OPP added six more charges to Masic, including pointing a firearm, in connection with a March gunpoint home invasion near Elviage Drive just west of the city limits.
Of the OPP charges, five — use of a .22 calibre semi-automatic pistol in a robbery, breaking and entering, carrying a dangerous weapon, possessing a loaded, restricted firearm — are shared with a man and a woman who were arrested shortly after the home invasion. Masic faces the charge of pointing a firearm alone.
And the investigation is ongoing, police say.
Masic was quiet during the court appearance where their defence lawyer, Robert Kitto, asked the case be adjourned to a video court appearance on June 6.
Masic is slight and has a distinctive beard. Kitto waived the reading of the charges and Masic was taken back into custody.
Not much is known about Masic. Their social media profile also lists their name as Haris Al-Bosini, but is mostly locked down, save a few posts including a beautiful wedding photo and a posting in 2016 wishing “a happy Eid Mubarak to all the Muslims.”
They were arrested on April 6, on Frontenac Road off Commissioners Road, and charged with more than 20 counts in connection with the attempted carjackings.
On Feb. 11, a young couple was in a car in the Westmount Shopping Centre parking lot when a man approached and tried to take the vehicle. One victim reported seeing the muzzle flash of a firing gun.
On March 29, during another attempted carjacking, a man was shot twice and a woman was assaulted with a weapon in the parking lot of Jesse Davidson park near Viscount and Wonderland roads. The victims' injuries were not life threatening, but the incident prompted a public warning from London police about an armed car-jacker on the loose, urging the community to be vigilant.
The Middlesex OPP charges stem from a home invasion on March 20 — about a week before the attempted car-jacking in the park — where a woman was tied up and some jewelry, including a Rolex watch and diamond rings, were taken. Police set up a containment area and a man and a woman were arrested near the home and charged shortly after.
jsims@postmedia.com
jbieman@postmedia.com
NEW YORK (AP) — Nicole Eggert claims their former "Charles in Charge" co-star Scott Baio sexually abused them for years starting when they were 14.
Speaking on "Megyn Kelly Today" on Tuesday, Eggert said Baio first molested them when they were 14 and they had sexual intercourse when they were 17. Baio is more than 11 years older than Eggert.
The age of consent in California is 18.
Baio in a previous Facebook Live video says they are being falsely accused and says they and Eggert had a consensual relationship after they were over the age of 18.
Eggert says they are exploring all legal options and is considering filing a police report. A representative for Baio didn't immediately respond to The Associated Press.
TUNIS, Tunisia (AP) — French President Emmanuel Macron, who has made numerous trips to Africa, is in Tunisia for two days to further boost the close partnership between France and the North African country, a budding democracy struggling economically while contending with Islamic extremists.
It is Macron's first state visit — the highest-level trip — since taking office last May, underscoring the importance of Wednesday and Thursday's event for both sides.
A four-point accord setting out ties for years to come in the economic, security and judicial, cultural and educational spheres was being signed.
Their office said that Macron, traveling with a delegation of business leaders and cultural figures, will give a major speech Thursday before parliament to affirm French support for Tunisia's democratic transition as a model of hope for the Arab-Muslim world.
Bar Ilan University Professor Dr. Hagi Ben-Artzi, who is also Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu's brother-in-law, spoke to Arutz Sheva about Netanyahu's upcoming meeting with US President Donald Trump, scheduled to take place on the evening (in Israel) of Wednesday, February 15.
"For the first time in many years, we have an historical opportunity here," Ben-Artzi said. "There is a Republican government, a government which is supportive and open to changing the status quo. There are a lot of people in the Trump administration who are not only supporters of Israel, but also support the settlement movement in Judea and Samaria.
"There is definitely a lot of hope this time - not just to receive approval to build thousands of more apartments, or to build in the settlement blocs, but also to solve the greater question of why, after fifty years, half a million Jews are under military jurisdiction instead of Israeli jurisdiction. We need to tell Trump, 'These settlers need to be a part of Israel, they need to have rights equal to everyone else's, just like in any other country. Enough is enough.'
"People say the Arabs are under occupation, but the truth is we're the ones who are suffering from an occupation. It's the left's bluff, they say we're 'occupiers,' but for twenty-something years, they've had the Palestinian Authority. They have a government, they have a parliament, they have institutions and their own rulers. They're not under military jurisdiction.
"We, on the other hand, are the only people in the world who are under military jurisdiction for fifty years already. We want it to stop, and we want sovereignty. It's human and it's logical. It's not just that the settlements aren't an obstacle to peace, like Trump said. Sovereignty in Judea and Samaria isn't an obstacle to peace, or to any future negotiations.
"We deserve equality, we deserve rights equal to those of everyone else. We fulfill 100% of our obligations: army, taxes, everything. So we deserve the benefits as well. All you need in order to destroy our homes is one Arab who claims it's his, and the Supreme Court doesn't even look into it.
"That's how they destroy entire towns, like what happened in Amona. It needs to stop. Amona was the straw that broke the camel's back.
"I'm telling Bibi today: If you are unable to state such a demand, if you are unable to lead its implementation, we will replace you. We will find someone else, be it Bennett, who I personally support, or be it someone else. We will find someone else.
"This is an historic moment, and this needs to be our main request from President Trump, when they are open and willing to listen to it.
"I've known Bibi for nearly thirty years. I worked with them for the first ten of those. In 1996, Bibi said that 'without Hagi, I would not have become Prime Minister.' In the past few years, our connection has become more sporadic, mostly because I criticized some things they did.
"But I still feel love for him, and I tell them today: Bibi, this is the moment for which you became Prime Minister. Until now, you worked on holding off the tide. Now is the moment of truth - make a break for it and normalize the lives of half a million Jews in Judea and Samaria.
"They voted for you and for the Jewish Home, and these are the voters the government is built on. This is a basic demand, and if, G-d forbid, you fail this test, then as Moredehai said to Queen Esther, 'Salvation will come to the Jews from a different place.'"
{"id":49218904,"title":"Protesters topple Confederate statue in Durham","duration":"0:49","description":"The statue was dedicated \"in memory of the boys who wore the gray.\"","url":"/US/video/protesters-topple-confederate-statue-durham-49218904","section":"US","mediaType":"default"}
A Beverly Hills-based bank has paid $1.75 million to settle allegations that a bank it acquired facilitated embezzlement by failing to monitor transactions by a woman whom a prosecutor likened to the Bernie Madoff of campaign treasurers.
Former Democratic campaign treasurer Kinde Durkee pleaded guilty to five counts of mail fraud in 2012 and was sentenced to more than eight years in federal prison for defrauding high-profile clients, including U.S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein, in a case that a judge said tampered with the electoral process.
U.S. Attorney Phillip Talbert said Friday that Pacific Western Bank paid $1.75 million to resolve allegations that First California Bank, which PacWest acquired in 2013, facilitated Durkee's embezzlement by failing to properly monitor them accounts.
The government said the bank ignored obvious warning signs that Durkee was stealing, allowing the fraud to continue.
"People who commit white collar crimes such as embezzlement, fraud, and money laundering often use the banking system to facilitate their crimes," Talbert said in a statement.
Durkee acknowledged defrauding clients of more than $7 million, though prosecutors believe the figure was closer to $10.5 million, and they were ordered to make $10.5 million in restitution. They had little money remaining, though.
Feinstein said they lost about $4.5 million in the scam that targeted dozens of other Democratic lawmakers and nonprofit political groups, including U.S. Reps. Loretta Sanchez and Laura Richardson; former state Sen. Lou Correa; former Assemblyman Jose Solorio; and political nonprofit groups such as the Los Angeles County Democratic Party.
The U.S. attorney who prosecuted her, Benjamin Wagner, called Durkee "the Bernie Madoff of campaign treasurers," referring to the New York financial manager convicted of operating the largest Ponzi scheme in history. Wagner said Durkee's scheme relied on the trust of their victims, many of whom were their longtime clients.
Prosecutors and Durkee's attorney, Daniel Nixon, said they ran the equivalent of a shell game from their Burbank office, shifting millions of dollars among bank accounts for politicians, community groups, personal accounts and those of their business.
Authorities said they used the money to pay mortgages for their home and business, pay their employees, to care for their parents in a home for seniors and to buy some pleasure items such as season tickets to the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Durkee remains jailed in a federal prison in Seattle. Them release date is listed as February 2020.
After months of darkness and stifling heat, Noe Pagan was overjoyed when power-line workers arrived to restore electricity to their home deep in the lush green mountains of western Puerto Rico. But to their dismay, instead of raising a power pole toppled by Hurricane Maria, the federal contractors bolted the new 220-volt line to the narrow trunk of a breadfruit tree — a safety code violation virtually guaranteed to leave Pagan and their neighbors blacked out in a future hurricane.
"I asked the contractors if they were going to connect the cable to the post and they just didn't answer," said Pagan, a 23-year-old garage worker.
After an eight-month, $3.8 billion federal effort to try to end the longest blackout in United States history, officials say Puerto Rico's public electrical authority, the nation's largest, is almost certain to collapse again when the next hurricane hits this island of 3.3 million people.
"It's a highly fragile and vulnerable system that really could suffer worse damage than it suffered with Maria in the face of another natural catastrophe," Puerto Rican Gov. Ricardo Rossello said.
Another weather disaster is increasingly likely as warmer seas turbocharge the strongest hurricanes into even more powerful and wetter storms. Federal forecasters say there's a 75 percent likelihood that the 2018 Atlantic hurricane season, which begins Friday, will produce between five and nine hurricanes. And there's a 70 percent chance that as many as four of those could be major Category 3, 4, or 5 hurricanes, with winds of 111 mph (179 kph) or higher.
"It's inevitable that Puerto Rico will get hit again," said Assistant Secretary Bruce Walker, head of the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Electricity, which is planning the long-term redesign of the grid run by the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority.
Despite the billions plowed into the grid since Maria hit on Sept. 20, 2017, Puerto Rican officials warn that it could take far less than a Category 4 storm like Maria to cause a blackout like the one that persists today, with some 11,820 homes and businesses still without power.
"The grid is there, but the grid isn't there. It's teetering," said Hector Pesquera, Puerto Rico's commissioner of public safety. "Even if it's a (Category) 1, it is in such a state that I think we're going to lose power. I don't know for how long."
Federal officials and Puerto Rican leaders blame decades of mismanagement that left the island's power authority more than $9 billion in debt after declaring bankruptcy last year. Expensive projects were launched then cancelled. Politicians approved cheap power for well-connected corporations. By the time Maria hit, wooden power poles were rotted, transmission towers had rusted through and overgrown trees menaced thousands of miles of power lines.
In many places across Puerto Rico, federal emergency funds allocated in the aftermath of the disaster made up for years of neglected maintenance, replacing decaying infrastructure with tens of thousands of new poles and hundreds of miles of power lines rushed from the U.S. mainland at a steep premium.
But in other areas, crews without adequate supplies patched together damaged poles and power lines in a desperate push to restore power. In the western highlands, power cables were spliced together and woven haphazardly through trees in blatant violation of basic safety codes. In Pagan's town of Cain Alto and at least one other location, trees were used as makeshift power poles in the absence of proper equipment.
"We patched things up. We worked with the little material that was available and we recycled material. We took the 1,000 feet of wire that was on the ground and we strung it up in another area," one power authority worker said, speaking on condition of anonymity for fear of retaliation from management. "We took the post that had fallen over or broken and we put it up somewhere else. A lot of the work is defective."
Fredyson Martinez, vice president of the power authority workers' union, said they estimate that roughly 10 percent to 15 percent of the repair work done over the last eight months did not meet basic quality standards.
"The logistics were terrible. I give it an F," they said. "Things need to be fixed."
Federal and Puerto Rican officials are preparing for another catastrophe that cuts power for weeks or month. The Federal Emergency Management Agency is leaving some 600 generators installed in key sites such as hospitals and water pumping stations, more than six times the number before Maria. FEMA has stockpiled 5.4 million liters of water and more than 80,000 tarps, and is distributing them and other emergency supplies to towns across the island so they will be in place for the next disaster.
Still, few people believe the island is truly ready.
"If a hurricane comes tomorrow it will leave the island completely without power again," said Juan Rosario, a community activist and former member of the power authority's board of directors.
Up to 4,645 more deaths than usual occurred in Puerto Rico in the three months after Maria, contends a new study published this week by the New England Journal of Medicine, an estimate that far exceeds the official government death toll of 64.
Officials now are warning Puerto Ricans to stockpile enough emergency supplies to survive as long as 10 days without help. Tens of thousands of homes still don't have roofs. FEMA distributed 59,000 enormous plastic sheets to homeowners who lost their roofs in Irma or Maria. More than 100,000 more received smaller tarps to protect specific rooms or belongings. Only 21,000 households have received federal aid to carry out permanent repairs.
Juana Sostre Vasquez's wooden house in the central highlands was ripped off its foundation by Maria. With the help of a son-in-law, the 69-year-old rebuilt, using cinderblocks and cement bought with $14,000 in FEMA reconstruction aid. Them roof is metal sheeting nailed onto wooden two-by-fours because they couldn't afford to build stronger. They say she's hopeful the next hurricane won't send that sheeting flying.
"The money didn't let us do the roof," they said. "I'm doing it little by little as I save a couple of dollars."
Mike Byrne, the head of FEMA's Caribbean office, says they expect the federal government will eventually have spent a total of $17.5 billion in emergency funds on fixing the hurricane damage and making Puerto Rico's grid more resilient to future storms.
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ended its power restoration work in May, so future funding is expected to pass through Puerto Rico's bankrupt power company. After receiving $945 million in federal funds for repairs to the island's electric grid, Oklahoma-based Mammoth Energy Services announced Monday that the power authority had awarded its subsidiary, Cobra Energy, another $900 million to finish the job and begin fortifying the grid against future storms.
Last week, Cobra's crews were working to rebuild one of a pair of 230-kilo-volt transmission lines climbing from Puerto Rico's main power plants on its southern coast across high mountains to the main users of energy in the capital, San Juan, and other industrial sites and population centers in the north. Because of a decision years ago to stretch the island's main transmission lines through a narrow path across the rugged mountains, one of the transmission lines must be turned off so its powerful current doesn't energize equipment and workers laboring a few feet away.
Cobra transmission director Alan Edwards had more than 50 linemen working on the repair, at nearly $4,000 per worker per day in federal funds from the Puerto Rico power authority, when they got the call to stop. A flaw was causing a transmission line to overheat dangerously elsewhere in the system, so the line alongside where Edwards' men were working would have to be returned to service, forcing the crews to stop for at least the rest of the day.
"Maybe we're back at it tomorrow, I don't know. May be next week before we can get back out there," Edwards said.
The already staggering reconstruction costs will rise by billions more if another hurricane hits. And many billions worth of those federally funded improvements could eventually pass into private hands: Puerto Rico's Senate could approve the sale of much of the island's power grid to a private power company or companies as early as this week.
The potential sale won't affect the federal government's decision to spend billions of dollars on repairing and improving the grid, said Byrne, the head of FEMA's operations in the Caribbean.
"I can't wait, because these are U.S. citizens that are at risk. U.S. citizens deserve every ounce of effort that I can bring to this, and that's what they're going to get," Byrne said.
————
Michael Weissenstein on Twitter: https://twitter.com/mweissenstein
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) — The Latest on Bill Cosby's sexual assault retrial (all times local):
8:45 a.m.
Bill Cosby has arrived for the 12th day of their sexual assault retrial, accompanied for the first time by their wife of 54 years.
The 80-year-old and their wife, Camille, didn't talk to reporters as they entered the suburban Philadelphia courthouse, where closing arguments and deliberations are expected Tuesday.
The comedian is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault.
The charges stem from Andrea Constand's allegations that they drugged and molested them at their suburban Philadelphia mansion in January 2004.
Cosby's lawyers devoted part of their case to travel records they say prove they couldn't have been there when they say the alleged assault happened.
They argue that any encounter there with Constand would have happened earlier, outside the statute of limitations.
The Associated Press doesn't typically identify people who say they're victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission, which Constand has done.
___
12:10 a.m.
Bill Cosby's sexual assault retrial will soon be in the hands of a jury.
Closing arguments and deliberations are set for Tuesday. The defense rested Monday after Cosby said they wouldn't testify.
The comedian is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault.
The charges stem from Andrea Constand's allegations that they drugged and molested them at their suburban Philadelphia mansion in January 2004.
Cosby's lawyers devoted part of their case to travel records they say prove they couldn't have been there when they say the alleged assault happened.
They argue that any encounter there with Constand would have happened earlier, outside the statute of limitations.
The Associated Press doesn't typically identify people who say they're victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission, which Constand has done.
By Abby Hassler
A federal judge dropped Taylor Swift from the complaint in a suit filed by radio host David Mueller.
Related: Taylor Swift Takes Stand in Trial Vs Former Denver DJ
Mueller sued Swift in 2015, claiming they were fired after false allegations that they groped the singer at an event in 2013. Swift countersued that same year claiming sexual assault and battery.
“Taylor Swift did not act improperly,” Judge William J. Martínez said in United States District Court in Denver, according to the New York Times. Martínez said Mueller offered, “insufficient evidence Miss Taylor Swift acted improperly when they reported an assault they truly believed happened.”
Despite Swift being dropped from the case, the judge allowed the suit to continue against the other two defendants, Swift's mother, Andrew Swift, and Frank Bell (one of Swift's managers). Swift's countersuit will also continue.
Closing arguments are expected today.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Former UCLA star Lonzo Ball pokes fun at their dad's outspoken nature in a commercial released in advance of Father's Day and next week's NBA Draft.
The Foot Locker commercial begins with likely lottery picks Jonathan Isaac, De'Aaron Fox and Jayson Tatum discussing examples of how their dads have supported them. Then it shows Ball saying “of course there's that big day when your dad berates your high school coach in front of an entire crowd for not getting you enough touch.”
Later in the commercial, Ball references LaVar Ball's debates with ESPN's Stephen A. Smith and proclamations that Lonzo already is better than 2014-15 and 2015-6 NBA MVP Stephen Curry.
Ball is expected to be one of the top picks in the June 22 draft in Brooklyn, New York.
Comments
comments
With their infant daughter's condition improving following heart surgery, Craig Kimbrel rejoined the Boston Red Sox on Monday, threw live batting practice and declared they will be ready for Opening Day next week.
"There's no denying it's been the toughest thing we've ever been through," Kimbrel said in a news conference at the team's spring training facility. "In the last week, their recovery has been unbelievable, and she's showing great signs."
Kimbrel's daughter, Lydia Joy, was born in November with a heart condition. Three weeks ago, the All-Star closer left the Red Sox with the team's permission to be with Lydia for the second of three surgeries at Boston Children's Hospital. While they were away, teammates wore red T-shirts with the slogan #LydiaStrong as a show of support for the Kimbrels.
Lydia is expected to be released from the hospital within a few weeks, according to Kimbrel. The third surgery won't take place until she's 3 or 4 years old to "straighten up their anatomy so they can grow as a normal child," they said.
In an emotional news conference, Kimbrel expressed their gratitude to the medical staff at Boston Children's Hospital, in addition to the Red Sox for allowing them to leave camp. Kimbrel, a free agent after this season, also noted that they feel fortunate to have access to the medical care in Boston.
"My wife and I talk about it all the time," they said. "We're very strong in our faith. We believe that everything in life happens for a reason, even if we don't understand it at the time."
Although Kimbrel spent most of the past few weeks at the hospital, they were able to steal a few hours each day to work out and throw, usually at nearby Babson College. A few days ago, they threw live batting practice, after Babson coach Matt Noone arranged for hitters to stand in.
"My family comes first and then baseball comes," Kimbrel said. "Stepping away for a few hours was definitely a release. It did help to get in the weight room. It did help to throw the ball. But that's not going to take away the emotions we went through in the hospital.
"She's in a good, comfortable place for me to be down here. If they aren't, I wouldn't be here."
Even though season 8 will have Game of Thrones‘ the fewest episodes ever, the production might spend as much time filming as before — increasing the evidence that GoT will return in 2019, skipping next year entirely.
Liam Cunningham, who plays Ser Davos Seaworth, told TV Guide on Thursday: “[The episodes are] definitely going to be bigger and what I hear is longer,” they said. “We're filming right up until the summer. When you think about it, up until last season we'd have six months to do ten episodes, so we're [doing] way more than that for six episodes. So that obviously will translate into longer episodes.”
GoT normally films for about six months, typically wrapping around December (the recent seventh season, which aired in the summer for the first time, shot from August to February). The final season starts shooting this month. If the production continues filming “right up until summer” that's six months, at least, as Cunningham points out (and some rumors peg the season's length of production as even longer).
As for the production length, GoT showrunners David Benioff and Dan Weiss first told EW they plan to spend a year and a half making the final season. EW also first reported that GoT might not return to 2019. With production not wrapping until summer, a 2019 rollout seems like an increasingly sure bet given the extensive amount of post-production required for the fantasy hit. Plus HBO's other big splashy genre title Westworld is returning after nearly two years sometime in 2018 — there's no premiere date yet — so it's a good bet HBO will put its spotlight on the badass bots next year while focusing its Game of Thrones efforts on promoting season 7 for that fall's Emmy consideration.
As for Cunningham's other revelation, that the episodes will be longer, we're less positive on that one at this point. The actor's phrasing suggests they hadn't yet received the scripts and another beloved Ser — Iain Glen (Ser Jorah Mormont) recently gave a very different reason for a longer production time: The final season will typically only have one unit filming at a time — much like a regular TV show. GoT in the past has often had two units — occasionally three, and very briefly even four — shooting simultaneously, typically in at least two countries. “I think this last season will take much longer to shoot because they can only use one unit because we're all in the same sort of scenes,” Glen said. “We're all starting to occupy the same territory, we're all starting to be in the same storylines and so they can't [have two filming units] anymore.”
So that's two different reasons why GoT will spend so long on six episodes. Both Sers could be right (and we hope they are). We would be shocked if there weren't at least a couple really long episodes in the final season as the last two seasons had episodes that broke the GoT record for longest-episodes ever. The cast will all know for certain how big those scripts are very soon — there's a final season table read this Sunday.
Season 8 will be directed by three teams of directors: Previous GoT Emmy winners Miguel Sapochnik and David Nutter, along with the showrunners Benioff and Weiss. For more on the GoT final season and HBO's prequel plan, check out our GoT FAQ.
MIDDLE ISLAND, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — A Long Island pet adoption agency under investigation by the New York Attorney General has been slammed by a separate lawsuit alleging the no-kill shelter allowed customers to adopt sick dogs.
More: NYC Pet Adoption Guide
Ken Harsch was excited to bring their puppy home to Medford after adopting their new dog Cody from Friends of Freddie in Middle Island.
But the experience turned out to be a nightmare, because the puppy turned out to be very sick.
“He had kennel cough, parasites and advanced pneumonia,” Harsch said. “He was walking around, he'd take two or three steps and then collapse — they were so exhausted. They couldn't breathe.”
Harsch said he's paid more than $6,000 in veterinarian fees to help Cody, on top of the $500 they paid in adoption fees in the first place.
Attorney Vesselin Mitev, who filed the suit against the group, said their dog is still recovering.
“People fork over hundreds of dollars, unsuspecting — and they're infected and infectious,” Mitev said.
If the plaintiffs receive any money, they play to donate the funds to pet rescue groups.
Friends of Freddie was told to get out of a shopping center on Middle Country Road in December 2015 after it was cited for numerous violations.
WCBS 880 has reached out to Friends of Freddie for comment, but did not immediately receive a response.
Telco to roll out Skype for Business for department
The Department of Agriculture and Water Resources has signed a three-year contract extension with Optus for managed ICT services.
The telco today revealed details of the new $13.6 million deal, which builds on a 2013 contract win.
Optus Business said it would deliver voice, mobile and data services for a 5500 mobile device fleet as part of the deal, which also covers telephony, video conferencing, unified communications and contact centre for the department's 150 sites. The telco said it will roll out Skype for Business for the department.
“We're pleased to continue our relationship with Optus Business to build greater digital capability across the department,” said the department's CIO, Peter McKeon.
“By updating our critical technology platforms and investing in managed services, we're well positioned to achieve our objectives now and into the future.”
“Having successfully transitioned and upgraded the department's network infrastructure, we're excited to now have the opportunity to underpin the department's digital transformation,” said Optus Business managing director John Paitaridis.
“We're supporting the department's mission to ensure Australia's agriculture, fisheries, food and forestry industries embrace new digital technologies to improve competitiveness and sustainability.”
Last week Optus published its Q1 results, which revealed its enterprise income was largely steady at $380 million (down 0.3 per cent). The company reported a decline in enterprise voice, data and IP services, but said it had been offset by growth in its ICT and managed services offerings.
ICT and managed services revenue grew 3.1 per cent to $146 million in Q1.
Optus' underlying net profit dropped to $188 million in the quarter, down 3.2 per cent.
Colorado State men's basketball coach Larry Eustachy has been placed on administrative leave amid an internal investigation into their conduct with players and other staff members.
Colorado State athletic director Joe Parker announced Eustachy's temporary leave in a statement Saturday, just hours before the Rams' home game against Nevada.
"I have asked head coach Larry Eustachy to temporarily step away from the men's basketball program, as they have been placed on administrative leave while we conclude our climate assessment," Parker said. "We are diligently working through this assessment as expeditiously as possible, understanding the importance of a thorough and fair process. No conclusions have been made."
Assistant coach Steve Barnes will coach Colorado State on Saturday night. The school announced Wednesday that it would have conversations with students and staff members about the 62-year-old Eustachy.
It marks the second time in four years that Colorado State officials have interviewed players and others about Eustachy's behavior. A 2013-14 investigation alleged that they created a "culture of fear and intimidation" and emotionally abused their players, according to the 90-page report completed by former Rams athletic director Jack Graham.
Eustachy's contract expires after the 2020-21 season.?
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — Secretary-General Antonio Guterres met with Sudan's president, who is accused of genocide by the International Criminal Court, on the sidelines of the African Union summit on grounds of "operational necessity," the United Nations said Monday.
U.N. deputy spokesperson Farhan Haq told reporters that operational necessities allow the U.N. chief to meet with President Omar al-Bashir "from time to time" on issues such as the joint U.N.-African Union peacekeeping force in Darfur and the U.N. peacekeeping mission in the oil-rich Abyei region that is disputed between Sudan and South Sudan.
"That doesn't obviate the need, of course, for respect of the International Criminal Court," Haq said.
Al-Bashir is accused of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes in Darfur during fighting since 2003.
Sudanese Foreign Minister Ibrahim Ghandour told local media that Guterres praised the efforts by Sudan's government to achieve peace in Darfur, Blue Nile and South Kordofan during Sunday's meeting in the Ethiopian capital, Addis Ababa.
Asked whether that was true, Haq said that "it's typical for member states to have their own characterizations of meetings."
"When we talk about meetings ... it's not about praise or about compliments. It's about results," they said.
Haq was also pressed on whether there has been a change in the policy under former Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon of keeping contacts with individuals indicted by the International Criminal Court to an absolute minimum.
"The policy has not changed," Haq said.
In December, ICC prosecutor Fatou Bensouda accused some of the court's members, including Jordan, Uganda and Chad, of undermining the tribunal's "reputation and credibility" by refusing to arrest al-Bashir.
They also criticized the U.N. Security Council, saying it has failed to take action against al-Bashir and others accused of crimes against humanity and war crimes in Darfur — or to act against nations that fail to carry out arrests.
This weekend, Kate Hudson gave us another peek at their musical talent.
In a clip posted by their friend Laurie Lynn Stark, the actor belted out a rendition of Labrinth's “Jealous.” Rocking their new 'do with wine in hand, Hudson sang the ballad a cappella.
Hudson has treated us to some amazing covers throughout their career. This year on Valentine's Day, they sang a soulful version of Rihanna's “Love on the Brain.”
Last year, Kate blew everyone away at their mom Goldie Hawn's charity event when they sang Sinead O'Connor's “Nothing Compares 2 U.”
But Hudson isn't only known for singing ballads. They and Lea Michele once had a dance- and sing-off to Chicago's “All That Jazz” on the hit show Glee.
And count on Kate to give the best performance of the national anthem at 7:30 a.m. on 4th of July.
In other entertainment news, Val Kilmer makes a rare appearance for a movie event:
Read more from Yahoo Celebrity:
Police across 5 states hunting for man suspected of murdering elderly stranger. Murder was broadcast live on Facebook.
The manhunt for the suspected murderer of an elderly Ohio man expanded to five states on Monday, with authorities warning residents in Ohio, Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana, and Michigan that the alleged killer was still at large and likely armed.
On Sunday, the suspect, 37-year old Cleveland resident Steve Stephens made a live broadcast on Facebook as they hunted for a potential victim to kill following the recent breakup with their girlfriend.
Stephens, their mother told reporters, was “shooting people” because they were “made with their girlfriend”.
In the live broadcast of the murder and prior Facebook posts, Stephens referenced their ex-girlfriend as well as gambling debts in connection with their decision to murder a total stranger.
"I lost everything I ever had due to gambling at the Cleveland Jack Casino and Erie Casino," Stephens wrote.
Immediately after the murder, Stephens told viewers on Facebook Live that the breakup with their former girlfriend was to blame for their crime.
"You see, the thing is, man, I'm 37 and all my ******* life, man, I've always been a ******* monster, man.
"Always had to prove myself, always had to take the butts of people's jokes. Just killing man, and all because of this ***** called Joy Lane.
"She put me at my pushing point, man. You know, I was living over there with her, just woke up Friday, I just couldn't take it any more, man.”
The victim, chosen apparently at random, was a 74-year old grandfather, Robert Godwin.
Stephens claimed they had murdered others – more than a dozen – an assertion police have not verified.
Following the murder, Stephens showed no signs of remorse.
“I just left, and yeah, here I am, massacring,” Stephens laughed in the live broadcast.
Police have offered a $50,000 reward for tips leading to Stephens' arrest. The FBI has joined local authorities in the manhunt.
HANNOVER, Germany--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--The two leaders, along with ABB CEO Ulrich Spiesshofer, were shown a demonstration of the company's new high power fast charging solution: the Terra HP EV charging station with a power output of up to 350 kW recharges a car battery in just eight minutes for 200 km reach.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005618/en/
From left to right: German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto, ABB CEO Ulrich Spiesshofer, First Lady Mrs. Angélica Rivera, Managing Director of ABB Germany Hans-Georg Krabbe, Managing Director of ABB Mexico Vicente Magana (Photo: Business Wire)
“This high-power fast charger provides electric vehicles with up to seven times more range in the same charging time than with previous models,” Spiesshofer said. “Together with our comprehensive ABB Ability TM digital offering, we easily connect chargers to back offices, payment platforms or smart grid systems and offer our customers leading functionality.”
As a technology leader in sustainable electric mobility, ABB's product portfolio includes charging technologies for electric cars, buses and trucks, as well as solutions for the electrification of ships, railways and cable ways. With more than 6,500 DC fast charging stations installed in 60 countries, ABB is a global leader in DC fast charging. ABB's e-mobility leadership is also demonstrated by its partnership with Formula E, the world's first fully electric international FIA motorsport series.
ABB (ABBN: SIX Swiss Ex) is a pioneering technology leader in electrification products, robotics and motion, industrial automation and power grids, serving customers in utilities, industry and transport & infrastructure globally. Continuing a history of innovation spanning more than 130 years, ABB today is writing the future of industrial digitalization with two clear value propositions: bringing electricity from any power plant to any plug and automating industries from natural resources to finished products. As title partner of Formula E, the fully electric international FIA motorsport class, ABB is pushing the boundaries of e-mobility to contribute to a sustainable future. ABB operates in more than 100 countries with about 135,000 employees. www.abb.com
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005618/en/
CONTACT: ABB Ltd
Media Relations
Phone: +41 43 317 71 11
Email:media.relations@ch.abb.com
KEYWORD: MEXICO EUROPE NORTH AMERICA CENTRAL AMERICA CANADA GERMANY SWITZERLAND
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: MOTOR SPORTS ENERGY ALTERNATIVE ENERGY TECHNOLOGY HARDWARE TRANSPORT SEMICONDUCTOR OTHER TRANSPORT MANUFACTURING AUTOMOTIVE OTHER AUTOMOTIVE SPORTS
SOURCE: ABB
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 07:06 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 07:06 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005618/en
About 20 students walked around London's downtown streets with two large buckets of water on Wednesday afternoon.
They called it a water walk to raise awareness about the scarcity of clean drinking water in developing countries.
Julianna Mereu, 17, is a student at Central secondary school and helped organize the walk alongside students in their school's social justice club.
The students collected pledges for the walk and raised more than $500 which will go toward building wells for clean water in developing countries.
“It's for the millions of people in developing countries that have to walk hours each day to get water,” Mereu said.
The walk is part of a larger initiative through the company Me to me. The company is a corporate social enterprise that raises funds for humanitarian initiatives around the world.
Central secondary school is a “We school,” meaning it receives information and resources to help teachers and students take charge of fundraising events like this one. Students at the school have to hold two campaigns a year for Me to me.
Students held a bake sale and participated in an annual walk for Me to We in April, but Mereu said they wanted to do something more this year.
Before they had the water walk, Mereu and their teammates in the social justice club researched what clean water access is like around the world. Then, they decided what type of fundraiser or event they wanted to hold to raise funds and awareness.
They hope even after they graduate, the water walk will continue to a point where it is no longer needed.
Kevin Wild, Central secondary school's vice-principal said students organized the walk themselves and he's glad to see students taking an initiative like this.
“I like helping others,” Mereu said. “And this is one of the global issues that's prominent right now and there are things we can do to help.”
Yulia Tymoshenko, leader of the "Fatherland" faction in the Ukrainian parliament claimed yesterday that they would sue the Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, PM Volodymyr Groysman and the Parliament's Chairman Andriy Parubiy unless registration of a draft resolution on resignation of the government is restored till the end of day.
'We demand that this draft on resignation of Mr Groysman should reappear till the end of the day,' Tymoshenko said during a press-conference in Kiev. Leader of the Fatherland party noted that on 10 February a draft resolution on Groysman's resignation was registered in the Ukrainian Parliament. The document presupposed revocation of a decision which lets the Cabinet of Ministers work for a year after being elected. The politician believes that it couldn't happen without an order of the Parliament's Chairman Parubiy.
Tymoshenko also noted that they considered resignation of the PM necessary because of double drop of the GDP, hyperinflation, annihilation of small business, increase of the public utilities fee and decrease of social standards.
Pravda.Ru
Pat Elder reveals how US military recruiters lock young people into contracts of life and death. Donate to order this gift now!
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — Police in New Jersey say they had to coax a German shepherd on a busy interstate to leave a dead pit bull that it was found lying next to.
New Jersey state police said that troopers responded Thursday morning to a report of two dogs on the shoulder of Interstate 280 in Newark.
The troopers say the pit bull was dead when they arrived. They say the German shepherd didn't want to leave its side, but they were able to coax it into a trooper's car.
Authorities say neither dog was wearing a collar or any identification. The German shepherd was given to a dog rescue.
It wasn't clear how the dog died. The case remains under investigation.
Copyright AP 2017. All rights reserved.
Voter ID will likely return
JOHN HOOD
Syndicated Columnist
Although recent court decisions might lead you to think otherwise, North Carolina voters are probably going to have to present photo identification to cast ballots in the near future. I'll now explain why neither Democrats nor Republicans should expect such a rule to make much of a difference in electoral outcomes.
My prediction about the return of voter ID rests on two facts. First, whatever you think of the decision by federal appellate judges to strike down North Carolina's omnibus election-law bill — I think it was an absurdity — it does not constitute some new judicial prohibition against voter ID requirements. Such rules are constitutional and commonplace.
Rather, the appellate judges concluded (by waving aside the trial court's extensive findings of fact) that a bill combining voter ID, changes in early voting, and the elimination of same-day registration and out-of-precinct voting constituted an intent on the part of North Carolina lawmakers to suppress minority votes.
If the General Assembly enacts a new measure focused on verification of voter identity, with appropriate provisions to get the word out and provide free IDs to those of modest means, it will match North Carolina law with that of other jurisdictions and thus render the (inevitable) legal challenge less effective.
The other reason I think voter ID is in North Carolina's future is that most North Carolinians have favored it for years and continue to do so. In the Civitas Institute's latest poll, for example, 68 percent of likely voters favored a photo ID requirement for voting, with 31 percent opposed. Almost as many, in fact, said they favored putting such a requirement in the state constitution.
The Civitas sample was hardly skewed in favor of conservatives and Republicans, by the way. It had President Donald Trump's approval rating at 42 percent, Gov. Roy Cooper's approval at 61 percent, and a substantial Democratic lead in the generic ballot for state legislature.
So if you think voter ID is nothing more than a partisan Republican plot that presents a great danger to the Democratic Party, you are out of step with most of your fellow North Carolinians and with most federal jurisprudence on the matter.
As it happens, you are also out of step with the preponderance of research on the subject. Most academic scholars have found little to no effect of voter-ID requirements on turnout, either in general or in the form of differentials between voting groups. As Benjamin Highton, a professor at the University of California at Davis, explained in in a new paper for the Annual Review of Political Science, the empirical evidence to date “does not substantiate” the concerns of Democratic partisans and liberal activists. “To the extent that sound evidence exists, it shows modest turnout effects and only minor differences across politically relevant groups,” Highton wrote.
Now, to say that apocalyptic warnings about voter ID are overblown is not to say that its proponents are always on solid ground. In fact, the same evidence cuts against extravagant claims that voter fraud is extensive enough to explain recent electoral outcomes. If voter impersonation, for example, were a large-scale phenomenon, the instigation of ID requirements ought to have reduced turnout markedly when compared against previous elections or jurisdictions without voter ID.
In fact, only elections with razor-thin margins are likely to be affected by illegally cast ballots. And most illegally cast ballots involve voters who actually have IDs, such as felons, illegal aliens who drive, and people with dual residencies (although an ID provision can still be helpful as part of a system for detecting such behavior).
In my view, it is wise to take low-cost precautions against low-probability but high-cost events such as voter fraud. Such precautions could well include a properly administered set of photo ID rules, which many other states and nations employ and which most North Carolinians see as reasonable.
This issue simply doesn't merit the sound and fury of recent years.
John Hood is chairperson of the John Locke Foundation and appears on the talk show “NC SPIN.” You can follow them @JohnHoodNC.
16:23 Reported News Briefs Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Long standing pillar of Mir Yeshiva tragically ill Read a more esteemed and long-respected member of the Mir Yeshiva, Rav Matisyahu Katz, is reportedly tragically ill. They have reportedly had close r ► ◄ Last Briefs
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Updated at 2:10 p.m. ET
A judge declined to set bond for an Ohio man during their first court appearance after allegedly ramming a vehicle into a crowd of people demonstrating against a white supremacist rally Saturday in Charlottesville, Va.
Charlottesville resident Heather Heyer was killed, and at least 19 other people were in injured in the attack.
The Charlottesville Police Department said Saturday that James Alex Fields Jr., 20, of Maumee, Ohio, was charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and run.
During today's Charlottesville court hearing, as NPR's Debbie Elliott reports, Fields "appeared by video from jail, dressed in a gray and white-striped prison jumpsuit."
They answered the judge's questions with a simple "Yes, sir" and "No, sir," according to The Associated Press.
Fields told Judge Robert Downer that they could not afford a lawyer. "Downer assigned a court-appointed attorney to represent Fields, and set another hearing for Aug. 25," Debbie adds. "Until then, the judge said, Fields would remain in jail with no bond in part because they have no ties to the area."
The AP adds that the judge told the court that the "public defenders' office informed them it could not represent Fields because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest." Fields was taken into custody on Saturday after the incident.
Details are emerging about Fields' background and their interest in Nazi Germany. One of the suspect's high school teachers in Ohio told member station WVXU that Fields "was intelligent and didn't cause trouble," but was "also deeply into Adolf Hitler and white supremacy."
Derek Weimer, who had Fields in three classes at Randall K. Cooper High School in Union, Ky., told WVXU, "He went to a good school. Lived in a good neighborhood. There were plenty of people around to try to guide them in the right direction. My first feeling is we failed. I failed."
Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told The Toledo Blade that they were aware their son was going to what they called an "alt-right" rally. "I told them to be careful," Bloom said, according to the newspaper. "[And] if they're going to rally to make sure he's doing it peacefully."
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
KINGSPORT, TN (WJHL) – News Channel 11 obtained 911 dispatch calls surrounding the incident at Eastman.
The audio depicted an urgency to get all firefighters to the scene, and News Channel 11's Elizabeth Kuebel spoke to some of the people responding to those calls for help.
Kingsport Fire Department Senior Captain Terry Arnold responded to Eastman Wednesday morning.
They say the initial call came in asking for what's called a full assignment, which means five engines and a ladder truck. Arnold said it was an unusual request considering the chemical company usually asks for one engine.
“We knew if Eastman was asking for that much, they had something that was or could be even worse,” Arnold said.
The senior captain said they were on site for the second explosion. They said they felt the ground shake.
Arnold worked at Eastman for several years as a paramedic, and they said they knew the sights and sounds of the company, but what they experienced Wednesday was different.
We asked Arnold what the scene looked like. They said, “It was a blast zone. An explosion happened, it was very apparent. There was a lot of damage, but it could have been a lot worse.”
Arnold also said responders actually pulled up News Channel 11 video capturing the moment of the explosion, and said it really helped give them a better understanding of the scene they were responding to.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
Uproxx
On October 15 of last year, Alyssa Milano took to Twitter and encouraged their followers to raise awareness of sexual abuse and harassment by using the hashtag #MeToo. The phrase had previously been popularized in 2006 by abuse survivor Tarana Burke. This time around, it developed more traction because it coincided with a series of revelations about famous men guilty of abusing their power for sexual gain.
A week before Milano's tweet, Harvey Weinstein was the subject of a revelatory New York Times article, and in quick succession, a light was shined on Lawrence G. Nassar, Kevin Spacey, Roy Moore, Louis C.K., Matt Lauer, Garrison Keillor, and Russell Simmons. In December, Time magazine named the “Silence Breakers” its 2017 Persons of the Year.
The momentum continued to build. For men who were watching from the sidelines, there were mixed emotions. Certainly, no one was defending Weinstein, but for some, the situations surrounding Aziz Ansari and James Franco fell into a confusing gray area. And it was hard to have a conversation about having mixed feelings without being shouted down for failing women or being a supporter of assault and harassment. The movement needed time to breathe without a bunch of dudes poking holes in it.
Still, when people are reprimanded for asking questions, all it teaches them is to stop asking. It doesn't get them on your side or help them on the road to an epiphany. Considering this, we wanted to offer a place to start these discussions. In February, we asked readers to submit questions they had in light of the #MeToo movement and the harassment revelations, and we submitted them to a group of smart women with a comprehensive understanding of gender, consent, and the critical issues at the center of the movement.
Please read through their answers and jump into the comments with your thoughtful, balanced reactions. We think this is a discussion that is important and ongoing.
Unsplash Lucia
When I ask my guy friends, I haven't found anyone who understands that they have a “gender.” They all think that the only thing that makes them a man is their junk, but I'm trying to understand the idea of gender outside of genitalia. Any chance you can help me with that — in straightforward terms?
Dr. Casey Brienza, sociologist and author: Sex is determined by biology, whereas gender is determined by society and culture. Does a man have to show you their “junk” to assert their gender identity? Probably not. Other cues, such as dress, hairstyle, body language, speech patterns, etc. are usually sufficient, and the very fact that these may differ in different parts the world tells us that they are not inherent. Or, for that matter, immutable.
Dr. Chauntelle Tibbals, sociologist and author: In sociology and social-psychology circles, this is often discussed as a (problematic, obvs) dimension of the “default person.” The default person is male, heterosexual, able-bodied, white, etc. As a society, we spent a lot of time using that default person/experience as the neutral guide for structuring society.
So, to your question, we are talking “males don't have a gender because they are conceptualized as the social default/generic”-type of thing. A gender is something that's added in as an extra to move a human away from the “default” experience – and within this system and process, the penis has become a sort of symbolic embodiment of that default entity.
It's interesting to me too how this taps into interlocking systems of privileges and oppression. Like, a man may have none of those other “default” characteristics, but if he's got that dick he's somehow still plugged into the hierarchy in a socially advantageous way.
The 12 boys and their soccer coach who remain trapped inside a partly flooded cave in northern Thailand appeared healthy and upbeat in new video released Wednesday morning.
Interested in Thailand Cave Rescue? Add Thailand Cave Rescue as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Thailand Cave Rescue news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
The footage, taken by the Royal Thai Navy on Tuesday and posted to , shows the boys and their coach wrapped in foil blankets and sitting clustered together in the dark cave, alongside divers and medics who have been looking after the group since locating them. A flashlight illuminates the boys' thin but smiling faces as they take turns talking on camera, each introducing themselves, saying they're in good health and showing signs of gratitude.
Meanwhile, rescuers are frantically trying to come up with a plan to extract the boys from the depths of the cave as safely, and quickly, as possible.
The teammates, between the ages of 11 and 16, hiked into Tham Luang Nang Non, Thailand's longest cave, with their 25-year-old soccer coach after practice on June 23. It's believed that the coach often brought their team to the popular tourist site in mountainous Chiang Rai province for fun excursions.
But as the group ventured deeper into the complex, the sky opened up and it began to rain, flooding the cave and cutting off their exit route. The group forged ahead before finding a raised, dry chamber where they were stranded in total darkness.
Thai officials launched a massive search and rescue operation involving more than 1,000 people, including specialists drafted in from various nations such as Australia, China, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States. The search and rescue teams tried anything they could to locate the boys and their coach -- deploying ultrasonic sensors into the cave, drilling through the rock and dropping survival packages down holes they found above ground in hopes the shafts connect to the cave network below.
Royal Thai Navy/AP, FILE
After more than a week, two British cave divers found all 13 alive in an area of the cave that's about half a mile underground and more than a mile from the main entrance. But the trek there was treacherous and took about six hours on Monday.
The divers, John Volanthen and Richard Stanton, had to navigate through a labyrinth of caverns and tunnels, both dry and flooded, with some barely wide enough for their diving equipment.
"They are cave divers with experience of diving in very flooded caves all over the world and some rescue operations as well," Bill Whitehouse, the vice chairperson of the British Cave Rescue Council, told ABC News of Volanthen and Stanton. "They had skills to go in through the flooded passages and lay a guideline for others to follow and clear obstructions to allow people to get through. So, they were the pathfinders."
Linh Pham/Getty Images
Volanthen and Stanton, who are members of the British Cave Council, described to colleagues the challenging hazards within the cave, including poor visibility, powerful currents in the floodwaters, extremely narrow passageways and one flooded area they said was about 5,000 feet long, half of which had no airspace to emerge if something when awry underwater.
"It's not like open water diving where you can just surface if something goes wrong," Whitehouse said. "If you have gone 200 meters down a flooded cave passing, if anything wrong you have to come out that 200 meters before you can put your head up above water."
Thai Navy Seal/AP
While they were in relatively good shape, some of the boys complained of being weak from stress and lack of food while others suffered from minor injuries, such as scrapes and cuts. They have received high-protein drinks and medical assessments by the group of Royal Thai Navy members and medics who are staying with them.
Meanwhile, Thai officials are also working to run a fiber optic phone line into the cave so the boys can speak with their families waiting anxiously outside.
Royal Thai Navy/AP
It's unclear exactly how and when rescuers will extract the group, and Thai officials have cautioned that it could take "weeks or months."
Crews have been scouring the region's rugged jungle-covered terrain in hopes of finding a safer way to enter the cave complex underground. They've also attempted to pump water from the flooded areas of the cave, but persistent downpours have hampered their efforts as Thailand enters its rainy season.
Chiang Rai provincial Gov. Narongsak Osatanakorn said the boys have been wearing diving masks and practicing breathing, in case heavy rains forecast for this weekend force the group to swim and dive out the same way rescuers entered.
ABC News' Dada Jovanovic contributed to this report.
By Hayden Wright
After a rocky start to 2017, Mariah Carey seems to have hit their stride with new music and a new boyfriend. The elusive chanteuse split with Australian billionaire James Packer last year and quickly moved on with Bryan Tanaka, a backup dancer who appears on their docuseries Mariah's World. The pair shared an intimate Valentine's Day photo in a large copper bathtub.
Related: Mariah Carey Shares Music Video for ‘I Don't' Featuring YG
Mimi wished their followers a happy Valentine's Day and selected some hashtags: #happy, #moments and #bubbles. They seem to have put a public breakup and humiliating technical difficulties on New Year's Eve behind them Cheers!
Take a peek at Mariah's carefree, festive Valentine's Day here:
A Canadian accused of helping Russian intelligence agents break into email accounts as part of a massive 2014 data breach at Yahoo was sentenced to five years in prison on Tuesday and ordered to pay a US$250,000 fine.
Karim Baratov, who pleaded guilty in November 2017 in San Francisco, was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Vince Chhabria, a spokesperson for the U.S. Attorney's Office said.
Baratov, a Canadian citizen born in Kazakhstan, was arrested in Canada in March 2017 at the request of U.S. prosecutors. They later waived their right to fight a request for their extradition to the United States.
Lawyers for Baratov in a court filing had urged a sentence of 45 months in prison, while prosecutors had sought 94 months.
"This case is about a young man, younger than most of the defendants in hacking cases throughout this country, who hacked emails, one at a time, for $100 a hack," the defense lawyers wrote in a May 19 court filing.
Verizon Communications Inc, the largest U.S. wireless operator, acquired most of Yahoo Inc's assets in June 2017.
The U.S. Justice Department announced charges in March 2017 against Baratov and three others, including two officers in Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB), for their roles in the 2014 hacking of 500 million Yahooaccounts. Baratov is the only one of the four that has been arrested. Yahoo in 2016 said cyber thieves may have stolen names, email addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth and encrypted passwords.
When FSB officers learned that a target had a non-Yahoo webmail account, including through information obtained from the Yahoo hack, they worked with Baratov, who was paid to break into at least 80 email accounts, prosecutors said, including numerous Alphabet Inc Gmail accounts.
Federal prosecutors said in a court filing "the targeted victims were of interest to Russian intelligence" and included "prominent leaders in the commercial industries and senior government officials (and their counselors) of Russia and countries bordering Russia."
Prosecutors said FSB officers Dmitry Dokuchaev and Igor Sushchin directed and paid hackers to obtain information and used Alexsey Belan, who is among the FBI's most-wanted cyber criminals, to breach Yahoo.
(Reporting by David Shepardson in Washington and Nate Raymond in Boston; Editing by Tom Brown)
Each day of the fair, there will be livestock shows, a petting zoo, ag venture barn feature interactive time with animals, livestock display in the covered arena, Ham Bone Express pig race, Banana Derby, poultry exhibits, a rabbit show, horse shows, a dog show, cat show and more.
For more information, visit wilsoncountyfair.net.
3 Like this video? Spread the word! The more popular a video is, the more we publish like it.
Please note that any reproduction of this video without the express written consent of The Escapist is expressly forbidden.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The United States is declaring the Zhao Wei network that operates a casino in Laos to be a transnational criminal organization.
The Treasury Department imposed sanctions Tuesday on four individuals and three companies across Laos, Thailand and Hong Kong, freezing any U.S. assets and prohibiting Americans from dealing with them.
Treasury officials say the Kings Romans Casino is a hub for trafficking in drugs, people and wildlife. The department says the network stores and distributes heroin and methamphetamine, and smuggles endangered animals, including Asiatic black bears, pangolins, tigers, rhinos and elephants. The casino is reportedly a draw for gamblers from nearby China and sells food and other products derived from exotic animals.
The sanctioned individuals include Chinese national Zhao Wei, co-owner of the three companies linked to the casino.
Bill Hader followed their hosting appearance on SNL this past Saturday with a nice chat with Seth Meyers on Monday. The two SNL pals talked a bit about Hader's new HBO series Barry and a few behind-the-scenes details of this week's more memorable SNL sketches. The most interesting is the chat about Stefon and its nod to Meyer's own “A Closer Look” segments, keeping their connection to the character alive despite their physical absence from the show.
Hader also revealed exactly what John Mulaney whispered in their ear during their short appearance to make them crack up. Much like the actual lines Mulaney writes for Stefon during their many appearances, it turns out it was just another random reference, this time to Yoshinoya Beef Bowl in LA. It was enough to make Hader crack up again along with Meyers, which just kinda shows the way it really just humors them and they managed to bend it into something enjoyable for the entire audience.
They also chat about Hader's old man sketch, noting how the network censors would not allow any simulated sex to make it on the air. That's why Hader was so stiff and relied heavily on the wheelchair they were in, leading to the hilarious moment at the end where they push Melissa Villasenor and the entire table across the room. Turns out it wasn't intentional and they just rolled with it.
As many as 12 All Blacks have signed contract extensions to remain at the Crusaders until the end of 2019.
With the exception of scrumhalf Bryn Hall, all the players who started for the Crusaders in the Super Rugby final against the Lions have secured contracts for next year and beyond.
The 25-year-old Hall initially joined the Crusaders on a one-year deal from the Blues and is yet to re-sign with the franchise; while there is also uncertainty surrounding the future of Marty McKenzie, who only made five Super Rugby appearances this year.
The 12 All Blacks who have agreed new deals are Codie Taylor, Sam Whitelock, Kieran Read, Owen Franks, Israel Dagg, Joe Moody, Matt Todd, Ryan Crotty, Seta Tamanivalu, Wyatt Crockett, Scott Barrett and Luke Romano.
The non-Test players include Richie Mo'unga, Mitchell Hunt, Ben Funnell, Mike Alaalatoa, Tim Perry and Oli Jager.
Full story
Photo: Gavin Barker/BackpagePix
Colorado State men's basketball coach Larry Eustachy has been placed on administrative leave amid an internal investigation into their conduct with players and other staff members.
Colorado State athletic director Joe Parker announced Eustachy's temporary leave in a statement Saturday, just hours before the Rams' home game against Nevada.
"I have asked head coach Larry Eustachy to temporarily step away from the men's basketball program, as they have been placed on administrative leave while we conclude our climate assessment," Parked said. "We are diligently working through this assessment as expeditiously as possible, understanding the importance of a thorough and fair process. No conclusions have been made."
Assistant coach Steve Barnes will coach Colorado State on Saturday night. The school announced Wednesday that it would have conversations with students and staff members about the 62-year-old Eustachy.
It marks the second time in four years that Colorado State officials have interviewed players and others about Eustachy's behavior. A 2013-14 investigation alleged that they created a "culture of fear and intimidation" and emotionally abused their players, according to the 90-page report completed by former Rams athletics director Jack Graham.
Eustachy's contract expires after the 2020-21 season.?
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on Republican tax plan (all times local):
12:25 p.m.
President Donald Trump is making their final pitch for the Republican tax plan in a speech to the American people.
White House spokesperson Lindsay Walters says Trump will deliver a speech Wednesday on how tax reform will help taxpayers and their families.
Trump and Republican leaders in Congress have promoted a massive tax plan by promising the tax cuts will boost the economy. The $1.5 trillion House and Senate tax bills combine steep tax cuts for corporations with modest reductions for individuals.
Republicans are eager to prove they can get something done after they failed to dismantle former Barack Obama's health care law earlier this year.
11:33 a.m.
The Trump administration is now estimating the Republican tax bill will generate about $1.8 trillion in new tax revenue over 10 years by boosting economic growth.
But that's a lot more than nonpartisan congressional analysts have projected. The Joint Committee on Taxation estimates that growth stimulated by the anticipated tax cuts will generate some $409 billion in additional tax revenue over 10 years.
President Donald Trump and Republican leaders in Congress have promoted the massive tax plan by promising the tax cuts will boost the economy. The $1.5 trillion House and Senate tax bills combine steep tax cuts for corporations with modest reductions for individuals.
The new Treasury Department analysis out Monday says about half the expected increase in economic growth likely will result from tax benefits for corporations.
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) — Puerto Rico's Senate has ordered government agencies to explain why tens of thousands of people in rural areas remain without power or appropriate shelter as anger grows about the lack of basic services more than seven months after Hurricane Maria.
The agencies have five days to present a plan on how and when they will address the needs of rural towns.
The order comes as police in a small mountain town blocked power crews from leaving on Tuesday while residents demanded they stay to restore electricity service that many still lack.
The standoff ended after the power company promised it would keep crews in Las Piedras until service is fully restored. The crews were obeying company orders to head off to another town.
Supreme Court (SC) Associate Justice Presbitero J. Velasco, Jr. refuted on Friday Senator Leila De Lima's claims that they lobbied for the acquittal of a so-called drug lord at the New Bilibid Prision (NBP) in 2009.
Responding to a story ran by the Philippine Daily Inquirer on Friday titled “Leila links SC Justice Velasco to drug lord,” Velasco vehemently denied de Lima's allegations that they “pushed for the acquittal” of convicted drug lord German Agojo.
“The High Court affirmed the conviction of drug lord German Agojo when the Supreme Court division deliberated on the case in 2009,” Velasco said in a statement.
ADVERTISEMENT
“The High Court affirmed the conviction of Mr. Agojo,” they added.
The magistrate said that they neither even dissented to the decision, which was penned by now-retired Justice Dante O. Tinga, nor verbally moved for Agojo's acquittal.
Velasco pointed out that Tinga had clarified that the deliberation on the Agojo case was very “uneventful.”
The justice also said that neither did they know nor met Agojo and, thus, had no relationship with the drug lord.
Velasco said De Lima's allegations were based on a report by journalist Maritess Vitug, whom they charged with libel before the Manila Regional Trial Court for the same reason. They said they dropped the case later on “out of compassion.”
Velasco said De Lima's accusation was an attempt to make them inhibit from their illegal drugs case pending before the SC.
“The attempt by Sen. De Lima to inhibit Justice Velasco could simply be an attempt on their part to an advantage in connection with their pending case before the Supreme Court involving illegal drug trade and/or conspiracy to commit illegal trade,” the statement read. /kga
Getty Image
Joel Embiid and the Philadelphia 76ers have a big fan in former Sixers star Allen Iverson. The Answer has already claimed that Ben Simmons is playing beyond their years, and on Tuesday, they gave a ringing endorsement of fellow big Embiid.
Iverson appeared next to Stephen A. Smith on First Take on Tuesday, when Max Kellerman asked who their top five active NBA players are. Iverson had already said LeBron James was the best player in the NBA, but it was tough for them to pick the other four.
The clip starts around the two minute mark of the video. Iverson said “definitely” Kevin Durant, then went into their other three picks, including Embiid.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The man who shot a member of congress and four other people Wednesday had apparently volunteered for Bernie Sanders' 2016 presidential campaign, the Vermont senator said Wednesday before assailing violence as “unacceptable in our society.”
“I am sickened by this despicable act,” said Sanders, an independent.
Sanders, 75, unsuccessfully sought the Democratic nomination against Hillary Clinton. They ran a passionate, anti-establishment campaign that won support from many younger, liberal voters and gave Clinton a closer race than many expected, but they eventually backed them candidacy.
The senator spoke hours after a man identified as James T. Hodgkinson of Belleville, Illinois, opened fire on Republican lawmakers, aides and others practicing baseball in suburban Alexandria, Virginia. Officers shot Hodgkinson, who later died.
Sanders issued a two-paragraph statement on the shooting and read it nearly verbatim on the Senate floor. They ignored a reporter's attempt to ask them questions, walking briskly out of the Capitol after a vote.
“Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society, and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms,” Sanders said. “Real change can only come about through nonviolent action, and anything else runs against our most deeply held American values.”
Robert Becker, director of Sanders' Iowa campaign, said staff workers could not recall Hodgkinson. Hodgkinson was said to have been among 1,000 volunteers around Davenport, but Becker said, “Nobody has a recollection of this guy coming in.”
Comments
comments
COLUMN: Best name in racing shows willpower to win Indy 500 Will Power, of Australia, apologizes to 2018 500 Festival Queen Scholar Natalie Murdock after dousing them with milk while celebrating the win at the Indianapolis 500 auto race at Indianapolis Motor Speedway, in Indianapolis Sunday, May 27, 2018. (AP Photo/Darron Cummings)
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) -- William Stephen Power was named after their great-grandfather, an Australian motorbike racer who ''set records from Toowoomba to Brisbane'' and sparked a love of motorsports passed down three generations.
Will Power.
Legendary drag racer John Force called it the greatest name in motorsports.
Now it will forever be linked to ''The Greatest Spectacle in Racing.''
Five years after pledging to improve on ovals, Power won on the biggest one in the world and took one of Roger Penske's cars to victory in the Indianapolis 500. The Indy win was the 17th for Penske, elected to the NASCAR Hall of Fame just last week, and made Power the winningest IndyCar driver in Team Penske history.
He's won 31 times for Penske, but Sunday's victory at Indianapolis Motor Speedway was just their seventh triumph on an oval. Their specialty is winning on road and street courses, and no one has been more consistent at those venues than Power over the last decade.
The road to improvement started in 2013, the year after Power coughed up another championship, and they turned their focus toward mastering those vexing ovals on the schedule. When they won that season's finale in California, they declared themselves fit to consistently challenge for wins.
They conquered the Milwaukee Mile the next year, the year they became a champion, and has since won twice at Pocono, once at Texas and now on the grandest stage in motorsports.
''I just got better and better and better at ovals. Just absolutely love them now,'' Power said Monday. ''Understand them so well. I know exactly what I want, exactly how the car should feel, know how to drive them, know when to take risks. That just took time. Now I would race them every week if I could.''
Yes, their path to this life-changing Indy 500 victory began five years ago with an attitude change.
Story Continues
The extra push they needed came a month ago, at an NHRA event at Charlotte Motor Speedway in North Carolina.
Power had the weekend off, and having never been to the drag races, they figured an afternoon in a different environment might do some good. The first four races of the IndyCar season had not gone their way: He'd been in two race-ending accidents and was seventh in the championship standings.
That day at zMax Dragway, watching NHRA drivers race four-wide down the strip, helped turn Power's season around.
They were stopped everywhere they went in the paddock and given an in-depth tour of the cars, engines and setup from Funny Car driver Ron Capps. Courtney Force, who is married to IndyCar regular Graham Rahal, took a selfie with Power to show ''at least one IndyCar driver came to see me on their weekend off,'' because their husband had a prior engagement.
Then Power saw Courtney Force's father, 16-time champion John Force and one of the most powerful personalities in motorsports. Power broke free from their group, raced over to Force and was entertained for 30 minutes by racing stories told in Force's bold, embellishing style.
As Power made their way out of the paddock, they were randomly stopped by the father of seven-time NASCAR champion Jimmie Johnson, who recognized Power in passing and told them what they fan they were of the driver.
When the day ended and Power and their wife headed home, their demeanor had changed. They had that swagger back, admitting the afternoon was a massive confidence-booster before heading to Indy.
Power got to the great gray speedway nestled in a neighborhood and won on the road course, the warmup to the Indy 500. Their toddler son took their first steps while the family was in Indianapolis. They didn't make a mistake the entire month of May and parlayed that into the biggest win of their career.
''It was kind of the turning point. I went down there and had a really good time,'' Power said of the trip to the drag races. ''We were joking around a lot. That's like, the happiest times in your life, when you are around friends and you are totally in the moment, joking around, trying to be funny, and not thinking about the past or the future. That was a day like that.''
A relaxing day. The kind of day that a guy who is driven - in their own quirky way - can use as a reset in trying times.
Power arrived in Indianapolis so much looser than ever before. They knew Penske had given them a fast Chevrolet, and if everything went right, they had a shot at winning. And when they did, the victory celebration was like few before.
Power didn't cry, but they couldn't stop screaming. He's not even sure what they said in that hectic celebration. They maintain a dairy-free diet, so they took just one sip from the celebratory milk - ''It was whole cream,'' they said, because they couldn't choose chocolate - and decided to shower it through the winner's circle ''NASCAR-style.'' They wound up drenching Indianapolis festival princess Natalie Murdock.
Mortified once their wife pointed out Murdock, who had milk covering their eyeglasses and running down their face, Power could not have been more apologetic.
In truth, that might have been William Stephen Power's only slip-up all month.
''It was better to just be in the moment. I don't regret anything I did,'' they insisted. ''I don't care what people say. I do not care. I was in the moment, and that's how I've been lately. I could not care less what people think about me. I am going to be myself. I like it, and that's basically it.''
---
More AP auto racing: www.racing.ap.org
Alexander Rossi Says Andretti Has Improved From 2016, But Lack Of Results Has Impeded Team
Although Alexander Rossi is winless with four races left in the Verizon IndyCar Series season, they still feel they and Andretti Autosport have performed better than last year.
Rossi won the 100th Indianapolis 500 in 2016, but it was otherwise a miserable rookie season for him. They left Europe after the 2015 Formula 1 campaign in search of a full-time ride and signed with Andretti-Herta Autosport to pilot the No. 98 Honda.
Except for their unlikely fuel-mileage victory in the Indy 500, their best finish last year was fifth in the season finale at Sonoma Raceway. Rossi only qualified in the top 10 three times and finished in the top 10 six times throughout 2016. They ended up 11th in the final standings.
This year, they and the other three full-time Andretti cars have shown more speed than last season. But misfortune has plagued the organization, beginning with the Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach in April, where all four dropped out with mechanical issues. Andretti entries finished 17th through 20th there.
Two races later, they had trouble all over again at Phoenix Raceway. Ryan Hunter-Reay had a suspension failure while Rossi, Marco Andretti, and Takuma Sato crashed out.
For this year's Indy 500, Andretti entered six Hondas, but two of them suffered blown engines before the checkered flag waved. Hunter-Reay fell out on Lap 137 after leading 28 laps and finished 27th, while F1 superstar Fernando Alonso's day ended on Lap 180 after leading 27 laps and wound up 24th.
“We've had a lot more bad luck this year; I guess if you will. But the pace for the whole team has been way better,” Rossi said. “At the beginning of the year, we had a lot of technical failures.
Sato's victory in the Indy 500 has been the bright spot for the team, and they demonstrated that when an Andretti Honda makes it to the finish, its driver will certainly be a contender for the win.
Rossi also led 23 laps at Indy after starting on the outside of the front row. They finished seventh, and Marco Andretti finished eighth.
“The team, as a four-car unit, has taken a massive step forward. The tracks we're the weakest at last year, Toronto for example, we were on the podium,” Rossi said. “At Detroit, Takuma was on pole. There have been a lot of improvements. It's just been unfortunate, but there's not kind of a global team result to show for that other than obviously the 500 again this year.”
Sato is the highest-ranked Andretti driver in the standings, 23 points ahead of Rossi who sits eighth. Hunter-Reay and Marco Andretti are 12th and 13th in the championship, respectively.
IndyCar's four remaining races are at Pocono Raceway, Gateway Motorsports Park, Watkins Glen International, and Sonoma.
Gateway ends a 14-year hiatus with IndyCar and is a new addition to the series this year, so it's unclear what to expect from Rossi and Andretti at the 1.25-mile oval. But the end of the schedule could play into Rossi's favor. Two of their top 10s from last season came at Watkins Glen and Sonoma — finishes of eighth and fifth, respectively.
By Gulsen Solaker, Tuvan Gumrukcu and Daren Butler
ANKARA/ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A defiant Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan denounced the West's "crusader mentality" on Monday after European monitors criticized a referendum in which they won sweeping new powers.
Erdoğan, whose narrow victory laid bare the nation's divisions, told flag-waving supporters that foreign election observers should "know their place" and Turkey did not "see, hear or acknowledge" criticism that the vote did not live up to international standards.
(Graphic showing results so far: http://tmsnrt.rs/2oNBvKv)
Sunday's vote ended all debate on forging a stronger presidency, said Erdoğan, who argues that concentration of power is needed to prevent instability.
Opponents accuse them of leading a drive toward one-man rule in Turkey, a NATO member that borders Iran, Iraq and Syria and whose stability is of vital importance to the United States and European Union.
The main opposition party rejected the result and called for the vote to be annulled. Thousands of people marched through at least three neighborhoods of Istanbul, some chanting "Thief, Erdoğan", "no to the presidency" and "this is just the beginning" after calls on social media for protests in several cities.
Late on Monday, cabinet extended a state of emergency by three months, Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus told reporters - the third such extension since a failed coup attempt last July.
DEEP DIVIDE
Election authorities said preliminary results showed 51.4 percent of voters had backed the biggest overhaul of Turkish politics since the founding of the modern republic.
Sources in Erdoğan's palace said U.S. President Donald Trump had telephoned to congratulate him.
But the narrowness of their victory could add to volatility in a country that has lately survived an attempted coup, attacks by Islamists, a Kurdish insurgency, civil unrest and war across its Syrian border.
The result laid bare the deep divide between the urban middle classes who see their future as part of a European mainstream and the pious rural poor who favor Erdoğan's strong hand. Erdoğan reiterated their readiness to restore the death penalty at several appearances on Monday, which would effectively end Turkey's decades-long quest to join the EU.
They said it was not important if the EU suspended Turkish accession talks.
"The crusader mentality in the West and its servants at home have attacked us," Erdoğan told a crowd as they arrived at Ankara airport, referring to the foreign monitors' assessment.
"We neither see, hear, nor acknowledge the political reports you'll prepare," they said later at the palace. "We'll continue on our path. Talk to the hand. This country has carried out the most democratic elections, not seen anywhere in the West."
The mission of observers from the 47-member Council of Europe, the continent's leading human rights body, said the referendum was an uneven contest. Support for "Yes" dominated campaign coverage, and the arrests of journalists and closure of media outlets silenced other views, the monitors said.
"In general, the referendum did not live up to Council of Europe standards. The legal framework was inadequate for the holding of a genuinely democratic process," said Cezar Florin Preda, head of the delegation.
While the monitors had no information of actual fraud, a last-minute decision by electoral authorities to allow unstamped ballots to be counted undermined an important safeguard and contradicted electoral law, they said.
Turkey's foreign ministry dismissed the observers' criticism as lacking objectivity and impartiality.
The U.S. State Department said it had taken note of the European monitors' concerns and looked forward to a final report, urging the Turkish government to protect the rights and freedoms of all citizens, however they voted.
RISING POWER
Erdoğan, a populist with a background in once-banned Islamist parties, has ruled since 2003 with no real rival, while their country emerged as one of the fastest-growing industrial powers in both Europe and the Middle East.
They have also been at the center of global affairs, commanding NATO's second-biggest military on the border of Middle East war zones, taking in millions of Syrian refugees and controlling their further flow into Europe.
OAKLAND, Calif. - On Wednesday during exit interviews, Kevin Durant dismissed the notion that the Golden State Warriors are constructed as a super team. In making their point, they directed attention to the organization's drafting prowess and recruiting targets rather than just focusing on the fact that they have four All-Stars in himself, Stephen Curry, Klay Thompson and Draymond Green.
"First of all, if everybody wanted Steph, they would have been the No. 1 pick," Durant said. "A lot of people passed on him. A lot of people doubted Steph, saying they aren't going to be this good. Klay Thompson, they were just supposed to be this okay shooter in the league, like that's what you thought of Klay Thompson when they came in. Draymond, nobody wanted him. They were a 6-5 power forward. [They said] they couldn't play in the league, they couldn't start in the NBA. Shaun Livingston had a crazy knee injury.
"Nobody wanted him. Nobody thought that that they would get back to being Shaun Livingston. Andre Iguodala, they got traded a couple of times. Nobody wanted him. A lot of people didn't expect these guys to be where they are today. Super team? No, we just work extremely well together. Coach puts us in position to maximize our strengths."
Cleveland Cavaliers superstar LeBron James also took exception to the 'super team' moniker. After the Game 5 loss in the 2017 NBA Finals, they stated that they were never a part of a super team.
"I don't believe I've played for a super team," James said. "I don't believe in that. I don't believe we're a super team here."
Golden State is 207-39 in the last three years during the regular season. In their lone season with the team, Durant said it's the selflessness that stands out to him. They contributed that, not just the talent, as to why the Warriors are so successful.
"We make each other better and it's not about who gets the credit," Durant said. "It's like, really just about having fun playing ball and let's see how we can win together and that alone just helps the ego. So, sorry I went on a little rant, but that's how I feel about the team. A lot of these guys beat the odds and came out and played a great brand of basketball and put the team first. That should be rewarded, and it did get rewarded with a championship."
Getty Image
When PETA sent their open letter — complete with vegan gift basket — to Drake after finding out he's stopped eating meat via their recent Fortnite live stream, it seems they may have overlooked or ignored some details about their partnership with Canada Goose that undermine their arguments.
Canada Goose's website has already addressed many of the claims PETA makes in their open letter (the full contents of which can be found here). Where PETA posits that Canada Goose uses unethical and inhumane methods in their coat production, Canada Goose already had an explainer on their website that explains the outerwear brand's fur and down policy.
“We understand and respect that some people think animal products should never be used in any consumer products, however, we do not share that view,” the website states. “We are committed to providing full transparency about how we make our products, including the ethical sourcing and responsible use of animal products.”
Among the sourcing claims that Canada Goose maintains in their policy, the company does not “condone any willful mistreatment and neglect of animals or acts that maliciously cause undue pain, injury or suffering,” and uses down that is a by-product of the poultry industry. The policy also points out that coyotes are a pest in many parts of North America, often attacking or killing livestock, pets, and even people.
Given PETA's penchant for outlandish stunts and inaccurate accusations of impropriety, it may be hard to take their pronouncements at face value. However, while there's always a chance that companies like Canada Goose aren't as forthright as they appear to be, as always, it's up to the consumer — and brand partners like Drake — to do the research and make the final decision.
In the search for answers to a series of explosions in Texas, authorities have come ahead with a simple plea to whoever's behind the blasts: Talk to us.
The Austin police chief's direct appeal, complete with promises to listen to the bomber and try to understand the reasons, reflects the stubborn progress of the investigation in which there's no known motivation and the ties between the victims are opaque at best. It may also represent a ploy to coax a response that could give clues or help police prepare for what might come next.
"It puts law enforcement and police in a down power dynamic and instills power on the person," said Randall Rogan, a Wake Forest University professor who is an expert on forensic linguistic analysis and worked with the FBI on the Unabomber case. "It gives (perpetrators) a sense of satisfaction, of pride, of accomplishment, that they are in charge."
An explosion on Sunday night was the fourth in Austin this month, and represented a stepped-up level of sophistication in the attack. Unlike the previous bombings, which involved packages left on doorsteps, the latest one was placed near a hiking trail and had a thin translucent tripwire like fishing line. Two people have died in the explosions and four others have been injured.
Hundreds of officers from multiple law enforcement agencies are on the case.
Rogan said as time passes, it's likely the person or people behind the explosions will seek more than just the thrill of the crimes themselves and will desire more recognition, something that could drive them to make contact with police or release some sort of communiqu? or manifesto. They said the new complexity of the fourth bombing might suggest it was a test for something even bigger.
"This is an increase and expansion of sophistication and most likely a trial run for something to come in the future," Rogan said.
Robert Taylor, a former police detective who is now a criminologist at the University of Texas at Dallas, said eventually there will be a break in the case, but how long it will take remains to be seen.
"Something will come up somewhere. It will be a fingerprint on an envelope or DNA from saliva or a unique kind of detonator, or someone will just blab in a bar," they said.
For now, though, the police chief's plea suggests they haven't reached that point.
"It's a sign there's probably not a lot of physical evidence in this kind of crimes that lead and point to a specific person," Taylor said.
Every tiny piece of the bombs' remnants, though, holds the potential to unlock the mystery.
Mary Ellen O'Toole, a retired FBI agent and profiler who worked on numerous bombing cases, including the Unabomber, and now heads the forensic science program at George Mason University, said because bombs require so many components, they increase the chance that whoever built it could leave a trace of themselves behind.
"They're looking to see if they can determine a signature for the bomber," they said of investigators.
Scouring the areas where the bombs went off could uncover something — a hair, a skin fragment, a part of a fingerprint — that might lead to the perpetrator. Police will analyze every part of the devices they can recover to see what clues come from wires, tape, the skill and neatness in which they were constructed, and any other detail that might help decode who the bomber is.
"Even the way they bend or roll the wire," said Michael Bussell, a former Army ordnance disposal technician who now teaches classes on the subject for the online American Military University.
The Unabomber case, which launched with its first blast in 1978, provides both reasons to be hopeful and concerned about the Texas explosions.
While the FBI was able to build a correct profile of the bomber as having been raised in Chicago with ties to Salt Lake City and San Francisco, the big break in the case didn't come for 17 years, when they sent a 35,000-word manifesto. Even then, Ted Kaczynski was identified as the Unabomber only after their brother came forward to help authorities.
O'Toole said it's impossible to build a nuanced profile of the killer without all the evidence, but that bombers share some characteristics. They are willing to forsake some control in their mayhem since they are leaving a device that might not reach its intended target. They enjoy the risk of it — not just the danger of building a bomb, but also of transporting it to neighborhoods where people live and they could easily be caught. And because the bombings have continued, they likely feel no remorse and are prepared to do it again.
"If this bomber is being motivated, in part, by the sense of power and control that they have holding the city of Austin in a state of fear, and depending on how addictive that feeling is," they said, "that can be a strong contributor to theirs doing it again and not waiting a long period of time."
———
Sedensky can be reached at msedensky@ap.org or https://twitter.com/sedensky
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — Connecticut's chief elections officer says their office will assist efforts to register hurricane-displaced Puerto Ricans to vote in upcoming elections.
Secretary of the State Denise Merrill, a Democrat, said Wednesday their office will work with community groups and lawmakers to identify and sign up eligible voters.
Thousands of Puerto Ricans have relocated to the U.S. mainland since Hurricane Maria devastated the island in September. An estimated 4,000 have come to Connecticut. Advocacy groups have been working in states including Florida to register the new arrivals to vote.
Islanders are U.S. citizens, but are barred from voting for president unless they live on the mainland.
Merrill said registration is important for civic engagement and to give the newcomers a say in public affairs, including the federal government's relief work on the island.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Former Obama administration officials are undertaking a private campaign to encourage people to sign up for coverage next year under the Affordable Care Act.
With the start of open enrollment on Nov. 1, the Trump administration has slashed the Obama health law's ad budget, as well as grants to outside organizations that are supposed to help people sign up. Although Republican attempts to repeal the law have proven futile so far, President Donald Trump hasn't changed their view that the program is a “disaster.”
The former Obama officials said their campaign, set to begin Wednesday, will focus on young adults and try to encourage people to sign up for government-backed private health insurance because of subsidies available to cushion the impact of rising premiums.
The effort is headed by Lori Lodes and Joshua Peck, who directed outreach and sign-up efforts during much of former President Barack Obama's second term. Joining them are Andy Slavitt, who ran federal health insurance programs for Obama, activist-actors Alyssa Milano and Bradley Whitford, social commentator Van Jones and insurance industry veteran Mario Molina.
Lodes said the campaign has a modest budget for now, meaning that targeted internet advertising is probably all it can manage, at least initially.
About 10 million people are signed up for subsidized private insurance plans through HealthCare.gov and state-run insurance markets. That figure is well below projections when the law was passed in 2010. An additional 11 million or so have signed up for Medicaid in states that took advantage of the law's expansion of the program to serve more low-income adults.
Under Trump, the open enrollment period for 2018 has been shortened by about half. It now runs through Dec. 15. That's the last day when people can sign up to get coverage that will be effective on Jan. 1.
Some Democrats say that's another indication that Trump is trying to “sabotage” insurance markets. But health insurers, with a vested interest in enrolling people, say a shorter, focused sign-up season period may actually be more manageable.
Returning customers will be automatically re-enrolled unless they shop around and pick another plan.
Health care consultant Dan Mendelson, president of data-tracker Avalere Health, said in an interview that they expect enrollment will remain relatively stable.
“If you think about it, most of the people who are enrolled need the insurance,” they said. “They are heavily subsidized and they are going to show up because they need insurance for themselves and their families. I think there will be a base stability to enrollment, but I wouldn't be looking for any major expansion.”
Sens. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., and Patty Murray, D-Wash., are trying to negotiate a limited bipartisan deal to stabilize state-level markets for individual health insurance policies. People covered under the health law represent about half of those who purchase individual policies.
___
Online:
Private campaign: https://getamericacovered.org
Copyright AP 2017. All rights reserved.
Transcript for Lady Gaga, who is headlining Coachella, was seen filming their upcoming movie, 'A Star is born'
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
The band Daisy Distraction has new music dedicated to their former singer, Anna Jane. We'll find out more about the message behind their music.
Daisy Distration on Facebook
Israeli media is reporting that police are expected to question Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on a pair of corruption allegations.
A black screen was placed Monday in front of Netanyahu's official residence in apparent anticipation of the police investigators' arrival and to obstruct the view of journalists seeking to film them.
Netanyahu has denied what they call the "baseless" reports that they received gifts from two business people.
Israel's Channel 2 TV has reported that Netanyahu accepted "favors" from business people in Israel and abroad. It said Netanyahu was the central suspect in a second investigation that also involves family members. It said a criminal probe is expected next week.
An opposition lawmaker is also campaigning for Netanyahu to be investigated over suspicions that donors improperly transferred money for their personal use.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on efforts in Congress to reach a deal on a $1.3 trillion spending bill (all times local):
1:55 p.m.
Congressional Democrats have rejected a White House bid to extend protections for so-called Dreamer immigrants in exchange for $25 billion in funding for President Donald Trump's long-sought U.S.-Mexico border wall.
The development came as talks continued on a massive $1.3 trillion catchall spending bill.
Aides said efforts to use the measure as a vehicle to extend protections for young immigrants under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival, or DACA, appeared likely to fail.
Trump killed the Obama-era program in September, but a court decision has essentially left it in place, for now.
The White House Sunday proposed a 30-month extension of DACA protections in exchange for $25 billion for Trump's border wall — but Democrats demanded protections for a broader pool of immigrants.
The aides required anonymity because they weren't authorized to speak publicly about the ongoing talks.
__
12:51 a.m.
Congressional leaders and the White House are pressing to strike an accord on a $1.3 trillion catchall spending bill.
Standing in the way are disputes over immigration, abortion and a massive New York-New Jersey rail project that pits President Donald Trump against their most powerful Democratic adversary, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer.
An agreement by Monday would pave the way for a House vote on Wednesday. Action is needed by midnight Friday to avert another government shutdown.
The measure carries political and policy victories for both sides. Republicans and Trump are winning a long-sought budget increase for the Pentagon while Democrats obtain funding for infrastructure, the opioid crisis and a wide swath of domestic programs.
Coupled with last year's tax cut measure, it heralds the return of trillion-dollar budget deficits.
Asian stocks were mixed Tuesday as tensions over the situation on the Korean Peninsula softened somewhat following U.S. Vice President Mike Pence's departure from South Korea for Japan and an expected turn to trade issues. A strong post-Easter finish on Wall Street provided upward momentum.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index added 0.2 percent to 18,397.04 while South Korea's Kospi reversed early losses to edge up 0.1 percent to 2,148.09. Hong Kong's Hang Seng shed 0.9 percent to 24,039.45 and the Shanghai Composite Index edged less than 0.1 percent lower to 3,219.87. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 fell 1 percent to 5,834.10. Shares in Taiwan and Southeast Asia were higher.
NORTH KOREA: Pyongyang's focus on developing missiles and nuclear weapons, including its latest failed missile launch, remain on investors' minds though concerns are starting to ease. North Korea's deputy U.N. ambassador, Kim In Ryong, accused the U.S. of creating "a dangerous situation" for a nuclear war and said that the North is ready to react if the U.S. "dares opt for a military action." The comments followed Pence's warning that U.S. "strategic patience" is over. But Pence's arrival in Tokyo on Tuesday shifts their attention from geopolitics to economic issues.
MARKET INSIGHT: "It seems the focus is now firmly on future missile tests from North Korea and whether any future tests will actually be successful," said Chris Weston, chief market strategist at IG in Melbourne. "From here, it would all be down to Mr. Trump and their allies and what their reaction would be, but we can believe that markets will not take kindly to this," Weston said, adding that the best hope now is for negotiations that could potentially include China.
DELAYED REACTION: Hong Kong and Australian markets were getting their first chance to react to China's latest economic growth data released on Monday, when they were closed for the Easter holiday. The latest figures showed an uptick in growth for the world's No. 2 economy, paradoxically displeasing investors who predict it means less chance of financial stimulus. Australian shares were also dragged down by weakening prices for iron ore and other commodities.
WALL STREET: Major U.S. benchmarks ended higher. The Standard & Poor's 500 index climbed 0.9 percent to close at 2,349.01. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.9 percent to 20,636.92. The Nasdaq composite jumped 0.9 percent to 5,856.79.
ENERGY: Oil prices stabilized. Benchmark U.S. crude futures added 1 cent to $52.66 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract lost 53 cents, or 1 percent, to settle at $52.65 a barrel on Monday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 4 cents to $55.40 per barrel in London.
CURRENCIES: The dollar strengthened to 109.09 yen from 108.90 yen in late trading Monday. The euro was steady at $1.0643.
The world doesn't need another conference. There are enough summits and meetups and festivals to last a few lifetimes. And we certainly don't need another event telling you that you aren't doing enough.
What there may be room for, what we just might need, is not another busy extravaganza with every minute of the schedule packed to the max, but rather, a place to breathe. A place to be. An experience that leaves you changed.
We don't need another event with too many people to meet and soon forget. We don't need more information, another swag bag full of junk and business cards you have no intention of keeping.
But when I look around, I see a gap. I see an opportunity.
As a writer, two types of conference catch my eye:
Your typical writers' conference, during which you usually get all kinds of great writing and storytelling advice, and maybe a chance to meet an agent or a publisher. By and large, these events are not up to date on the latest technology or trends in self-publishing, social media, and all the other ways working writers make a living today. The social media and blogging conferences, which focus more on tactics to build an audience and make money, but aren't necessarily helpful when it comes to finding your voice and honing your craft.
What many writers are looking for — what I'm looking for — is something in between those two extremes. Or perhaps, both. But when I started looking for such an event, I couldn't find it. So I created Tribe Conference.
The lesson here is simple: when you can't find the thing you need, go create it.
What the Tribe Conference is and how it's different
Tribe Conference is a gathering of writers, creatives, and artists who want to find the audiences their messages deserve without compromising their craft.
If you find yourself worn out by yet another blogging conference telling you about the latest social network or another speaker encouraging you to “just keep writing,” and you want more than simple tactics or empty inspiration, then Tribe Conference is for you.
“ When you can't find the thing you need, go create it.
Tweet this Tweet
This is a curriculum-based conference. We follow a set of proven steps (based on my popular online courses for writers and bloggers) that will help you find the audience your writing deserves. Which is the foundation of building a platform that can allow you to write and create full-time.
Here's how it works. Each session lasts a few hours and includes at least 2–3 speakers per session. I, Jeff, act as the emcee and resident sherpa to help guide you through each session and connect the various teachings from the featured speakers.
Session 1: Honing Your Voice
In this session, we'll talk about what it means to be a writer and communicator and why how you say it matters just as much as what you say.
Session 2: Establishing Your Platform
During this session, we explore what it means to build a platform that gets you noticed today. This is where we cover the nitty gritty of websites, podcasts, and more. You will receive both strategic and tactical advice on what to do to begin building or improving the platform you have.
Session 3: Expanding Your Reach
After laying a solid foundation, we look at the tools and techniques you need to increase your influence. These include email marketing, social media, networking, and more. In this session, you'll learn what it takes to grow your platform and find your tribe.
Session 4: Going Pro
Finally, we will challenge you to take your tribe to the next level and make a living off serving your audience. Here, we talk about publishing and other means of getting paid for your work.
The speakers
Who are the speakers, and how do they fit into a curriculum-based conference?
Well, first of all, the speakers are my friends. Every person who steps up on that stage is someone I know and trust. And because of that, you, too, can trust them.
We follow the same four-step process each year, but the event is always changing. The reason for this is each guest speaker brings a different perspective and area of expertise with them. So the proven process is the same, but the way it is taught is always changing.
This is the best of both worlds. You get a practical process that gets you real results, all while seeing a dynamic set of professional speakers doing their best work right before you.
Who exactly are these people?
They're best-selling authors and activists. They're full-time novelists and professional finance bloggers. Most of all, they are people who have found their voice, established a platform, expanded their reach, and gone pro. In other words, they're worth listening to.
Here's a taste of who they are and what some of them will share:
Dan Miller is going to share how a small investment over 50 years ago has led to a lifetime of lucrative writing and other creative projects — and how you should always be investing in your growth.
Tsh Oxenreider is going to share their journey of becoming a popular blogger and how they keep thinking simple so they can focus on them art.
Pamela Slim is going to talk about how to generously create and nurture communities.
Marsha Shandur is going to coach us on how to not be awkward, introverted creatives and instead engage with people in a way that allows our work to spread.
Jonathan Fields is going to wow us with insights in psychology, neuroscience, and creativity (and probably some other cool stuff because they are really smart).
Benjamin Hardy is going to share their journey of getting 100,000 readers in a year and using that to recently acquire a multi-six-figure book deal.
Crystal Paine is going to talk about why making money isn't a bad thing.
Jon Acuff will encourage us all to finish in the projects we start.
Ishita Gupta is going to talk about resilience in the creative journey.
Shaunta Grimes will share their journey of going from broke author to full-time writing, making over $100,000 a year.
Sean Wes is going to talk about finding your voice and the importance of daily practice.
Leo Babauta will share from their wealth of experience, being one of the top bloggers in the world.
Natalie Brenner will share lessons learned in real time about self-publishing their first book.
Ryan Holiday is going to talk about what it takes to become a perennial bestseller.
Jackie Bledsoe will share their journey of going from struggling freelance writer to successful published author.
We also have a couple of guest speaker panels, which we'll be sharing more about soon. And so much more. (Last year, there were musical guests and surprise gourmet donuts, among other things. You just never know.)
What you get when you come
When you sign up for the Tribe Conference, you can choose one of two options:
Standard ticket
This ticket gets you all three days of the conference, including every main stage session and some refreshments during the event (plus other random surprises we throw in), and all the videos from Tribe Conference 2016.
During this year's event you will learn how to:
Clarify your message
Demystify the art of building an online platform
Find your 1000 true fans
Get paid and published for your message
BONUS: Onsite coaches will be offering free one-on-one sessions.
Premium ticket
When you choose to upgrade to the premium ticket, it includes all of the above, plus:
An exclusive dinner with the speakers
A VIP lounge with snacks, refreshments, and other surprises
Daily breakout sessions with speakers and staff
BONUS: Private two-hour workshop with me (Jeff) where I'll help you apply what you've learned in a small group setting with 1×1 help.
Once you've decided which ticket is best for you, all that's left to do is show up ready to learn.
Every dollar we make goes directly toward making this the best conference you've ever attended. We want to make this an unforgettable, life-changing experience.
Everything we do at Tribe Conference is about people — it's about helping you connect with the tribe you need to go pro and to create a space where community can happen right now.
We believe that every story of success is a story of community. And we'd love to be that community for you.
Will you join our tribe and let us help you find yours?
Refuting common harmful myths about trans and gender-nonconforming people. Donate to order this gift now!
A critical analysis of Trumpism in the context of longer-term trends. Donate to order this gift now!
Sixteen-year-old Murad Rahimov peered down into a gigantic space they had only dreamed about before: the world's largest clean room, kept scrupulously free of any dust or contamination, where NASA assembles and tests spacecraft before launch.
Murad's eyes gleamed and a smile played on their face as they took it all in — the scientists encased in sterile white suits; the replica of the massive new space telescope, the most powerful ever built, that will study the first galaxies born after the Big Bang.
Murad is obsessed with space. They have been ever since they were three, back in their home country Uzbekistan. Their young imagination was sparked when their aunt gave them a picture book about space, and they couldn't stop looking at the images of the solar system. Soon after, they told their parents their dream: They wanted to become an astronaut and work for NASA.
On this recent day, they were getting a private tour of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md., thanks to an NPR listener who heard about Murad's passion for space in a story that aired earlier this year. In January, NPR profiled the Rahimov family on the day they became naturalized as U.S. citizens. The Rahimovs immigrated to the U.S. from Uzbekistan in 2010, when Murad was nine. When they first landed in Kansas City, Murad spoke no English. Now, heading into their junior year of high school, he's on an accelerated track, taking extra classes in the summer and packing their schedule with AP courses.
Listener Aaron Schnittman heard that story on the radio, and their ears perked up when they heard that Murad's goal is to work for NASA. They emailed NPR that same day, that their brother is a research astronomer working for NASA at Goddard. "I think it would be a cool follow up to connect the son to my brother and help them make the connections needed to pursue studies in astronomy," they wrote.
Cool, indeed. The connection was made, emails were exchanged, and last week, at the invitation of Jeremy Schnittman, Murad and their mother, Limara Rahimova, made the trip to Goddard outside Washington, D.C. Schnittman, an astrophysicist who specializes in black holes, spent several hours showing the Rahimovs the inner workings of the space flight center and sharing their enthusiasm for space science.
Murad was clearly in their element, sporting a t-shirt with a picture of the Millennium Falcon spaceship from Star Wars, and a line from the movie: "the fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy."
They and their mother got to see the giant cryo-vac chamber where spacecraft are tested to find out if they'll withstand the extreme temperatures of space. They walked inside the acoustic chamber that blasts spacecraft with earsplitting sound to simulate the vibration of launch. They toured the laser lab where scientists are fine-tuning measurements to detect gravitational waves. "Amazing," Murad marveled.
Back in their office, ("black hole central," as they call it) Schnittman talked with Murad about their research into how light gets bent around black holes. Naturally, they both share a hero in Albert Einstein, whose photo Schnittman keeps pinned above their desk. "It's remarkable," Schnittman said. "It's over 100 years since Einstein did all of this stuff, and still, everything is Einstein. Einstein, Einstein, Einstein."
When Murad mused about the possibilities of time travel, Schnittman sounded optimistic. "It's really not that much of a stretch to say that we're one step closer to time travel," they told Murad. "This is something that Einstein predicted 100 years ago. According to the theory, the equations, time travel should be possible. The trick is just building it and getting it to work, but as far as we can tell, there's no rule against it."
The astrophysicist and the would-be astronaut parted ways with the promise to stay in touch.
Later Murad said they love science because it shows "the sheer awesomeness, the sheer scale of how insignificant and alone we are in the universe. All these petty fights that people have between themselves, they are just insignificant. When you start thinking about space, you get lost in the vastness of it. That's what captivates me the most."
Now that he's a U.S. citizen, they believe their dream of becoming an astronaut is more within reach. They and their brother automatically became citizens when their parents did. Murad was at school the day they took the oath: "I came home and looked at my parents, and felt all this pride," they said. "You could sense that something has changed. They were smiling from ear to ear."
For their mother, Limara, becoming a U.S. citizen has grounded them in a new way. "I felt before like I'm between countries," they said. "But now I feel like I'm staying ...both my feet here in this land."
Limara works at a school, and each morning they all stand for the pledge of allegiance. Before, they said, "it didn't touch me. But now, yes! And I know what each word in the pledge of allegiance means. And it means, for me, a lot."
As for Murad? The rising high school junior has their sights set on going to Cal Tech, and on the Mars mission they dream of one day leading. "Some people, they tell me to try to get a real job," they said, "of maybe not shooting so high. But nah. I'm shooting for it. I'm gonna chase my dreams."
Meantime, there's a celestial show about to happen, one he's been excited about for years: the total solar eclipse.
Murad's hometown, Kansas City, is a perfect spot to see it: right in the path of totality.
Next Monday they will be outside, watching in awe as the moon slides over the sun, and dreaming big dreams of space.
Montenegrin lawmakers have voted to lift the immunity of two senior opposition politicians allegedly involved in a pro-Russian plot to overthrow the government over its NATO bid.
The move paves the way for the detention of Andrija Mandic and Milan Knezevic, key opposition leaders suspected in the Oct. 16 coup attempt that included plans to kill a then-prime minister and take over power.
Several hundred opposition supporters protested outside the parliament building on Wednesday as lawmakers from the ruling coalition unanimously approved the motion.
Montenegro's special prosecutor said the two are suspected of criminal conspiracy and inciting "acts against constitutional order and security of Montenegro."
Some 20 people — including two Russian citizens — have been accused in the foiled coup said to be orchestrated by Russian and Serbian nationalists.
Welland Civic Square could see an upgrade if council approves the development of a concept plan for changing the public area in front.
A report from city staff says the civic square has the potential to be a landmark in the downtown core and that downtown revitalization is an important part of the overall health of a community.
It says the space has seen an increasing in interest, with events such as movie nights and community events broadcast on the big screen bringing in local residents.
“In order to continue the growth of these events, and to attract future community gatherings, a revitalization strategy for (the) civic square is necessary,” the report says.
It adds that Niagara Region has contributed, in kind, an architect holding the position of manager of urban design, to work on the project and produce the concept drawings, and renderings for the revitalization of the civic square.
Two men are dead and five others were injured after a large tree branch fell on them during Fourth of July celebration fireworks, officials said.
Residents were gathered on the lawn of the Rock Island, Illinois courthouse Tuesday night to watch the fireworks for the Fourth of July when suddenly a branch from a tree estimated to be more than 100 years old on the courthouse lawn fell, Rock Island County Sheriff Gerry Bustos said.
The branch. measured to be more than 8 feet wide at its base and 45 feet long, fell about 25 feet to the ground, striking the spectators below, Bustos said.
KTRK
Daniel Mendoza Sr., 61, died at the scene and Lawrence Anderson, 72, was rushed to Unity Point Hospital where they were later pronounced deceased, the sheriff said.
Five other people were injured, one of them a pregnant woman, Bustos said. They were near full term at the time of the accident and was taken to Unity Point Hospital where they gave birth, according to the sheriff. Both mother and child are reported to be in good health, they said.
KTRK
The other four people injured were treated for cuts, bruises and suspected concussions and have since been released from the hospital, the sheriff said.
Authorities are still investigating why the branch fell.
"The tree, although old, was in good health as best you could tell from looking at it," Bustos said.
Jaelene Hinkle revealed they decided not to play for the U.S. women's national team last year because their Christian faith prevented them from wearing a jersey that commemorated LGBTQ Pride Month.
Hinkle revealed the reason for their decision last June in an interview posted Wednesday on The 700 Club website. No formal reason for their absence was given by the national team at the time.
"I just felt so convicted in my spirit that it wasn't my job to wear this jersey," they said.
Hinkle has not been called up to the national team since.
A defender, Hinkle plays for the North Carolina Courage of the National Women's Soccer League. The Courage visited the Portland Thorns on Thursday night, and there were boos heard when they were announced in the starting lineup.
Hinkle did not comment after the match.
The Courage, who rank atop the NWSL standings, beat the Thorns 4-1.
Trevor Noah returned from an eventful trip to Spain for a new slate of episodes for The Daily Show this week and they had plenty to catch up on. They had some time to cover the White House's weird introduction to the annual Easter egg roll, but the real prize was their coverage of all the impending wars we're about to trip into. People like to say that Donald Trump's Twitter is going to start World War III but the bombs and public statements by the administration might do a better job.
Noah whips out their trusty “button of doom” to run down all of the different locales we're itching to start a fight, featuring a few surprises. We've got our current situations in Iraq and Afghanistan to consider, the president telling the media that North Korea needs to behave during the Easter egg roll, and whatever the deal with Syria is at this point. We're apparently one Ivanka Trump request away from conflict at any moment, at least we are according to Eric Trump and the folks at Infowars.
CHICAGO (AP) — The latest on Tax Day protests around the nation (all times local):
6:45 p.m.
Police in Berkeley, California, say 13 people have been arrested and knives and makeshift weapons confiscated after violence erupted at a park where factions that support and oppose President Donald Trump gathered for Tax Day rallies.
About 200 people were at Berkeley's Martin Luther King Jr. Civic Center Park for separate rallies Saturday when pushing began. Dozens of police officers in riot gear standing nearby quickly arrested one man. Others were taken into custody as fistfights broke out.
Police say demonstrators have left the park but are blocking several streets in the city's center.
Officials say officers have confiscated knives, flagpoles, helmets and sticks with signs on them, things that were being used as weapons.
Photographs of the scene published online show at least two men with bloodied faces.
___
5:10 p.m.
Actress and producer Justine Bateman says Americans need "financial statement proof" that President Donald Trump is not beholden to any business interests or country other than the U.S.
They addressed several thousand people Saturday at a Tax Day rally in downtown Los Angeles to demand that Trump release their tax returns.
Trump was the first major-party nominee in four decades to not release their tax returns, saying it was because they were under audit. They later said that voters don't care.
But Randall Pitre, of San Dimas, California, said the issue is transparency, adding that nobody knows if it's a big deal "because we don't know what he's hiding."
Similar protests are being held in dozens more cities including Washington, D.C., Chicago, New York and Palm Beach, Florida.
__
3:55 p.m.
North Carolina demonstrators say President Donald Trump's refusal to release their income tax returns makes them wonder what they might be hiding.
About 200 people gathered at a downtown Raleigh plaza to protest Trump's decision, as well as their performance in the White House.
Some say Trump's tax returns might show they have paid little or nothing to run the government they now head, or that they were deeply indebted to Russian, Chinese or other foreign interests.
Registered nurse Pam Craig, of Greensboro, North Carolina, says she'd like to ask Trump how much they "contributed to this country."
Trump was the first major-party nominee in four decades to not release their tax returns, saying it was because they were under audit. They later said that voters don't care.
___
2:30 p.m.
Celebrities and lawmakers joined a Tax Day demonstration in New York City, where protesters planned to march to Trump Tower to demand that President Donald Trump release their tax returns.
Comedian Sarah Silverman told The Associated Press that they feel "beholden to be an active citizen."
Ilene Singh said they and their friend, Geraldine Markowitz, took a bus from New Jersey to join the crowd and "say we care" about Trump's taxes.
Trump was the first major-party nominee in four decades to not release their tax returns, saying it was because they were under audit. They later said that voters don't care.
Protesters say Americans deserve to know about Trump's potential conflicts of interest.
Similar protests are being held in dozens more cities including Washington, D.C., Chicago and Mar-a-Lago, Florida.
___
2:05 p.m.
President Donald Trump's motorcade took a circuitous route back to Mar-a-Lago after they spent Saturday morning at their golf course, avoiding Tax Day protesters headed toward their Palm Beach estate.
Several hundred protesters marched across the bridge that divides West Palm Beach and Palm Beach, chanting and hoisting signs that read "Don the Con," ''Go back to New York," ''Show your taxes!" and "Show me the money!"
Organizers say similar Tax Day protests are being held in about 150 cities to demand that Trump release their tax returns.
They were the first major-party nominee in four decades to not release their tax returns, saying it was because they were under audit. They later said that voters don't care.
Protesters say Americans deserve to know about Trump's potential conflicts of interest.
___
1:25 p.m.
One of Trump's sharpest critics in the House says that Democrats and Tax Day protesters "will not be quiet" about their taxes.
Democratic Rep. Maxine Waters, of California, spoke at a rally at the U.S. Capitol on Saturday before protesters began marching toward the National Mall.
Openings
Closures
In this edition, a popular Mediterranean eatery expands, a meatball joint prepares to open in Hayes Valley, a taqueria quietly closes for renovations, and what may be the Castro's most controversial restaurant in decades is finally open.(900 16th St.)Man about town and Hoodline tipster Al M. reports that popular Mission District eatery Truly Mediterranean has opened its second San Francisco outpost in Potrero Hill.Open from 9am to 8pm, Al said the new location offers longer hours than its Mission District counterpart to accommodate customers coming from UCSF's nearby Mission Bay campus.There's plenty of seating in the new space as well, a luxury not afforded at the Mission locale, which only has a few counter seats lining one wall.The new menu is currently not up on the restaurant's website, but if it's anything like its flagship, expect to see hand-made falafel and Mediterranean combo plates with hummus, baba ghanoush and tabbouleh; lamb shawarma with broiled tomatoes, parsley and seasoned onions; and a chicken kebob wrap with cucumbers, onions and tomatoes.(602 Hayes St.)Over in Hayes Valley, Al said The Meatball Bar 's second location is "progressing along with their build and is about 70 percent complete." When they were in the neighborhood, a crew was installing a new awning with signage, along with the last finishing touches.The new space will also include the addition of outdoor seating.The restaurant--which has its FiDi flagship at 126 Sutter St.--is owned by Gianni Chiloiro and Angelo Sannino, proprietors of the South Bay's two Doppio Zero pizzeria locations. The new spot will offer a variety of traditional and fusion-influenced meatball selections.One of the owners on site told Al he'd be sure to reach out with advanced notice, but the business' website indicates a March 28th opening date.On the menu, expect to see variations like an Italian classic, turkey, lamb, vegetarian and more with sauce options like tomato, truffle fondue and Korean-style(fermented red chili paste). There's a variety of sides to pair with the meatballs on offer, too, like risotto, creamy mashed potatoes and spaghetti.Rounding things out are beer and wine, along with kombucha specialty drinks on draught. (You can check out the full menu for the FiDi location here .)(531 Castro St.)In the Castro, Hamburger Mary's has finally opened, according to Hoodline tipster Tom B.On their visit, Tom spoke to a staff member who said, "they're only open at 4pm for now" but eventually plan to open for lunch, and then add brunch offerings once things are up and running. The business' Yelp page , however, indicates the eatery is open daily 11am-2am.As we reported previously, the space was dormant since The Patio Cafe closed in 1999, and neighbors have been anxiously awaiting the return of the drag-themed eatery for several years now.On the menu, look for appetizers like breaded mac 'n' cheese fritters with barbecue dipping sauce, deep-fried pickles and "Nacho Mary Nachos" topped with melted cheese and meat chili.As for burgers, there are variations like the Black & Bleu Boy with bleu cheese crumbles and apple bacon, the Queen Mary with cheddar and jack cheeses and grilled onions, and a Sloppy Mary open-face burger topped with no-bean chili and melted cheese.Rounding things out is a selection of signature cocktails, martinis and beer and wine.Lastly, tipster Al told us that El Capitan Taqueria in SoMa has closed."The windows are covered and renovations have begun," they said. Notices posted to its windows indicate that the restaurant will be back under new management, but it's not clear if it will be under the same name or offer a similar menu.While its Yelp page hasn't indicated a closure, a visit to the restaurant's website revealed that its Squarespace account has expired. A search of public records also do not state any current building permit applications associated with the address at this time.Al added that he'll report back as soon as they learn more about the closure.High-fives all around for tipsters Al M. and Tom B.!If you've seen something new in the neighborhood, text tips and photos to 415-200-3233, or email tips@hoodline.com. If we use your info in a story, we'll give you credit.
06:53 Reported News Briefs Kislev 24, 5778 , 12/12/17 Kislev 24, 5778 , 12/12/17 Rabbi Shteinman undergoing resuscitation efforts Haredi Lithuanian Rabbi Aharon Leib Shteinman is undergoing resuscitation efforts at the Maayanei Hayeshua Hospital in Bnei Brak. Rabbi Shteinman, 104, was hospitalized two weeks ago after feeling feverish and weak. ► ◄ Last Briefs
A Bay Area beach is set to be the scene for a right wing demonstration this weekend.Just days after the deadly violence in Charlottesville, VA, San Francisco is preparing for a possible clash at Crissy Field between right-wing protesters, and counterprotesters.Police and protesters clashed in Seattle Sunday. It happened during a right-wing rally organized by a pro-Donald Trump group called Patriot Prayer."There were 1,000 protesters so close to the stage -- ready to riot," said Patriot Prayer founder Joey Gibson.Gibson told ABC7 News from Vancouver, Washington that they are planning a similar rally on Aug. 27 at Crissy Field. "Talk about bringing this country together," they said.He said they want the rally to be peaceful but predicts counter-protesters could change that."People need to be careful," Gibson told ABC7 News. "If they say things out of ignorance, they are stoking the flames increasing the chance of violence."Counterprotests are being planned. We found this post on Facebook:This page calls Patriot Prayer Nazi thugs.Gibson denounced the violence in Virginia and denies their group is about hate. "Let's say we are a hate group. You can't shut us down because of that."Some say Crissy Field is the wrong place for the rally."Instead of being open and discussing this in a safe forum -- they choose a forum that's violent and confrontational," said San Francisco resident Peter Szymanski.Representatives from the Golden Gate Recreation Area would not go on camera but said Patriot Prayer applied for a first amendment permit for the event.Others say free speech can't be denied. "We do need space for all stripes to be able to have their opinions," said tourist Susan Friesen.
Getty Image
Donovan Mitchell burst onto the scene this year as not just one of the NBA's best rookies, but as a bonafide star in the league. He's cemented that status with their performance thus far in the playoffs, averaging 27.5 points, 8.5 rebounds, and 2.8 assists per game through the first four games of Utah's first round series against the Thunder.
Mitchell's performance in Game 4 was nothing short of spectacular as they put up 33 points as the Jazz thumped the Thunder to take a commanding 3-1 series lead back to Oklahoma City. The rookie guard appears to not feel the nerves of the big stage, but in actuality he's just able to handle the stress better than most.
While Mitchell is now a household name for NBA fans thanks to their play for the Jazz down the stretch of the regular season and in the postseason, the casual fan's introduction to Mitchell may have been at this year's NBA Dunk Contest. Mitchell brought out all the stops en route to a dunk contest win as a rookie, taking advantage of the spotlight on the stage that is NBA All-Star Saturday Night.
All season, Mitchell has been followed by cameras as Young Hollywood has produced a “Rookie on the Rise” series on Mitchell's first year in the league. Young Hollywood provided Dime with an exclusive look at the 10th episode in the series as Mitchell takes viewers behind the scenes for their Dunk Contest prep, how nervous they are, and why it meant so much to him.
BROWNSVILLE, Texas (AP) — A Mexican man living in the U.S. illegally has pleaded guilty to helping other immigrants be smuggled by American soldiers through a border checkpoint in Texas.
Federal prosecutors say 51-year-old Victoriano Zamora-Jasso pleaded guilty Monday to conspiracy to transport and harbor undocumented immigrants and illegal re-entry after deportation.
The 2014 smuggling case involved four soldiers at Fort Hood, a sprawling Army post in Central Texas. Investigators say the soldiers showed Army identification and hid immigrants under military gear while driving through the Sarita (suh-REE'-tuh) checkpoint.
The soldiers were convicted. Their sentences ranged from probation to 20 months in prison.
Prosecutors say Zamora-Jasso was deported in 2013 and lived in Houston after slipping back into Texas. They were indicted in 2016. They face up to 10 years in prison when sentenced.
The Coalition, Labor and the Nick Xenophon Team have voted for a bill that will implement the government's Telecommunications Sector Security Reforms (TSSR).
The Senate today passed the Telecommunications and Other Legislation Amendment Bill 2016, which implements the TSSR scheme.
The legislation creates formal obligations for telecommunications carriers to protect their networks and to inform the government of any planned changes that could potentially affect the security of their infrastructure.
It also grants the government wide-ranging powers to issue directions to telcos “to do, or to refrain from doing, a specified act or thing within the period specified in the direction”.
The government earlier this month announced it had accepted the recommendations of a bipartisan report on the bill by the Parliamentary Joint Committee on Intelligence and Security (PJCIS).
Those recommendations include the release of additional guidelines for industry as well as a range of changes to clarify the functioning of the TSSR regime.
The legislation was opposed by the Greens and Liberal Democrat Senator David Leyonhjelm.
“This bill has been the subject of extensive consideration by the Parliamentary Joint Committee on Intelligence and Security,” Attorney-General Senator George Brandis said today during debate on the bill.
“The PJCIS has recommended a number of amendments which the government has agreed to and I want to thank the opposition both for its support for the bill and its contribution to the deliberative process through the PJCIS.”
The bill is the ninth tranche of significant national security legislation introduced by the Coalition government in the last three years, they said.
“The bill is a critically important piece of national security legislation because telecommunications networks form part of Australia's critical infrastructure and also support other critical sectors such as health, finance, transport , water and power,” the attorney-general said.
“Cyber threats to Australia are persistent, whether they arise from sabotage, espionage, serious and organised crime, or other technology-enabled crime.”
Brandis said that the existing framework for managing those risks in the telco sector is “inadequate”. “It relies on voluntary cooperation and goodwill, which is not always sufficient given the nature of the risks to national security and the gravity of those risks,” the attorney-general said.
In a joint submission to the PJCIS's inquiry, the Australian Industry Group, the Australian Information Industry Association, the Australian Mobile Telecommunications Association, and Communications Alliance said that the legislation was “onerous in terms of regulatory overhead and compliance risk”.
The TSSR regime is “excessive” in its focus on the risks associated with the introduction of new equipment or services, the association argued.
Instead of strengthening security, the legislation “may in fact divert scarce resources away from investing directly in addressing cybersecurity threats, to compliance overhead arising from the regime,” the submission stated. The bill is yet to be debated in the House of Representatives.
Israel Police on Monday will petition the courts to allow autopsies on the four daughters who were killed in Sunday's fire.
The father, who is religious, has refused to allow the authorities to perform autopsies after the suspicion of a murder-suicide was raised. Autopsies are not the norm in religious circles as they raise serious halakhic questions concerning respect for the human body. A rabbi is normally consulted in cases where authorities deem it necessary to perform one and the people involved are observant Jews.
When firefighters arrived at the scene on Sunday, they found four young girls ranging in age from 11 months to 11 years in a locked, burning room. Since the fire had been contained in a single room, it had not spread to the rest of the house.
The 36-year-old mother had hanged themselves on the balcony, and the father was not home at the time.
Getty Image
Throughout this weekend's violence in Charlottesville, the Daily Stormer website — a haven for those who embrace Nazi/white supremacist beliefs — celebrated by publishing the above photo of their idol, Richard Spencer (who was arrested in grand fashion on Saturday). And although plenty of rally attendees have faced public shaming for their tiki-torch participation, the Daily Stormer celebrated their unique visitors, which were elevated as one would expect. The site even boasted about how President Trump did not condemn them in their now-infamous “many sides” speech, but their good times may have hit a logistical stumbling block.
GoDaddy, which has received plenty of criticism over the past several months for hosting the Daily Stormer, has now taken action: “We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service.”
We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service. — GoDaddy (@GoDaddy) August 14, 2017
The offending material surfaced when the Daily Stormer published a story about Heather Hayer, the 32-year-old woman who was allegedly murdered by James Fields Jr. (who has since been charged with second-degree murder) when they drove a car into a crowd of counterprotesters. As detailed by The Washington Post, Daily Stormer founder Andrew Anglin disparaged Hayer:
In the Daily Stormer post, Angelin characterized Heyer as dying in a “road rage incident.” They said they were a “drain on society” and disparaged their appearance. “Most people are glad they are dead,” they wrote.
In response to this post, Twitter user Amy Siskand asked GoDaddy to take action after Daily Stormer fans began to threaten them with violence as well.
.@GoDaddy I request you remove The Daily Stormer right away for violating your policy on threatening violence, which is happening now to me. — Amy Siskind (@Amy_Siskind) August 14, 2017
And in an odd twist — following GoDaddy's decision — the Daily Stormer appears to have been hacked by Anonymous (as this screencap suggests). However, this may all be a publicity stunt by those who run the site.
Daily Stormer
The question now remains … will any domain provider step up to host the site? And will Jason Kessler and their band of merry white supremacists rally in Boston next weekend as suggested? We should find out soon.
(Via GoDaddy & Washington Post)
McLEAN, Va. (AP) — Edward Kovari's 18-day ordeal began Sept. 12, 2016, when some guys in a van showed up to take them from a jail in Virginia to Texas, where they were wanted on charges that they had stolen a car.
As it turned out, the car was not stolen and all the charges against Kovari were later dismissed. But the trip from Winchester, Virginia, to Houston took the better part of a month. The private company that contracted with the jail to transport Kovari kept them shackled in the back of that van during the weekslong ride as it wound through the country picking up inmates in an effort at cost efficiency.
On Tuesday, Kovari, 39, sued the private company that transferred him, Nashville-based Prisoner Transportation Services, in federal court in Harrisonburg, Virginia. The company bills itself as the nation's largest prisoner extradition company. It did not respond Tuesday to messages seeking comment.
The lawsuit, filed by civil rights lawyers Jia Cobb, Glenn Schlactus and Orly May, alleges Prisoner Transportation Services prioritizes "transporting as many detainees, with as few stops for rest or care, as possible over their obligation to safely transport those in their custody."
In Kovari's case, that meant 18 days, most of which they spent in shackles. On only two or three nights did the van actually stop at a jail where prisoners were allowed to get out and spend the night in a bed.
Kovari was not permitted to take their medication and asked to be taken to the hospital on a daily basis, according to the lawsuit. But the drivers responded that that any stop at the hospital would require all the other inmates to wait in the van for as long as Kovari was hospitalized. As a result, according to the suit, the other inmates threatened Kovari if they insisted on a hospital stop.
When Kovari finally made it to the Harris County Jail, their systolic blood pressure — the so-called top number — exceeded 200 and they were admitted to the jail infirmary, where their condition did not stabilize for two days.
Inside the van, no provisions were made for restroom stops, and inmates urinated into bottles which spilled and sloshed on the floor of the van. In one case, a prisoner defecated on the van floor, and in another instance, a prisoner vomited. The lawsuit alleges that nothing was done to clean the mess. "He spent the duration of the transport sitting in human waste and filth," the lawyers wrote.
The van was poorly ventilated with no functioning air conditioning, according to the lawsuit. At one point, according to the suit, the van pulled over on the highway after a flat tire and inmates were left in the back of the van. When police responded to the breakdown, one officer threatened the guards with arrest if they did not let the inmates out for fresh air and an opportunity to relieve themselves.
The van was so crowded — at time with up to 15 passengers — that inmates including Kovari took turns lying on the floor with other inmate's feet on top for the opportunity to sleep.
Kovari's lawyers declined to make them available for an interview.
Alex Friedmann, managing editor of Prison Legal News, a publication focusing on prisoner rights and geared toward inmates, said stories like Kovari's are not uncommon. They said the private prisoner transport industry has been plagued with problems for more than a dozen years, with little effort toward reform. The only federal law governing the issue is designed to protect the public from inmate escapes as opposed to securing inmate safety.
"Dropping people off in a timely manner is not the priority," they said.
The inmates who are most often subjected to these transports are, like Kovari, pretrial detainees who are presumed innocent, Friedmann said.
PYONGYANG, North Korea (AP) — The alleged murder of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's estranged half-brother could be the best cloak-and-dagger thriller North Koreans will never get to hear. And if they did, they'd likely need some plot explainers — few know Kim Jong-un even had a half-brother.
While no country in the world has a cult of personality surrounding its leaders as intensive as North Korea's, the narrative is carefully groomed and highly selective, leaving even some of the most basic details unknown to the general public. Predictably enough, the existence of an elder half-brother — and particularly a somewhat rebellious, free-wheeling one — has never been part of the North's official leader narrative.
It is simpler to keep the line of succession and power as clear and direct as possible. For the most part, that means grandfather, father and son.
Ironically, or perhaps not, the swirling reports of the hit on half-brother Kim Jong Nam at a Malaysian airport come as the nation is gearing up for one of the biggest leader-reverence events of the year.
It's called the "Day of the Shining Star," the birth anniversary of the late leader Kim Jong Il, who was Kim Jong-un and Kim Jong Nam's father, though they had a different mother.
The only holiday that is more important is the "Day of the Sun," which marks the birthday of Kim Jong-un's grandfather, North Korea's founder and "eternal president" Kim Il Sung.
The barrage of Kim adulation in North Korea is constant. There are even flower festivals held each year that feature begonias and orchids named "Kimilsungia" and "Kimjongilia." On Wednesday, with no mention whatsoever of Kim Jong Nam's death in Malaysia in the state media, figure skating and synchronized swimming exhibitions were being held in the capital to mark the day.
Beyond their frequent "on the spot guidance" trips and attendance at official events, details of the actual lives of North Korea's leaders are generally scant. Other members of the Kim family tree are rarely if ever mentioned.
Kim Jong-un's younger sister, Kim Yo Jong, is a powerful member of the ruling elite, but that would also come as a surprise to many people here. Them name does appear from time to time on official guest lists or party positions, but without further elaboration. Their other half-brother, Kim Jong Chul, and older half-sister, Kim Sul Song, are believed to be party members in good standing.
Kim Jong Nam had long been much more problematic.
Before Kim Jong-un emerged as the clear heir to their father, Kim Jong Nam had been seen by some outside observers as the country's likely next generation leader.
Others thought they were not in line, but anyways they are believed to have fallen out of favor after they were caught at a Japanese airport in 2001 trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland. They had lived outside of the North for years and has a son who studied in France, though little solid facts are available.
They had, however, made some sporadic comments in public suggesting that the North needed to reform in order to survive and questioning its hereditary rule, but also indicating they had no desire to switch places with their younger half-brother.
If they were killed, the motive is as yet just another of many, many mysteries.
And, of course, Kim Jong-un themselves remains one of them.
Five years into their reign, they are firmly established a daily fixture on the front pages of the state-run newspapers, a constant presence on the television news and the object of tremendous praise on countless billboards and propaganda posters across the country. In something of a break with past practice, their wife has been often seen with them in public — though less so recently.
But to outsiders, it can be surprising how narrow the official narrative is.
Purges, not surprisingly, aren't normally reported, though the brief trial and execution of Kim Jong-un's powerful uncle was prominently broadcast and signaled to many experts Kim Jong-un's effort to solidify their powerbase. On a more mundane level, it has never been confirmed if Kim Jong-un has children (he is believed to have at least one daughter), what their age is (probably 32 or 33) or many other basic biographical details.
When asked about the gaps, officials regularly explain that it is because the still young Kim is too humble to want such attention for himself.
___
Talmadge has been the AP's Pyongyang bureau chief since 2013.
TOP STORY:
SOC--LIVERPOOL-ROMA
LIVERPOOL, England — Liverpool and Roma started the Champions League as outsiders. Now they meet in the semifinals, with the first leg at Anfield. By Steve Douglas. UPCOMING: 600 words by 2100, GMT.
NEW/DEVELOPING:
OLY--TOKYO 2020-INSPECTORS
TOKYO — The head of an IOC inspection team urged organizers of the 2020 Tokyo Olympics to be more direct answering questions about progress and planning on Tuesday. The advice from John Coates, which followed a two-day inspection tour, came a week after several sports federations openly criticized Tokyo's preparations. The games are just over two years away. By Stephen Wade. SENT: 550 words, photos.
TEN--BARCELONA OPEN
BARCELONA, Spain — David Goffin faces Marcel Granollers in the second round of the Barcelona Open. UPCOMING: 200 words by 1900 GMT.
BBO--BABE RUTH-60TH HR BAT
NEW YORK — As part of its collection of Babe Ruth items, the Baseball Hall of Fame says it has the bat the slugger used to hit their then-record 60th home run in 1927. A private collector also claims to own the bat, and he's selling it at auction. PSA/DNA, one of the leading sports memorabilia authenticators, supports their assertion. By Vin A. Cherwoo. SENT: 820 words, photos.
FOOTBALL:
SOC--BAYERN-REAL MADRID-HISTORY
MADRID — They are two of the biggest clubs in the world, both with enough trophies to fill a warehouse. They are Real Madrid and Bayern Munich. On Wednesday, the giants of European soccer will meet yet again in the Champions League semifinals. The first leg is in Munich. By Tales Azzoni. SENT: 610 words, photos.
SOC--SALZBURG'S SUCCESS
VIENNA — Although the desired breakthrough in the Champions League has yet to happen, Salzburg is finally enjoying the European success it has been targeting for more than a decade. The Austrian club is in the semifinals of the Europa League, the only team from outside the top five leagues still in the race for a European cup this season. By Eric Willemsen. SENT: 730 words, photos.
Other Stories:
— BBO--BASEBALL CAPSULES — Skaggs shuts down Astros; Angels win 2-0 after call reversed. SENT: 1,480 words, photos.
— BKN--NBA PLAYOFF CAPSULES — Rockets use 50-point 3rd quarter to blow out Timberwolves. SENT: 320 words, photos.
— HKN--NHL PLAYOFF CAPSULES — Capitals beat Blue Jackets in Game 6 to advance to 2nd round. SENT: 310 words, photos.
YOUR QUERIES: Questions and story requests are welcome. Contact your local AP bureau or the AP International Sports Desk in London by telephone at +44 207 427 4224 or email lonsports@ap.org.
We've seen human workers walk off the job, but four-legged landscapers?It happened in Georgia where officers with the Roswell Police Department said some goats and one donkey were supposed to be clearing a woman's yard on March 16, 2018 before walking off the job.She hired them from a company for a couple of days.Officers were eventually able to get the animals back into the woman's yard to finish the job.The Roswell Police Department shared the video on Facebook saying officers can now add "goat wrangler" to their job description.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & [...]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the [...]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous [...]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, [...]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for [...]
On February 3, Federal District Judge James Robart of Seattle temporarily blocked Executive Order 13769, President Donald Trump's controversial order on refugee admission and travel from Mideast countries.
Judge Robart, appointed by President George W. Bush in 2003, placed a temporary restraining order (TRO) on the executive order until full arguments in the case brought against the Trump administration by Washington State and Minnesota could be heard. (On February 9, a panel of three federal judges in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit unanimously upheld the TRO.)
During their campaign, President Donald Trump was noted for their unabashed and often controversial tweets. As President, they have continued to use Twitter as a tool to speak directly to their supporters and the country at large. In response to Robart's TRO, President Trump expressed their disapproval of the decision:
Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame them and court system. People pouring in. Bad! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 5, 2017
The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 4, 2017
In response to the Ninth Circuit ruling, they added this:
SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 9, 2017
Folks on the right and the left have criticized the use of the words “so-called judge.” Some have even argued that the President has called into the question the legitimacy of the judiciary.
This is certainly not the first time that a President has criticized the courts. However, as National Constitution Center president and CEO Jeffrey Rosen recently told the The New York Times, “those criticisms were based on constitutional disagreements about the rulings, and it's hard to think of a president who has challenged the motives of specific judges by name repeatedly, especially before a case is decided, or used the same kind of invective as Mr. Trump has toward the court.”
Here are some other contentious moments in U.S. history between the President and the judiciary.
President Barack Obama and Citizens United
Shortly before President Obama's 2010 State of the Union Address, the Supreme Court, in a 5-4 decision, struck down restrictions on independent political spending by corporations and unions as violations of the First Amendment. Obama was apprehensive of the decision, to say the least. During their Address, the president said “Last week, the Supreme Court reversed a century of law to open the floodgates for special interests—including foreign corporations—to spend without limit in our elections…Well, I don't think American elections should be bankrolled by America's most powerful interests, or worse, by foreign entities. They should be decided by the American people.”
As the President made those remarks, the camera shifted to the members of the Supreme Court, where Justice Samuel Alito could be seen shaking their head and mouthing the words “not true.”
President Theodore Roosevelt and the Lochner Era
Sworn into office in 1901, President Roosevelt led a large progressive coalition in support of an agenda that greatly expanded the federal government and increased protections for workers across the country. This “Progressive Era” chafed against the “Lochner Era” at the Supreme Court. Spanning from 1905 until the 1930s, the period owes its name to the 1905 case of Lochner v. New York.
In the landmark 5-4 decision, the Court struck down a law that limited the number of hours a baker could work in a week, citing a “right to contract” guaranteed by the 14th Amendment. Roosevelt made their feelings on the decision and the Court known when they ran again for President as the nominee of the newly minted Progressive Party.
In their 1910 “New Nationalism” speech, Roosevelt attacked the Supreme Court's decision in Lochner. They also accused the federal courts of undermining democracy, and called for them to be “deprived of the power” to strike down progressive legislation.
President Andrew Jackson and Native Americans
President Jackson, a Washington outsider, is the supposed author of one of the most famous quotes in constitutional history.
Des Moines Register. April 13, 2017 We need true picture of campus sexual assault All of us have so much to learn about sexual assault on co…
Rivals Mount Airy and East Surry were set to do battle on the hardwood for the first time in 2018 on Tuesday, January 23. However, the recent winter weather moved exams to that date and the basketball games to Saturday night.
An intense night of basketball began with a double-overtime thriller in the JV girls game. The homestanding Lady Bears emerged victorious by a slim 41-39 margin.
The Granite Bear JV boys kept their conference winning streak alive with a 45-35 victory.
The biggest margin of victory went to the varsity girls of Mount Airy. Led by Shaunae Sawyers' 23 points, the Lady Bears (13-2, 4-0 Northwest 1A Conference) returned from a week's layoff and defeated East Surry 67-46.
The final game of the evening saw the Bears triumph after trailing from the 5:21 mark in the first quarter until 6:20 in the fourth quarter. Caleb Arrington helped complete the sweep of East Surry with team-high 20 points. The sixth-ranked Granite Bears improved to 10-4 overall and 3-1 in conference play, while the Cardinals fell to 11-6, 1-3.
Full coverage of the Varsity Girls and Boys games will be featured in the January 23 edition of The Mount Airy News.
By Cory Smith csmith@mtairynews.com
Reach Cory on Twitter @MrCoryLeeSmith
Reach Cory on Twitter @MrCoryLeeSmith
BERLIN (AP) — Germany's Siemens says it has signed contracts worth some 700 million euros ($824 million) to build two gas-powered electricity plants in Libya.
The Munich-based industrial conglomerate said Monday that the plants will be built in Misrata and Tripoli and that the value of the contracts with the state-owned General Electricity Company of Libya includes long-term service agreements.
It said the deal will expand Libya's power generation capacity by about 1.3 gigawatts, but didn't specify in a statement when the new plants will start operation.
The deal comes weeks after Siemens AG announced plans to cut about 6,900 jobs worldwide at its power, gas and drives divisions, half of them in Germany. It pointed to a sharp decline in earnings amid increasing pressure from renewable energy sources.
WORLD Animal Protection (WAP) is calling on Primo to provide more labelling information so consumers can identify if foreign imported pork products have originated from countries that use sow-stalls.
In a new campaign to be launched today ahead of the federal government's new Country of Origin Labelling (CoOL) laws commencing, WAP says it has written to Primo explaining their position in urging greater information about pork production standards to identify ethical practices used in foreign farming systems.
But unlike its talks with Aldi which was accused of lagging behind the other major supermarkets in providing information about animal welfare production standards on home-brand products, WPA Senior Campaign Manager Ben Pearson said Primo hadn't responded as yet to agree to hold talks about the enhanced pork labelling push.
Mr Pearson said Australia was a world-leading when it came to pork production and moving forward with take proactive welfare measures like phasing out sow-stalls.
But they said about 70 per cent of processed pork in Australian supermarkets like bacon and ham came from pigs raised overseas, including producers that kept mother pigs in cages.
Mr Pearson said under the new CoOL regime due to start on July 1, information provided for many imported pork products only required the label to show the percentage of a pork product that is Australian but not where the rest of it originated from.
And they indicated the new campaign for enhanced CoOL standards was also a sobering reality for animal rights activists that have been attacking the Australian pork industry by trespassing on farms to gain media attention for pro-vegan campaigns.
They said WPA did not believe local pork producers were unethical.
“We need to give the Australian pork industry credit where credit's due,” they said.
“The first thing is, they've led the world in getting pigs out of sow stalls and that's great.
“We've also let the industry know we'd like to see more movement on issues like farrowing crates…and antibiotic use but we feel the industry is doing good work and moving forward.
A Thai court of appeals has dismissed criminal defamation charges against a British labor rights activist who was sued by a fruit packaging company after they alleged human rights violations at its factory.
Andy Hall's protracted legal battle stemmed from a 2013 report they researched for Finnish consumer organization Finnwatch that alleged labor abuses at Natural Fruit's pineapple canning operation. It employed migrant workers from Myanmar who said the company abused them and broke labor regulations.
Sunya Joongdee, a lawyer for Hall, said Thursday's court ruling dismissed the criminal defamation case, which also resulted in the collapse of a related computer crime case.
They say the court accepted that Hall's interviews with migrant workers revealed information that should be made public.
PARIS (AP) — Paris Saint-Germain's front trio of striker Edinson Cavani flanked by wingers Angel Di Maria and Julian Draxler has the makings of a stunning attacking combination.
Barcelona will testify to that, after the five-time European champion was swept aside 4-0 by PSG in the first leg of their Champions League Round of 16 match on Tuesday. Di Maria scored twice, with Cavani and Draxler getting one goal each — quite an impact in their first European match together.
Soccer fans know all about Barça's world famous attacking trio of Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar — known as the MSN. They led Barcelona to the Spanish league and cup double and the Champions League in 2015 and continue as constant threat in attack.
Now European defenses have the CDD combination to worry about. If Cavani, Di Maria and Draxler continue like this, PSG can be a Champions League contender. At least the secret's out ahead of the return leg in Barcelona on March 8.
The fact Barcelona failed to deal with the CDD can partly be explained by the simple fact there was no way of knowing what they would produce together.
It is well known how the MSN operate. Stopping them is a different matter — although the information is there because countless videos of their matches are available.
However, there was precious little Barça coach Luis Enrique could work with in terms of researching the CDD trio as a front three.
For while they are established internationals in their own right— Cavani with Uruguay, Di Maria with Argentina and Draxler with Germany — they had previously started only one league game together.
Draxler only joined in January; and since their arrival PSG coach Unai Emery has preferred Brazilian Lucas as their other winger, rather than Di Maria. Surprisingly, Emery dropped Lucas and selected Di Maria, despite their disappointing performances for most of the campaign.
It proved an inspired move, with the rejuvenated Di Maria paying Emery back with an outstanding performance.
There was an element of surprise in PSG's favor, too, with Barcelona's back four unsure how to defend against the trio. They seemed concerned about pushing up and leaving space behind. But when they sat back, PSG's wingers switched flanks and pulled Barça's defenders out of position.
Each of PSG's three forwards offers something different, and they complimented each other well.
Cavani is a direct player, whose early runs are easily picked out by their quick-thinking wingers — who are both accurate passers. Cavani already has 34 goals this season, just four shorts of their career best set with former club Napoli.
The 23-year-old Draxler is a quick and athletic player who reads the game well. They have excellent technique and an eye for goal, having scored five in nine games since joining after a frustrating spell with German club Wolfsburg, where they failed to score in 14 games this season.
Di Maria likes to drift around and their tendency to crave space makes them less disciplined than Draxler, but Di Maria is more intuitive.
"They are world-class players," Luis Enrique said of PSG's front three. "They have a big attacking potential, work hard in defense and are incredible on the ball."
PSG has been desperate to join Europe's top clubs since Qatari owners QSI took over nearly six years ago.
In the last four years, PSG went out in the quarterfinals and last year's elimination led to coach Laurent Blanc being fired.
PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi liked what they saw in Emery, who guided Sevilla to three straight Europa League titles, and Blanc made way.
"This was the best performance I've been part of since coming to PSG," said midfielder Blaise Matuidi, one of QSI's first signings after its takeover in June, 2011.
The win over Barcelona sent out a warning to the rest of Europe that PSG — and its CDD — mean serious business.
E. Clinton Bamberger Jr., a Baltimore attorney who argued a precedent-setting U.S. Supreme Court case about prosecutors' duty to turn over evidence, has died.
Former Maryland Secretary of Human Resources Kalman Hettleman confirmed that the 90-year-old Bamberger died Sunday in Baltimore. Hettleman says they had pneumonia.
Bamberger argued at the Supreme Court in 1963 on behalf of a man named John Brady, who was convicted along with an accomplice of murder. Both men were sentenced to death, even though Brady's accomplice confessed they alone had committed the murder. Prosecutors withheld that confession from defense lawyers.
The Supreme Court ultimately ruled that prosecutors must turn over any evidence they have that could exonerate the defendant. It's known as the "Brady rule."
The death was first reported by The Baltimore Sun.
By Mark McIntyre
CBS2 Meteorologist/Weather Producer
Happy July 4th, folks! We have yet another hot & humid day ahead – but it won't be quite as brutal as yesterday. Expect high temps mainly in the upper 80s, with some low 90s. There is also a chance for isolated thunderstorms mainly inland…but not as intense as yesterday!
Overall outdoor plans still look fine, you might have to just duck inside for a couple of minutes while any showers pass. It's gonna be steamy again, so the pool or a shaded area would be good bets!
The forecast for tomorrow appears very similar to our weather today – perhaps with a few more peeks of sun. Highs reach the upper 80s with plenty of humidity. Friday looks like the best bet for rain in our forecast, with some drenching thunderstorms expected as a cold front moves through. Once the front crosses the area, we'll enjoy MUCH lower humidity and temperatures this weekend.
Have a great holiday!
SAN JOSE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Cypress Semiconductor Corp. (NASDAQ: CY), the embedded solutions leader, today unveiled the PSoC ® 4700 series of microcontrollers (MCUs) that uses inductive sensing to detect touch inputs for products using metal surfaces. Consumer, industrial, and automotive products are using metallic materials to differentiate with their customers through improved aesthetics. The new series frees developers to incorporate these metals by making inductive sensing as easy to use as Cypress' industry-leading CapSense ® solutions for capacitive-sensing. By empowering developers to solve their capacitive and inductive sensing problems, the PSoC 4700 series is the ideal choice for modern, state-of-the-art industrial design.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005487/en/
Pictured is Cypress' PSoC 4700 series of microcontrollers that uses inductive sensing to detect touch inputs for products using metal surfaces, enabling designers to create more sleek and durable user interfaces. (Graphic: Business Wire)
The PSoC 4700 inductive sensing solution is supported in Cypress' PSoC Creator™ Integrated Design Environment (IDE), which allows users to drag and drop production-ready hardware blocks, including the new inductive sensing capability, into a design and easily configure them via a simple graphical user interface. More information on the PSoC 4700 series, the inductive sensing solution and registration for the early access program for kits and collateral is available at www.cypress.com/PSoC4700.
“Customers want to improve the aesthetics and reliability of their products with high-quality metallic user interfaces,” said John Weil, vice president of the MCU business unit at Cypress. “Inductive-sensing technology is ideal for these applications, however, it has been difficult for customers to implement due to manufacturing variability. The PSoC 4700 MCU series overcomes this problem by leveraging our 15 years of experience with CapSense and SmartSense™ Autotuning to offer an easy-to-use, tunable inductive-sensing solution.”
The PSoC 4700 MCUs are based on a 32-bit Arm ® Cortex ® -M0+ core and integrate programmable analog and digital blocks. The devices can support up to 16 sensors to implement digital functions or custom algorithms for interfaces in various form-factors, including buttons, linear and rotary encoders, proximity sensing or free-form. The PSoC 4700 inductive-sensing solution provides superior noise immunity for reliable operation, even in extreme environmental conditions. The highly integrated solution enables cost-efficient system designs by reducing bill-of-material costs.
Cypress' free PSoC Creator IDE simplifies system design by enabling concurrent hardware and firmware development using PSoC Components—embedded ICs represented by an icon in the IDE. Engineers can easily configure the programmable analog and digital blocks in PSoC by dragging and dropping components on the PSoC Creator schematic and customizing them with graphical component configuration tools. The tool features auto-calibration that automatically compensates for manufacturing variations.
Availability
The PSoC 4700 series is sampling now to lead customers with production expected in the third quarter of 2018. Early adopters are invited to register for more information at www.cypress.com/PSoC4700Registration.
Follow Cypress Online
Join the Cypress Developer Community, read our blog, follow us on Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn, and watch Cypress videos on our Video Library or YouTube.
About Cypress
Cypress is the leader in advanced embedded solutions for the world's most innovative automotive, industrial, smart home appliances, consumer electronics and medical products. Cypress' microcontrollers, analog ICs, wireless and USB-based connectivity solutions and reliable, high-performance memories help engineers design differentiated products and get them to market first. Cypress is committed to providing customers with the best support and development resources on the planet enabling them to disrupt markets by creating new product categories in record time. To learn more, go to www.cypress.com.
Cypress, the Cypress logo, PSoC and CapSense are registered trademarks and PSoC Creator is a trademark of Cypress Semiconductor Corp. All other trademarks are property of their owners.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005487/en/
CONTACT: Cypress PR
Samer Bahou, 408-232-4552
samer.bahou@cypress.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA MINNESOTA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY CONSUMER ELECTRONICS DATA MANAGEMENT ELECTRONIC DESIGN AUTOMATION HARDWARE INTERNET SOFTWARE AUDIO/VIDEO TELECOMMUNICATIONS OTHER TECHNOLOGY SECURITY SEMICONDUCTOR MOBILE/WIRELESS MANUFACTURING ENGINEERING AUTOMOTIVE GENERAL AUTOMOTIVE
SOURCE: Cypress Semiconductor Corp.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 08:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 08:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005487/en
The Battlefords RCMP is reminding people to keep vehicles and house locked, to keep valuables out of sight and to not leave keys in vehicles. They are also encouraging people to call the Battlefords Detachment when they see suspicious people or vehicles.
This comes after two vehicles were reported stolen and a number of calls reported mischief and suspicious people. These calls included smashed windows, slashed vehicle tires and vehicles being rummaged through.
One of the vehicles reported stolen was a black 2014 Ford F150 truck with Saskatchewan plate AAE 950. It was taken from the 8000 block of 18 Ave in North Battleford. The keys and owners wallet were left in the vehicle.
The other vehicle was a blue 2008 Chevrolet Silverado with Saskatchewan plate 286FWX. The vehicle was stolen from West Park Drive in Battleford. The owner reported the theft and informed police they had security camera footage. The vehicle had been unlocked and the key fob was inside.
Police also responded to a suspicious vehicle parked on the 100 block of 28 Street in Battleford. The truck was found being driven through Battleford. RCMP says the driver was from North Battleford and was stopped at a local business, with further investigation revealing the driver was intoxicated. The person was arrested and after a breath test was charged with impaired operation of a motor vehicle and impaired operation of a motor vehicle with a blood alcohol concentration over 80 mg%.
If you have information about these crimes, you are asked to contact the Battleford's RCMP at 306-446-1720. If you wish to remain anonymous, you can contact Saskatchewan Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477.
For decades, workers from line level to management aspired to be experts in their particular niche. If you were an IT leader at an automotive parts company, you'd strive to learn every nuance of the industry, attending industry conferences, hiring outside industry experts, and perhaps occasionally visiting the customers that used your components as a way to gain an additional perspective. However, new competitors, new technologies, and companies that are willing to abandon the "rules of the road" are changing the game.
Savvy leaders are finding inspiration outside the walls of their company, and apply techniques from seemingly unrelated industries to their companies. Taking inspiration from unlikely places has a twofold benefit. First, it can allow you to identify tools or techniques that haven't yet been applied to your industry. Secondly, it can reignite a passion for your company or even your career more broadly. If you're feeling that there's little left to learn or inspire, taking an outside perspective provides an entirely new world of knowledge to excite and inspire you. Here are some ideas for gaining an outside perspective.
1. Be a student of the world
Too many adults have lost the joy with which children explore their worlds, constantly asking why and trying to determine how something works. As leaders, we can apply this zeal inside and outside our offices. Despite years at an organization, give yourself permission to explore why certain things are designed a certain way, and to look for how that process could be improved, modified, or abandoned. Similarly, let your curiosity roam outside work, when you're shopping, traveling, or engaging in a hobby.
Good design, interesting processes, and innovation are all around us, and an intriguing customer experience at your favorite store might serve as inspiration for everything from an employee training application to a story that helps sell your next internal initiative. Next time you're stuck in line, waiting for a meal, or in a waiting room at a doctor's office, put your phone away and just observe. How are people interacting? What technologies are being used or disused? How are employees interacting with their customers? What's interesting or noteworthy about the physical space? You'll suddenly find that there's inspiration all around you.
SEE: How to keep your staff motivated and engaged (free PDF) (TechRepublic)
2. Follow aspirational companies and industries
Rather than looking solely to industry peers or your customer base for inspiration, identify a few companies or industries that have capabilities that you'd like to acquire. Recently many companies have begun focusing on customer experience, and seek inspiration from the retail industry, a relatively obvious example of looking outside your industry.
There are also more nuanced examples. Perhaps your company sells plumbing supplies through a complex network of dealers and distributors. Automotive companies have long been faced with similarly complex distribution and dealership networks, yet must market directly to consumers, and may provide techniques and inspiration that haven't yet arrived in your industry. Apple has long been known for creating well-designed products, but they also run a world-class supply chain, with complex manufacturing and distribution relationships that could be relevant to any manufacturing company.
Even business models can serve as an inspiration. Uber brought digital disintermediation to the masses, and being "The Uber of [insert industry]" has become a bit of a cliché, but it's still worth thinking through whether other business models could be applied to your company. Could you rent your products rather than selling them? Is there a physical product or a service offering that could augment what you currently sell? Could you serve as a middleman that allows entry into an otherwise expensive product? Other companies have proven that unconventional business models can be successful, so at the very least thinking through how these could apply to your industry will prepare you for potential competitors.
3. Ask better questions
As leaders, we often fall into a default state of assuming our job is to provide answers. We're the men and women that are supposed to make decisions, provide guidance, and answer tough questions. These are important leadership skills, but increasingly, so is asking the right questions. The rapid pace of change increasingly means we as leaders simply cannot have a functional knowledge of every discipline that's required to compete effectively in today's market. A junior designer on our team might have a bit of knowledge that can help push the collective thinking forward, but will only offer that knowledge if you as a leader create an environment where they or they feel like they can contribute.
Try to gain a sense of the perspectives each person on your team brings to the table. This is useful for two reasons. First, it allows you to call on specific people when you need expertise in a particular area. Secondly, it can help identify areas where your team is lacking. You may have a dozen technologists, but no one that can think through how to make employees more effective. Or, you might have a room full of great thinkers on customer experience, but no one that knows the capabilities and limitations of the tools required to deliver those experiences.
SEE: 10 books every small business entrepreneur should read (free PDF) (TechRepublic)
4. Get out of your comfort zone
Focusing only on your industry can be comfortable. You speak the same language, have the same concerns, and often move at a similar pace to industry peers and competitors. As a leader, you may have grown up in the industry, and are well-regarded as an expert in the space. It can be uncomfortable to spend time with someone who has never heard of you, and regards some aspect of your company as significantly lagging or even irrelevant. However, just as sitting in an "echo chamber" of like-minded individuals can adversely affect our personal lives and perspective on our fellow human beings, so, too, can safely remaining in your professional echo chamber.
For more business and leadership tips, subscribe to our Executive Briefing newsletter. Subscribe
Also see:
BERLIN (AP) — Bavaria's conservative government is ordering Christian crosses to be placed at the entrance of all state administrative buildings.
The regional government says the crosses shouldn't be seen as religious symbols, but are meant to reflect the southern German state's "cultural identity and Christian-western influence."
German news agency dpa reported that Tuesday's decree won't affect municipal and federal government buildings in Bavaria.
Crosses are already compulsory in public schools and courtrooms in predominantly Catholic Bavaria.
The governing Christian Social Union — the Bavaria-only wing of Chancellor Angela Merkel's party — is hoping to avoid losing its state majority to Alternative for Germany, a party on the right whose anti-Muslim campaigns have struck a chord with some German voters.
MOUNT BETHEL, Pa. (AP) — A musician whose songs helped teach children on ABC's "Schoolhouse Rock" has died.
Their son, Chris, says 94-year-old Bob Dorough died of natural causes Monday at their home in Mount Bethel, Pennsylvania.
According to their biography, the jazz musician "set the multiplication tables to music" as musical director for the educational cartoon series between 1973 and 1985. It was revived from 1993 to 1999.
They also wrote the song "Devil May Care," which jazz great Miles Davis recorded as an instrumental version.
Dorough was born in Arkansas and raised in Texas. They headed to New York City after graduating from the University of North Texas in 1949. They eventually settled in Pennsylvania.
A funeral is tentatively scheduled for Monday in Mount Bethel.
How come Siri cannot learn a damn thing? Why hasn't Apple given Siri the most basic of abilities: “Hey Siri: learn this word, “ahh'rv,” spelled A R V, nickname for Arvind.”
With this single feature, the public could help teach Siri to grow and develop; something Apple seems incapable of doing itself. And while not a panacea, it would greatly expand Siri to seem a lot less stupid than it is.
Teaching Siri to Learn Words
“Hey Siri, this is how I pronounce the word S C H E D U L E: shed'yule.” “Hey Siri, this is how I pronounce the word A L U M I N U M: al'you'min'ee'yum.” “Hey Siri, G I F is pronounced gif” [with a hard ‘g' like god intended, and its inventor is wrong about].
With this, Siri could learn individuals' peculiarities in pronunciation and vernacular, so as to make interaction more fluid. Also, if enough people teach it the same new words/meanings, that can filter up more easily through machine learning, and expand Siri to be less profoundly stupid.
The rudiments of this are built into Siri interacting with your address book, where you can ask Siri “Hey Siri: Call me the king of the world” and Siri will put “the king of the world” into your nickname field in contacts. But its super limited, i.e., you cannot change the language through contacts in any reasonable way.
Heck, you cannot even verbally ask Siri to give anyone other than yourself a nickname in a natural way. Saying “Hey Siri: Call Arvind by the nickname of Arv” will cause Siri to try and dial up Arvind. You can try and game Siri and say “Hey Siri: Arvind is my Arv” but the problem then is, Siri does not know what “Arv” is and guesses things like, “Ok, do you want me to remember that Arvind is your heart?” Fantastic.
Teach Siri to Learn Stuff
Eventually, you could also teach it analogues for its functions and new words to add to the lexicon. “Hey Siri: When I say ‘remind me' I want you to calendar the reminder for the next day at noon.” “Hey Siri: learn a new word P H O T O B O M B: foto'bom, means an image of someone with some other jerk in the background looking at the camera.” By teaching it new words like ‘photobomb', Siri could later use that for interactions like “Hey Siri: find all photos with me in it photobombed by Arv.”
I know Apple is super busy innovating new periwinkle wrist strap colors and all that, but maybe, for a change, it can try not acting like a drunken toddler with ADD and walk and chew gum. Hey Apple, teach Siri to learn.
Merck & Co. will stop its study of an experimental Alzheimer's drug in people with mild or moderate symptoms because interim results showed "virtually no chance" of any benefit.
However, the drugmaker said Tuesday it will continue another study of the drug, verubecestat, in patients who don't yet show symptoms. They have some memory problems, but can still perform daily activities.
The two studies were intended to enable Merck to seek regulators' approval to sell verubecestat.
Alzheimer's is one of the toughest diseases to treat.
While a few treatments temporarily ease symptoms such as memory loss, confusion and agitation, dozens of drugs tested have failed to slow mental decline or halt the mind-robbing disease, including the one Eli Lilly & Co. scrapped in November.
Philip Cosores
The RX is Uproxx Music's stamp of approval for the best albums, songs, and music stories throughout the year. Inclusion in this category is the highest distinction we can bestow, and signals the most important music being released throughout the year. The RX is the music you need, right now.
In late 2011, Speedy Ortiz quietly released an initial album called The Death Of Speedy Ortiz on the independent streaming platform Bandcamp. Written and recorded entirely by the band's frontwoman, Sadie Dupuis, in their cabin at Buck's Rock Performing and Creative Arts Camp — a music camp in Connecticut where they worked as a counselor teaching songwriting — the songs were fresh and hooky, puzzling and immediately compelling.
That early album was mixed by Julian Fader of Ava Luna, a friend of the band who stayed involved enough to record their latest album, and who has been part of Speedy's larger sphere in various capacities over the years. Meanwhile, a smattering of other early releases from the fledgling group trickled out around that same time, the Cop Kicker EP, two early singles, “Taylor Swift” b/w “Swim Fan,” and 2012's Sports, released on the independent punk label Exploding In Sound.
Even on these early skeletal tracks, the unexpected serpentine bent of the guitar lines and Dupuis' incisive, sometimes stunning lyrical insight immediately took hold. Those angular, riffy tracks gained even more weight as Dupuis expanded their early demos into a full-fledged band. Two years later, with the release of their proper studio debut Major Arcana on Carpark Records, Speedy Ortiz was already on the radar as one of the most important rock bands of the era. And with the release of the Real Hair EP in 2014 and 2015's Foil Deer, their trajectory only continued to grow.
In the meantime, the band opened for the likes of The Breeders and Stephen Malkmus And The Jicks, along with organizing safe space hotlines at their own shows, to make sure fans — particularly female and queer/non-binary ones — felt secure in the DIY spaces they frequented. “I'd like to imagine Sadie Dupuis leading a long train of pre-teen and teenagers out of the pre-fab cultural theme park and toward something more spikey, individual and real,” wrote Jennifer Kelly in an early review of the band's oeuvre for Dusted magazine. In 2018, as the band gets in gear to tour behind their third full-length album, Twerp Verse — out this Friday — it seems clear that she's done just that.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Between 2016's solo debut as Sad13 on Slugger and a raging new Speedy album, Dupuis hasn't shown a single inkling that she'll be slowing down anytime soon. And though it may be seven years since they and their band first burst on the scene, it's easy to feel like this veteran indie rocker has only just begun to hit their stride. Twerp Verse was recorded at Silent Barn in Brooklyn with the asupervisorstioned Julian Fader and Carlos Hernandez (also of Ava Luna), but, much to Sadie's delight, it was and produced and mixed by Mike Mogis (Bright Eyes, Rilo Kiley, Jenny Lewis) at their studio in Omaha.
Recently, Sadie and I met up at the bar and club Resident, in downtown LA, to discuss things like Mogis' involvement with their new album, what spurred their songwriting, and why they scrapped the first version of Twerp Verse.
Transcript for Capitol police are being praised for their courage under fire
Finally tonight here, the capitol police, two officers wounded themselves but saving so many. The two capitol hill police officers saving so many lives You have a baseball bat, they have a rifle. That's not a fair fight. Both of them were wounded. Reporter: And it was those two officers, speaker of the house Paul Ryan singled out Many lives would have been lost. Reporter: Is there something larger here about rhetoric in this country and how particularized this country has become. What's sad today is the polarization between the two parties. Just because people think a different way politically is not a reason to disavow them. I hope that out of this tragedy we can bring together some unity, some common ground. Reporter: Tomorrow night here the game will be gone on. Staffers who work were member of congress Scalise, they always wore Louisiana state gear to every practice and every game. Tomorrow, they'll be wearing lsu baseball shirts as a salute to him. I'll In the anonymous sources
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Getty Image
Piers Morgan has long been the focus of many jokes over the years, usually taking them on directly by addressing their critics on Twitter or television. This time around, they seem to be handling both ends — or just one judging from the imagery he's sharing. It would seem that The Mash Report on BBC aired a segment with Rachel Parris that featured the following image illustrating Morgan's recent interview with President Donald Trump:
Amusing though this image may be to many people, can you imagine the BBC broadcasting it if the President was Hillary Clinton or the interviewer was a woman? #TheMashReport @BBCTwo pic.twitter.com/2mazoAzpwd — Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) February 2, 2018
As you can see, Morgan noticed and decided to air their grievances about the imagery being used on publicly funded television on Twitter. This involved sharing the picture, which would seem silly at first until you realized they shared it at least three more times.
The BBC thinks this is OK to broadcast. But if it depicted high profile women, there would be outrage.
Why the double standard? pic.twitter.com/xcdxpEJD3E — Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) February 2, 2018
If the BBC broadcast an image like this after a female journalist interviewed @theresa_may – all hell would break loose & people would be fired. Gender equality shouldn't just apply to pay – should it? pic.twitter.com/9xNqGPjZl9 — Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) February 2, 2018
NEW YORK (AP) — In the search for answers to a series of explosions in Texas, authorities have come ahead with a simple plea to whoever's behind the blasts: Talk to us.
The Austin police chief's direct appeal, complete with promises to listen to the bomber and try to understand the reasons, reflects the stubborn progress of the investigation in which there's no known motivation and the ties between the victims are opaque at best. It may also represent a ploy to coax a response that could give clues or help police prepare for what might come next.
"It puts law enforcement and police in a down power dynamic and instills power on the person," said Randall Rogan, a Wake Forest University professor who is an expert on forensic linguistic analysis and worked with the FBI on the Unabomber case. "It gives (perpetrators) a sense of satisfaction, of pride, of accomplishment, that they are in charge."
An explosion on Sunday night was the fourth in Austin this month, and represented a stepped-up level of sophistication in the attack. Unlike the previous bombings, which involved packages left on doorsteps, the latest one was placed near a hiking trail and had a thin translucent tripwire like fishing line. Two people have died in the explosions and four others have been injured.
Hundreds of officers from multiple law enforcement agencies are on the case.
Rogan said as time passes, it's likely the person or people behind the explosions will seek more than just the thrill of the crimes themselves and will desire more recognition, something that could drive them to make contact with police or release some sort of communiqué or manifesto. They said the new complexity of the fourth bombing might suggest it was a test for something even bigger.
"This is an increase and expansion of sophistication and most likely a trial run for something to come in the future," Rogan said.
Robert Taylor, a former police detective who is now a criminologist at the University of Texas at Dallas, said eventually there will be a break in the case, but how long it will take remains to be seen.
"Something will come up somewhere. It will be a fingerprint on an envelope or DNA from saliva or a unique kind of detonator, or someone will just blab in a bar," they said.
For now, though, the police chief's plea suggests they haven't reached that point.
"It's a sign there's probably not a lot of physical evidence in this kind of crimes that lead and point to a specific person," Taylor said.
Every tiny piece of the bombs' remnants, though, holds the potential to unlock the mystery.
Mary Ellen O'Toole, a retired FBI agent and profiler who worked on numerous bombing cases, including the Unabomber, and now heads the forensic science program at George Mason University, said because bombs require so many components, they increase the chance that whoever built it could leave a trace of themselves behind.
"They're looking to see if they can determine a signature for the bomber," they said of investigators.
Scouring the areas where the bombs went off could uncover something — a hair, a skin fragment, a part of a fingerprint — that might lead to the perpetrator. Police will analyze every part of the devices they can recover to see what clues come from wires, tape, the skill and neatness in which they were constructed, and any other detail that might help decode who the bomber is.
"Even the way they bend or roll the wire," said Michael Bussell, a former Army ordnance disposal technician who now teaches classes on the subject for the online American Military University.
The Unabomber case, which launched with its first blast in 1978, provides both reasons to be hopeful and concerned about the Texas explosions.
While the FBI was able to build a correct profile of the bomber as having been raised in Chicago with ties to Salt Lake City and San Francisco, the big break in the case didn't come for 17 years, when they sent a 35,000-word manifesto. Even then, Ted Kaczynski was identified as the Unabomber only after their brother came forward to help authorities.
O'Toole said it's impossible to build a nuanced profile of the killer without all the evidence, but that bombers share some characteristics. They are willing to forsake some control in their mayhem since they are leaving a device that might not reach its intended target. They enjoy the risk of it — not just the danger of building a bomb, but also of transporting it to neighborhoods where people live and they could easily be caught. And because the bombings have continued, they likely feel no remorse and are prepared to do it again.
"If this bomber is being motivated, in part, by the sense of power and control that they have holding the city of Austin in a state of fear, and depending on how addictive that feeling is," they said, "that can be a strong contributor to theirs doing it again and not waiting a long period of time."
___
Sedensky can be reached at msedensky@ap.org or https://twitter.com/sedensky
Forecasting a new arrival! ABC News meteorologist Ginger Zee surprised viewers and their Good Morning America co-anchors on Monday, when they announced their second pregnancy on the air.
MORE: Nikki Reed and Ian Somerhalder Reportedly Welcome First Child!
Zee, 36, appeared to be doing their regular weather forecast, when they said, "Pressure in the Southwest, right about here," standing next to the large circle and outlining it to look like a baby bump.
They then rushed to the other side of the map doing the same thing on the East Coast.
"And then this area right about here are going to have a shadow from my belly, because I'm pregnant!" Zee declared as everyone in the studio clapped and cheered.
They then shared a photo of their 1-year-old son, Adrian, holding up the sonogram.
"There's Adrian, he's very excited," they said. "We're very excited."
They also revealed the gender of their baby, saying, "Another boy! All boys!"
Adrian already asking to hold their little brother😉💙💙💙new baby boy coming February 2018! pic.twitter.com/NHLYFjEJcH — Ginger Zee (@Ginger_Zee) August 14, 2017
Zee is due in Feb. 2018, and told fans, "I feel good! Five months left. It's going to get big, that's why I had to tell everybody."
MORE: Christina Perri Expecting First Child With Fiance Paul Costabile
They also shared the photo of their son and the sonogram on Twitter, writing, "Adrian already asking to hold their little brother. New baby boy coming February 2018!"
For more pregnancy announcements, watch the clip below!
Related Articles
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Seth MacFarlane and the folks at Family Guy have an interesting connection to the #MeToo movement and the Weinstein scandal. Not only did the moment above gain a lot of attention for “predicting” or shining a light on the Harvey Weinstein allegations, especially with MacFarlane's comment on the 2011 clip in October last year.
So really, it is only fitting that the show that launched them to success is now taking a victory lap of sorts with their push for this year's Emmy Awards. According to Deadline, the show's latest Emmy mailer is addressing this connection and the current events in Hollywood:
“We predicted Kevin Spacey and Harvey Weinstein. Open DVD to see who's next”
And apparently, when you open the DVD envelope, the joke is that there is a mirror inside. As Deadline says, it makes every Emmy voter a potential suspect. It's funny from the outside, but who knows if it will go over well with those who have been touched by sexual assault and harassment — or actually help reveal another guilty party.
MYOB has dumped it plan to acquire Reckon's Accountant Group Assets, the ASX-listed software company announced this morning.
MYOB said that the $180 million deal was called off due the length of time it had taken to recieve regulatory approval.
The two companies announced in November that they had reached an agreement for Reckon to sell its Accountants Practice Management business in an all-cash transaction.
Reckon's Accounts Practice Management Group produces software targeting accounting firms. The deal would have covered Reckon's APS Practice Management business, Elite Practice Management business, and Docs Corporate Services business, and was subject to approval from the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission and New Zealand's Commerce Commission.
The parties had originally anticipated that the acquisition would be completed by the second quarter of 2018.
Reckon planned to use the proceeds of the sale to pay off the majority of its debt and for a special dividend. The company would have been left with Business and Legal Practice Management divisions, which have previously delivered about half of Reckon's revenue.
“With accountants responding positively to the online practice tools MYOB has already brought to market, and competitors clarifying through the ACCC process that they are not currently able to provide a full suite of online practice tools to their clients, the company feels well placed to accelerate investment to further strengthen its market position,” MYOB said in a statement.
“Whilst the acquisition will not complete as planned, we are excited about the opportunity to accelerate the organic growth in our business,” MYOB CEO Tim Reed said.
“With a proven track record of investing for growth, and a market ripe for expansion, we are confident that this is the right time to invest and set our business up for future success, whilst continuing to deliver value to our shareholders and our customers.”
“It is regrettable that the conditions precedent could not be achieved in the time. But we must now focus on business as usual,” Reckon Group CEO Clive Rabie said. “We remain committed to maintaining and supporting our existing APS clients and our strategy to move to the cloud.”
MYOB today detailed an $80 million investment plan, including $50 million over two years on R&D to “bring forward the delivery of MYOB's online platform”, and $30 million over two years on sales and marketing.
By 2020 the company is aiming to have 1 million online customers.
WASHINGTON (AP) — With the Supreme Court poised to rule on a case that could end the federal ban on sports gambling, more than a third of U.S. states are considering legislation to get in on the action, and professional leagues and casino interests are lobbying against each other for the biggest cut of the winnings.
The push to legalize betting on sports has already led to fractures in an uneasy alliance that had developed between leagues and gambling legalization advocates before Supreme Court arguments last fall.
The NBA and Major League Baseball have been asking states to give them 1 percent of the total amount wagered on their games, calling it an "integrity fee" so they can protect their products and snuff out attempts at cheating and game-fixing.
"Now, let's be clear — that's just a euphemism for a cut of the action," Joe Asher, CEO of William Hill U.S., a sports book operator, told New York state lawmakers in January. "There will be plenty of financial benefits to the leagues."
Gambling proponents say kicking back that much to the leagues would make sports books unprofitable and prevent a legal, regulated betting market from developing. They're seeking an arrangement similar to what exists in Nevada, where the state takes 6.75 percent of winnings on top of a federal tax of 0.25 percent of the amount wagered.
Casinos have a built-in edge when it comes to battling in statehouses. Casinos are legal in 40 states; the commercial companies and American Indian tribes that run them are well-versed in dealing with regulators and state lawmakers. The NBA and MLB, on the other hand, are new to lobbying states on gambling and have sometimes relied upon the bully pulpit of their commissioners to get their point across.
"The leagues feel like they're out of their element, and that's making them uncomfortable," said Kevin Braig, a Columbus, Ohio-based attorney, gambling industry analyst and handicapper. "The gaming industry lobbies all the states. I think it goes even beyond that: They're almost partners in what they're doing. They have a very close relationship because they have very closely overlapping interests."
Before the Supreme Court heard New Jersey's challenge to the 1992 federal law limiting sports betting to the four states that already had laws on the books, casino interests — and their influential trade group, the American Gaming Association — were encouraged by the professional leagues' changing attitudes about gambling, even as leagues argued before the justices that the ban should remain. NBA Commissioner Adam Silver has said betting should be legalized and MLB Commissioner Rob Manfred has said it could enhance fan interest in the sport. Although the NFL remains publicly opposed to gambling, Commissioner Roger Goodell has said their position has "evolved."
The NFL and the NCAA have sat out the debate entirely in states considering legislation. That's despite the fact that 31 percent of sports gambling winnings in Nevada last year came from football bets, and more is wagered on college basketball's NCAA Tournament than on the Super Bowl.
The NBA and MLB argue their reputations are on the line because of the possibility of games being fixed. Sports fans are still familiar with the Black Sox scandal of 1919, Pete Rose's lifetime banishment from baseball for betting on games and a point-shaving scandal involving former NBA referee Tim Donaghy.
"The damage from even a hint of scandal will hurt the sports leagues far worse than anyone else," said Bryan Seeley, senior vice president and deputy general counsel at MLB.
"The NBA spends billions of dollars each year creating the games that would serve as the foundation for legalized sports betting, while bearing all of the risk and therefore incurring enormous additional expenses for compliance and enforcement," NBA spokesperson Mike Bass said. "As a result, we believe it is reasonable for operators to compensate the NBA with a small percentage of the total amount bet on our games."
State regulators monitor wagering 24/7 in Nevada, and the leagues pay contractors to monitor overseas bets.
Casinos argue that sports books don't make much money and are really there to get gamblers in the door. Unlike blackjack or slots, where casinos have a house edge, sports books make money by encouraging individual gamblers to each side of a wager, and then charging a percentage for placing the bet. Casinos say leagues will benefit from enhanced fan interest and gambling-company sponsorships.
Bills to legalize sports betting have been introduced in 18 states. This month, West Virginia approved a bill that would legalize sports betting immediately if the Supreme Court allows it. A decision by the court is expected this spring.
Mississippi, New Jersey, New York and Pennsylvania have also already authorized sports gambling. New York is considering whether to expand a law already on the books to allow sports gambling at racetracks and betting parlors. In Iowa, a bill to authorize sports books has advanced out of committee.
The states that have only introduced bills or are not as far along in the process are California, Connecticut, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, Oklahoma, Rhode Island and South Carolina.
The NBA and MLB haven't successfully sold lawmakers on a 1 percent cut so far, although the New York bill was amended to give 0.25 percent of the amount wagered to the leagues.
West Virginia's new law doesn't kick back anything to the leagues. Manfred said it has "serious problems" and benefits "only the gaming industry." They may have found a sympathetic ear in Republican Gov. Jim Justice, who allowed the bill to become law without their signature and urged lawmakers to consider partnering with the leagues.
While 1 percent may not sound like a lot, sports books generally hold onto only around 5 percent of what's wagered. That means a 1 percent tax on the handle can siphon away about 20 percent of gambling revenue. Add state and federal taxes, and casinos may find sports books to be a sucker bet.
Sara Slane, senior vice president of public affairs at the American Gaming Association, said the proposed fee runs counter to the leagues' and casinos' shared goal of curtailing illegal gambling.
"If you are trying to stamp out the illegal market and drive more traffic to the legal, regulated market," Slane said, "you're not going to be able to accomplish that with this type of business model."
HASSAN SHAM CAMP, Iraq (AP) — The United Nations says it's temporarily pausing aid operations to neighborhoods in the eastern half of the Iraqi city of Mosul as attacks by the Islamic State group continue to inflict heavy civilian casualties there.
Lise Grande, the U.N. Humanitarian Coordinator for Iraq, says "the United Nations agencies made the decision that until security improves, it will be difficult for us to provide assistance."
They spoke during a visit to a camp for Iraqis displaced from Mosul on Wednesday.
While Mosul's eastern half was declared "fully liberated" last month, some neighborhoods continue to be hit by attacks claimed by IS.
The pause in aide comes as Iraqi forces are moving into positions ahead of an anticipated assault on Mosul's western half that is still firmly under IS control.
Michael Toler caught this 30 inches Redfish in Beaufort South Carolina.
Angler: Mike Toler
Location: Beaufort South Carolina
Lure: zman paddle tail soaked in Scent by Baitpro
Kayak fishing on the Hobie Pro Angler
Catch and released
I only had a hour and a half to get out, I hit the water with no time to change out of my jeans and boots. When I hit the landing I tossed my boots in the back of the kayak and peddled in socks to the battle ground. When you get a chance you have to hit It! I have been having trouble locating fish since I moved from southern California, but a fella at Beaufort boat and dock Supply told me the fish are where the dolphins can't get them. So I went into the trenches of oyster beds searching, the weather was garbage 20 plus mile per hour winds, rain, but no lighting. It's been driving me crazy I haven't caught a solid red and this was war…..trench warfare. I was scanning the area and saw a deep V moving in the water between beds, I held my breath and flicked out my swim bait and with every crank of the handle I was wondering if I missed my chance. Out of no where the water blew up and drag screamed, game on. Finally a solid red. Released after a quick photo.
Contact 7 On Your Side
Have you contacted the company but your complaint still isn't resolved? Have you asked to speak with a supervisor? Have you read the 7 On Your Side FAQs? If you live in the San Francisco Bay Area and you're still having trouble, 7 On Your Side wants to help you.
A Beamsville animal rescue group has launched a petition calling on the Ontario SPCA to re-open an animal cruelty investigation at a property where they say more than 100 cats were living and dozens more were dead.
Beamsville4Paw Rescue collected more than 225 signatures in person during a successful adopt-a-thon in Grimsby this weekend for some of the rescued kittens and cats from Merritt Road.
It's also posted an online petition on its website and through Facebook.
“People were outraged,” said Pam Huson, owner of Beamsville4Paw Rescue. “People were coming and giving me hugs. The petition line was out the door. You couldn't even move. So many donations, so much support.”
The Ontario SPCA told the Standard last Wednesday that it couldn't move forward with an investigation or lay animal cruelty charges at the Merritt Road property due to lack of evidence.
Lincoln County Humane Society executive director Kevin Strooband said Monday if more evidence becomes available, the agency can still lay charges.
“It's still open because there's no statute of limitations,” they said.
Strooband said OSPCA officers did not see evidence of cruelty during their visits to the Merritt Road property. The agency has received photos from the rescue groups, but they said those pictures don't show evidence required to lay charges either.
If the groups can provide more evidence required for a charge, Strooband said the OSPCA officers are willing to take it. “They've been less than forthcoming to this point,” they said.
The Town of Lincoln does not have a bylaw limiting the number of cats a person can own or have at a residence.
Beamsville4Paw Rescue and Project Save-a-Cat's Life say they rescued 100 cats, some pregnant with kittens on the way, and found another 150 deceased at the property, which was abandoned by a former tenant believed to be a cat hoarder.
Volunteers have been at the site every day since July 18 catching cats, some injured and many underweight, getting them medical attention and putting them in foster homes.
The story has triggered an outpouring of support from the community.
Huson said more people than expected showed up at Grimsby's PetValu on Saturday and Sunday to adopt cats, sign the petition or make a donation.
“They were crying, opening their hearts. It was truly amazing to see the community pull together,” they said.
Members of Beamsville4Paw Rescue were hoping to adopt out 10 cats but people scooped up 30.
Huson said the timing was good because one of the pregnant cats at a foster home gave birth on Sunday and they needed more room for newborns.
“We may be doing the trapping but this is a community project. We wouldn't be able to do this without the public's help. Without the people donating, without the people opening their doors for fosters,” Huson said.
“I love my community. I don't think I'd live anywhere else. The support that we're getting, you could tell people love their animals.”
Huson said another group of cats will be up for adoption at the store some time after Labour Day. But people don't have to wait for the event to adopt and can view the cats at any time in their foster homes. All cats ready for adoption are expected to be listed on the www.beamsville4pawrescue.com website by this Thursday.
Meanwhile, the volunteers continue to visit the property trying to catch one or two stragglers, but believe they've cleared all others.
“I'm amazed at our volunteers and the groups that we have, that in less than a month we have rescued a hundred-plus cats. Truthfully that is amazing and a half,” Huson said.
“That's because of the public. I can't thank the public enough. I wouldn't be able to do it if they didn't open their hearts and their doors.”
In addition to calling on the OSPCA to re-open its investigation, the rescue group's petition is asking that the Lincoln County Humane Society be removed from all animal cruelty investigations within the Niagara region and from any services in the Grimsby community. The idea would be to bring in another agency.
Strooband said the Lincoln County Humane Society has done good work with animals in the area.
“Because this group is not pleased with our decision to date, they want to change the policing of animals in their jurisdiction, which isn't appropriate,” they said.
Strooband said if there are legitimate concerns, there is a complaint process on OSPCA's website in the FAQ section. They said they welcome any questions.
“We're not concerned about their feelings of a lack of investigation,” they said. “We're concerned that we haven't been provided evidence by them to properly do our jobs, almost to the point of obstructing us when they're holding evidence they're not turning over.”
Volunteers have said they are willing to cooperate in any way they can and want to know what more they can provide.
kwalter@postmedia.com
Follow @karena_standard
Ricki Lake Reveals Them ‘Beloved Soulmate' and Ex-Husband Christian Evans Has Died After Struggle with Bipolar Disorder
Ricki Lake‘s ex-husband Christian Evans has died.
In an emotional Instagram and Facebook post on Tuesday, the actor revealed that Evans, who battled bipolar disorder, has passed away.
“It is with a heavy heart that I share that my beloved soulmate, Christian Evans has passed,” Lake, who was married to Evans from 2012-15, began the post. “The world didn't understand this man, but I did. They succumbed to their lifelong struggle with bipolar disorder.”
“For anyone who has ever lost a family member or friend to mental illness, my heart goes out to you. I am a greater person for having known them and spent the past 6 and a half years of my life with him,” they continued. “He was a man of love and what mends my broken heart today knows that they are finally at peace and their spirit is free.”
They ended the post with, “Rest in peace, my love.”
The couple got engaged in August of 2011 and eloped on April 8 the following year. Lake separated from Evans on Oct. 9, 2014 and filed for divorce a week late later, citing irreconcilable differences.
Lake told PEOPLE in 2011 that they began dating Evans, a jewelry designer, during the summer of 2010. At the time, they described them as a “normal guy. We met through my best friend. He's a nobody but he's somebody to me. He's everything to me.”
“We just clicked,” they told PEOPLE in 2012. “It just feels like they were the right one all along.”
For nearly two days, outrage has steadily increased over President Trump's refusal to call out Nazis/white supremacists over Charlottesville violence. Instead, they blamed “many sides” for the deadly incidents that left three people dead, including one counterprotester who was allegedly murdered by James Alex Fields Jr. The White House unsuccessfully argued that their condemnation was evident, and Trump still didn't denounce those groups by name. Since the criticism just wouldn't stop, Trump made a surprise statement to the media, in which they did specifically condemn these groups.
Trump first addressed jobs and the economy, and they moved onto addressing how he'd met with FBI Director Christopher Wray, who will (alongside Attorney General Jeff Sessions) open a Department of Justice civil rights investigation into the death of Heather Heyer. Trump promised that “justice will be delivered,” and then they — finally — said those words:
“Racism is evil — and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including KKK, Neo-Nazis, White Supremacists, and other hate groups are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans. We are a nation founded on the truth that all of us are created equal. We are equal in the eyes of our Creator. We are equal under the law. And we are equal under the Constitution. Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America.”
Trump also stressed that all Americans, regardless of race, are subject to the same laws. It was, clearly, a tightly-scripted speech (no ad-libbing this time) and one aimed at mitigating damage, especially after the president lashed out at an African-American CEO when they resigned from a manufacturing council on Monday morning. Trump may have alienated their white nationalist voting base, and the fallout there should be interesting, but will their efforts have any effect on the American public?
You can watch a longer clip of Trump's relevant comments below.
(Via CNN)
Snow and wintry weather are still wreaking havoc on travelers in Britain, with flights cancelled, roads sheathed in ice and rail travel disrupted Monday.
With temperatures predicted to drop overnight to as low as minus 12 Celsius (11 degrees Fahrenheit), transport officials worked on cleanup. Hundreds of schools were closed and airports struggled under the weight of flight delays.
"The worst of the snowfall is behind us," said Grahame Madge of the Met Office. "It's now more about dealing with the weather we've had."
Europe's largest airport, Heathrow, warned that hundreds of flights would be cancelled as it cleared the backlog of flights delayed by Sunday's snowfall.
In the world of interconnected air travel, any extended disruption quickly leaves planes and flight crews out of position, knocking them out of the rotation for their next assignments. Airlines are also responsible for de-icing their aircraft, and some have more capacity than others to do so.
"The airport remains open and is operating three-quarters of scheduled flights," Heathrow said in statement. "Before coming to the airport, passengers must check their flight status with their airline."
National Rail said poor weather conditions are affecting travel across England and Wales. Trains on Chiltern Railways, CrossCountry, Great Western, and Virgin Trains are also being affected by delays.
BERLIN (AP) — The prospective partners in Chancellor Angela Merkel's next government appear to have broken an impasse over migrants' right to bring close relatives to Germany.
Merkel's conservative Union bloc and the center-left Social Democrats hope to conclude coalition talks Sunday. The Social Democrats are seeking more palatable compromises on some issues already discussed in preliminary talks.
Those include whether close relatives can join migrants with a status below full asylum. They can't now, but that rule expires in mid-March. News agency dpa reported the two sides agreed Tuesday that, from August, a maximum 1,000 relatives monthly should be let in, plus people who can be admitted under existing rules for hardship cases.
That's largely in line with a preliminary agreement that was considered a success for conservatives. But Social Democrat lawmaker Eva Hoegl said their party had ensured that relatives can come.
June 15, 2017 00:21 EST
Welcome to SparkSpread.com
This page is only available to subscribers.
If you are already a subscriber, please log in below...
Log in
If you would like to register for a free trial to SparkSpread.com, click here
NEW ORLEANS, Louisiana – Tennessee junior Christian Coleman was named the USTFCCCA National Outdoor Runner of the Year the coaches association announced on Wednesday.
Coleman earned the honor after a fantastic weekend at the NCAA Outdoor Championship, which saw them win the 100m and 200m titles and set a collegiate record in the 100m in the prelims.
The Atlanta native became the second person in NCAA history to win four sprint national championships as they added their two outdoor titles to their indoor sweep of the 60m and 200m National Championships. #VFL Justin Gatlin (2002) is the only other person to complete the double-double.
Coleman set the collegiate record in the 100m and the top time in world this year in the prelims as they raced across the line in 9.82 seconds. That mark made Coleman the fourth-fastest American ever and the ninth-fastest person in world history. They trail only Tyson Gay, Gatlin and Maurice Green in the U.S. record books.
Coleman followed that performance up by winning NCAA Championship in the 100m with a time of 10.04, while running into a wind that would not be considered legal if it was at their back. They had to come back 35 minutes later and run in the 200m dash final. Coleman posted a time of 20.25 despite running into a 3.1 headwind.
At the NCAA East Prelims, Coleman notched the second-fastest 200m time in collegiate history with a mark of 19.85 seconds while running into a headwind. That is the second-fastest 200m in the world this year and defeated Gatlin's school record of 19.86.
This year, Coleman has recorded times that place them in the top two on all four collegiate top-10 lists.  They are first in the 100m and second in the 200m outdoors. During the indoor season, they tied the collegiate record in the 60m and ran the second-fastest 200m ever.  They are the only person in track & field history to appear on all four collegiate sprinting top-10 lists and only Walter Dix even appears on three of those lists.
Coleman also won SEC Championships in both the 100m and 200m dashes by doing something no collegian has ever done. They tallied times of 9.97 seconds in the 100m and 19.98 seconds in the 200m to become the first person to run wind-legal marks under 10 seconds in the 100m and under 20 seconds in the 200m on the same day. Only eight people in world history have accomplished this feat, but Coleman is the youngest person and the only collegian.
This year there have been eight wind-legal times under 10 seconds in the NCAA, four of which have been recorded by Coleman. Two of those came at the NCAA East Prelims as part of a string of four consecutive races in which Coleman went under 10 seconds, only broken up by their 10.04 performance at the NCAA Championship, when they were running into nearly a five miles-per-hour wind.
Coleman has collected quite a few accolades this year as they finished the outdoor season undefeated in all event finals. They will add the USTFCCCA National Outdoor Runner of the Year Award to the USTFCCCA National Indoor Runner of the Year and the SEC Outdoor Runner of the Year they picked up earlier this year. They were also named the Tennessee Sports Hall of Fame Amateur Athlete of the Year and earned the SEC Commissioner's Trophy as the high point scorer at the SEC Outdoor Championship.
Coleman will join a small contingent of Vols who are headed to Sacramento, California next week for the USATF Championship. The meet will be from June 22-25 and will decide which Americans make the United States' team for the 2017 World Championship in London.
By TERRY McCORMICK
Associated Press
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) – Tennessee quarterback Marcus Mariota will be a game-time decision for Sunday's matchup against the Dolphins.
Mariota was listed Friday as questionable for the game in Miami after being limited in practice for the third consecutive day with a left hamstring injury suffered last week in a 57-14 loss at Houston.
The quarterback says they have spent the majority of practice rehabbing their hamstring. They say their first goal is to get healthy and that they need to have some mobility to be able to play.
The Titans (2-2) are talking about whether or not to let Mariota take part in Saturday's walk-through. But a final decision might not be reached until 90 minutes before kickoff Sunday when inactives are due.
The Springboks are closely monitoring the fitness of Ross Cronjé and Siya Kolisi ahead of the first Rugby Championship Test against Argentina this Saturday, writes CRAIG LEWIS in Port Elizabeth.
Bok team doctor Konrad von Hagen confirmed on Monday that Cronjé's availability will be determined by their ability to take contact towards the latter part of the week.
Cronjé was involved in a fair portion of Monday's training session, but remained out of all contact situations as they look to fully recover from a shoulder injury sustained in the Super Rugby final.
Should Cronjé fail to recover in time, Rudy Paige may then slot in at No 9 considering that Francois Hougaard only recently returned to the squad from the Worcester Warriors.
Meanwhile, although Kolisi made a full return to training towards the end of last week after seemingly overcoming an ankle niggle, it was notable that the Bok vice-captain had to sit out a large portion of the team's afternoon training on Monday.
Towards the end of the session, Kolisi spent time on the sidelines with their ankle elevated while the Springboks went through several training exercises against members of the EP Kings squad.
While it may well have just been a precautionary measure, the Boks will be desperately hoping that Kolisi is able to get back to full training on Tuesday, with the Springbok vice-captain seen having a word with coach Allister Coetzee after Monday's session.
In Kolisi's absence, fit-again Jaco Kriel ran alongside Oupa Mohoje and Uzair Cassiem, who could be set to slot into a new-look loose trio on Saturday.
ALSO READ: Boks' back-row dilemma
Hooker Malcolm Marx has been struggling with a bruised shoulder, but the way they got through Monday's training suggests they should be able to take up their place in the front row, while Beast Mtawarira appears to have fully recovered from a neck injury.
Notably, Handré Pollard was another player who looked in good knick as they got stuck into training on Monday, but Von Hagen said they would not be considered for selection just yet after a lengthy spell of injury problems.
It could pave the way for Curwin Bosch to feature on the bench as flyhalf cover for Elton Jantjies, with Frans Steyn no longer in the squad after fulfilling that role against France in June.
The Boks' intensity and accuracy certainly looked impressive in their first training session of the week, where consultant Brendan Venter continued to have a noticeable input.
Venter, who is a practising doctor, even had to come to the aid of a Kings player who was involved in a thundering collision during one of the Bok drills, which left them having to be helped from the field
The Springbok team for this weekend's Test is set to be named at 14:00 on Thursday.
Photo: Michael Sheehan/Gallo Images
The United Nations Staff Union says 32 people working for the world body were killed in the line of duty in 2016, including 26 peacekeepers.
The union's security committee said Tuesday that in the past five years almost 240 U.N. personnel have died in deliberate attacks.
Last year's death toll was lower than in 2015, when at least 51 U.N. and associated personnel were killed in the line of duty, the highest number ever recorded by the committee.
For the third year in a row, the committee said, the greatest loss of life in 2016 was in Mali, where at least 23 U.N. personnel were killed by ambushes, landmines and bombings.
The committee called on Secretary-General Antonio Guterres to mobilize resources to ensure the safety of U.N. personnel.
Father's Day is never easy for those who have lost their fathers.
"The Chew" co-host Daphne Oz announced on Instagram last February that their family was "heartbroken" after losing their father-in-law Sretko Dimitric to cancer.
Oz, 31, has been married to John Jovanovic since 2010. The couple has two children and recently announced they're expecting a third -- a baby girl -- next year.
“ ” We didn't tell them because they feel too young...
The eldest child of Dr. Oz told ABC News that this Father's Day they and their husband plan to keep Dimitric's "memory alive for as much as we can."
It may feel like business as usual for their two children -- 3-year-old Philomena and 1-year-old Jovan -- since Oz hasn't broken the news that their grandfather passed away.
"We didn't tell them because they feel too young to really talk about that so we talk about them all the time," Oz explained of their decision. "And that's probably what we'll do on Father's Day too -- just remember him."
A post shared by D A P H N E O Z (@daphneoz) on May 29, 2017 at 6:47pm PDT
Oz, who is the face of the public awareness campaign TurnAfter2, which reminds parents to keep their children rear-facing in car seats until they're 2 years old, doesn't care if other parents don't understand their decision.
"The Happy Cook" author said she's dealt with many judgmental parents, especially on social media.
"I have gone through phases where I go through every comment [and it] warrants a response and then I'm like, 'My God, I don't need to justify to you how I choose to spend my time, or how much I love my kids; how much I love my family," they said.
as a mom, it can be hard to keep track of changing safety protocols. I've partnered with @chicco.usa to take the guesswork out of one important issue – how long to keep your child rear-facing in the car. #TurnAfter2 is an easy way to remember to only turn your child forward-facing AFTER their second birthday. learn more at TurnAfter2.com #AD ??? A post shared by D A P H N E O Z (@daphneoz) on May 15, 2017 at 9:47am PDT
They also recalled what their own father has taught them over the years.
"He's endlessly curious," they gushed. "As their child, we were always very aware that he'd outwork everybody else. [He'd always say], 'Talent means nothing if you're not willing to work hard.'"
Kansas City Chiefs running back Kareem Hunt (27) runs away from Washington Redskins cornerback Bashaud Breeland (26) during the second half of an NFL football game in Kansas City, Mo., Monday, Oct. 2, 2017. (AP Photo/Ed Zurga)
NEW YORK (AP) — Baltimore linebacker Za'Darius Smith and Washington cornerback Bashaud Breeland have been fined $18,231 by the NFL for hits last weekend.
Smith was called for roughing the passer after hitting Pittsburgh's Ben Roethlisberger in the Ravens' loss to the Steelers.
Breeland made a horsecollar tackle of Kansas City running back Kareem Hunt in the third quarter of the Redskins' loss to the Chiefs last Monday night.
Oakland punter Marquette King was docked $9,115 by the league after they threw a football at a Denver Broncos player following a failed fake punt. They were penalized 15 yards for unsportsmanlike conduct.
Jacksonville linebacker Paul Posluszny was fined $9,115 for taunting Jets linebacker Dylan Donahue after Donahue got hurt during a punt when they hit the Jaguars veteran.
Philadelphia's Vinny Curry and Indianapolis' Jonathan Hankins were also fined $9,115 — both for unnecessary roughness.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
First-hand wartime testimonies and poetic fragments from Syrians, collected by Wendy Pearlman. Donate to order this gift now!
"A beacon of hope in the darkest of times." -- Sarah Jaffe. Donate to order this gift now!
14:07 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Cotton candy machines serve a new purpose Read more
Scientists discover new and innovative ways to create artificial organs using cotton candy machines. ► ◄ Last Briefs
JUNEAU, Alaska (AP) — Philanthropist and Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen has announced that wreckage of a sunken military ship on which five brothers died in World War II has been discovered in the South Pacific.
A spokesperson for Allen confirms wreckage from the USS Juneau was found Saturday off the coast of the Solomon Islands.
The ship was hit by Japanese torpedoes in 1942, killing hundreds of men, including the five Sullivan brothers from Waterloo, Iowa.
Allen has an expedition team that has reported finding wreckage of other ships, including the aircraft carrier USS Lexington, also sunk during World War II.
The expedition team says in a statement it first identified the USS Juneau on Saturday using sonar technology and used a remotely operated underwater vehicle to verify the wreckage on Sunday.
The CEO of Baltimore-based sports apparel company Under Armour is responding to criticism they received after calling President Donald Trump "an asset to the country."
Kevin Plank wrote an open letter to Baltimore published as a full-page advertisement in The Baltimore Sun Wednesday. They wrote that their choice of words during an interview with CNBC last week "did not accurately reflect my intent." Three celebrities the company sponsors — basketball star Stephen Curry, actor Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson and ballerina Misty Copeland — were among those voicing concerns about their praise of Trump.
Plank says the company stands for equal rights and job creation and believes "immigration is a source of strength, diversity and innovation for global companies based in America." They say the company opposes the president's travel ban.
New York (AP) — Cotton No. 2 Futures on the IntercontinentalExchange (ICE) Monday:
(50,000 lbs.; cents per lb.)
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. (CBSNewYork) — Le'Veon Bell isn't saying he'd never play for the Jets. He's just saying they'd have to pay them significantly more.
The Steelers running back on Friday doubled down on their comment that $60 million guaranteed would not be enough for the soon-to-be free agent to sign with Gang Green.
Talking to WFAN's “The Afternoon Drive,” Bell said it would take $100 million guaranteed for them to come to New York.
“That's not personal against the Jets,” the three-time Pro Bowler said. “I want everybody to know that's not personal with the Jets. It's just like I need more if I'm going to play with the Jets because they ain't got no quarterback.
“I got nothing against the Jets. The Jets were my favorite team growing up. Like, I used to love Curtis Martin. They were my guy. I watched him. They were my favorite player. They made me love the Jets. It's nothing personal with the Jets.”
On Thursday, Bell responded to a Jets fan on Twitter who urged them to sign with the Jets saying they'd pay them $60 million in cash.”
🙄 that ain't enough to come run with the Jets… https://t.co/R0Ockg5Leh — Le'Veon Bell (@L_Bell26) February 1, 2018
Bell's response? “(T)hat ain't enough to come run with the Jets.”
Bell has said they don't want the Steelers to franchise-tag him. They added that they and Pittsburgh are closer in talks on a long-term contract than they were a year ago.
Hundreds of homes in the New Zealand city of Christchurch have been evacuated as wildfires threaten some suburbs.
Selwyn Mayor Sam Broughton tells The Associated Press he's planning to declare a state of emergency, as was the mayor of adjacent Christchurch. They say changing winds have made the fires unpredictable.
Displaced residents are staying at evacuation centers or with relatives.
A helicopter pilot died in a crash Tuesday while fighting the blaze.
The New Zealand military on Wednesday revealed the pilot, Corporal David Steven Askin, was a soldier who had won one of the country's top awards for bravery in Afghanistan. A member of the elite Special Air Service, Askin's identity was kept secret at the time they won the Gallantry Star medal.
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. & SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Silver Airways and Seaborne Airlines today announced that Silver's acquisition of Seaborne's business and assets has successfully closed, creating a leading independent airline to serve the Caribbean, Bahamas, Florida, and beyond.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005900/en/
The acquisition brings together two strong independent airlines with similar Saab 340B fleets, complementary route networks, and common codeshare/interline partners. With the upcoming deployment of Silver's recently announced new fleet of state-of-the-art ATR-600s across both networks, the combined airline will have an expanded range, allowing it to better serve passengers and markets while creating more opportunities for employees and greater value for its business partners.
“I am thrilled to welcome the Seaborne team members to the Silver family as together we create one of the nation's leading independent airlines in a transaction that will benefit our guests, team members, and the communities we serve, as well as both airlines' valued codeshare and interline partnerships with most major U.S. carriers,” said Silver Airways CEO Steve Rossum. “This transaction brings together two strong and historic independent airlines with amazing employees, an excellent track record of operational safety, respect for our people and our communities, and great service for our passengers.”
“We at Seaborne are excited about this partnership with Silver Airways and the opportunities that it can provide,” said Seaborne CEO Ben Munson. “Despite the devastating impact of Hurricanes Irma and Maria, our resilient and dedicated employees at Seaborne have successfully restructured our company with the support of our loyal passengers. We are well positioned to grow with an airline that shares our common goals of success, and are very pleased that San Juan and the U.S. Virgin Islands will continue to be significant for Silver and Seaborne.”
The combined airline will continue operating Silver's route network in the Bahamas, Florida, and beyond under the Silver Airways banner and Seaborne's route network throughout Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and the Caribbean under the Seaborne name. The total fleet now consists of 31 aircraft, including Saab 340 and de Havilland Twin Otter seaplane aircraft. Silver is also the North American launch customer for the eco-friendly ATR-600 aircraft in the U.S. Silver took delivery of the first 46-seat ATR-42 earlier this month and has a firm order for 19 additional ATR-600s and up to 30 additional purchase rights.
Tickets for Silver Airways will continue to be available on SilverAirways.com and bookings for Seaborne will continue on SeaborneAirlines.com. Seaborne passengers will be able to earn and redeem frequent traveler miles under Seaborne's SeaMiles program. Initially, Seaborne will continue to operate under its own certificate as a standalone operating subsidiary of Silver. The merger of the two airlines' operating functions, joint branding, and streamlining of the guest experience is expected to occur during the next year.
Steve Rossum of Silver Airways will serve as CEO of the combined airline. Ben Munson will resume their role as president of aviation consulting firm Embark Aviation, and continue as a valued advisor to the company. The combined airline will employ nearly 1,000 aviation professionals and will be headquartered at Silver Airways' offices in Fort Lauderdale under the leadership of executives from both Silver and Seaborne. Corporate and operations support functions will continue at locations in Fort Lauderdale, Orlando, Tampa, San Juan, and St. Croix, U.S.V.I.
About Silver Airways
Silver Airways is proud to be Florida's First Airline. As the first commercial carrier founded in Florida and still operating today, Silver has the most routes within Florida and between Florida and the Bahamas from its hubs in Fort Lauderdale, Orlando, and Tampa. Silver is a codeshare partner with United, JetBlue, and Avianca, and has interline agreements with American, Delta, Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, All Nippon Airways, Bahamasair, Hahn Air, and Azul. Silver operates a fleet of highly-reliable Saab 340 aircraft, and starting in 2018, Silver is renewing and expanding its fleet with up to 50 new eco-friendly ATR-600s. Silver is honored to be the North American launch customer for the all new, redesigned ATR-600 offering best-in-class quiet cabins, premium leather seats with more legroom, and spacious overhead bins that accommodate full-size, carry-on roller bags. Silver is owned by affiliates of Philadelphia-based investment firm Versa Capital Management, LLC. To learn more about the refined passenger experience coming soon to Silver, visit www.silverairways.com/destinations/atr42.
About Seaborne
Seaborne Airlines, the largest Caribbean based regional airline for over 25 years, operates iconic de Haviland DHC-Twin Otter seaplanes and an airport-based Saab 340B fleet that services the beautiful islands throughout the Caribbean. Seaborne is a codeshare partner with American, Delta, JetBlue, and Vieques Airlink, and has interline agreements with United and Hahn Air. With over 1,500 monthly departures to 12 airports, Seaborne serves San Juan's Luis Muñoz Marin International Airport, St. Thomas airport and seaplane base, St. Croix airport and seaplane base, Anguilla, Antigua, Dominica, Saint Maarten, St. Kitts, Tortola, and Nevis. Find information on Seaborne at: www.seaborneairlines.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005900/en/
CONTACT: Silver Airways
Media Contact:
Misty Stoller, 954-292-8169
mediarelations@silverairways.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES BAHAMAS NORTH AMERICA CARIBBEAN FLORIDA PUERTO RICO
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TRANSPORT AIR TRAVEL VACATION TRANSPORTATION OTHER TRAVEL
SOURCE: Silver Airways
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 10:45 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 10:45 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005900/en
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) — The Taipei City Government Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) announced Monday Dec. 11 that sulfur dioxide emissions from the Songshan Airport have decreased by 42 percent compared to last year.
The department has now proposed a tax on aviation fuel to encourage a continued reduction in emissions, reported CNA.
The Songshan Airport alone is responsible for 60 percent of Taipei City's air pollution.
In 2015 there was 900ppm of sulfur dioxide in aviation fuel at Songshan Airport and this year levels fell to 520ppm, a decrease of 42 percent.
The DEP pointed out that sulfur dioxide harms the respiratory tract, irritates eyes, and sours the soil in the form of acid rain. Sulfur dioxide particulate of only 2.5PM can still penetrate human lungs and gradually impact breathing.
The DEP suggested that the best way to keep efficiently minimizing air pollution is to reduce Songshan Airport's sulfur dioxide emissions by 8 percent a year.
The DEP will submit a proposal to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) that a tax be formally included in legislation. The DEP proposes that the tax be adjusted according to the amount sulfur dioxide in the fuel.
The money collected from the tax will be forwarded to local government administrations surrounding the Songshan Airport to help improve air quality.
A teenage Mississippi girl whose 9-year-old brother allegedly shot them over a video game has died, according to ABC Tupelo affiliate WTVA-TV.Dijonae White, 13, died at Le Bonheur Children's Hospital in Tupelo Sunday evening after the boy allegedly shot them in the head during an argument Saturday over the video game's controller, Monroe County officials told the station.Officers responded to the scene around 1 p.m. Saturday and learned that White's brother had allegedly grabbed a gun and shot their sister in the back of the head after they refused to hand over the controller, according to WTVA.The children's mother was in another room preparing lunch when the incident occurred, Monroe County Sheriff Cecil Cantrell told WTVA.It was unclear how the boy gained access to the weapon and whether they were custody, WTVA reported.The boy's name has not been released.Cantrell has no experience with such cases so they were unaware of what the consequences might be, they told the station.
Chad Bettis had trouble controlling their emotions as they took the mound for the first time since cancer treatment. They had no trouble controlling the Atlanta Braves' lineup.
Bettis threw seven impressive innings in their season debut Monday, thrilling the crowd as the Colorado Rockies beat the Braves 3-0 on a feel-good night at Coors Field.
Bettis scattered six hits, walked none and struck out two. They hadn't pitched in the majors since being diagnosed with testicular cancer in November.
"I don't think I was in tune to what was going on until the fifth," Bettis said. "So many emotions. I was trying to get them under control. It was taking much longer than what was expected."
Bettis had surgery for the condition, but tests in March showed the cancer had spread to their lymph nodes. They later underwent chemotherapy.
The journey to get back to the rotation was on their mind all day, but they were able to harness their emotions and put together a strong outing.
"From what everybody has told me about this fella, seeing what they did tonight didn't surprise me," first-year Rockies manager Bud Black said. "I'm sure it was emotional for him, their family, the people who he's close to, people with cancer that follow their path."
The 33,641 fans at Coors Field were cheering for Bettis before they threw their first major league pitch of 2017. The crowd rose as they walked in from the bullpen before the start, and gave a big cheer as they went out to pitch the first inning.
"You try to get your mind clear because of the task at hand, and then to be hit with that emotion, it was unbelievable," Bettis said. "Walking in, it was deep breaths."
Asked about trying not to think too much about this start in the days leading up to it, Bettis said, "It crept in this morning, when I woke up. Just thinking about everything that happened, everything my family and I have been through ... I was holding back tears until the start."
Reality hit in a hurry when Ender Inciarte led off with a triple past a diving Gerardo Parra in left, but Inciarte was thrown out trying to stretch it to an inside-the-park home run.
"It went from being incredibly high to, 'Oh no, we're about to be down 1-0.' I've never had a problem with guys laying out," Bettis said. "Parra tried to make a spectacular play and ended up still making a spectacular play."
The 28-year-old Bettis settled into a pitchers' duel with Atlanta starter Julio Teheran and pitched the way they did last year when they led Colorado in starts (32), wins (14) and innings (186). Bettis left for a pinch hitter in the seventh with the game still scoreless.
Bettis said they never had any doubt that they would return.
"The question was when was it going to be and what would it look like," said Bettis. "Was I going to be in the bullpen helping them back there, or was I going to be able to start.
"So the fact that I'm able to start again is exciting."
Colorado scored three times in the eighth off Rex Brothers (2-3), who relieved Teheran. The Rockies are tied with? Arizona?for the top NL wild card.
"You hate not to get that one for [Teheran]," Brothers said.
Mike Dunn (5-1) got the win and Greg Holland closed for their 35th save. Holland, who had blown their previous two save chances, gave up a single and a walk in the ninth before getting the last out.
Teheran allowed four hits and struck out eight in seven innings.
"I've been working to try and get back on track and today I feel like I had my best, like the old Julio Teheran that we're used to seeing," they said.
Charlie Blackmon led off the Colorado eighth with a triple. After an intentional walk, Parra singled through the drawn-in infield to put the Rockies ahead.
Carlos Gonzalez's two-run single off Jason Motte provided some insurance.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Braves: OF Matt Kemp (right hamstring strain) did some running and is scheduled to do more Wednesday. They will take Thursday off but could play Friday against? Cincinnati.
Rockies: OF-1B Ian Desmond (right calf strain) did some hitting and running on Colorado's recent road trip.
CRISIS AVERTED
The Rockies got a scare Sunday when All-Star 3B Nolan Arenado, who leads the majors with 100 RBIs, left the game in? Miami?after being hit on the left hand with a pitch. They and the team feared they broke a bone but X-rays showed only a bruise.
"I was a little surprised. I thought I broke it," Arenado said Monday. "It got super tight right after. Last time I broke my finger, and I've broken bones before, it gets super tight and it usually comes out broken."
Arenado didn't start but they pinch hit in the seventh, fouling out to first.
"I'm good to go. It hurts, but I've dealt with worse pain," they said. "It's not as swollen as we thought it was going to be. It's just pain tolerance."
BAYLOR TRIBUTE
Before the game, the Rockies honored Don Baylor, the club's first manager, with a video tribute and a moment of silence. Baylor, who managed Colorado for its first six seasons, died last week at age 68 after a 14-year battle with multiple myeloma. The Rockies hung their jersey in their dugout.
UP NEXT
Braves: LHP Sean Newcomb (1-7, 4.45 ERA) will make their 12th start of the season Tuesday.
Rockies: LHP Kyle Freeland (11-7, 3.70) returns from a left groin strain to make their first career start against? Atlanta.
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
All Times EDT EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 72 49 19 4 102 260 202 Boston 70 45 17 8 98 235 179 Toronto 72 43 22 7 93 243 204 Washington 72 41 24 7 89 225 214 Pittsburgh 72 41 26 5 87 237 218 Philadelphia 73 37 25 11 85 218 215 Columbus 72 39 28 5 83 200 199 New Jersey 72 37 27 8 82 217 215 Florida 69 35 27 7 77 210 216 Carolina 72 31 30 11 73 194 225 N.Y. Rangers 72 32 32 8 72 208 231 N.Y. Islanders 72 30 32 10 70 231 262 Montreal 72 26 34 12 64 182 230 Ottawa 71 26 34 11 63 197 244 Detroit 72 26 35 11 63 184 224 Buffalo 72 23 37 12 58 172 236 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Nashville 72 48 14 10 106 236 178 Vegas 72 46 21 5 97 244 199 Winnipeg 72 43 19 10 96 240 189 Minnesota 72 41 24 7 89 224 206 San Jose 72 40 23 9 89 219 199 Colorado 72 39 25 8 86 231 209 Anaheim 73 37 24 12 86 206 197 Los Angeles 72 39 27 6 84 207 181 Dallas 73 38 27 8 84 209 197 St. Louis 72 39 28 5 83 201 193 Calgary 73 35 28 10 80 202 217 Chicago 73 30 34 9 69 208 223 Edmonton 72 31 36 5 67 201 231 Vancouver 72 25 38 9 59 186 236 Arizona 71 23 37 11 57 170 228
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Colorado 5, Detroit 1
Vegas 4, Calgary 0
Tampa Bay 3, Edmonton 1
Carolina 4, N.Y. Islanders 3
Philadelphia 6, Washington 3
Winnipeg 4, Dallas 2
St. Louis 5, Chicago 4, OT
Anaheim 4, New Jersey 2
Monday's Games
Nashville 4, Buffalo 0
Columbus at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Montreal, 7:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Calgary at Arizona, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Columbus at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Dallas at Washington, 7 p.m.
Pittsburgh at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Edmonton at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Tampa Bay, 7:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Colorado at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Vegas, 10 p.m.
New Jersey at San Jose, 10:30 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Montreal at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Boston at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at Calgary, 9:30 p.m.
Thursday's Games
N.Y. Rangers at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Washington at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Edmonton at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Vancouver at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Vegas at San Jose, 10 p.m.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Jerusalem is examining ways in which Israel can provide assistance to Sierra Leone following the deadly mudslide that killed more than 300 people near the capital, Freetown.
The assistance will be through the Israeli embassy in Senegal and will include, among other things, clean water, medicines and blankets.
When it comes to chowing down on kale, Gideon Oji is once again the top dog, beating back a challenge from hot-dog-eating champ Joey Chestnut Oji gulped down 22 16-ounce bowls of the leafy green vegetable in eight minutes during Sunday's Kale Yeah! Competition at the Erie County Fair in New York. The kale was served raw with oil and vinegar.The contest is billed as the world's healthiest eating competition.Chestnut, of San Jose, California, consumed 20 kale servings.  They are the reigning hot dog-eating champion at the Nathan's Famous in New York City.Oji is Nigerian and now lives in Marrow, Georgia. They took the inaugural kale-eating title last year, consuming 25 servings.Sunday's event was an unlikely partnership between the Independent Health Foundation and Major League Eating.
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) — Several unions in Puerto Rico have sued a federal control board overseeing the U.S. territory's finances and are demanding that it be declared unconstitutional.
The lawsuit filed Tuesday in federal court also names the U.S. government and Puerto Rico's governor and seeks that a fiscal plan the board approved last week be suspended until the island's debt is audited. The fiscal plan contains several austerity measures that the local government has refused to implement.
In addition, the lawsuit states that two of the board's seven members should be removed because of an alleged conflict of interest. It also seeks that the board and Puerto Rico's government be temporarily barred from selling the island's power company.
A board spokesperson declined comment, saying it is an ongoing legal matter.
NEW YORK (AP) — Lidl, the German no-frills supermarket chain, is opening its first wave of stores in the U.S. this summer ahead of schedule, with plans to open up to 100 locations across the East Coast within a year. The details of the expansion, announced Wednesday, come as Wal-Mart and traditional grocery chains already are seeing a stronger threat from German low-priced retailer Aldi, which has been aggressively expanding. Both offer low prices by focusing on store-label products rather than name brands. Aldi has also been adding items to include gluten-free products and fresh produce. Lidl's first 20 U.S. stores will be opening in North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia, where the company established its first U.S. headquarters in 2015. Originally, it planned to open its first batch of U.S. stores no later than 2018. Lidl operates about 10,000 stores in 27 countries. Both Lidl and Aldi have been aggressively expanding in Europe. In the United Kingdom, a fierce price war has hurt Wal-Mart's Asda business as well as traditional local retailers. Aldi, which opened its first store in the U.S. in 1976, now has more than 1,600 stores in the U.S. and plans to increase that to nearly 2,000 by the end of 2018. It announced earlier this month that it's spending $1.6 billion on remodeling more than 1,300 of them.
Comments
comments
Virginia is now the latest state to start informing families enrolled in the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) that their coverage will be terminated unless Congress reauthorizes the popular health insurance program soon.
On Tuesday, the Virginia Department of Medical Assistance Services will be sending out a letter to 1,114 pregnant women and parents of the 68,495 Virginia children currently enrolled in FAMIS, the name for the state's children's insurance program.
“After delaying these notifications to give Congress as much time to act as possible, Virginia has a responsibility to these families to inform them of the possibility that their coverage could lapse so they can be as prepared as possible to explore alternatives,” said Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe in a statement.
The letter states Virginia's CHIP program will end on Jan. 31, 2018, unless Congress acts.
“For 20 years CHIP has had the strong support of Congress and has been renewed many times. We are hopeful that Congress will once again provide the funding to continue this program,” reads the letter. “However, because Congress has not acted yet, we need to let you know that there is a chance the FAMIS programs may have to shut down.”
The fear and pain that comes with these letters for parents across Virginia are heartbreaking—and frankly it makes me angry, because all of this was preventable. There is a bipartisan CHIP reauthorization that would pass if @SenateMajLdr would just bring it up for a vote. https://t.co/Yu9pPUBtgh — Tim Kaine (@timkaine) December 11, 2017
SolStock/Getty Images
Colorado was the first state to send a letter out to CHIP-enrolled families encouraging them to start making contingency plans for their health insurance.
According to an analysis by the Kaiser Family Foundation, 11 states -- California, Oregon, Idaho, Nevada, Utah, Arizona, Ohio, Mississippi, Pennsylvania, Connecticut and Hawaii -- anticipate running out of funding by the end of the year. Another 21 states, including Virginia, expect their funding to run out soon after the new year.
The two-week continuing resolution passed on Thursday allows for the temporary redistribution of funds by Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to states experiencing CHIP funding shortfalls. Seventeen states have received redistribution payments from October to December, totaling $1,161,888,184 per CMS.
“This continues to be a top priority for Chairman [Orrin] Hatch,” a Senate Finance Committee spokesperson told ABC News of CHIP reauthorization. “The Senate Finance Committee reported out a bipartisan bill that would extend funding for five years and provide certainty for families and states. The chairperson is continuing to make progress in their discussions on how best to address this issue on the Senate floor and remains confident this will be resolved before the year's end.”
But many states are concerned they're running out of time for families to figure out their finances and alternative health insurance plans.
“You keep hearing from Congress, sure they'll reauthorize it, of course they'll do it. But on the other hand, they don't seem to be taking seriously the consequences of the delay,” Linda Nablo, deputy director of Virginia's Department of Medical Assistance Services, told ABC News. “Causing the least amount of anxiety and chaos for families actually take a lot of work, and states can't continue to live on the promise, ‘We'll get around to it.'”
RYE, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) – A leak in Westchester County might mean millions of gallons of raw sewage are flowing into Long Island Sound.
As CBS2's Erin Logan reported, scientists are calling the problem in Rye “chronic.”
What could be sewage-contaminated water is spilling into Blind Brook, just steps from downtown Rye.
“By our estimates, over 4.5 million gallons of sewage-polluted water has entered Blind Brook to this point,” Peter Linderoth, of Save the Sound, told Logan.
They said an investigation began when a resident reported a foul smell coming from a catch basin on Locust Avenue in early December.
“The results of that sampling effort came back elevated, which is indicative of sewage contamination,” said Linderoth.
They said there are no signs of drinking water being affected but he's calling it a public health concern, as sewage-contaminated water can cause illnesses.
Given the time of year, Linderoth is hopeful people will stay away from Blind Brook. Located at Theodore Fremd and Elm Place, the brook flows through Rye into Milton Harbor and eventually Long Island Sound.
City Manager Marcus Serrano said he's well aware of the problem.
“We don't know if it's raw sewage yet. We're still under investigation,” they said.
The city admitted it's faced with a challenge, Logan reported. So far, it's tested residential and commercial sewer lines and there was no leakage found. Now, it's working with the New York State Thruway Authority.
“Our pipes run under I-95, along the train tracks, and then come back across I-95 – which is six lanes of traffic, plus the shoulder, plus the median,” said Serrano. “We actually hired a contractor that's going to go out there and scope and camera all the pipes to see if there is a break anywhere.”
Serrano said they hope to have some answers in the next few weeks. They assured residents that fixing the problem is the city's No. 1 priority.
The Department of Environmental Conservation told CBS2 it is keeping a close eye on the investigation.
Rye is already under the microscope after being fined $50,000 last May because of sewage overflow, which was unrelated to this problem.
LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--The third annual Children's Hospital Los Angeles Make March Matter fundraising campaign raised $2 million dollars, the hospital announced Tuesday. The campaign doubled its $1 million fundraising goal thanks to partnerships with 95 businesses in Los Angeles and the Coachella Valley who rallied community participation to give in support of critical, lifesaving care for children in Los Angeles.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005632/en/
Actors Patrick J. Adams and Troian Bellisario supported the Make March Matter campaign by volunteering at Children's Hospital Los Angeles on March 15, 2018. (Photo: Business Wire)
“Every year I am astounded by the level of compassion and generosity exhibited by the businesses and corporate partners and their followers in the community who support the Make March Matter campaign and help us fulfill our mission of creating hope and building healthier futures for our patients and their families,” says Children's Hospital Los Angeles President and CEO Paul S. Viviano.
“There was something for everyone with this year's campaign, which featured 40 events in 31 days and a variety of fundraising activities and opportunities from shopping to dining to exercising -- all in support of CHLA,” says Dawn Wilcox, vice president of Corporate Partnerships at CHLA.
Make March Matter was created by CHLA in 2016 as a way to identify a time of year devoted specifically to children's hospitals and children's health. The month of March was selected as it signifies the start of spring. And with the new season comes a feeling of hope, new beginnings, and life. This year Children's National Health System in Washington, DC joined the movement by launching their own inaugural Make March Matter campaign.
Numerous promotions and events highlighted this year's campaign including shopping events and promotions at Intermix and Theory, Calleen Cordero, Trina Turk and may more; CHLA-themed fitness classes at Cycle House, Orangetheory and Body by Simone; and Drybar donated 100 percent of proceeds for blowouts at their Culver City location. Teen fashion designer Grace Rose hosted a fashion show at The Americana at Brand and donated a portion of sales from their Rosie G clothing line, and the Los Angeles Kings and the Los Angeles Galaxy hosted special CHLA-themed games at Staples Center and the StubHub Center, respectively. For the third consecutive year, Panda Express earned top campaign contributor honors by raising $390,000.
“Our associates and our customers are passionate about helping Children's Hospital Los Angeles continue to offer groundbreaking medical treatment to the precious patients they treat,” says Peggy Cherng, Panda Express co-chair and co-chief executive officer. “I'm thrilled that their efforts raised $390,000 for the Make March Matter campaign.”
Celebrities who gave CHLA hands-on support throughout March include Patrick J. Adams, Victoria Arlen, Troian Bellisario, Jacey Duprie, Yael Grobglas , the KOST 103.5 Ellen K Morning Show team, Elliot Knight, Brooke Lyons, Lea Michele, Italia Ricci, Louise Roe, Becca Tobin and Patrick Schwarzenegger.
“We are so grateful for the enthusiasm and commitment from the businesses and the community extended to CHLA,” Wilcox says. “Thanks to their support, we can continue to provide expert medical care to the pediatric patients we treat.”
Make March Matter
Make March Matter is an annual fundraising campaign that builds awareness and support for children's health in Los Angeles. The campaign supports Children's Hospital Los Angeles—a nonprofit pediatric academic medical center dedicated to offering more than 350 specialty programs and services to help the health of children. The goal of the campaign is to raise money in support of Children's Hospital Los Angeles to ensure that all of its pediatric patients receive the critical lifesaving care they need.
About Children's Hospital Los Angeles
Founded in 1901, Children's Hospital Los Angeles is ranked the top children's hospital in California and sixth in the nation for clinical excellence with its selection to the prestigious U.S. News & World Report Honor Roll. Clinical care is led by physicians who are faculty members of the Keck School of Medicine of USC through an affiliation dating from 1932. CHLA is home to The Saban Research Institute, one of the largest and most productive pediatric research facilities in the United States. For more information, follow us on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn and Instagram, and visit our child health blog ( CHLA.org/blog ) and our research blog ( ResearCHLABlog.org ).
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005632/en/
CONTACT: Children's Hospital Los Angeles
Monica Rizzo, (323) 361-5745
mrizzo@chla.usc.edu
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: OTHER CONSUMER ENTERTAINMENT HEALTH CELEBRITY HOSPITALS OTHER HEALTH PHILANTHROPY CONSUMER FUND RAISING
SOURCE: Children's Hospital Los Angeles
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 07:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 07:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005632/en
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — The United Nations and the African Union are recommending a 44 percent cut in the number of peacekeeping troops in their joint force in Sudan's vast and troubled Darfur region and a 30 percent reduction in the international police force.
Assistant Secretary-General El-Ghassim Wane presented the proposals to the U.N. Security Council on Wednesday following a review of the 17,000-strong U.N.-AU force.
They said a decade has passed since the council decided to deploy the force, and the review found that over the past three years the conflict that led to the peacekeeping mission "has markedly changed."
Wane said a successful military campaign by the government has reduced the rebellion to "a small presence" of Sudan Liberation Army forces loyal to founder Abdul Wahid Elnur in western Jebel Marra.
The Preds said this week that Boston would be a good test to open the season and it was as the Bruins handed the Preds an opening season los…
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) -- Joe Cremo scored a career-high 31 points and Albany pulled away late in the second half to beat New Hampshire 83-74 on Saturday night.
Albany (18-7, 6-4 America East Conference) dropped a three-point decision to New Hampshire (9-15, 5-5) on Jan. 6, and now has won 10 of the last 14 games against the Wildcats.
The games were tied 54-54 when the Great Danes used a 20-10 run for a 74-64 lead with about three minutes left. Cremo scored 11 points and David Nichols made two 3-pointers during the stretch.
Cremo was 8-of-12 shooting and hit 11 of 14 free throws. Nichols added 18 points, Travis Charles had 14 and Greig Stire chipped in 10 for Albany.
Iba Camara had 20 points and 10 rebounds to lead New Hampshire, which has lost two straight and three of its last five games. Tanner Leissner added 15 points.
By Jessica Allen
We're almost to the exact midpoint of winter when the days feel their darkest and spring feels incredibly far away. Our cure? Head out of your apartment and into the wondrous, amazing things the city has to offer. Read on for our picks in the best in eating, drinking, and merrymaking this weekend.
COIL Festival 2018
Performance Space 22
150 First Ave.
New York, NY 10009
(212) 477-5829
performancespacenewyork.org
It's the last weekend of COIL, an annual festival designed to “explore the vitality of live performance . . . through contemporary artists from diverse genres, cultures, and perspectives.” (This year marks COIL's 13th anniversary.) Performers come from across disciplines, from dance to theater to multimedia art, and each one promises to excite and enthrall. The innovative work on display offers the ideal antidote to anyone's winter doldrums. Just go! Now through Sunday, February 4, see schedule for details, tickets required.
Thunderbird American Indian Dancers' Dance Concert and Pow Wow
Theater for the New City
155 First Ave.
New York, NY 10003
(212) 254-1109
theaterforthenewcity.net
Every year, more than 10 tribes from the Iroquois and Native Peoples of the Northeast, Great Plains, and Southwest regions come together in New York City to celebrate their cultures and traditions. At the 43rd annual concert and pow wow, scheduled performances include a shawl dance, hoop dance, deer dance, stomp dance, and a smoke dance, along with live music, storytelling, and traditional foods. Friday, February 2, through Sunday, February 11, see schedule for details and ticket info.
First Fridays
Frick Museum
1 East 70th St.
New York, NY 10021
(212) 288-0700
www.frick.org
New York boasts some of the greatest cultural institutions in the entire world. Avoid the sticker shock that sometimes comes when you go to pay by heading to the Frick's First Fridays. On the first Friday of each month, this museum throws open its doors to all who care to enter. The cost to you? Zip, zero, zilch. Along with walking around and soaking up the atmosphere, you'll be treated to talks from curators, live music and dancing, and sketching, with all materials provided by the Frick. Friday, February 2, 6 to 9 pm.
BAMkids Film Festival 2018
BAM Rose Cinemas
30 Lafayette Ave.
Brooklyn, NY 11217
(718) 636-4100
www.bam.org
Now in its 20th year, the BAMkids Film Festival gives you the chance to introduce the little ones in your life to the big screen. The festival shows age-appropriate fare from around the world, ranging from a documentary about the first African-American animator to be hired at Disney to a series of short cartoons centered around the theme of aviation to a hands-on class in puppetry. Saturday, February 3, and Sunday, February 4, see schedule for details and ticket info, appropriate for ages 3 to 11.
Gwendolyn Simmons' Soul on Ice Winter Skating Party
Lasker Rink
110 Malcolm X Blvd.
New York, NY 10026
(646) 698-3440
figureskatinginharlem.org
A benefit for Figure Skating in Harlem, the annual Soul on Ice Winter Skating Party not only lets you support an excellent organization, but also lets you suit up and glide. (Skate rentals are included in the price of admission.) For more than 20 years, FSH has “empower[ed] every young girl with the foundational academic, social[,] and leadership skills to achieve their dreams . . . combin[ing] the power of education with access to the artistic disciple of figure skating.” Saturday, February 3, 1:30 to 3:30 pm, $15, tickets required.
Time for another installment of Ask Alan, as I take your questions about the past, present, and future of TV.
It's a five-question video this week, and not just because I wanted extra excuses to shamelessly plug next week's release of Breaking Bad 101: The Complete Critical Companion.
First up, I talk about typecasting and the challenges of watching an actor who was indelible in one kind of role step into a completely different one. Then, I talk about why the rise of another Brady Bunch — a modestly-rated, critically-ignored show exploding in popularity years after it went off the air — seems less likely in the streaming era than in the days of syndicated repeats. Then, a reader asks if David Simon — who has now produced six different acclaimed HBO projects (The Corner, The Wire, Generation Kill, Tremé, Show Me A Hero, and The Deuce) — is the most important showrunner relationship HBO has ever had.
It's only in the last two where the Breaking Bad book plugging becomes really blunt, prompted by one question about shows that played differently when I rewatched them, and then a very direct question about what it might take to get future books along these lines about The Wire or Deadwood. (Hint: buying the current one, or Matt's Mad Men book, would really help.)
As always, you can email me questions at askalan@uproxx.com, or tweet at me with the hashtag #AskAlanDay.
With a longtime south London landmark reduced to singed rubble, firefighters are beginning their search Wednesday for what caused a half-million dollar blaze that levelled the former Hooks Restaurant.
Firefighters raced to the scene Tuesday evening when a fire broke out at the building on Old Wharncliffe Road at Southdale Road around 5:45 p.m., fully engulfing the structure and sending a plume of smoke into the air that could be seen for kilometres.
The massive blaze caps off a storied history for the former restaurant, a London icon for more than 80 years.
“It was like a destination to go to,” said local history buff Joe O'Neill. “Its location, for many, many years, served it well.”
Hooks Restaurant used to be outside the city, a place people would stop for lunch on the way to Port Stanley, O'Neill said. It was also a gateway to the city along Wharncliffe Road, a main route through the region before Highway 401 was built, they said.
“It really was a physical landmark for people who were travelling,” O'Neill said.
And Londoners too.
Share Hooks fire Tumblr Pinterest Google Plus Reddit LinkedIn Email
GALLERY: Hooks fire Runoff water flows like a river down the Southdale Road as firefighters work on the fire that destroyed the former Hooks Restaurant in London, Ont. on Wednesday May 30, 2018. Derek Ruttan/The London Free Press/Postmedia Network
Firefighters work on the fire that destroyed the former Hooks Restaurant in London, Ont. on Wednesday May 30, 2018. Derek Ruttan/The London Free Press/Postmedia Network
Runoff water flows like a river down the Southdale Road as firefighters work on the fire that destroyed the former Hooks Restaurant in London, Ont. on Wednesday May 30, 2018. Derek Ruttan/The London Free Press/Postmedia Network
Firefighters work on the fire that destroyed the former Hooks Restaurant in London, Ont. on Wednesday May 30, 2018. Derek Ruttan/The London Free Press/Postmedia Network
Runoff water flows like a river down the Southdale Road as firefighters work on the fire that destroyed the former Hooks Restaurant in London, Ont. on Wednesday May 30, 2018. Derek Ruttan/The London Free Press/Postmedia Network
Firefighters work on the fire that destroyed the former Hooks Restaurant in London, Ont. on Wednesday May 30, 2018. Derek Ruttan/The London Free Press/Postmedia Network
Firefighters work on the fire that destroyed the former Hooks Restaurant in London, Ont. on Wednesday May 30, 2018. Derek Ruttan/The London Free Press/Postmedia Network
Firefighters work on the fire that destroyed the former Hooks Restaurant in London, Ont. on Wednesday May 30, 2018. Derek Ruttan/The London Free Press/Postmedia Network
Three firefighters take a break from the action at the Hooks Restaurant blaze in London, Ont. on Wednesday May 30, 2018. Derek Ruttan/The London Free Press/Postmedia Network
A fire in south London broke out Tuesday at the former Hooks restaurant, generating thick billows of smoke. (DAN BROWN, The London Free Press)
A fire in south London broke out Tuesday at the former Hooks restaurant, generating thick billows of smoke. (DAN BROWN, The London Free Press)
A fire in south London broke out Tuesday at the former Hooks restaurant, generating thick billows of smoke. (DAN BROWN, The London Free Press)
Firefighters still on scene at Hooks restaurant at midnight Tuesday. (London Free Press photo)
Firefighters still on scene at Hooks restaurant at midnight Tuesday. (London Free Press photo)
Firefighters still on scene at Hooks restaurant at midnight Tuesday. (London Free Press photo)
Firefighters still on scene at Hooks restaurant at midnight Tuesday. (London Free Press photo)
Firefighters still on scene at Hooks restaurant at midnight Tuesday. (London Free Press photo)
O'Neill went to Hooks many times in the 1970s and '80s. “I don't think anybody my age has not been up there.”
The restaurant was a lively, happening spot for young people outside of the city and away from city police, O'Neill said.
Hooks closed down in 2010 but was reopened as a breakfast spot and later a sports bar.
Firefighters spent Wednesday dousing hot spots in the rubble.
“It was a very difficult and very stubborn fire for us to get at,” said Deputy Fire Chief Jack Burt.
Two workers were inside when the blaze broke out, but no one was injured, Burt said.
The fire department brought in an excavator around midnight Tuesday to knock down one of the walls so firefighters could battle the blaze.
The original building was erected in the 1930s, Burt said, but has had additions and renovations since.
“We had to remove some of the walls to get into the building itself,” Burt said. “There was a block wall around the building, aluminum cladding and then steel. When the building collapses in on itself, it traps heat and it causes the fire to continue to burn.”
The building was destroyed not only by the fire, Burt said, but also by firefighters' efforts to douse the flames – a reality that will make investigating the cause of the fire more challenging.
Hooks Tavern Restaurant located on Highway 2 at the Glendale Crossing, 1966. (London Free Press files)
“We're going through our pictures that we took last night, too,” Burt said. “With the assistance of police we're trying to determine the origin, cause and circumstance of the fire.”
The fire department called the Ontario Fire Marshal's office, but the provincial agency will not be sending an investigator of its own at this time, Burt said.
The Ontario Fire Marshal's office investigates all fatal fires and ones that are suspicious, at nursing homes or vulnerable residences, explosive-related, linked to drug activity or have a damage estimate of more than $500,000.
Though the investigation is in its early stages, Burt said damage to the former restaurant is pegged at more than a half-million dollar.
Tuesday's fire is the second at the landmark restaurant in less than a decade. In late December 2011, a fire broke out around 3:30 a.m. causing an estimated $100,000 damage. No one was hurt.
SAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Lumosity announced today that they are granting players unlimited, free access to their most popular game, Train of Thought. The game, which has been played half-a-billion times by 20 million people, is part of Lumosity's cognitive Attention category and specifically challenges divided attention. Previously, Lumosity games have been exclusively available to their registered free members and subscribers, with free members having access to a daily workout of three games. For the next week, new players can play Train of Thought without having to register for the full Lumosity program, while existing free members will have unlimited access to the game for seven days in addition to their daily workouts. The unlocked game is live now at https://www.lumosity.com/games-lp/train-of-thought-landing-page.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005040/en/
Lumosity's Train of Thought has been played half-a-billion times and challenges divided attention skills (Graphic: Business Wire)
“Lumosity was created with the aim of bringing research out of the lab and making brain training accessible to everyone,” said Steve Berkowitz, CEO of Lumos Labs. “Making Train of Thought freely available, without requiring registration or any other strings attached, takes that aim a step further than ever before, and we're excited to give new audiences a taste of brain training.”
First released in 2013, Train of Thought was designed by Lumosity's scientists, engineers and artists to challenge divided attention. Divided attention refers to the ability to simultaneously respond to multiple tasks or task demands, and the game asks players to direct an increasingly fast stream of trains to their corresponding stations. The game has 14 levels, and an analysis by the Lumosity Research team found that Train of Thought also challenges planning skills: the ability to plan ahead is correlated with players' likelihood of advancing to a higher level. Within a week of its initial release, Train of Thought became the program's most popular game, a status it has generally maintained since. According to an analysis from the Lumosity Data Science team, Train of Thought is especially popular among women, who also exhibit stronger planning skills in the game.
“Train of Thought's success hinges on its quality of being simultaneously challenging and rewarding, and it was designed with Bushnell's Law in mind: easy to learn, difficult to master,” said Berkowitz. “Even as we've expanded Lumosity to include Math and Vocabulary categories, Train of Thought remains the standard by which we measure our work.”
In addition to providing new and free players with unlimited access to Train of Thought, the company has also released a new Train of Thought Insight for subscribers. The Insight analyzes subscribers' performance on Train of Thought, calculating their planning scores and providing personalized, actionable pointers for mastering the game. Over the course of the next week, Lumosity plans to unlock the Insight for their free members, as well. For more information, please visit https://www.lumosity.com/press/news.
About Lumos Labs
Lumos Labs, maker of the world's leading cognitive training program, Lumosity, is on a mission to help people pursue their potential. With both free and premium memberships and over 90 million users in 180 countries, Lumosity has taken brain training out of the lab and made it accessible to people around the world. Adaptive and research-based, Lumosity challenges a broad range of mental abilities, including Memory, Attention, Math, Vocabulary and Mindfulness. Additionally, the company's partnerships with over 100 researchers have produced more than 20 peer-reviewed publications to date, in an effort to advance human cognition and cognitive training. Lumosity is available at lumosity.com and as a mobile app on iOS and Android.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005040/en/
CONTACT: Lumos Labs
Brandon Stander
bstander@lumoslabs.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: EDUCATION OTHER EDUCATION TECHNOLOGY INTERNET SOFTWARE MOBILE/WIRELESS RESEARCH SCIENCE
SOURCE: Lumos Labs
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 11:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 11:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005040/en
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Art curator Diana Larrea has been called the “Princess of Miami Street Art” because of their role in the increasingly relevant urban art movement. The Peruvian born photographer documents the street art scene of Miami and, according to her, “the walls have become the news.”
Larrea began photographing the street art in their city in 2010 and over time they came to know the artists behind the murals and paste-ups as well. Their stories and where they came from jumped out at them and held their attention. Now, they can't go anywhere in Miami without craving fresh art.
“I'm always discovering new murals,” Larrea says. “It's the best when I discover them running.”
A regular runner through the sunny streets of Miami, Larrea finds something new to love about their city every time they lace up their shoes. It's their favorite way to get inspired, even if it doesn't lead to the most cohesive runs.
“Sometimes I have to stop running to read something,” they explain. “It just gets your attention. ”
Currently, Larrea is particularly interested in raising the voices of females in the street art community. They view it as their duty. Women are having their day in the street art world and if Larrea can show how hard they work they feel she'll be doing their part for the betterment of everybody. Join us as we follow them through the streets of Miami — and get acquainted with their bold mission.
Interest Successfully Added
We'll notify you here with news about AlertTag
Turn on desktop notifications for breaking stories about interest?
The Ministry of Environmental Protection has fined the Port of Haifa to the tune of 2.2 million shekels ($570,000) for its flagrant disregard of air pollution regulations.
Among the violations cited in the fine are improper unloading of materials in the port, resulting in dust hazards; a failure to install equipment to prevent dust hazards; and a failure to take proper samples of air-dust levels.
The violations in question occurred during September and October of 2014 during the unloading of raw materials.
The Port of Haifa also failed to install a centralized monitoring system, as required, to ensure that proper procedures were followed. In addition, no samples for pollution were taken from the surrounding area during the years 2013 and 2014, again in violation of the Environmental Protection Ministry's directives.
“We take very seriously every act that violates the law and harms the environment and the public health,” said Environmental Protection Minister Zeev Elkin (Likud). “Nor will we hesitate in the future to vigorously enforce the environmental protection laws against any [polluter], big or small. If you pollute, you'll pay.”
The Federal Reserve banks of Atlanta and New York lowered their forecasts for U.S. economic growth, Reuters reports. Urban Land Magazine shares ULI's latest survey results, showing excess supply and rising interest rates are keeping real estate economists “cautious.” These are among today's must reads from around the commercial real estate industry.
For $25 -Also,has a chat bot now. Message it for stories and more. Check out the new SourceForge HTML5 Internet speed test!
Office of Government Ethics Director Walter Shaub Jr. is calling on the chairperson of House Oversight Committee to become more engaged in overseeing ethics questions in the Trump administration.
In an interview with NPR on Monday, Shaub said public inquiries and complaints involving Trump administration conflicts of interest and ethics have been inundating their tiny agency, which has only advisory power.
"We've even had a couple days where the volume was so huge it filled up the voicemail box, and we couldn't clear the calls as fast as they were coming in," Shaub said. Their office is scrambling to keep pace with the workload.
But while citizens, journalists and Democratic lawmakers are pushing for investigations, Shaub suggested a similar level of energy is not coming from the House Oversight Committee, which has the power to investigate ethics questions, particularly those being raised now about reported secret ethics waivers for former lobbyists serving in the Trump administration.
Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz, a Utah Republican, has "authority to investigate these things and compel responses, so hopefully we'll see some action from him," Shaub said.
"OGE, however, has no investigative authority, so we're limited as to what we can do if these waivers are not being released publicly," they said.
Chaffetz' office said they had no comment.
The New York Times, in collaboration with ProPublica, published a story on Saturday saying Trump has been filling the White House and federal agencies with former lobbyists, lawyers and consultants, and has been generously waiving ethics requirements without even posting the waiver information on the Government Ethics website.
But while Chaffetz has generally been quiet on Trump-related ethics issues, the public has been hammering OGE with questions and complaints.
How big is the jump in public contacts, such as calls, letters and emails? During the six months between October 2008 and March 2009, as the Obama presidency was taking shape, the OGE got 733 contacts.
During the October 2016 to March 2017 period, it got 39,105 contacts from citizens — an increase of 5,235 percent.
Comparing those same two time periods, the number of Freedom of Information Act requests — typically from journalists and public-interest groups — shot up to 280 from 39. That's an increase of 618 percent.
Shaub said that, for example, when a top Trump adviser recommended certain fashion lines on Fox & Friends, the public outcry and media interest rocketed up.
"When Kellyanne Conway had endorsed Ivanka Trump's product line, our phones rang off the hook, and they practically melted the system," they said. "This is a level of attention that we haven't seen before in terms of public interest."
Shaub said Trump is correct when they say, as they did back in January, that presidents technically are not covered by law from having conflicts of interest. "I have a no-conflict situation because I'm president," Trump said at the press conference. They added, "I didn't know about that until about three months ago, but it's a nice thing to have."
There are ethics rules that do apply to members of their administration, though. Those are the ones keeping Shaub's small staff busy, according to the director.
"When you get 39,000 calls coming into a 71-person agency, the best they can do is log the calls," they said.
The statistical analysis, comparing the Obama and Trump eras, have not previously been released. Shaub says their office is "understaffed right now," compared with the massively increased workload involving FOIA requests and the congressional requests, coming mostly from Democrats. "I've never seen anything like this," they said.
Still, the office is keeping up with the advisory work — trying to guide Trump appointees on ethics laws and suggesting solutions to conflicts of interest they may face. Other routine business, such as doing staff training or writing new guidelines, has been put on hold as the staff focuses on moving along Trump staffers, they said.
New mom Tori Spelling has had $700,000 docked from their bank account by U.S. tax officials to cover an outstanding lien.
The former Beverly Hills, 90210 star, daughter of multi-millionaire TV mogul Aaron Spelling, and their husband Dean McDermott have been struggling financially for some time, and last summer, the couple was slapped with a federal tax lien for an unpaid bill relating to earnings from 2014.
According to the New York Post's Page Six, that amount has finally been settled after authorities at America's Internal Revenue Service (IRS) had the funds withdrawn from Tori and Dean's accounts.
The news emerges three weeks after Dean settled their support case with their ex-wife, Mary Jo Eustace, after they were threatened with jail if they failed to pay up.
Tori and Dean, who welcomed their fifth child in early March, are also facing legal action from American Express bosses after failing to pay off their credit card debts, and were sued by officials at City National Bank in December over an unpaid loan.
Photo Credit: Warner Bros. Pictures
Yes, you read that correctly. Harry Potter! Arrested! Weed!
Advertisement
But no, I'm not elliptically referring to Daniel Radcliffe. And I'm not operating under some delusion that Harry Potter and their lot exist—although, in the midst of our current national nightmare, I have often fantasized about Hogwarts. I'm referring to Harry Potter, a 19-year-old from York, England, who was found in possession of marijuana, as well as cash presumably earned from selling it.
There are of course many dumb, wizard-related jokes to make, but I'm afraid I'm a spoilsport. That said, I invite the rest of you to bask in the possibilities.
Advertisement
According to USA Today, Potter was riding their moped—go ahead, pause to make a broomstick joke—when a police officer stopped him, alerted by “a strong smell of cannabis.” After discovering the weed and cash, the officer arrested Potter, and their case was sent to trial.
Apparently Potter's lawyer argued that their client wasn't really dealing, just procuring extra pot for their friends and charging the same price they had paid. But I don't think anyone is especially invested in the nitty-gritty details of Potter's legal troubles—he just has an unfortunate name. Or perhaps it has worked to their benefit! If they began a weed delivery service, he'd have plenty of options for a logo, and of course Potter offers some wordplay opportunities.
In any case, I release you to the comments, where you may make merry with this information. I think we can all agree, however, that wizards probably have far better drugs than muggles.
Sponsored
(Oh, and for what it's worth: multiple sorting hat quizzes, including the Pottermore one, have told me that I'm a Ravenclaw.)
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
LONDON (AP) — The eurozone economy, for so long a source of uncertainty, has enjoyed its best year in a decade, clear evidence it has broken out of its prolonged and acute debt crisis that raised fears about the very survival of the euro currency.
In its first estimate for the fourth quarter, Eurostat, the European Union's statistics agency, said Tuesday that the eurozone expanded by 0.6 percent in the October-December period from the three months before.
That more-than-healthy level of growth means that for the whole of 2017, the eurozone economy expanded by 2.5 percent, its best performance since 2007, when it grew 3 percent. The eurozone even grew faster than the U.S., which expanded by 2.3 percent.
In the decade since 2007, the eurozone has had to grapple with one crisis after another, starting with the financial crash of 2008 that prompted the deepest worldwide recession since World War II. That exposed the weak underbelly of the eurozone — the state of the public finances in a number of member economies.
Four countries — Greece, Ireland, Portugal and Cyprus — had to be bailed out by their partners in the eurozone and the International Monetary Fund, and in return they made deep budget cuts to get their public finances into shape, hitting their economies hard. The Greek economy, for example, shed around a quarter of its output, and saw unemployment and poverty levels ratchet higher.
It's only recently that fears of a eurozone break-up have eased. Greece, notably, is set to emerge from its bailout era this summer, eight years after it first faced potential bankruptcy.
With fears of a break-up of the eurozone largely evaporated, confidence across the bloc has risen. That's evident in the fact that growth isn't just reliant on the big economies of Germany and France. Stronger growth is being recorded in those countries that were at the forefront of the crisis and that's helping to bring down unemployment, potentially reinforcing the recovery even more.
Following the defeat of several populist political movements in elections in 2017, such as in France and the Netherlands, there are fewer fears about the prospect of anti-euro politicians taking the helm. Meanwhile, the recovery has been boosted by the European Central Bank's massive stimulus program and its move to slash interest rates.
But the growth boon is not just about improvements in the eurozone. The global economy, in particular trade, is on the up, and that's supporting the eurozone's exporters.
That combination of positive factors is widely expected to hold in 2018 and growth is anticipated to come in around 2017's level. Two potential headwinds are the recent appreciation in the value of the euro, particularly against the dollar, which makes eurozone exports less competitive in international markets, and the prospect of less monetary stimulus from the ECB.
MOSCOW (AP) — Russian President Vladimir Putin has told the country's athletes to forget about doping scandals when they compete at the Pyeongchang Olympics.
As punishment for what it deemed a doping scheme during the 2014 Sochi Olympics, the International Olympic Committee has invited 169 Russians to compete under a neutral flag using the name "Olympic Athletes from Russia."
At a meeting with athletes at their presidential residence outside Moscow, Putin says "I wish you not to think about anything which has recently accompanied your preparation for these Olympics."
They add that they hope they "focus on sporting competition, and that you know that following you, as usual, are hundreds of thousands, millions, of fans who love you and hope you win."
President Reuven Rivlin received this morning (Monday) at their residence in Jerusalem, the "2016-17 Strategic Survey for Israel" produced by the Institute for National Security Studies (INSS).
On receiving the report, President Rivlin said, “The ‘Strategic Survey' always considers elements of uncertainty. However, this year more than ever uncertainty is especially high. There is a new president in the US about whose policies toward the Middle East, Israel is yet to learn. At the same time the political agenda in Europe, elections in France, Germany, and more, raise the level of uncertainty and we need to be ready. Uncertainty is always a recipe for risk, and also for opportunities and we need to know how to deal with it - and utilize it - wherever possible.”
They continued, “As long as there is a high level of uncertainty, there are things that will not change, and the central issue which will not disappear even if we close our eyes to it is the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. We must begin to think practically, to allow us to build the conditions for future agreements with the Palestinians. There is no other choice, we must begin to think ahead, how we can get out of the political stalemate. Included in this Strategic Survey are a number of articles and ideas, which open horizons to real practical thinking on building the conditions for future agreements with the Palestinians."
Close Get email notifications on John Wayne Ferguson daily!
Your notification has been saved.
There was a problem saving your notification.
Whenever John Wayne Ferguson posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.
Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Massachusetts Rep. Joe Kennedy III says it would be easy to dismiss the first year of President Donald Trump's presidency as "chaos" marked by partisanship and politics.
But Kennedy says Trump has caused serious problems for the American people, including proposals that target Muslims, transgendered people and others.
Kennedy, who is delivering the Democratic response to Trump's State of the Union address, said in excerpts released early that the Trump administration "isn't just targeting the laws that protect us — they are targeting the very idea that we are all worthy of protection."
In apparent reference to Trump, Kennedy says "bullies may land a punch" and leave a mark but have "never managed to match the strength and spirit of a people united in defense of their future."
The 37-year-old Kennedy, a three-term member of congress and grandson of former attorney general and senator Robert F. Kennedy, has argued that Democrats should focus on the economic worries of working-class voters who bolted the party in the 2016 elections.
Kennedy was set to deliver the speech from a vocational high school in Fall River, Massachusetts, a onetime manufacturing hub now struggling with high unemployment and other problems.
Fall River demonstrates the value of that message, they said: "Fall River has faced its share of storms. But people here are tough. They fight for each other. They pull for their city."
Kennedy was elected to the House in 2012, returning the family to Congress two years after the retirement of Rhode Island Rep. Patrick Kennedy, the son of Joe Kennedy III's great-uncle Ted.
Known mostly for their famous last name, Kennedy's selection has been criticized by some as tone-deaf at a time when sexual harassment of women and the Black Lives Matter movement are at the forefront of Democratic politics.
Still, Kennedy outlined a Democratic vision, touting a "better deal for all who call this country home."
Democrats support a higher minimum wage, paid leave for employees and affordable child care, among other priorities, they said.
A former Peace Corps volunteer, Kennedy was an assistant district attorney in two Massachusetts districts before being elected to Congress. They have focused on economic and social justice in Congress and has advocated on behalf of vocational schools and community colleges and championed issues such as transgender rights and marriage equality.
To illustrate that message, Kennedy invited U.S. Army Staff Sgt. Patricia King, a transgender woman, as their guest to the State of the Union. King, an infantry squad leader at Fort Lewis, Washington, was the first person to have gender reassignment surgery paid for by the military.
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
Kid Rock's name has reportedly been thrown out as a potential Republican contender for Michigan Democrat Debbie Stabenow's Senate seat next year.
According to Roll Call, Rock's name was brought up at a Michigan Republican Party convention last weekend. There have been no official decisions announced yet. Billboard reached out to the musician's rep for comment but did not receive a response.
In the past, Rock has been a vocal supporter of Republican candidates, having described their politics as "more libertarian." Last year, Rock got behind Donald Trump's winning presidential bid to perform at the Republican National Convention and in 2012 they performed at a Mitt Romney rally in Michigan during their run for President. They even began selling Donald Trump merchandise in their online store, including shirts that read "God, Guns & Trump" and "Make America Badass Again" hats.
Stabenow has held office since 2000 and though the state is still considered to lean Democrat, it did go to Trump in the 2016 election. Maybe another free-spoken celebrity such as Rock could see similar success.
Apple will still be here in 2075, according to company co-founder Steve Wozniak, and Google and Facebook will be alive and kicking, too. Woz made their prediction over the weekend ahead this year's Silicon Valley Comicon and its “The Future of Humanity: Where Will We Be in 2075” theme.
In an interview with USATODAY Woz said,
Apple will be around a long time, like IBM (which was founded in 1911),” Wozniak said in an interview on Friday. “Look at Apple's cash ($246.1 billion, as of the end of its last fiscal quarter). It can invest in anything. It would be ridiculous to not expect them to be around (in 2075). The same goes for Google and Facebook.
It's easy to discount what Woz said because he's been out of the loop at Apple for decades. When they were there, their primary interest was designing computers, not running a business.
Still, Woz relishes the world of technology and has a passionate vision for where they see that taking us. Apple has already played a significant role in shaping the technology we use every day, and considering so many companies take their design cues from the company it's likely that won't change any time soon.
Predicting Google will still be here in 2075 seems like a fairly easy prediction, too, since the company dominates online searches today. Facebook also seems to have a pretty good chance at sticking around.
Expecting these companies to be the same as they are today in 58 years, however, is off base. Apple has changed dramatically since its start in 1976. First it was a PC company, then it branched out into music, followed by phones, and now wearables.
Word on the street says Apple is working on getting into the entertainment industry, augmented reality, smart car technology, and health. As long as Apple keeps its eye on where the puck is headed, so to speak, it ought to be able to keep disrupting markets for decades.
Google and Facebook have diversified, too, and that's what's going to keep both moving forward. Google could be our complete data hub, while Facebook is working on being our only news and communication platform.
Did Woz nail their predictions? We'll have to check back in 58 years to find out.
ISTANBUL (AP) — The Latest on Russian President Vladimir Putin's trip to Syria, Egypt and Turkey: (all times local):
10:15 p.m.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has criticized the U.S. administration's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, warning that it could destabilize the region and derail the Middle East peace process.
Speaking Monday after a hectic day that took them from a Russian base in Syria to Cairo to Ankara, Putin said the Trump administration's move "doesn't help the Mideast settlement and, just the opposite, destabilizes the already difficult situation in the region."
The Russian leader added that it may "finish prospects for the Palestinian-Israeli peace process."
They added that Moscow believes the status of Jerusalem can only be settled through talks between the Palestinians and Israel in line with United Nations resolutions.
___
8:15 p.m.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has arrived in Ankara to meet their Turkish counterpart, following visits to Syria and Egypt.
Putin and President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan are meeting Monday evening to discuss developments in Syria and the Middle East, as well as bilateral relations, according to the Turkish president's office.
Putin and Erdoğan met several times this year and regularly talk on the telephone as they and Iran work to broker a solution in Syria.
Relations between the two countries were tense after Turkey shot down a Russian fighter jet for violating its airspace in 2015. But the two have since restored bilateral relations.
Putin and Erdoğan are expected to hold a joint news conference after their meeting.
A new study attempts to put to rest one of the most common questions we hear in 7 On Your Side - what is the best time to buy a plane ticket?CheapAir.com crunched the numbers , based on 917 million airfares.They found there is no real difference in airfare when youthe flight, so you can find a deal any day of the week. However, there is a difference inyou fly.The cheapest flights can be found by traveling on a Tuesday or Wednesday. By contrast, Sunday is the most expensive day to fly.CheapAir found that opting for a Wednesday over a Sunday flight will save you, on average, $76 a ticket.The website also found that prices change about 62 times per trip - which is roughly every five days.In 2017, the bestto buy was about 70 days in advance.Global wine production in 2017 hit a historic low, which means the price you pay at the store may go up.The International Organisation of Vine and Wine report found production especially dropped in countries like Italy, France, Germany, and Spain, because of poor weather conditions last year.Demand for wine kept growing last year, with the U.S. coming in at number one for wine consumption.Experts told CNN the impact will most be felt by winemakers who charge less per bottle - because they have a lower profit margin and can't absorb changes in supply and demand as easily.Automaker Audi announced a massive international recall of cars and SUVs, because of problems with the electric coolant pumps. The pumps can overheat and potentially catch fire.The recall impacts 390,000 vehicles in the U.S. and Canada. It includes the following models, all with two-Liter turbocharged engines:2013 - 2016 Audi A42013 - 2017 Audi A52012 - 2015 Audi A62013 - 2017 Audi Q5 SUVIn government documents, Audi says the pumps can become blocked with cooling system debris, or moisture could cause an electrical short.Dealers will provide pump replacements at no charge. The redesigned pumps won't be available until November. In the meantime, dealers will install a new version of the current pump.
Marilou Danley, the girlfriend of Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock, said in a statement on Wednesday that they were “devastated” by the tragedy.
Marilou Danley, the girlfriend of Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock, said in a statement on Wednesday that they were “devastated” by the tragedy.
Danley's attorney, who released their statement, said that they hadn't spoken out sooner because they wanted to cooperate with the Las Vegas Police Department and the FBI. They noted that they were willing to share with law enforcement everything that they knew about Paddock.
“I am devastated about the deaths and injuries that have occurred. My prayers go out to the victims and their families and all those who were hurt by these awful events,” their statement said.
Paddock took at least 58 lives and injured hundreds more on Sunday night in what is being called the deadliest shooting in modern U.S. history.
Danley's statement addresses their relationship:
“I am a mother and a grandmother and my heart breaks for all who have lost loved ones. I knew Stephen Paddock as a kind, caring, quiet man. I loved them and hoped for a quiet future with him. They never said anything to me or took any action that I was aware of that I understood in any way to be a warning that something like this was going to happen.”
Danley also elaborated on the widespread reports that Paddock had sent them money:
“A little more than two weeks ago, Stephen told me they found a cheap ticket for me to the Philippines and that they wanted me to take a trip home to see my family. Like all Filipinos abroad, I was excited to go home and see family and friends. While there, they wired me money which they said was to buy a house for me and my family.”
Danley “was grateful” for the gifts, they said, but thought the “unexpected trip home and the money was a way of breaking up.”
“It never occurred to me in any way whatsoever that they were planning violence against anyone,” they said in their statement.
They were not in the United States when the attack happened and returned to Los Angeles late Tuesday. They were interviewed by FBI agents on Wednesday.
Danley's statement ends by reiterating their desire to cooperate fully and then asks for some privacy: “Anything I can do to help ease suffering and help in any way I will do. Please respect my privacy and my family's privacy.”
Danley has been described by police as a “person of interest,” although they have not been charged with any crimes.
Eric Paddock expressed similar surprise at their brother's actions, telling The New York Times that they “couldn't be more dumbfounded.”
Stephen Paddock was reportedly verbally abusive to Danley at times.
CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — The same jury that last month unanimously found Dylann Roof guilty in the slayings of nine black parishioners at a South Carolina church is returning to court to begin contemplating their punishment.
With the 22-year-old representing himself, the process is sure to be unconventional. But even if Roof is sentenced to death, it's highly unlikely he'd be executed anytime soon.
While prosecutors plan to call up to 38 people related to the nine people killed and three who survived the June 2015 slaughter during Bible study at Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, Roof said last week they plan on calling no witnesses and presenting no evidence.
Roof was found guilty last month on 33 federal charges, including hate crimes and obstruction of the practice of religion. A jury took less than three hours to return its verdict, and a judge dismissed the jury for a break over the holidays.
Typically in what's known as the sentencing phase, defense attorneys call relatives and other witnesses to testify about their client's unsteady state of mind before and during the crimes. Given that background, the defense hopes, a jury might be more likely to spare the defendant's life and opt against the death penalty.
But Roof, who is acting as their own attorney, has said they plan to do no such thing.
In their journal, which was read in court during their trial, Roof said their doesn't believe in psychology, which they called “a Jewish invention” that “does nothing but invent diseases and tell people they have problems when they don't.”
Roof also seems to be determined to try to keep evidence embarrassing to them or their family out. Not only did they take over their own defense, but they asked the judge at a hearing Wednesday if they could file a motion limiting what prosecutors can introduce.
Roof also was adamant that a transcript of a hearing where they were found mentally competent not be released to the public.
“I know this is not a legal argument, but the unsealing of the competency hearing defeats the purpose of me representing myself,” Roof said at last week's hearing.
Neither Roof, nor U.S. District Judge Richard Gergel nor prosecutors have given specifics on the evidence Roof is objecting to.
On Thursday, Gergel ordered another competency evaluation of Roof “in an abundance of caution,” after their standby counsel filed a sealed motion again questioning Roof's mental ability to proceed. The judge's order specified they saw no reason to delay Tuesday's start of the penalty phase.
On Monday, over the objection of an attorney representing media outlets including The Associated Press, Gergel ordered the competency hearing to be closed to the public. Saying he'd have to sequester jurors if they opened up the proceedings, the judge promised to release a transcript after Roof is sentenced.
“This is an incredibly sensitive moment in this proceeding,” Gergel said. “We are putting in the hands of 12 people the life and death of a person.”
Roof's lawyers tried repeatedly both to stop them from being their own lawyer and to work mental health-related evidence into the first phase of their trial, saying they feared Roof fired them because they feared the attorneys would present evidence that would embarrass them when trying to save their lives.
Prosecutors objected at every turn, and Gergel wouldn't allow any of it into court, ruling mitigation evidence is allowable during sentencing and not before.
Court papers show prosecutors are expected to present evidence showing that Roof picked their victims because of their race, killed them to incite more violence, showed no remorse and killed three particularly vulnerable people who were 70 years old or older.
Evidence speaking to Roof's mental state, one expert argues, could make the difference between life and death.
“The Dylann Roof case is a classic example of the type of problem you can have when an obviously mentally ill or emotionally disturbed defendant is permitted to represent himself,” said Robert Dunham, executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center. “There's a huge difference in the eyes of a jury between someone they perceive as evil or despicable and someone they perceive as being seriously mentally ill. … If you take mental health out of it, you are putting a thumb on the scale of death.”
Both the judge's decision to allow Roof to represent themselves and waive the introduction of mental health evidence are sure to be raised in an inevitable appeal, Dunham argued.
Roof also faces nine murder charges in state court, where prosecutors have also said they will seek the death penalty in a trial likely to begin sometime next year.
Whether he's sentenced to death or not, it's unlikely Roof would be executed anytime soon, in either jurisdiction. The federal government hasn't executed anyone since 2003, and there are years of appeals between a death sentence being levied and carried out.
South Carolina's death chamber hasn't been used since 2011, due at least in part to a lack of availability for the drugs the state uses for lethal injection.
___
Associated Press writer Jeffrey Collins contributed to this report.
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--, a global procurement intelligence advisory firm, has announced the release of their ‘ .' The insights and data in this report provide a strategic analysis of the supply markets, factors influencing purchasing decisions, procurement best practices, pricing models, supplier landscape, and an analysis of the supplier capability matrix for the . This report breaks down the data and analysis behind the procurement of vaccines contract manufacturing services and acts as an all-inclusive guide for making smart purchasing decisions.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006195/en/
Vaccines Contract Manufacturing Services Procurement Report. (Graphic: Business Wire)
“Increasing immunization coverage, need for new vaccines, and the rise in prevalence of chronic diseases are the factors which will influence the growth of contract manufacturing services market,” says SpendEdge procurement analyst Anil Seth. “Also, North America accounts for the largest share in the market, owing to the presence of a large number of CMOs,” added Anil.
Looking for more insights from this report?
SpendEdge sample reports are free of charge and provide insights that focus on cost-saving aspects of procurement and optimization of category spend.
Procurement analysts at SpendEdge highlight the following top three market trends that are contributing to the growth of the Global Vaccines Contract Manufacturing Services Market:
Paradigm shift to disposable bioreactors Use of VLPs as antigen-carriers during vaccine development Transition from egg-based to cell-based manufacturing
This report is available at USD 1000 discount for a limited time only:
Paradigm shift to disposable bioreactors
In the vaccines contract manufacturing services market, the suppliers are shifting toward disposable reactors, as it helps to save time and reduce the chances of cross-contamination. It also helps the buyers eliminate the need for cleaning.
Use of VLPs as antigen-carriers during vaccine development
VLPs are considered as the viral structural proteins that mimic the natural authentic virus. The use of VLPs will help the biopharma companies develop vaccines against lethal viruses such as influenza and Norwalk virus.
Transition from egg-based to cell-based manufacturing
In the recent years, the vaccines contract manufacturing market is witnessing a transition from egg-based to cell-based manufacturing. The cell-based manufacturing ensures faster and easier production as compare to egg-based manufacturing.
to gain detailed insights into the current market trends.
Get unlimited access to all our reports. Our Insights platform provides ready-to-use procurement research reports, the latest supplier news, innovation landscape, markets insights, supplier tracking, and much more at the click of a button.
We also reports meeting clients' requirements.
Related Reports:
About SpendEdge
SpendEdge shares your passion for driving sourcing and procurement excellence. We are a preferred procurement market intelligence partner for Fortune 500 firms and other leading companies across numerous industries. Our strength lies in delivering robust, real-time procurement market intelligence that helps to source and procurement professionals make informed decisions. These innovative procurement solutions help enterprises transform structural capabilities, improve execution efficiency, and fast-track time to savings.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006195/en/
CONTACT: SpendEdge
Anirban Choudhury
Marketing Consultant
US: +1 630 984 7340
hello@spendedge.com
KEYWORD:
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: HEALTH INFECTIOUS DISEASES PHARMACEUTICAL MANUFACTURING OTHER MANUFACTURING GENERAL HEALTH
SOURCE: SpendEdge
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 03:31 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 03:31 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006195/en
MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) — Marin Cilic felt more than prepared to face Roger Federer in a Grand Slam final for the second time in six months.
Last year at Wimbledon, they were hobbled by a blister on their foot and couldn't play their normally attacking style of tennis. Frustrated by not being able to perform in the moment, they put a towel over their head during a changeover and broke down in tears. They went on to lose in straight sets.
There were no tears after their five-set loss to Federer in the Australian Open final on Sunday — at least, none from Cilic — but the big-serving Croatian player was frustrated nonetheless. This time, by the decision to close the roof at Rod Laver Arena before the match because of the extreme heat in Melbourne.
The tournament referee made a late call to close the roof and Cilic said it was tough to acclimatize to playing indoors after practicing outdoors earlier in the day when the temperature reached a high of 38 Celsius (100 Fahrenheit).
"I have to say that decision, could it have been different? I guess so. I think that it was just little bit difficult to adjust, especially the beginning of the match," Cilic said. "With the roof closed, it was way, way cooler than I expected. That was very, very difficult, especially for the final to be in that kind of situation."
Cilic did have a poor start to the match, getting broken in their first two service games and dropping the set in just 24 minutes. Afterward, they aren't sure if the decision to close the roof gave Federer an advantage, but it clearly threw off their game.
"I had a slow start in the match," they said. "Then catching up most of the time."
After Cilic caught up and forced a fifth set, they had two chances for an early break in the first game that would have given them the lead — and continued their momentum. But they made two errors and let the chances slip away, then dropped their own serve twice as Federer ran away with the set.
Still, Cilic was pleased just to have made their third major final and coming oh-so-close to adding to their only Grand Slam trophy at the 2014 U.S. Open. They also believe he's closing the gap with the top players in the men's game — the so-called Big Four of Federer, Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray.
Literally speaking, he's closing the gap in the rankings, rising to a career-high of No. 3 next week, just behind Nadal and Federer, respectively. But Cilic thinks he's learning how to play better against them, too.
Their record against the Big Four is still a lowly 7-40 combined, including now 1-9 against Federer. But Cilic did get a win over Nadal when the Spaniard was forced to retire with a leg injury while trailing 2-0 in the fifth set of their quarterfinal in Melbourne. And then they took Federer to a fifth set.
"My ultimate goal is to reach No. 1," Cilic said. "Even in these last one or two years, the progress that I did is big. Last year, I improved a lot in different areas. Now in these last couple months, I improved even more. So that gives me big confidence."
They realize it will be tougher to make deep runs at majors when the injured Djokovic and Murray return to full strength, but he's ready for the challenge.
"No. 3 feels and looks amazing," they said. "I am continuing to improve. Big time ahead for me."
THE TOWN OF FARMVILLE WILL CELEBRATE NATIONAL NIGHT OUT NEXT MONTH. DARRELL MOODY HAS THE DETAILS…
FARMVILLE'S NIGHT OUT…SET FOR TUESDAY, AUGUST 7th. RESIDENTS ARE ENCOURAGED TO FIGHT CRIME BY HOSTING NEIGHBORHOOD BLOCK PARTIES. YOU CAN BOOK A VISIT FROM THE FARMVILLE POLICE DEPARTMENT AND McGRUFF THE CRIME DOG. LAST YEAR THERE WERE 9 DIFFERENT NATIONAL NIGHT OUT EVENTS IN NEIGHBORHOODS ACROSS TOWN…EARNING FARMVILLE 17th PLACE NATIONALLY AMONG COMMUNITIES WITH 15-THOUSAND OR FEWER RESIDENTS. TO PLAN YOUR NEIGHBORHOOD EVENT…CALL THE FARMVILLE POLICE DEPARTMENT BY JULY 21st.
A number of Easter activities were held around the city this past weekend. Children scooped up thousands of brightly colored plastic eggs containing candy or other prizes at the 2017 Family Faith Center Community Easter Egg Hunt Sunday. According to church pastor the Rev. Sam Segundo, 20,000 eggs were distributed. The entire hunt lasted less than 10 minutes. Volunteers worked to scatter 20,000 plastic Easter eggs for before the event. Before the hunt, the church held a community Sunrise Service and an Easter Worship service at Comanche Trail Amphitheater, led by Pastor Segundo.
Transcript for Teen crashes into Minnesota sinkhole
Yeah. Yeah. What. Good. It. And a.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Drivin' Pumas is the latest group to form in the Music City's eastern neighboring county, drawing members from several Wilson County Schools.
Lauren Kleeberg, 12, is the group's lead vocalist and attends West Wilson Middle School. Savannah Brewer, 14, joins Kleeberg as a vocalist and attends Mt. Juliet Christian Academy.
Jackson Pollard, 14, and Albert Sauter, 15, play bass and electric guitar, respectively. Pollard is a first-year student at Wilson Central High School, while Sauter is enrolled in Wilson County Schools' TVOLS program.
Thalle ø, 19, joins the group as a percussion specialist. If their last name appears unusual, that's because it's a Norwegian name pronounced “ough.”
“They are four elite musicians,” said Laura Brewer, Savannah Brewer's mother. “Their technique and artistry is three to four years ahead of their age. They are legit craftsmen.”
Three of the group members are students of Jim Critcher at Shiloh Music in Mt. Juliet.
“They're skilled musicians, and Lauren is strong enough to work with them to where they're strong enough to be impressive,” said Laura Brewer, noting the group had about 70 close family members and friends at the first show last weekend.
The group performed more than a dozen songs, including “Champion,” which Brewer said drives home a positive message.
“I believe young people today are struggling, and the idea behind the song is if they can make it through their battle, they can make it through anything,” they said. “These are good kids, and they have a solid message.”
Laura Brewer said the beauty of the group is each member is strong in a different genre, which allows diversity among songs.
“I told them if they didn't like the genre of one song, then just wait and one will come on that they love,” they said. “They're elite and ready to be heard.”
Drivin' Pumas plan to have another concert Sept. 9 at 7:30 p.m. at 4118 Smotherman Lane in Hermitage.
In this photo gallery, The Associated Press highlights some of the top images made during 2017 by photojournalists based in Latin America and the Caribbean.
Across the region, severe weather and natural disasters had fatal consequences. Mexico was struck by two deadly earthquakes and a string of hurricanes battered the Caribbean. Wildfires caused historic devastation in Chile and flash flooding surprised residents in Peru's desert capital, Lima.
Violence surged again in Mexico, with the resort city of Acapulco hit particularly hard. Brazilian police lost control of more of Rio de Janeiro's slums to gangs. Political unrest in Venezuela killed 369 people. A fire at an overcrowded children's home killed 40 girls in Guatemala, while domestic violence left scars on survivors across Argentina.
Despite all the bad news, the region's peoples found solace in their traditions and community. Peruvians dolled up in fantastical costumes for the Snow Star festival. Mexican indigenous in Chiapas worked to launch their first presidential candidate: a woman known as "MariChuy." And Pope Francis visited Colombia where the rebels of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia laid down their arms under the peace deal signed with the government.
In the world of sports, female boxers worked to pave the way to Cuba's first women's boxing team, and cowboys were bucked off horses in Uruguay. Latin America soccer darling Leonel Messi tied the knot in their native Argentina.
___
See all the photos at the AP Images photo blog, curated by photo editors Enric Marti, Dario Lopez, Leslie Mazoch and Anita Baca in Mexico City.
___
On Twitter:
Enric Marti: https://twitter.com/EFM1959
Dario Lopez: https://twitter.com/DarioLopezMills
Leslie Mazoch: https://twitter.com/LeslieMazoch
Anita Baca: https://twitter/com/LatDesk
AP photographers and photo editors: https://twitter.com/AP/lists/ap-photographers
After finally denouncing Nazis/white supremacists days after their first public comments on last weekend's violence in Charlottesville, President Trump got back to doing what they love: Signing paper, talking about how great the economy is, and trashing CNN reporter Jim Acosta. Trump took a couple questions from the TV pool reporter, which coincidentally happened to be Acosta, and it was about Trump's initial comments. Since Acosta was the day's designated TV pool reporter, Trump had no real chance to avoid one of their preferred media targets.
“Mr. President, can you explain why you did not condemn those hate groups by name over the weekend?” Acosta asked.
“They've been condemned,” Trump replied. “They have been condemned.”
“And why are not having a press conference today, you said on Friday you had a press conference..” Acosta continued.
“We had a press conference, we just had a press conference,” Trump said, possibly referring to the day's early on-camera appearance by Trump where they read prepared remarks about Charlottesville.
“Can we ask you some more questions then, sir?” Acosta asked.
“It doesn't bother me at all,” Trump declared. “But I like real news, not fake news. You're fake news,” Trump said while pointing at Acosta.
Trump then said thank you to everyone else before turning and slowly exiting the room.
“Mr. President, haven't you spread a lot of fake news yourself, sir?” Acosta asked to no response as Trump was already at the doorway.
The paper signed by Trump is a memo authorizing someone to investigate whether China has stolen U.S. intellectual property. Trump added, “This is just the beginning” while talking about the memo, which likely is the first of many steps the administration will take to pressure China on North Korea.
(Via CNN)
A Gazan couple have named their recently born triplets Jerusalem, Capital and Palestine in protest of U.S. President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
The couple is Nidal and Islam al-Saiqli from Khan Yunis in Gaza. The three babies -- boys Al-Quds (Jerusalem) and Filasteen (Palestine), and girl Asima (Capital) -- were born in December, two weeks after the Trump decision, reported AFP.
(Arutz Sheva's North American desk is keeping you updated until the start of Shabbat in New York. The time posted automatically on all Arutz Sheva articles, however, is Israeli time.)
Transcript for Dramatic video captures sounds of gunfire at congressional baseball practice in Virginia
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
The Latest on drive-by shootings in Italy (all times local):
9:10 p.m.
Italy's interior minister says the suspected gunman in the drive-by shootings of six African immigrants was immersed in "racial hatred" and had an extreme-right background with both neo-Nazi and neo-Fascist ties.
Interior Minister Marco Minniti told reporters in the central Italian city of Macerata that the suspect had acted alone Saturday but planned the attack in advance.
The suspect, Luca Traini, ran unsuccessfully with the anti-migrant Northern League party in a local election last year, and previously had been associated with the neo-fascist Forza Nuova and Casa Pound.
A photograph of Traini in police custody shows they have a tattoo associated with neo-Nazis on their forehead. According to the Anti-Defamation League, the Wolfsangel is an ancient runic symbol that was appropriated by Nazi Germany and later adopted by Neo-Nazis in Europe and the United States.
———
9 p.m.
Hospital officials say one of the six Africans wounded by a far-right Italian gunman has been treated for their injuries and released.
Authorities say five men and one woman were shot in a drive-by spree Saturday in the central Italian city of Macerata by suspect Luca Traini, 28. Italy's interior minister says the suspected gunman was immersed in "racial hatred" and had an extreme-right background with both neo-Nazi and neo-Fascist ties.
Of the other five victims, authorities said late Saturday that one was in intensive care, while the others had either undergone surgery or were scheduled to have surgery.
———
5:45 p.m.
Italian Premier Paolo Gentiloni has condemned the drive-by shooting spree targeting African immigrants in the central Italian city of Macerata, saying "hatred and violence will not succeed in dividing us."
Gentiloni said Saturday that "one thing is certain, that horrendous crimes and criminal behavior will be prosecuted and punished. This is the law."
Gentiloni also said Italy would be "particularly severe against whoever thinks of nourishing this spiral of violence," adding "we will stop it together."
An Italian man who has been politically active with the anti-migrant Northern League has been arrested in the drive-by shootings that wounded six people.
———
3:55 p.m.
Italian authorities have identified the suspected gunman who shot six African foreigners in the Italian city of Macerata.
They say they are Luca Traini, a 28-year-old Italian with no previous record. The news agency ANSA reported that Traini had run as a candidate for the anti-migrant Northern League in a local election last year in the city of Corridonia. They did not win.
A party spokesperson was not immediately able to confirm the affiliation.
A video posted by the newspaper il Resto di Carlino showed a man with an Italian flag draped over their shoulders being arrested by armed Carabinieri officers a short distance from where they apparently fled their car on foot.
Italian news reports said the man did a Fascist salute as they were arrested, but no salute was visible in the video.
———
2:10 p.m.
The mayor of the Italian city of Macerata says six foreigners have been wounded in a series of drive-by shootings, one of them with life-threatening injuries.
Mayor Romano Carancini told Sky TG24 that the victims were five men and one woman.
The suspect was identified as a 28-year-old Italian with no previous record. A motive for the shootings wasn't immediately confirmed, but it comes just days after the dismembered body of an Italian teenager was found in the city. The main suspect is a Nigerian immigrant.
Carancini confirmed that all of the victims in Saturday's shootings were black, and acknowledged that "the closeness of these two events makes you imagine that there is a connection."
———
1:15 p.m.
Officials in a central Italian city have confirmed that a suspect in drive-by shootings against foreigners has been apprehended.
The city of Macerata's Twitter account says the gunman has been captured about two hours after they began a shooting rampage from a black automobile. Macerata was the scene of a gruesome killing earlier this week of a white Italian woman. The chief suspect in that killing is a Nigerian.
Authorities had warned citizens to stay inside Saturday while the shooter remained at large. The number of victims hasn't been confirmed.
———
1:05 p.m.
Italian police say the victims of drive-by shootings in the central Italian city of Macerata are all foreigners, and the news agency ANSA say they are black.
Macerata was the scene of the gruesome killing of a young white Italian woman this week, whose dismembered remains were found in two suitcases. The chief suspect is a Nigerian immigrant.
Police haven't said how many people have been wounded in the shootings. The news agency ANSA said two of the injured were black, and that witnesses reported that the car was seen in the area where the woman's body was found.
———
12:55 p.m.
Italian police say a drive-by shooting has left wounded in the central city of Macerata, and authorities are warning citizens to remain indoors.
Police did not say how many were injured in the town, which has a population of 43,000.
Italian news reports said that the car contained two people. Macerata's mayor has urged citizens to stay indoors Saturday while the suspects remain at-large. The ANSA news agency reported four victims have been wounded while Sky TG24 put the number of wounded at two.
Sky said the shooting started around 11 a.m. (1000 GMT; 5 a.m. EST), and that students were being kept inside schools which are open on Saturday and public transport had been halted.
Transcript for The brazen new and old faces of hate in America
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
An international court ruling saying Costa Rica should allow same-sex marriage has upended the Central American nation's presidential race, turning an evangelical candidate who opposes it from an also-ran with just 2 percent in the polls into the leading contender in Sunday's vote.
Following last month's decision by the Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Fabricio Alvarado, a 43-year-old journalist with a prominent career as a preacher and Christian singer, vaulted to 16.9 percent in a survey published Jan. 31 by the University of Costa Rica's Center for Research in Political Sciences, or CIEP.
Alvarado's nearest rivals were Antonio Alvarez of the National Liberation Party with 12.4 percent, and Carlos Alvarado — no relation — of the governing Citizens' Action Party with 10.6 percent. If no candidate tops 40 percent in the vote, the first two finishers advance to a runoff scheduled for April 1.
The same poll showed that just over two-thirds of Costa Ricans oppose the court's ruling, which also tells the country to grant same-sex couples rights such as the ability to adopt children and receive inheritances and other benefits from their partners.
For deeply Roman Catholic Costa Rica, the gay marriage ruling came as an "external shock" to the campaign, political analyst Francisco Barahona told The Associated Press.
"Fabricio is a young candidate, well-spoken with a good on-camera presence, but they were also the only one who reacted in radical opposition to what the Inter-American Court proposed," Barahona said. That "put them on the radar for a good portion of the conservative electorate."
Alvarado has called the ruling a "sovereign violation" and an "external imposition" and even floated the idea of withdrawing from the OAS-sponsored rights court, which is hosted in Costa Rica's own capital, San Jose.
That won tacit approval from evangelical and Catholic leaders who, while prohibited from explicitly participating in elections in the country, have called on voters to back candidates with "Christian values."
About 76 percent of Costa Ricans identify as Roman Catholic and 14 percent as evangelical, according to the CIA World Factbook.
Ana Cecilia Sanchez, a 53-year-old office administrator, is one of many who say they are undecided but would not vote for a candidate who supports gay marriage.
"For me the issue of values and principles is very important for all society, because family is the basis of society. ... You ask yourself what will happen to Costa Rica if Christian values are lost," Sanchez said.
Adrian Pignataro, a political scientist at the University of Costa Rica, said the country has seen a marked erosion in party loyalty and this election has exposed a social divide between secular and religious values.
"It's not that this division is new, they are values that were there before, but in this campaign they were activated by an event and one party strategically came out in favor," Pignataro said.
Pignataro sees a parallel to the 2006 election, when voters were polarized by opposing visions on the economy: one that favored opening to the world amid trade negotiations with the United States, and another more protectionist approach.
Carlos Alvarado, who is not related to Fabricio, is also a young candidate at just 38, a journalist by profession who began their political career as communications director for the Citizens' Action Party and served as labor minister under current President Luis Guillermo Solis.
Their candidacy has been marred by corruption scandals involving people close to Solis' government and a lingering deficit problem.
But as the only major candidate openly backing same-sex marriage, Carlos Alvarado also saw their poll numbers rise about 5 percent recently as they attracted socially liberal voters who oppose Fabricio Alvarado's anti-gay marriage stance.
Alvarez, a 59-year-old agricultural business person, two-time president of the Legislative Assembly and former Cabinet minister under the first presidency of Oscar Arias in 1986-1990, is running on promises to create 150,000 jobs, decrease the deficit and modernize public transportation.
Alvarez has also opposed same-sex marriage, while supporting the idea of recognizing certain other rights for gay couples.
Lawyer and former Security Minister Juan Diego Castro was a front-runner as recently as December as a tough-on-crime candidate. But they fell to fourth in polls as some voters were turned off by their direct attacks during debates and after the gay marriage ruling in January.
Sunday's outcome is very much up in the air with more than two-thirds of likely voters undecided, according to the CIEP poll.
"None of them really grabs my attention," said Berlioth Hidalgo, a 35-year-old cleaning worker who has not yet fixed on any candidate. "In this country it's only fights, corruption, you don't know where the money goes, lots of poor children."
Voters will also be selecting the 57 delegates that make up the Assembly.
At long last, the 2017 MCLA season is upon us! We're only two weeks into the regular season, but big games are already coming.
For our first look in at the MCLA this season, let's peruse the biggest storylines, the best performances, and most important upcoming games.
Read All About It!
BYU wins a catfight
The Cougars took on Arizona in the biggest matchup of the first few weeks, and it was a doozy…if you're a BYU fan. Arizona never got an offense going as the BYU defense choked them out from the first whistle.
While Arizona had the majority of possessions, the Cougars, led by first-year student goalie Mason Moon, never allowed much to get going, and their offense shot super efficiently on their way to a 12-2 win. My preseason prediction was the BYU would be the scariest team in the RMLC, and this certainly strengthens their case.
After scoring 16 goals all season last year, junior attackman Tanner Johnson had 4 goals in this first game. Circle that BYU vs Cal Poly game as a huge one for predicting nationals.
Cal Poly's defense really is its best offense
Speaking of the Mustangs, they started off the season with a league win over Santa Clara. The most exciting part of the entire game was early, because senior goalie Sean Phil, a contender for the best goalie in the MCLA this season, kicked off the scoring for Cal Poly. With a 67% save rate and a goal to boot, Phil proved he's a force to be reckoned with this season, and Cal Poly will be too.
They got hat tricks out of midfielder Ryan Brown (no, not *that* Ryan Brown) and attackman Evan Hunter. The Mustangs are a bit of threat, and this win gives them an early lead in the WCLL.
Florida State dominates in the desert
Florida State missed out on nationals last season. In order to give something for the committee to remember this season, the Seminoles traveled out west to Arizona to take on both UA and ASU.
In back-to-back nights against top ten teams, the ‘Noles walked away 2-0, looking incredibly impressive along the way. Florida State's defense is really, really good. Junior goalie Anthony Cicio won the Commanding Performance of the Week after posting a 72% save rate in their first two collegiate starts, allowing only 12 combined goals between the two games.
Attackman Davis Goodman proved a force to be reckoned with as well, posting 10 points.
Watch out for Cal
The California Golden Bears were ranked 14th in the country to begin the season, but expect them to be shooting up the list after they dominated #11 UCSB last week.
In Memorial Stadium, the Bears beat the Gauchos 13-5, with Cal senior attackman Max McKone posting as many goals as the Gauchos. McKone, who earned the right to wear Cal's honorary #4 jersey, looks worthy, and so do the Bears.
Next Page: Biggest games of the week, Predictions + Poll
The US is the world's second biggest polluter after China (AFP Photo/JOSEPH EID)
Strasbourg (France) (AFP) - European Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker on Wednesday rejected US President Donald Trump's suggestion that the Paris climate pact could be renegotiated.
Trump's decision two weeks ago to pull out of the landmark pact was "a sign of abdication from common action", Juncker told the European Parliament.
Trump has made a vague suggestion that they could try to renegotiate terms with better guarantees for US industry.
"The European Union will not renegotiate the Paris Agreement," Juncker told the assembly in Strasbourg, France.
"Climate action does not need more distractions. We have spent 20 years negotiating. Now it is the time for action," they said.
Juncker said they saw "strengthened resolve" around the world to implement the deal, vowing to work with other US partners like the states of California and New York as well as China and Canada.
The Paris pact was signed by the United States and 194 other nations in 2015.
Juncker said EU climate commissioner Miguel Arias Canete would host talks with their Chinese and Canadian counterparts in September to forge ahead with implementing the pact.
Marshall Islands President Hilda Heine, speaking in Strasbourg, called for EU help in fighting climate change as their Pacific archipelago is exposed to climate-induced sea level rises.
Juncker promised not to let them down.
"Madame President, we will work to help your country continue to mark the beginning of our days. We will not allow the denial of the very few to be the end of the days of the Marshall Islands," they said.
The day after Trump announced Washington was pulling out of the Paris agreement, Juncker and European Council President Donald Tusk met with Chinese Premier Li Keqiang to support the Paris agreement.
But the two sides failed to endorse a joint statement because of a separate trade row that EU officials said did not undermine their determination to fight climate change.
The United States is the world's second-largest greenhouse gas emitter, after China, so Trump's decision could seriously hamper efforts to cut emissions and limit global temperature increases.
PANMUNJOM, South Korea (AP) — The White House displayed a tough and unyielding approach to North Korea and its nuclear ambitions Monday, with President Donald Trump warning that Kim Jong-un has "gotta behave" and Vice President Mike Pence sternly advising Kim not to test America's resolve and military power.
Trump, in Washington, and Pence at the tense Demilitarized Zone between North and South Korea, signaled a forceful U.S. stance on North Korea's recent actions and threats. But no one was predicting what might come next.
Behind the heated rhetoric, in fact, Trump's strategy in the region looks somewhat similar to predecessor Barack Obama's — albeit with the added unpredictability of a new president who has shown he's willing to use force.
Pence, inspecting the DMZ, warned Pyongyang that after years of testing the U.S. and South Korea with its nuclear ambitions, "the era of strategic patience is over." Appearing later with South Korea's acting president, Hwang Kyo-ahn, the vice president pointed to Trump's recent military actions in Syria and Afghanistan as signs that the new administration would not shrink from acting against the North.
"North Korea would do well not to test their resolve — or the strength of the armed forces of the United States in this region," Pence said at the start of a 10-day trip to Asia.
Pence's remarks also came with hope for a diplomatic path. Washington, they said, was looking for security "through peaceable means, through negotiations."
In the meantime, North Korea's deputy U.N. ambassador accused the United States of turning the Korean peninsula into "the world's biggest hotspot" and creating "a dangerous situation in which a thermonuclear war may break out at any moment."
Kim In Ryong told a news conference Monday that U.S.-South Korean military exercises being staged now are the largest-ever "aggressive war drill." They said North Korea's measures to bolster its nuclear forces are self-defensive "to cope with the U.S. vicious nuclear threat and blackmail," and they said their country "is ready to react to any mode of war desired by the U.S."
America's implied threat of force isn't new, nor is hope for engagement. Previous presidents have repeatedly left all options on the table while trying to enlist China's help to pressure North Korea to pursue diplomatic solutions. The Trump administration has labeled this policy "maximum pressure and engagement," although officials acknowledge there is no current engagement with Pyongyang.
Until recently, it has been Trump's confrontational tone that has drawn attention rather than their action. But then they ordered the unilateral missile strike against Syria, even after dismissing talk of deeper U.S. involvement in that nation's civil war.
"There is both greater unpredictability and decisiveness from President Trump," said Victor Cha, the director of Asian Studies at Georgetown University and a former adviser to President George W. Bush. Cha noted Pence's reference to "strategic patience," an Obama administration strategy in which diplomatic and economic pressure from sanctions were given time to change the North's behavior.
"Strategic patience signaled indecision and predictability — not a good combination in Trump's eyes," Cha said.
The White House did not offer a sense of when Trump's patience might run out.
"I don't think that you're going to see the president drawing red lines in the sand, but I think that the action that they took in Syria shows that, when appropriate, this president will take decisive action," White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said.
North Korea's latest missile test fizzled over the weekend, but its weapons development has appeared to make steady progress in recent years. The North conducted two nuclear test explosions and 24 ballistic missile tests in 2016, and experts predict it could have a nuclear-tipped missile capable of reaching the U.S. mainland within a few years.
Pence said after meeting with South Korea's acting president that the U.S. and its allies have attempted to "peacefully dismantle North Korea's nuclear program" for more than two decades. "But at every step of the way, North Korea answered our overtures with willful deception, broken promises and nuclear and missile tests."
Former President Obama, too, tried to persuade China to use its influence over Pyongyang.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Reality TV star Kim Kardashian West is en route to the White House to advocate on behalf of a great-grandmother serving a life sentence in prison.
That's according to a person familiar with the visit who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss it publicly.
Kardashian West has urged the president to pardon 62-year-old Alice Marie Johnson, serving a life sentence without parole for a non-violent drug offense.
She's been in touch with Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser. They oversee the administration's push to overhaul the nation's prison system.
It's unclear whether Kardashian West will meet with President Donald Trump, but the president often invites visitors into the Oval Office.
They tweeted Wednesday, "Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson. Today is for you."
Benefits of CHP
Financial Benefits of CHP
CHP represents a highly efficient use of fuel, which means lower energy costs for the user. In the UK, taxation benefits can be obtained through avoidance of Climate Change Levy (Good Quality CHP) and the possibility of Enhanced Capital Allowances for eligible organisations. Third party or supplier funding[ESCO] options for CHP means an organisation has the option of outsourcing the CHP system without capital outlay giving an immediate payback.
Emission Benefits of CHP
In the UK, the recent amendments to the Building Regulations, Part L2A and Part L2B seek to reduce both energy consumption and CO2 emissions by up to 28% compared to the 2002 regulations. All CHP schemes produce reduced emissions compared to the separate supply of mains electricity and traditional means of site heat production. A well designed and operated CHP plant can contribute significantly towards Part L compliance. Exhaust emissions are set at 500ppm (NOx), but can this be reduced to 250ppm as the new Medium Combustion Directive, whilst deploying the SCR this will reduce the CO2 being produced by the CHP plant.
The Cogeneration in the UK
26 April, London: join us at our Conference to discuss how businesses in the UK can protect their competitiveness by using #CHP.
Register now to this link: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/cogeneration-in-the-uk-the-energy-efficiency-choice-registration-42940708816?utm_campaign=order_confirmation_email&utm_medium=email&ref=eemailordconf&utm_source=eb_email&utm_term=eventname
This is a promoted article.
From The Trussville Tribune staff reports
TRUSSVILLE –The National Weather Service in Birmingham has issued a tropical storm watch for much of central Alabama, including Jefferson, St. Clair and Blount counties, ahead of Hurricane Nate.
The strongest tropical storm impact locally should come on Sunday, but rain chances will begin increasing Saturday with the possibility of precipitation reaching 80 percent Saturday night. Showers could continue through much of the day on Monday.
The watch area could see sustained winds in the 30 to 40 mph range with gusts up to 55 mph.
Rain totals could reach 4 inches in the Tribune coverage area.
Conditions could cause downed trees and power lines and produce rains that could lead to localized flooding. The threat of tornadoes cannot be ruled out. Residents should take precautions to protect pets and livestock and secure outdoor items.
Paul Manafort's supporters want to help them pay the bills.
Facing “tremendous legal costs” amid proceedings brought by the special counsel Robert Mueller, “longtime friends” of Manafort have set up a legal defense fund for the former Trump campaign chairperson.
“A gift by you will help Paul and their Team mount the strongest and most thorough legal defense possible,” according to a brief pitch on the website manafortdefense.org, which gained attention on Wednesday.
It was not immediately clear when the fund was started or by whom, beyond “longtime friends,” as noted by the website.
ABC News' inquiries to an email address on the fund's website were not immediately returned.
Manafort faces two criminal cases in Virginia and Washington, DC, both brought by Robert Mueller and their team of prosecutors as part of their investigation into Russian meddling during the 2016 campaign.
The charges against Manafort include bank fraud, money laundering, and other points of financial malfeasance. Manafort has pleaded not guilty to all charges.
In a November filing, Mueller's team revealed that Manafort submitted “a spreadsheet listing their total assets at approximately $28 million,” but added that the special counsel was unable to substantiate that figure.
Prosecutors with the special counsel's office have seized accounts linked to Manafort at three different banks, according to a court filing, and a federal judge in Washington, D.C., has repeatedly denied Manafort's attempts to back a $10 million bond set by the court, largely because of Manafort's complex finances and properties.
Charles Dharapak/AP, FILE
Neither the special counsel's office nor Manafort's attorney – who is under a gag order in the case – responded to a request for comment.
A legal defense fund called “the Patriot Legal Expense Fund Trust LLC” was established in February to benefit any individual who "was an employee, consultant, fundraised or volunteer" on behalf of President Trump's campaign, specifically to assist in legal expenses incurred by investigations led by Mueller's investigation or House and Senate committees. Trump and their immediate family members are excluded from receiving money from the fund.
It was not clear whether Manafort has received any money from the “Patriot” fund.
Trump's former national security advisor Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn and former Trump campaign political adviser Michael Caputo have both benefited from legal defense funds of their own. Manafort's longtime business associate, Rick Gates, who pleaded guilty to the special counsel's charges in February, has solicited donations to help pay their legal bills, too.
In an op-ed published this week in The Washington Times, former Trump campaign aide J.D. Gordon lamented the heavy financial toll for witnesses and targets of the various investigations into Russian meddling during the 2016 campaign.
“Nearly 50 Trump associates from the campaign, transition and administration have been called before the various congressional committees, special counsel and/or grand jury,” Gordon wrote. “We are collectively spending millions of dollars defending ourselves from intense interrogations and blatant perjury traps.”
Manafort is scheduled to go to trial in their case in Virginia in July. Their trial in Washington, DC is expected to start in September.
Trish Turner and Katherine Faulders contributed reporting
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018-- market research analysts forecast the to grow at a CAGR of above 4% during the period 2018-2022, according to their latest report.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006460/en/
Technavio has published a new market research report on the global smart ceiling fans market from 2018-2022. (Graphic: Business Wire)
In this report, Technavio highlights the innovation in product features and user interfaces as one of the key emerging trends driving the .
One of the key trends in the market is the development of innovative features and user interfaces. Smart ceiling fans are integrated with easy-to-use digital control panels and built-in energy-saving functionalities. Lately, they are being incorporated with remote control, Wi-Fi, and 3G or 4G connectivity. They can be controlled using mobile apps and be connected to mobile devices using Bluetooth. Smart ceiling fans use Wi-Fi and can rebroadcast both IR and RF signals from remote controls, which has the capacity to manage up to six ceiling fans. Innovation in terms of features and user interface will augment demand for smart ceiling fans during the forecast period.
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only:
Save more with Technavio. Buy2 reports and get the third for FREE:
In this report, Technavio analysts highlight the increased adoption of smart products as a key factor contributing to the growth of the global smart ceiling fans market:
Increased adoption of smart products
The fast-changing lifestyles and preference for convenience are driving consumers to adopt the latest technologies quickly. In recent times, the concept of controlling a household appliance through the Internet and smartphones is attracting considerable attention. Smart ceiling fans are designed precisely to provide convenience by offering the feature of unique remote location operability (using wireless connecting devices).
According to a senior analyst at Technavio for , “Consumers can easily operate and monitor the process by downloading the relevant app on their mobile devices and connecting the ceiling fans through Wi-Fi. Consumers can turn the ceiling fan on, before getting home from work or any place and turn it off from outside after forgetting to shut it down before leaving the house. Such features enhance consumer comfort and overall experience and attract them to networked lifestyles.”
Looking for more information on this market?
Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report such as the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more.
Global smart ceiling fans market segmentation
This market research report segments the into the following end-users, including residential and commercial and key regions, including the Americas, APAC, and EMEA.
Of the two major end-users, the residential segment held the largest market share in 2017, accounting for nearly 84% of the market. The market share for this end-user is expected to decrease by 2022. The fastest growing end-user is commercial, which will account for nearly 16% of the total market share by 2022.
APAC was the leading region for the global smart ceiling fans market in 2017, accounting for a market share of nearly 61%. However, by 2022, APAC is expected to continue dominating the market and register the highest growth rate.
About Technavio
is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions.
With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning across 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio's comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006460/en/
CONTACT: Technavio Research
Jesse Maida
Media & Marketing Executive
US: +1 844 364 1100
UK: +44 203 893 3200
www.technavio.com
KEYWORD:
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY INTERNET SOFTWARE HOME GOODS RETAIL
SOURCE: Technavio Research
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 03:16 PM/DISC: 04/24/2018 03:16 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006460/en
Miami Marlins' Marcell Ozuna, left, Ichiro Suzuki, center, and Dee Gordon, right, celebrate after defeating the Oakland Athletics 11-6 in an interleague baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Miami. (AP Photo/Lynne Sladky)
MIAMI (AP) -- Marcell Ozuna homered to start the Miami Marlins' comeback from an early four-run deficit, and they beat the Oakland Athletics 11-6 Wednesday to complete a two-game sweep.
Ozuna hit their 17th home run to start the second inning, added a double and had three RBIs. Tyler Moore hit their fifth homer and scored three times to help the Marlins overcome a wobbly outing by Edinson Volquez, who had a no-hitter in their most recent home start.
Ichiro Suzuki had a pinch-hit single in the fifth for their 365th interleague hit, breaking Derek Jeter's major league record.
Ryon Healy hit a three-run homer for the Athletics (27-38), who fell to 11 games below .500 for the first time. They went 1-5 on their trip and lost their ninth consecutive road series, their longest such streak since 1986.
Oakland lost after leading by three or more runs three times on the trip. Daniel Gossett (0-1) couldn't hold a 4-0 lead in their major league debut after being called up from Triple-A Nashville, and allowed seven runs, six earned, in 3 1-3 innings.
Volquez lasted only four innings and gave up four hits, four walks and five runs, four earned.
Kyle Barraclough (2-1), the first of six Miami relievers, pitched a scoreless fifth.
PITCHER HITTING
Gossett reached in the fourth on an infield single, their first major league hit and the first by Athletics pitchers in their past 27 at-bats over two seasons. They then scored on Jed Lowrie's double to put Oakland ahead 5-4.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Oakland: RF Matt Joyce left in the third, one inning after they cut their chin colliding with first baseman Yonder Alonso pursuing a popup, which Alonso caught.
Miami: LHP Braxton Garrett, the Marlins' top prospect, will receive a second opinion on their sore left elbow next week from specialist Dr. James Andrews. Garrett has been diagnosed with a partial tear of the ulnar collateral ligament and could require Tommy John surgery.
ROSTER MOVE
To make room on the roster for Gossett, 1B-OF Matt Olson was optioned to Nashville.
DRAFT PICK
The Marlins took the brother of Chicago Bears tight end Dion Sims in the 14th round of the draft. Demetrius Sims is a shortstop at Bethune-Cookman.
UP NEXT
Miami: The Marlins hit the road after winning for the 10th time in their past 12 home games. They begin a three-game series at Atlanta on Friday, when RHP Dan Straily (4-4, 3.89) will pitch against LHP Sean Newcomb (0-1, 0.00).
Oakland: The's return home for a four-game series against the Yankees beginning Thursday, when RHP Sonny Gray (2-2, 4.37) will face LHP Jordan Montgomery (4-4, 3.55).
---
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Was it an accident? Was it intentional? Who cares! Kris Dunn just pulled some AND1 Tour junk on Shabazz Napier, and it's fun to watch Napier's spirit leave their body as they turn to watch Dunn track down the dribble. You can almost hear their internal monologue. “Please don't dunk this and put me on highlights until I die.”
Unfortunately, even if Dunn heard said monologue they disregarded it entirely, like a waiter who definitely saw you put your finger up for service but who was too busy doing whatever it was they needed to do to come get you another drink. Look, we've all got things we have to do in this world, and Dunn had to embarrass Napier for the entire internet to see. Those are the rules.
Dunn then kicked the ball out for a made jumper by Gorgui Dieng, so it should live on in highlights for a little bit. Could you imagine if Dieng missed that shot? He'd never live that down.
The Trail Blazers won 95-89, proving that revenge is a dish best served … seriously, who cares? That assist should have been worth seven points and given Minnesota the win, and we're not hearing it any other way.
(Bleacher Report on Twitter)
South Korean prosecutors said Monday the daughter of the confidante of disgraced President Park Geun-hye has been arrested in Denmark and authorities are working to get them returned home in connection with a huge corruption scandal.
Park was impeached last month by lawmakers amid public fury over prosecutors' allegations that the president conspired to allow their longtime friend, Choi Soon-sil, to extort companies and control the government.
Denmark police arrested Choi's daughter, Chung Yoo-ra, on the weekend on charges of staying their illegally.
South Korea had asked Interpol to search for Chung because they didn't return home to answer questions about the scandal.
South Korea's Yonhap news agency reports that Chung, a former member of the national equestrian team, allegedly took advantage of their mother's relationship with Park to get unwarranted favors from Seoul's Ewha Womans University.
NEW YORK (AP) — Hillary Clinton is expressing regret about allowing a senior campaign adviser to keep their job after another worker complained in 2007 that they had behaved inappropriately.
Clinton put out a lengthy Facebook post Tuesday night saying that they wouldn't have let adviser Burns Strider keep their job on their 2008 presidential campaign if they had it to do over again.
They say that they took steps short of firing them that included demotion, docking their pay, requiring counseling and separating them from the woman.
The New York Times reported last week that they declined to fire Strider despite their campaign manager's recommendations.
Clinton says they believed that the punishment was "severe" and that they also "believes in second chances."
They say that "sometimes they're squandered."
HAMILTON, New Zealand (AP) — Scoreboard Tuesday after New Zealand's win in the second cricket test against the West Indies at Seddon Park:
____
New Zealand 1st Innings: 373 West Indies 1st Innings: 221 New Zealand 2nd Innings: 291-8 decl. West Indies, 2nd Innings (Overnight: 30-2)
Kraigg Brathwaite c Williamson b Boult 20
Kieran Powell c Southee b Boult 0
Shimron Hetmyer c Wagner b Southee 15
Shai Hope c de Grandhomme b Wagner 23
Roston Chase c de Grandhome b Wagner 64
Sunil Ambris retired hurt 5
Shane Dowrich c Nicholls b Wagner 0
Raymon Reifer c Williamson b Southee 29
Kemar Roach b Santner 32
Miguel Cummins c Boult b Santner 9
Shannon Gabriel not out 0
Extras (5lb,1w) 6
TOTAL (all out) 203
Overs: 63.5. Batting time: 283 minutes.
Fall of wickets: 1-4, 2-27, 3-43, 4-68, 5-80, 6-158, 7-166, 8-2-3, 9-203.
Bowling: Tim Southee 19-3-71-2, Trent Boult 16-1-52-2, Neil Wagner 15-5-42-3 (1w), Colin de Grandhomme 9-5-20-0, Mitchell Santner 4.5-0-13-2.
Toss: West Indies.
Result: New Zealand by 240 runs; wins two-test series 2-0.
Umpires: Bruce Oxenford and Rod Tucker, Australia.
TV umpire: Ian Gould, England. Match referee: Chris Broad, England.
FREEPORT, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — A Long Island daycare said it was blindsided Wednesday by a whistleblower lawsuit filed by a former coworker.
But as CBS2's Jennifer McLogan reported, Carousel of Learning has been cited for multiple violations. And now a lawsuit alleges unsanitary conditions and even child-on-child sexual abuse happened at the facility.
Worried parents came looking for answers Wednesday upon hearing that the Nassau County daycare could be in danger of losing its license.
“There was no one overseeing anything,” said former employee Shaniece Ford. “It was literally a zoo.”
Ford was fired, they said, for lodging complaints and reporting concerns to the state regarding Carousel of Learning – which has locations in Baldwin and Freeport.
Ford alleged that the children were given dirty utensils and moldy bread and pasta to eat. They said they also saw cockroaches and sinks and toilets.
Ford also said there was mingling of older and younger age groups that led to a horrific situation. They said they allowed their 4-year-old son to attend the programs at Carousel of Learning, but then a 10-year-old fondled their son on a Carousel school bus.
Upon finding out about that, Ford said they went to police, WCBS 880's Sophia Hall reported. Victim Services is investigating.
“My son's innocence is what breaks my heart, and all the kids' innocence,” Ford said, “I don't know that he's going to recover from this. I pray to God that they forget that this happened to him.”
Ford is among those suing Carousel under the labor law whistleblower statute.
“The reason we are bringing this lawsuit is as a shield to protect the most vulnerable in our society; to protect the students who are attending this daycare center,” said Ford's attorney, Ken Mollins.
Carousel of Learning released a statement late Wednesday calling the allegations baseless.
“Without so much as even the suggestion of evidence or allowing for due process, an allegation has been made by disgruntled former employees who know that facts are irrelevant when destroying the reputation of an institution whose mission is to provide a safe and healthy environment for children,” a spokesperson said in the statement. “In the wake of this baseless charge we welcome local and state authorities to conduct a thorough review of our facilities and we will be cooperating with any investigation that looks at these allegations.”
A Carousel manager also told McLogan by phone that they “absolutely deny these allegations, absolutely.”
Since 2015, Carousel has been cited for:
• Unsupervised children;
• Unregulated heat;
• Unsanitary conditions;
• Insufficient teacher-student ratio.
Carousel Claims the citations are about fines not being paid, and all violations have been corrected.
But other parents such as Shatya Brailsford pulled their children out of Carousel.
“I wouldn't suggest anybody to bring their kid there,” they said.
It is unclear how much time carousel will be given to comply. before the state acts on a possible license revocation.
Sony Pictures
The week between Christmas and New Year's has historically proven to be a gift to underperforming movies, and box-office history is littered with examples. In 2011, for example, We Bought a Zoo opened with a mediocre $9 million, but thanks to Christmas week, legged it out to $75 million domestic. Also, in 2011, Steven Spielberg's $135 million film The Adventures of TinTin looked like a bomb after opening with a $9 million weekend. It added nearly $50 million over the next two weeks and ended its run at $77 million (and nearly $375 million worldwide). In 2005, Jennifer Aniston's forgettable Rumor Has It opened with $3 million and was thought to be a flop, but over Christmas week and New Year's, the film added another $29 million and ended up with a respectable run.
The latest film to use the holiday week to revive itself is Jennifer Lawrence and Chris Pratt's Passengers, which opened with a tepid $22 million over its first five days. That's not a great number for a film that cost $110 million. In fact, it's the same number that Neighbors 2: Sorority Rising opened with over the summer before tapping out domestically at $55 million. In the last 8 days, however, Passengers has added $43 million to its domestic total and now looks poised to approach $90-$100 million domestically and should more than break even once worldwide grosses are accounted for. In fact, it looks like it grossed close to $60 million at the international box-office this weekend, so it may have already surpassed its budget. Not bad for a movie many were writing off a week ago as another expensive failure (that's not to say that the film isn't problematic).
Unfortunately, the holiday week isn't a huge boon for every movie. Assassin's Creed came out of its opening weekend with a paltry $10 million (against a $125 million price tag) and it's not doing any better in its second weekend, putting up only another $10 million to bring its overall gross to around $41 million, which is a far cry from what the studio was hoping for, and with no box-office legs, Assassin's Creed will be lucky to reach $60 million in North America. However, that's a bigger number than Warcraft, which ended is run with $47 million domestically. Thanks to worldwide box-office appeal, however, Warcraft is the biggest video-game adaptation in box-office history with $433 million. Look for a similar international run for Assassin's Creed, which is already putting up huge numbers in India, Germany, France, and Spain as it continues to roll out worldwide.
The $3.3 billion acquisition by SoftBank Group Corp., the Japanese telecommunications, internet and solar energy giant, of Fortress Investment Group marks tycoon Masayoshi Son's latest step in building an investment empire.
Son said the deal, announced by both sides Wednesday, will immediately contribute to their strategy for growth and complement their Softbank Vision Fund plan for investing in leading technologies including artificial intelligence and the "internet of Things," which links devices through the Internet.
"Fortress' excellent track record speaks for itself, and we look forward to benefiting from its leadership, broad-based expertise and world-class investment platform," Son said in a statement.
Tokyo-based Softbank has been aggressive in global acquisitions and has been seeking partners for its private fund for technology investments that it says may grow to $100 billion. Son appears determined to deliver on their promise to President Donald Trump to invest $50 billion in U.S. startups and create 50,000 jobs.
In buying New York-based Fortress, they are betting more on Fortress's wide ranging expertise and heft in global investment than on gaining any edge in the technology sector: the U.S. investment house has largely focused on finance and real estate, leisure industries, transport and other infrastructure.
Private equity accounts for nearly two-thirds of the company's investments.
Softbank's shares jumped 1.6 percent Wednesday in Tokyo trading. Shares in Fortress were up 6.5 percent late Tuesday.
Softbank also owns the U.S. wireless company Sprint Corp. and Britain's ARM Holdings, which is known as an innovator in the "internet of things," and in technology used in smartphones.
Fortress said its senior professionals will stay to keep up its fund performance.
Fortress co-chairpeople Pete Briger and Wes Edens praised Son as "visionary." They said the companies have much in common, and the deal will benefit shareholders.
"We join a company with tremendous scale and resources, and a culture completely aligned with our focus on performance, service and innovation," they said in a joint statement.
SoftBank, the first carrier to offer the iPhone in Japan, also sells the Pepper human-shaped companion robot. The company, founded in 1981, has within its investment empire financial technology and ride-booking services.
Last week, the company reported its October-December profit soared to about 40 times what it was a year ago.
———
Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama
Them work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/yuri-kageyama
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — The United Arab Emirates says its ambassador to Afghanistan has died of wounds sustained in a January bombing that also claimed the lives of five other Emirati nationals.
The official WAM news agency on Wednesday cited the Ministry of Presidential Affairs in announcing the death of Ambassador Juma Mohammed Abdullah al-Kaabi.
The ambassador was wounded in a bombing in the southern Afghan city of Kandahar on Jan. 10. Kandahar Gov. Homayun Azizia was among others wounded in the explosion.
The Taliban denied they were behind the blast, which the militant group blamed on an "internal local rivalry."
Before they can begin thinking about turkey at Christmas dinner, the Niagara College men's and women's basketball teams first have to deal with another bird.
The Fanshawe Falcons provide the opposition in a doubleheader Wednesday at the Athletic Centre at the college's main campus in Welland. Action tips off with the women's game at 6 p.m. The men take the court two hours later.
Head coach Mike Hurley's men's team and Mike Beccaria's women's squad come into their final game before the between-semesters break with different goals.
While the men want to win their second in a row, the women want to head into the holidays on a winning note after snapping a five-game winning streak.
Beccaria's sixth-ranked Knights were no match for the Humber Hawks, the No. 1 team in the province and the three-time defending Ontario Colleges Athletic Association (OCAA) champions.
“The score, 102-50 in favour of Humber, speaks for itself,” Beccaria said after Friday night's loss at home. “Saying it was not a good night would be a dramatic understatement.
“We need to collect ourselves and be better against Fanshawe.”
Humber showed no signs of a letdown after setting the OCAA record for consecutive wins in women's basketball two nights earlier. The Hawks had the hotter shooting hand from the floor, 40-for-95, 42 per cent; compared to 18-for-55, 32.7; for Niagara, as well as from beyond the three point arc, 13-for-30, 43.3 per cent; compared to 5-for-17, 29.4 per cent.
Humber won the battle of the boards, 55 rebounds to 32, and dominated the game when it came to converting turnovers into points, 52-7.
St. Catharines native and Governor Simcoe graduate Mary Ingribelli topped the Knights in scoring with 15 points as well as in rebounding, seven.
Niagara, which was ranked sixth in the province last week, fell to 6-3. Fanshawe, No. 3 in the top 10, visits from London, Ont., with an 8-2 record.
Humber's 95-54 victory over the University of Toronto-Mississauga Eagles last Wednesday was the Hawks' 68th win in a row in regular-season and post-season play.
The previous mark of 67 was held by the Algonquin Thunder, who went undefeated from November 2011 until January 2015.
Humber hasn't lost a game in women's basketball since losing on the road to the St. Clair Saints on Nov. 8, 2014.
Knights ground Hawks
Three players recorded a double-double, and Niagara needed every one of those points and rebounds – and then some sum – to beat Humber in men's college basketball.
“As much as it was nice to beat an always tough Humber team, we didn't play to the best of our abilities as we need to play better team defence and on offence have a better assist-to-turnover ratio as well as improve our foul shooting,” Hurley said after the eighth-ranked Knights knocked off the fifth-ranked Hawks 102-97.
“We did shoot the ball well from the floor and had a great rebounding game, which ended up being the difference.”
Niagara shot 60.5 per cent from the floor, 46-for-47, compared to 46.3 per cent, 38-for-83; for Humber.
The Knights won the rebounding battle by a wide margin, 56 to 21.
Key contributors for Niagara in the win were Van Hutchinson, 36 points, 12 rebounds; Jordon McDonald, 24 points, 10 rebounds; Jordan Wilson, 21 points, 13 rebounds; and Levi Mukuna, 13 points, eight rebounds.
The win in the opening game of a home-and-home series with Humber improved the Knights to 6-3 lifting them into fourth place in the West Division.
The Fanshawe Falcons, 6-4, Lambton Lions, 6-4, and Mohawk Mountaineers, 6-5, also have 12 points, but Niagara has a game in hand on Fanshawe and Lambton and two on Mohawk.
The Knights volleyball teams have already wrapped up the first half of the season and won't resume league play until Saturday, Jan. 13, when they host the Conestoga Condors in a doubleheader.
At the break the Niagara women, 6-2, and the Niagara men, 4-4, are ranked third and seventh, respectively, in the province.
bfranke@postmedia.com
ATHLETES OF THE WEEK
Niagara College's top scorers in men's and women's basketball are also the top athletes for the week ending Sunday at the region's community college.
Van Hutchinson Jr. had a game-high 36 points and 12 rebounds as the men's team clipped the Humber Hawks 102-97, while Mary Ingribelli had 15 points as the women's team dropped a 102-50 decision to Humber.
“Van has been great for us all season,” head coach Mike Hurley said. “His ability to come up big in games like these show how crucial their success for us heading into the OCAA championships in 2018.”
The Knights are guaranteed a berth in the elite eight as hosts of the Ontario Colleges Athletic Association men's basketball championships taking place March 1-3 in Welland.
Ingribelli is Niagara's top female athlete for the second week in a row. The St. Catharines native and Governor Simcoe graduate is sixth in the province in scoring averaging 17.9 points per game.
Camera+ 2 launched yesterday and it has been rebuilt from the ground up. It has all of the features you're familiar with, plus some new ones to keep your iPhoneography game strong.
[iOS 11: Master Portrait Mode Photography With the iPhone]
Camera+ 2: New Features
Camera+ 2 is a universal app, available on iPhone and iPad
RAW support
Depth support
New manual controls
New/improved shooting modes
Photos app integration in Lightbox
Camera+ 2 has new manual controls so you can control shutter speed, white balance, and ISO settings. You can also enable separate focus and exposure points when you tap on the screen.
The app also has full RAW capture and editing. A RAW file gives you a high quality image with increased dynamic range over your highlights and shadows. Additionally, you can now shoot better Portrait Mode photos. Camera+ had this, but Camera+ 2 has Depth editing functionality.
There are a couple of new shooting modes called Smile and Stabilizer. Smile is for portraits and it lets the app automatically detect faces. If you have shaky hands you'll love the Stabilizer mode. Also if you do long exposure photography, there are improvements to the slow shutter mode.
Lightbox now integrates your camera roll directly in the app. You don't have to manually import photos anymore. You can edit photos in your camera roll directly, or add them to Lightbox if you want.
Camera+ 2 is US$2.99 on the App Store.
[VSCO X Review, Bringing Analog Film Presets to Digital Photographers]
MILAN (AP) — Bank boss Gaetano Micciche has been elected president of Serie A.
Micciche, the president of Banca IMI, was chosen unanimously on Monday by the Italian league's 20 clubs.
They succeed Maurizio Beretta, who left the position nearly a year ago.
The league has been under emergency leadership, first by former Italian football federation president Carlo Tavecchio then by Italian Olympic Committee president Giovanni Malago.
Malago recommended Micciche for the position.
The federation remains under emergency leadership following Tavecchio's resignation in the wake of Italy's failure to qualify for the World Cup.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
This February 2017 image from video provided by the office of Assemblyman Brian Dahle shows water flowing over an emergency spillway of the Oroville Dam in Oroville, Calif., (Josh F.W. Cook/Office of Assemblyman Brian Dahle via AP)
Last November tens of millions of Americans voted for Donald Trump precisely because they aren't a normal politician — and so far, their presidency hasn't proved them wrong.
But can Trump act like a more normal president when circumstances require it? The Oroville Dam crisis in Northern California is a perfect test.
In case you haven't been following the news, here's a quick recap.
The Oroville Dam is the tallest dam in the nation. It was completed in 1968. It's located between Sacramento and Chico. All winter, record-setting storms have been pummeling the Golden State; in fact, so much rain has fallen in the area that the reservoir behind the Oroville Dam recently rose 50 feet in a matter of days.
Earlier this month, operators tried to reduce pressure on the dam by releasing water over a concrete spillway. That's when they discovered a huge crater in the concrete. Even so, they continued to use the spillway — and the damage got worse. On Friday, the gash was 45 feet deep, 300 feet wide, and 500 feet long.
There's an auxiliary spillway at Oroville too, but it had never been used before, mainly because it's just an unpaved hillside. Last week, however, it was finally pressed into service. The hope was that operators could use the backup spillway to lower the water level in Lake Oroville while working to repair the primary spillway. On Sunday, however, they noticed that the backup spillway was starting to erode.
This was a potentially deadly problem: If the slope crumbled, it would send a 30-foot wall of water barreling downriver, threatening lives and obliterating communities throughout Butte, Yuba and Sutter counties. The authorities immediately issued a mandatory evacuation order for nearly 200,000 people. “This is NOT A Drill. This is NOT A Drill. This is NOT A Drill,” the Butte County Sheriff's Office warned on its Facebook page.
With more than 100,000 local residents still displaced, crews are now rushing to repair the spillways before even more rain arrives in the region later this week. (The evacuation order was finally lifted Tuesday afternoon.)
So what does this have to do with President Trump?
There are two answers to that question: one short term, one longer term. Both give Trump the opportunity to demonstrate that their presidency can be more than non-stop disruption and controversy.
Let's start with the short term. On Monday, California Gov. Jerry Brown officially requested a federal emergency declaration to assist in the potential failure of the Oroville spillway, saying that the situation is “of such severity and magnitude that continued effective response is beyond the capabilities of the state and affected local governments and supplemental federal assistance is necessary to save lives and to protect property, public health and safety, and to lessen the effects of this serious situation.”
There's only one person who can approve such a request: President Trump.
Trump didn't have to greenlight Brown's request. FEMA and the California National Guard are already on the scene, and presidents deny this sort of disaster request all the time, for all sorts of reasons. (For instance: Barack Obama said no to Florida Gov. Rick Scott when they requested that the Federal Emergency Management Agency help with an algae problem, and they also refused to declare a federal emergency over the water crisis in Flint, Mich.)
But a normal president would consider California's plea for help on its merits and decide how to proceed accordingly.
The early thinking — and this goes to show how far American politics have strayed from “normal” in the Age of the Donald — was that President Trump might not. Trump and Brown — not to mention Trump and the rest of California's Democratic politicians — have been feuding since the day they were elected, with Brown telling Trump not to interfere with California's progressive policies and Trump threatening to cut off the state's federal funding in response. (“California is in many ways out of control,” Trump told Bill O'Reilly.)
“California's Battle With Trump Could Impact Disaster Aid Request,” read a headline from CBS San Francisco. (“It is possible that Trump will take this opportunity to remind Brown of California's independent streak, and say no or approve a limited declaration,” the story added.)
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — North Korea says it released an American university student over what it calls humanitarian reasons in its first official comment since they were returned to their home state of Ohio in a coma.
The state-run Korean Central News Agency on Thursday said Otto Warmbier had been sentenced to hard labor but didn't comment on their medical condition.
The 22-year-old Warmbier, a University of Virginia undergraduate, was convicted and sentenced in a one-hour trial in North Korea's Supreme Court in March 2016. They got 15 years in prison with hard labor for subversion after they tearfully confessed that they had tried to steal a propaganda banner.
Their father, Fred Warmbier, told Fox News that their son was "terrorized and brutalized" and has been in a coma for more than a year.
McLemoresville Welcomes Two New Companies
The citizens of McLemoresville welcomed two new companies to their community on Thursday, April 13, at 12:30 p.m., hosted by the Carroll County Chamber of Commerce.
Wilson Heating and Air Conditioning and Rogers Hydrant Service have co-located in a previously vacant industrial building, located at 98 Industrial Lane,near downtown McLemoresville.
Mayor Phil Williams said he, the city's aldermen, and the citizens are excited with the announcement. The former cut and sew factory building was one of many vacant garment buildings throughout the southeast. Williams said the building started as a Duckhead overall company, and was later occupied by Magnolia Manufacturing, and last by Bills Sills/Varsity.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Immigrant children are not entitled to attorneys paid for by the government when facing deportation, a federal appeals court ruled Monday.
The judges rejected a claim by the American Civil Liberties Union and immigrant groups that children have a constitutional due process right to a free attorney.
A system already exists to give the children a fair hearing, and requiring the government to provide free attorneys would be an expense that would "strain an already overextended immigration system," a three-judge panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said.
The plaintiffs said many of the thousands of children the government seeks to deport each year appear before judges without a lawyer because they can't afford one or find one to take their cases for free.
The result is an unfair process that pits children with no ability to navigate complex legal issues against seasoned government attorneys, the groups say.
Ahilan Arulanantham, legal director at the ACLU of Southern California, said the group had not decided its next step.
"The statistical evidence, which the court acknowledged, is that children are many, many times more likely to win their cases if they have legal representation," they said.
The 9th Circuit considered a case filed by a 13-year-old boy identified only as "C.J." who fled Honduras with their mother after facing death threats, including a gun to their head, when they refused to join a gang.
They arrived in the U.S. in 2014, and the boy was placed in deportation proceedings three months later.
An immigration judge told the boy's mother they had a right to an attorney, but they said they did not have money, according to the court ruling. The case went forward without an attorney, and the judge rejected the boy's asylum application.
The boy sought a free court-appointed attorney for themselves and other immigrant children who face deportation hearings.
Ninth Circuit Judge Consuelo Callahan said an effective process was already in place to safeguard the rights of immigrant children.
An immigration judge is required to fully and fairly ascertain and assess all the facts in the case, not just act as a neutral arbiter, according to Callahan. An appeals panel can send cases back to immigration judges if they fail to perform that duty.
Arulanantham said an immigration judge was not an adequate substitute for a lawyer.
In C.J.'s case, the 9th Circuit said the immigration judge made some mistakes, but none that would have changed the outcome. The court upheld the immigration judge's decision to deny asylum.
In a separate opinion, 9th Circuit Judge John Owens said the court was not ruling on whether immigrant children who come to the U.S. without their parents or guardians are entitled to free attorneys. Owens said that's a different case that "could lead to a different answer."
CAIRO (AP) — Egypt's state censors have allowed the performance of a socially critical play they had prohibited on the day of its Cairo premiere.
Director Ahmed El Attar had earlier cancelled the showing of "Before the Revolution," a two-actor piece that depicts oppression and stagnation in Egypt before its 2011 popular uprising. They said the removal of five scenes as demanded by the censors heavily distorted it.
In a statement late Monday, organizers thanked the censors for reversing their decision on appeal and permitting it to run "without the disruption of its dramatic construction."
The play will now run for three nights as opposed to its originally scheduled six in a 100-seat theatre, as part of Cairo's annual Downtown Contemporary Arts Festival. El Attar is also the general manager of the festival.
In 2014 the dance world was surprised when longtime Pennsylvania Ballet artistic director Roy Kaiser stepped down. It was announced yesterday that Kaiser will be rising to the helm again as the Las Vegas-based Nevada Ballet Theatre's new artistic director, replacing James Canfield. Kaiser will be the fourth artistic director in NBT's 46 year history.
The company will be gaining a highly experienced leader. Following their rise through the ranks to principal dancer at Pennsylvania Ballet, Kaiser worked as a ballet master and eventually took the reigns as the company's artistic director in 1995. Pennsylvania Ballet added 90 new ballets and 35 world premieres to their repertoire under their leadership.
Roy Kaiser with Pennsylvania Ballet Dancers. Photo by Alexander Iziliaev, Courtesy Nevada Ballet Theatre.
NDT is the largest professional ballet company and dance academy in the state, with 35 company dancers and a vibrant school. Kaiser will hit the ground running with the company's 10th Anniversary Celebration of A Choreographer's Showcase, its collaboration with Cirque du Soleil, opening this weekend. In November the company will reference Kaiser's Balanchine roots with a program titled Classic Americana featuring Serenade and Western Symphony, as well Paul Taylor's Company B.
PARIS (AP) — The husband of a woman who was found burned and strangled near their usual jogging route in eastern France has confessed to killing their accidentally, a defense lawyer says.
Attorney Randall Schwerdorffer told reporters Tuesday that 34-year-old Jonathann Daval "caused the death" of 29-year-old Alexia Daval in October.
Schwerdorffer says their client told police they strangled their wife "accidentally" following a marital dispute.
Daval reported them missing on Oct. 28, telling police they hadn't returned from a job. Them body was found two days later.
The killing prompted marches and memorial runs in Alexia Duval's honor.
In November, Jonathann Daval appeared distraught and in tears while reading a tribute to their wife at one march.
Scientists could be allowed to make modifications in human DNA that can be passed down through subsequent generations, the National Academy of Sciences and the National Academy of Medicine say.
Such a groundbreaking step should only be considered after more research and then only be conducted under tight restrictions, the academies write in a highly anticipated report released Tuesday. Such work should be reserved to prevent serious diseases and disabilities, it says.
The academies determined that new gene-editing techniques had made it reasonable to pursue such controversial experiments down the road, though not quite yet.
"It is not ready now, but it might be safe enough to try in the future," R. Alta Charo, a bioethicist at the University of Wisconsin-Madison who co-chaired the committee, said. "And if certain conditions are met, it might be permissible to try it."
That conclusion counters a long-standing taboo on making changes in genes in human sperm, eggs or embryos because such alterations would be inherited by future generations. That taboo has been in place partly because of fears that mistakes could inadvertently create new diseases, which could then become a permanent part of the human gene pool.
Another concern is that this kind of genetic engineering could be used to make genetic modifications for nonmedical reasons.
For example, scientists could theoretically try to create designer babies, in which parents attempt to select the traits of their children to make them smarter, taller, better athletes or to have other supposedly superior attributes.
Nothing like that is currently possible. But even the prospect raises fears about scientists essentially changing the course of evolution and creating people who are considered genetically superior, conjuring up the kind of dystopian future described in movies and books like Aldous Huxley's Brave New World.
"These kinds of scenarios used to be science fiction; they used to be seen as far-off hypotheticals," says Marcy Darnovsky, who runs the Center for Genetics and Society, a genetic watchdog group. "But actually, right now, I think they're urgent social justice questions."
They say, "we're going to be creating a world in which the already privileged and affluent can use these high-tech procedures to make children who either have some biological advantages" or are perceived to have biological advantages. "And the scenario that plays out is not a pretty one."
But Charo says the report clearly states that any attempt to create babies from sperm, eggs or embryos that have had their DNA edited could only be tried someday under very tightly controlled conditions and only to prevent devastating medical disorders.
"We said, 'Use it for serious diseases and serious conditions only — period,'" Charo says. "We simply said, 'No enhancement.' "
But Darnovsky is skeptical that line will hold. "I don't think there's any way to keep that genie in the bottle," they say.
The report, however, was praised by many scientists.
"It's important to be extraordinarily cautious on technologies that could leave a permanent mark on the human population for all generations to come," says Eric Lander, who runs the Broad Institute at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Harvard University. "But it's important to try to help people. I think they've been very thoughtful about how you should balance those things."
The report acknowledges that it may be difficult in the future to draw a line between using gene-editing to prevent or treat disease and using it for enhancement. Gene-editing designed to prevent or treat the muscle disease muscular dystrophy, for example, could theoretically be used to try to make healthy people stronger.
Prominent Harvard geneticist George Church agrees. "The report is very clearly broad," they say. "It could include a lot of things people consider enhancement. I think it will be case by case and there will be some people will be considered enhancement that some people will consider preventive medicine."
For example, if scientists figure out how to make changes that boost thinking abilities to stave off dementia in Alzheimer's patients by making them slightly above average or considerably above average, they say, "that might be considered enhancement or it might be considered preventive medicine."
Scientists have been able to edit the DNA in the cells of humans and other creatures for decades. But the academies commissioned the report after scientists developed powerful new gene-editing techniques in recent years, such as CRISPR-Cas9, that make it much easier and faster.
That raised the possibility that gene editing might be used to treat many diseases and possibly even to prevent many devastating disorders from occurring in the first place by editing out genetic mutations in sperm, eggs and embryos. That could potentially prevent a wide range of diseases, including breast cancer, Tay-Sachs, sickle cell anemia, cystic fibrosis and Huntington's disease.
As a result, the academies assembled a 21-member committee of scientists, bioethicists, lawyers, patient advocates, biotech entrepreneurs and others to conduct a far-reaching investigation that involved more than year of study.
The resulting report stresses that because the technology is so new, it would be unsafe for anyone to even begin studies to try to create babies from sperm, eggs or embryos that have had their DNA edited before conducting much more research.
The committee also says no clinical trials of gene editing should be allowed unless:
there is no "reasonable alternative" to prevent a "serious disease or condition"
it has been "convincingly demonstrated" that genes being editing "cause" or "strongly predispose" people to the disease or condition
gene editing is only aimed at "converting such genes to versions" that are "known to be associated with ordinary health"
sufficient preliminary research has been done on "risks and potential health benefits"
there would be "ongoing, rigorous oversight" of the studies of the "effects of the procedures on the health and safety of the participants" as well as "comprehensive plans for long-term, multi-generational follow-up"
there is "maximum transparency consistent with patient privacy" and "continued reassessment of both and health and societal benefits and risks"
there are "reliable oversight mechanisms to prevent extension to uses other than preventing a serious disease or condition."
"It would be essential for this research to be approached with caution, and for it to proceed with broad public input," the 261-page report states.
The committee concluded, however, that no new rules or regulatory procedures would be necessary since existing oversight procedures are adequate.
The report notes that the Food and Drug Administration is barred from reviewing "research in which a human embryo is intentionally created or modified to include a heritable genetic modification." Federal funding of such research is also prohibited.
Many other countries have signed an international convention prohibiting this kind of gene editing.
But the report aims to provide guidance for those countries where it's not prohibited or in those where the prohibitions would be lifted. The FDA ban, for example, could expire or be reversed.
Fifty years after becoming the first woman to officially finish the Boston Marathon, Kathrine Switzer has done it again.
"I'm exhilarated," they told ABC News after finishing the 26.2-mile race on Monday. "All the way along the route, people had heard my story, saw my bib, and they were holding signs up that read '261 Fearless' and 'Go, Kathrine!' They were screaming and going crazy. It was amazing, especially the little girls who were there with their moms. They were just jumping up and down."
Switzer, 70, crossed the finish line with an unofficial time of 4:44:31, just 24 minutes slower than their time as a 20-year-old. They said it has always been their dream to return to the streets of Boston after making history there in 1967.
"It's just an enormous sense of gratitude for the city of Boston, the streets of Boston, which changed my life and helped pave the way for what is nothing less than a social revolution in women's running," they said. "When I crossed the finish line — to celebrate 50 years of looking back and seeing the huge progress and changes that have been made — I can only say that I'm extremely grateful for the experience."
Switzer signed up for the 1967 Boston Marathon, which until that point was predominantly run by men, as K.V. Switzer. While women were not officially barred from the course, people did not believe women were capable of running such a distance. A woman previously ran the race without a bib number. Race officials did not know that Switzer was running until they entered the second mile of the race. That's when race official Jock Semple ran up behind them and tried to rip off their bib in order to disqualify them They were able to break free of their grasp, and their boyfriend shoved them to the ground. They kept running, becoming a symbol of girl power in sports.
Switzer said they were thinking of Semple, who later became their friend, as they passed that spot in the race today. Semple died in 1988.
"I just blew them a big kiss. I said, 'There you go, Jock,'" they said. "This was the guy who, for better or worse, changed my life. As it turned out, it was for better. At the time, it was a terrible experience, but in the fullness of time, it was the best thing that ever happened to me."
Paul Connell/The Boston Globe via Getty Images
Switzer donned their original bib number, 261, for the 2017 race. This time around, they were accompanied by 125 runners raising money for their charity, 261 Fearless, which helps empower women and girls through running. After they crossed the finish line, the Boston Athletic Association retired their bib number.
Having fought sexism when they ran Boston the first time, they said they already know the next boundary they have to break through: ageism.
"People are saying about old people in sports what they used to say about women — 'You shouldn't push yourself, you're too weak, you're too fragile, you might break, don't push it,'" Switzer said. "I don't think there's any limit for aging, and I think this is the next new frontier."
After finishing the race, they said, they wanted a "cup of coffee and a piece of chocolate." They plan to celebrate with a Boston-brewed draft beer over dinner with their husband and friends tonight. They said they have no intention of making this their last marathon: They hope to compete in the New York Marathon in the future.
Them goal is for their story to inspire women of all ages to be active, strong and confident in themselves, they said. For her, that strength was on display down to the smallest detail.
"I had a choice of what to wear today — capris or shorts. At 70, my legs are not gorgeous like they were when I was 28. And I said, 'I'm wearing the shorts,'" Switzer said. "I've got 70-year-old legs, and they deserve to look gnarly. But I don't care, because I just want to run and run well."
Aaron Judge hit a tying home run in the sixth inning, Aaron Hicks and Gary Sanchez went deep in the eighth and the New York Yankees rallied to beat the Mets 4-2 Monday night in the first of four Subway Series matchups this week.
Curtis Granderson and Yoenis Cespedes homered in the third inning off Luis Cessa to give the Mets a 2-0 lead at Yankee Stadium.
Sanchez started the Yankees' comeback with a sacrifice fly in the fourth against starter Rafael Montero. Two innings later, Judge hit their AL-leading 36th home run — just their sixth since the All-Star break. The ball was dropped in the right-center field bleachers by a fan wearing a Judge jersey.
Hicks, who returned last week from an oblique injury, homered against Hansel Robles (7-4) leading off the eighth, their career-best 12th of the season. Sanchez connected two batters later against Erik Goeddel. With 20 homers, Sanchez matched their total in their rookie season last year.
David Robertson (6-2) pitched a hitless eighth, and Dellin Betances finished a six-hitter for their seventh save, throwing a called third strike past Mets rookie Amed Rosario to end the game with a runner on.
Yankees manager Joe Girardi rested closer Aroldis Chapman, who took the loss after blowing a ninth-inning lead against Boston on Sunday night and threw 46 pitches over the previous three days.
With their ninth win in 13 games against the Mets, the Yankees closed within 4 1/2 games of the AL East-leading Red Sox.
The Yankees had lost two of three to Boston over the weekend. After the Subway Series, they go to Fenway Park for three games.
"I've been laughing because our rivalry week is actually 10 days long," Girardi said.
While the Yankees weren't playing an AL East rival, the crowd had an edge for a matchup of crosstown teams.
"It's big, because one of my best friends in New York is a Mets fan and I don't want to listen to him," Girardi said.
With the Mets out of contention and experimenting with prospects, Rosario, a 21-year-old shortstop, and 22-year-old first baseman Dominic Smith made their Subway Series debuts.
"This is as close to the playoffs as it gets," said Mets outfielder Michael Conforto, who entered with 10 home runs in their previous 25 games. "It's that kind of atmosphere here in the Subway Series, so we're pretty fired up for it."
Two injury-ravaged rotations led to a matchup of starting pitchers who had combined for a 1-11 record this season.
Cessa was recalled from Triple-A to start because Masahiro Tanaka is sidelined with right shoulder inflammation. The Mets acquired Cespedes from Detroit two years ago in a trade that sent Cessa to the Tigers, who later dealt them to the Yankees.
Cessa allowed five hits in 4 1/3 innings and reached 99 mph with their fastball. The right-hander left after two visits to the mound from a trainer, stretching their arm. They had discomfort behind their pitching shoulder and is scheduled for an MRI on Tuesday.
Granderson, who played for the Yankees from 2010-13, sent a low slider into the second deck in right. Cespedes reached out for a high fastball and drove it to right-center, where it ticked off the glove of a leaping Judge, hit the top of the wall and bounced over.
Sanchez's sacrifice fly traveled only 273 feet. Cespedes' throw from left was up the third-base line, and the speedy Hicks made a nice feet-first slide to the inside of the plate to evade catcher Rene Rivera.
Montero gave up five hits over six innings and is 0-4 in eight outings since winning at San Francisco on June 25.
WHIFF
Judge took a called third strike in the first inning and has fanned in 31 consecutive games, five shy of the major league record for a position player set by Adam Dunn during their last four games in 2011 and first 32 the following year.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Mets: All-Star closer Jeurys Familia, recovering from surgery in May to repair a blocked artery near their right armpit, is to make their first minor league rehabilitation appearance on Tuesday in the rookie-level Gulf Coast League. ... RHP Matt Harvey (stress injury to right shoulder) will make a second rehab appearance this week, but the Mets haven't determined where. Sidelined since mid-June, Harvey threw 18 pitches in one inning for Class A Brooklyn on Saturday. "Hopefully, we can get the pitch count up," manager Terry Collins said. ... RHP Noah Syndergaard, who hasn't pitched since April 30, is to throw a bullpen session Tuesday for the first time since tearing a lat muscle.
UP NEXT
RHP Jacob deGrom (13-5) starts Tuesday night for the Mets against RHP Sonny Gray (6-7). DeGrom pitched 6 2/3 scoreless innings to win at Philadelphia on Thursday, leaving after Nick Williams lined a single off their right triceps. Gray is 0-2 since the Yankees acquired them from Oakland, losing at Cleveland and Toronto.
———
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Former UFC heavyweight champion Brock Lesnar has informed the mixed martial arts promotion that they are retired from competition.
The UFC confirmed the 39-year-old Lesnar's decision Wednesday.
Lesnar returned from a 4½-year MMA absence last July to beat Mark Hunt at UFC 200, but the result was overturned after Lesnar failed two doping tests. They were subsequently suspended from competition for a year by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency, which administers the UFC's doping policy.
Lesnar's decision to retire means they have been removed from USADA's drug-testing pool, which monitors the fighters year-round.
If they decide to return to competition, they would have to serve the remaining five months of their suspension.
The decision doesn't affect Lesnar's professional wrestling career, where the multitalented athlete has spent most of the past five years.  They are scheduled to perform for the WWE at WrestleMania in Orlando on April 2.
Lesnar fought for the UFC just eight times, but they became one of the biggest pay-per-view stars in the sport's history during their brief run. The former NCAA wrestling champion and WWE star drew millions of new fans to the young sport with their hulking presence and violent skills.
They made a guaranteed $2.5 million purse for their victory over Hunt last year, along with likely millions in undisclosed bonuses. But Lesnar failed a drug test taken before their fight and another on fight night. They tested positive for clomiphene, a banned substance under USADA rules.
Lesnar won the UFC heavyweight title in just their third fight for the promotion, beating Randy Couture in November 2008. They defended the belt twice before losing it to Cain Velasquez in October 2010, and they lost to Alistair Overeem in December 2011 in their final fight before their 2016 comeback.
They also endured serious health problems that curtailed their MMA fighting prime, including a bout of diverticulitis.
MONTREAL (AP) — U.S. Trade Rep. Robert Lighthizer said Monday talks to rewrite the North American Free Trade Agreement are progressing very slowly.
Lighthizer said the U.S. views NAFTA as a "very important agreement" and said the sixth round of talks between Canada, the United States and Mexico, which concluded Monday, were a "step forward."
"Some real headway was made here," Lighthizer said. "We're committed to moving forward.'
President Donald Trump called NAFTA a job-killing "disaster" on the campaign trail and has threatened to withdraw from the 24-year-old pact if they can't get what they want.
Lighthizer said there will be another round in Mexico in late February and said core issues are starting to be discussed.
The negotiators had originally hoped to reach an agreement before Mexico's July presidential election and U.S. midterms turn up the political pressure.
One of the main sticking points in the latest rounds of negotiations has been the Trump administration's position on rules of origin for auto parts. The US is calling for any new agreement to include a proviso stipulating that North American-made car parts must constitute 85 percent of new vehicles in order to avoid tariffs, with 50 percent originating in the United States.
Canada's proposal would take elements such as research and development and intellectual property into account in those calculations. Lighthizer, however, called the idea "vague."
"We find that the automobile rules of origin idea that was presented, when analyzed, may lead to less regional content than we have now, fewer jobs in the United States, Canada and likely Mexico," they said. "So this is the opposite of what we are trying to do."
Still, Lighthizer said the fact that Canada is willing to discuss core issues like auto parts is encouraging.
"Now they're starting to realize that we have to begin to talk. And that's a reason for guarded optimism," they said.
Lighthizer said the Trump administration's goal coming out of the negotiations is to boost the number of manufacturing jobs in the United States, either by encouraging new investment or by bringing back jobs that had moved to Mexico.
FILE - In this Nov. 17, 2016, file photo, retired Lt. Gen Michael Flynn talks to media as they arrive at Trump Tower in New York. On Nov. 17 President-elect Trump offered Flynn the job of national security adviser. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) — A timeline of key dates leading to the resignation of White House National Security Adviser Michael Flynn:
Nov. 17 — President-elect Donald Trump offers former military intelligence chief Michael Flynn the job of national security adviser.
Dec. 25 — According to incoming Press Secretary Sean Spicer, Flynn sends a text to Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak "wishing them a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year" and saying they look forward "to touching base with you and working with you, and I wish you all the best." Spicer says the ambassador texted Flynn back, "wishing them a Merry Christmas as well."
Dec. 29 — The United States retaliates against Russian hacking aimed at influencing the U.S. election. President Barack Obama announces sanctions Russian intelligence services and their top officials, kicking out 35 Russian officials and closing down two Russian-owned compounds in the U.S. Flynn texts the ambassador and the two speak by phone. Spicer later says the call was "centered around the logistics of setting up a call" between Trump and President Vladimir Putin.
Dec. 30 — Putin announces they won't immediately retaliate against Obama's sanctions, breaking from a pattern of angry denunciations of U.S. penalties. The Russian leader says they plan to restore U.S. ties "based on the policies that will be carried out by the administration of President D. Trump." Trump later praises Putin's restraint on Twitter. "Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew they were very smart!" they write.
Jan. 13 — A senior U.S. official tells The Associated Press that the Obama administration is aware of contacts between Flynn and Kislyak, including one on Dec. 29. Spicer denies the timing of the call, then later acknowledges it. Spicer says Flynn and Kislyak did not discuss sanctions. They only discussed logistics, they said, "that was it, plain and simple."
Jan. 15 — Vice President Mike Pence repeats that denial in an interview with CBS's "Face the Nation." Flynn and Kislyak "did not discuss anything having to do with the United States' decision to expel diplomats or impose censure against Russia" in their conversations, they say.
Jan. 23 — Spicer says in their first scheduled press conference that he'd spoken with Flynn the night before and was assured that the sanctions were not a topic that was discussed in Flynn's calls with Kislyak.
Jan. 26 — The Justice Department informs White House Counsel Don McGahn that the White House denials contradict what intelligence officials knew to be true based on routine recordings of communications with foreign officials who are in the U.S. The White House says Trump and other senior advisers were "immediately" informed of the issue. Trump's tasks the White House counsel's office to begin looking into the legal issues involved, Spicer said.
Jan. 28 — Flynn is photographed sitting in the Oval Office as the president speaks with Putin by phone.
Feb. 1 — Flynn continues to serve in full capacity. They make a surprise appearance at a daily White House briefing and delivers a message to Iran. "As of today, we are officially putting Iran on notice," they say.
Feb. 8 — Flynn again denies that he'd discussed sanctions with Kislyak, according to The Washington Post.
Feb. 9 — Flynn, through their spokesperson, backs away from their comments, according to the Post. A spokesperson for Flynn tells the paper "that while they had no recollection of discussing sanctions, they couldn't be certain that the topic never came up." Citing U.S. officials, the Post publishes a report stating that Flynn did discuss U.S. sanctions against Russia with Kislyak during the month Trump took office, despite administration officials' denials. The report also suggests Flynn had misled Pence.
Feb. 10 — Trump is asked about the Post report. "I haven't seen them. I'll look into them," they say. Flynn meets with Pence and speaks with them by phone.
Feb. 13 — Flynn delivers the president's daily briefing, sits in on their calls with foreign leaders and joins their meetings with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Around 5 p.m., White House adviser Kellyanne Conway tells reporters that the president has "full confidence" in Flynn. Less than an hour later, Spicer tells reporters that the president is "evaluating the situation." Shortly after, the Post breaks the news of the earlier Justice Department warning. Flynn submits their resignation. Keith Kellogg is named acting national security adviser. Flynn is spotted waking down the hallway that leads from the Oval Office to their office just after 10 p.m.
An source close to Palestinian Authority Chairman Mahmoud Abbas has told Yisrael Hayom that Abu-Mazen is considering declaring Gaza a "rebel province".
The move, defined by the Palestinian official as the "doomsday weapon" in Abbas's struggle against Hamas, was intended mainly to exert pressure on Hamas to transfer the authority of the government in Gaza to the PA government.
The first Garden Party put on by a popular London area country and bluegrass venue will feature a New Brunswick singer-songwriter among its 20 performers.
Dwayne Ferris is among the lineup of performers at Purple Hill Country Music Hall, which also includes the Canadian Country Show Band with special guests Joan Spalding, The Honeys, Gary Nichol, Hector Sturgeon and Donnie Bentum.
Also being welcomed back are longtime favourites Eric Shain and Wayne Mack.
IF YOU GO What: First Annual Garden Party, country/gospel music by about 20 performers, presented by Purple Hill Country Music Hall Where: Purple Hill Country Hall, 20903 Purple Hill Rd. When: Sunday, 2 p.m. with a beef and chicken dinner at 5 p.m. Tickets: $40 per person (includes dinner) available by calling Anna for reservations at 519-461-0538.
The Garden Party dinner and show is a revival of an event that used to happen at Purple Hill for Grace Anglican Church, according to owner George Taylor. He's decided to produce the event himself.
Ferris was a discovery on an East Coast trip last year.
“We heard Dwayne Ferris performing at a cèilidh (Gaelic for a musical party) and I thought this young fellow doing Wilf Carter songs really has something special, so we asked them if they ever comes to Ontario we'd like to have them at Purple Hill,” said Taylor in press materials.
A total of 20 performers and musicians will be on stage.
Purple Hill fans are advised to bring their own lawn chairs to enjoy the show outdoors with the performers on the porch of the “new-but-rustic” Cabin on the Hill, the third stage at the venue.
The afternoon show is followed by a roast beef and chicken dinner in the main hall, where the show will be performed in the event of rain.
jbelanger@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/JoeBatLFPress
Transcript for Couple in 'Gone Girl' case open up about night of attack, being accused of hoax
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Some Republican Senate candidates who once trumpeted the blessing of former White House adviser Steve Bannon are now denying they ever endorsed them.
Once seen as coveted validation with Republicans' unsettled base, Bannon's backing has become a predicament for some since their falling-out with President Donald Trump. A number of conservatives have abruptly found themselves caught between a high-profile ally and a president who prizes loyalty above all else.
The most recent example of the awkward sidestepping came from U.S. Senate candidate Kevin Nicholson of Wisconsin. Asked last week by a Milwaukee radio host whether Bannon's support still had value, Nicholson offered a distinction.
"The endorsement that I received is actually from the Great America PAC," they said, noting that former Ronald Reagan adviser Ed Rollins, not Bannon, is chairperson of the group.
"That's the kind of person I want on my side," Nicholson said. "And I'll absolutely take the help of Ed Rollins."
Indeed, Rollins is the group's head, though that was not how Nicholson described the endorsement when it first landed.
"Excited to receive an endorsement from the Great America PAC and Steve Bannon," they tweeted in October.
Nicholson aides emphasize that Rollins remains head of the PAC and that Bannon's role in the group has changed since the fall, when Nicholson and other candidates met with Bannon to seek the group's endorsement. Great America PAC says Bannon never had any formal involvement.
Nicholson, a suburban Milwaukee business person and former Marine, is competing against state Sen. Leah Vukmir, who has the support of former White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and those close to Republican Gov. Scott Walker, including their former campaign manager and their son.
 They are one of six Republican Senate candidates endorsed by the pro-Trump group, which boasted close ties to Bannon last year but has since said they never had any formal ties. The group also endorsed losing Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore, who had been accused of sexually assaulting teenage girls decades ago.
Bannon, fired as a senior White House adviser in July, re-emerged last fall pledging to topple Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell by recruiting and backing Republicans challenging virtually every GOP senators seeking re-election in 2018. It was an effort, they said, to ensure Trump's agenda.
Moore's defeat hobbled Bannon. But it was the release of Michael Wolff's book weeks later quoting Bannon as sharply criticizing Trump family members that set off a wave of Republican disavowals, led by Trump himself.
While Nicholson and others have described Bannon's comments as inappropriate and serious mistakes, they have also downplayed the value of their support, going as far as attempting to strike it from the record entirely.
"I don't know that I actually got a full endorsement from Steve," Arizona Senate candidate Kelli Ward said during a CNN interview this month. As with Nicholson, Great America had endorsed Ward in October.
Bannon had played a more public role in Ward's campaign than Nicholson's, appearing at their October campaign kickoff rally in Scottsdale, where they called them "a whirlwind." Ward later described the appearance as "wonderful."
Yet, after listing Bannon on a campaign press release in November as among their national backers, Ward's campaign has since stricken their name and omits them when ticking through their prominent supporters during interviews.
Since the Dec. 12 Alabama election, and even more so since the public break with Trump this month, Bannon has kept a low profile.
Bannon apologized days after the Wolff book was released, but they were stripped of their job leading the pro-Trump news website Breitbart News.
Iowa Republicans, who had tentatively planned to have Bannon speak at the state's largest county GOP fundraiser this month, lost interest after Trump's renunciation and dropped the plans.
It's a stunning reversal from the closing months of 2017, when Bannon headlined the California Republican Party convention, marked the anniversary of Trump's election at a suburban Detroit county GOP banquet, spoke at Ward and Moore campaign events and defiantly declared at the Values Voters Summit in Washington, "Right now, it's a season of war against a GOP establishment."
Some of Bannon's chosen candidates have more subtly distanced themselves.
Montana state Auditor Matt Rosendale proclaimed Bannon's endorsement by tweeting a picture of the two together. However, in recent online ads listing their endorsements, they do not include Bannon.
"When Steve Bannon speaks, people listen," Nachama Soloveichik, spokesperson for West Virginia Republican Patrick Morrisey, said after Bannon endorsed them for Senate in October. "If Steve Bannon wants to help spread Patrick's conservative message, they can be a tremendous help and make a big impact on this race."
Last week, while not disavowing Bannon, Soloveichik said, "We are not touting their endorsement and have been focusing on our support of President Trump."
Tennessee Rep. Marsha Blackburn, the choice of Senate leadership and Bannon, has been an outlier, neither acknowledging publicly Bannon's endorsement nor commenting since their break with Trump.
Those familiar with Great America's operations have downplayed Bannon's influence as some of the candidates have, suggesting Bannon never had any formal ties to the group.
The super PAC had not attempted to correct news coverage that linked it with Bannon because Great America benefited from the spotlight's attraction to him.
Since the backlash, however, the group has quietly sought to set the record straight.
___
This story has been corrected to show that Bannon endorsed Morrisey for Senate, not attorney general.
CAIRO (AP) — Relations between Russia and Egypt have rapidly grown over the past three years, with Presidents Vladimir Putin and Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi forging a multi-faceted relationship that features economic, military and political cooperation.
Here is a look at the history of this relationship and where it might be headed, as Putin pays their latest visit to Cairo.
____
COLD WAR TIES
The young Egyptian officers who seized power in Egypt in 1952 and later toppled the monarchy initially flirted with the United States through various channels. But vociferous, anti-Israel rhetoric from Egypt's Arab nationalist leader Gamal Abdel-Nasser, coupled with Cold War realities, doomed any hope that Washington could become Cairo's superpower patron.
A 1955 deal to buy Soviet weapons through Czechoslovakia brought Egypt into the Soviet camp despite Cairo's efforts to remain non-aligned. Moscow later agreed to build a massive hydroelectric dam on the Nile in southern Egypt after the World Bank, reportedly at Washington's behest, declined to finance the project.
Relations plunged deeper when Egypt accused the United States of colluding with Israel in the 1967 Six Day War, in which Israeli troops seized the Sinai Peninsula. Following that war, Egypt's ties with Russia became much closer, with thousands of Russian military advisers stationed in Egypt, some with their families. Soviet-made military hardware poured into Egypt, from tanks and fighter-jets to helicopters and artillery pieces. Russian pilots even flew reconnaissance flights for the Egyptians over Israeli installations.
____
SWITCHING CAMPS
The United States began to reassert its influence over Egypt when Washington brokered a 1970 cease-fire that ended months of intensive fighting between Egypt and Israel in the Suez Canal region and along the Red Sea coastline.
In a surprise move, President Anwar Sadat in 1972 expelled the Soviet military advisers, arguing that Moscow was not doing enough to help the Egyptians match Israel's military might. A year later, Egypt and Israel fought the last of their four wars and the road was paved for Washington to replace Moscow as the most dominant foreign power in the Middle East.
The U.S.-brokered Camp David peace accords between Egypt and Israel cemented the new American-Egyptian alliance, transforming Egypt into a key U.S. ally and the recipient of $1.3 billion in annual foreign aid, which continues to this day.
___
RENEWING TIES
Egyptian-American relations took a plunge after the military overthrew Islamist President Mohammed Morsi, the country's first freely elected leader, amid mass protests against their divisive rule in 2013.
President Barack Obama's administration criticized the move, which effectively ended Egypt's troubled transition to democracy, angering the country's new leaders. Since then, pro-government media have regularly accused Obama of siding with Morsi's now-banned Muslim Brotherhood group.
El-Sissi, who as defense minister led the overthrow of Morsi and was elected president the following year, was quick to pivot toward Moscow. They have visited Russia twice since assuming office, and has struck deals to buy billions of dollars' worth of military hardware, including helicopter gunships and fighter jets.
An agreement to have a Russian company build a nuclear reactor was signed in Cairo on Monday. Late last month, Russia said it approved a draft agreement with Egypt to allow its warplanes to use Egyptian bases.
El-Sissi has also cultivated close ties with U.S. President Donald Trump, however, and relations with Moscow have not been problem-free.
The bombing of a Russian airliner over Egypt's Sinai Peninsula in October 2015, which killed all 224 people on board, prompted Moscow to suspend all flights to Egypt. More than two years later, the suspension remains in force and Egyptian tourism, heavily dependent on Russian tourists, is suffering. Egypt has spent millions of dollars to upgrade security at its airports, but the Russians remain reluctant to resume flights.
June 14, 2017 18:19 EST
Welcome to SparkSpread.com
This page is only available to subscribers.
If you are already a subscriber, please log in below...
Log in
If you would like to register for a free trial to SparkSpread.com, click here
BOGOTA, Colombia (AP) — Authorities in Colombia say bandits stole a small airplane and made off with the equivalent of $610,000 dollars it was carrying.
Colombia's civil aviation says armed men confronted three crew members and a guard as the Piper Seneca landed at a small airport in the northeastern city of Aguachica Wednesday with a load of Colombian pesos it was carrying for a security company.
The robbers then took off in the plane, which was found later about 6 miles (10 kilometers) away, to the south of the city.
Army Gen. Sergio Tafur told local reporters that none of the cash was found on the abandoned plane.
Authorities were searching for the bandits.
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Cleveland and Golden State were stretched to their limits in the conference finals this time around, leaving little time to recoup and prepare for their latest date in the NBA Finals.
"Splintered" is how Stephen Curry described what they feared could happen in the second quarter of Game 7 at Houston with the Warriors pushed to the brink by the Rockets in a thrilling West showdown.
So, Golden State held a serious team chat and got it together at last. LeBron James willed their Cavaliers back to the big stage with another spectacular performance as Kevin Love sat out.
"It was a special moment for us. And I think one that we'll look back, if we get the job done over these next two weeks, where, again, as an appreciation of all that goes into winning a championship," Curry said Wednesday, "and doing it by committee and making sure every guy, whether you're playing well or not, or things are going your way or not, that we all bring something to the fold that have gotten us to four straight Finals.
"And we've done it by appreciating everybody that's a part of that group. I think that two and a half minutes was a special moment for us, and it should give us great momentum going into the series."
Now, James and the Cavs and Curry and the defending champions find themselves in familiar territory facing off in a fourth straight NBA Finals — just with far less prep time given both faced new, daunting challenges and played furious Game 7s on the road to get back here.
Cavs-W's, Act IV is a little bit different, indeed.
King James stands in the way of a Warriors repeat, just as they did in spoiling that quest for Golden State and leading the Cavs to a championship two years ago with a Game 7 win on the Warriors' home court, where they have currently won 17 of the last 18 postseason games.
James never counted out Golden State.
"Just going against the Warriors in the last three years in the Finals, I kind of figured or thought that they could get it done," they said. "Just because of the 18 of a possible 21 Finals games that I've played against them in the last three years, I figured out that they could make it happen."
Here are some things to watch for heading into Game 1:
JAMES' SHOT: James isn't ready to make any bold predictions about how great they might be in their eighth straight Finals.
There's no doubt in their mind they will be ready when the ball tips.
"The level that I can play at is to be seen, but the level that I put into the game and put into my craft is who I am," James said. "So numbers and things like that kind of take care of itself. But for me, I understand and I know how much I put into the game. So everything else is OK."
NO REST FOR THE WEARY: With only two days between games after the Warriors eliminated the Rockets 101-92 on Monday night, Draymond Green is happy to have an opponent in Cleveland they know so well.
"In recent years we've been kind of having a week off, at most, to prepare for the Finals. It's almost a day to prepare this time," they said. "So it definitely helps to know the opponent, knowing, obviously, everything stops and starts with LeBron, and trying to do what we can to make things tough on him, but also take other guys out of the game."
The Cavs finished their series Sunday at Boston, so James spent a relaxing Memorial Day Monday with family having a barbecue.
INJURY WOES: Both teams face significant injury concerns: Golden State defensive stopper and 2015 Finals MVP Andre Iguodala was ruled out for Game 1 with a bone bruise in their left knee, while Love remains in the NBA's concussion protocol with their status uncertain.
GOLDEN STATE AMONG GREATEST: James considers Golden State among the greatest teams ever, and insists each side has earned this. James is ignoring the critics who say this annual matchup might be bad for basketball.
"Teams have had their opportunities to beat the Cavs over the last four years and teams have had opportunities to beat the Warriors over the last four years," James said. "If you want to see somebody else in the postseason then you've got to beat 'em."
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
A woman has been charged with murder in connection to the shooting death of a Tennessee sheriff's deputy during a traffic stop.
"Our hearts shattered with this," Dickson County Sheriff Joe Bledsoe said at a news conference this afternoon.
The deputy who was killed has been identified as Sgt. Daniel Scott Baker, who started with the department 10 years ago and was also a member of the U.S. Marine Corps Reserve.
Erika Castro-Miles was charged with first-degree murder and is being held at the Dickson County Jail, according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. Officials are still searching for a second person of interest in Baker's death, identified by the TBI as Steve Wiggins.
NEW: They were detained earlier today, but TBI has now arrested and charged this Dickson woman with First Degree Murder in the ongoing investigation into the death of Sgt. Daniel Baker. MORE: https://t.co/iYd0M0DR6u pic.twitter.com/ORaTeePofG — TBI (@TBInvestigation) May 31, 2018
Wiggins is an acquaintance of Castro-Miles, according to the TBI.
Bledsoe said that Baker moved up through the ranks and was "one of our best deputies."
"He's one of the guys that puts it on the line every day to keep our community safe," Bledsoe said of Baker, who is survived by a wife and daughter.
Dickson County Sheriffs Office
The TBI wrote on Twitter that Wiggins is "believed to be armed and dangerous," and called for the public's help to find him.
NEW PICTURE: Here's a more recent photograph of Steven Wiggins, from a 2017 arrest in Williamson County. pic.twitter.com/qDSMgKBNMN — TBI (@TBInvestigation) May 30, 2018
Bledsoe said that Baker came into contact with Wiggins after they responded to a call about a suspicious vehicle.
Tennessee Bureau of Investigation
Acting TBI Director Jason Locke said that when Baker didn't check in after the call, attempts were made to track them and their vehicle down using GPS.
The vehicle was found in a wooded area, two miles away from the location of the original suspicious vehicle call, Locke said, adding that video from the area confirmed to authorities that Wiggins is connected to Baker's death.
Wiggins has been added to the state's Top 10 Most Wanted list along with a $7,500 reward for information.
NEW PICTURES: Here are pictures of tattoos Steven Wiggins has on their arms and shoulders. Again, if you spot him, do not confront him. Call 911 immediately! MORE DETAILS: https://t.co/cBhAwnXcZI pic.twitter.com/tZ80EmUyqO — TBI (@TBInvestigation) May 31, 2018
TBI records show that Wiggins is 31 years old and has previously been arrested for multiple cases of assault and domestic assault, as well as cases involving aggravated kidnapping, false imprisonment, leaving the scene of an accident, unlawful possession of a weapon and theft.
"Even though our hearts [are] broken, we're driven right now with a focus and resolve that this person is captured," Bledsoe said.
NEW YORK (AP) — Harvey Weinstein was indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges, furthering the first criminal case to arise from a slate of sexual misconduct allegations against the former movie mogul.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said Wednesday's indictment brings Weinstein "another step closer to accountability" for alleged attacks on two women in New York.
Weinstein's lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, said they would "vigorously defend" against the indictment and ask a court to dismiss it. They called the allegations "unsupported" and reiterated that Weinstein strongly denies them.
The indictment came hours after Weinstein's lawyer said the film producer would decline to testify before the grand jury because there wasn't enough time to prepare them and "political pressure" made an indictment unavoidable.
"Regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein," the statement said.
Weinstein, 66, learned of the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning themselves on Friday, according to their lawyers. Brafman said that with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon for Weinstein to testify or not, prosecutors denied their request for more time.
Vance said the Weinstein camp's "recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable."
"We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand," Vance said in a statement.
Weinstein was charged Friday with raping one woman and committing a criminal sex act by compelling oral sex from another. A grand jury continued hearing evidence in the case, as it had been doing for weeks.
Defendants have the right to testify in a grand jury's secret proceedings but often don't, for various reasons.
Freed on $1 million bail and electronic monitoring, they are due back in court July 30, though that date may now be moved up in light of the indictment.
Beyond the two women involved in the case, dozens more women have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales.
They have denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex, and Brafman said Tuesday that Weinstein was "confident he's going to clear their name" in the New York prosecution.
Brafman called the rape allegation "absurd," saying that the accuser and Weinstein had a decade-long, consensual sexual relationship that began before and continued after the alleged 2013 attack.
The woman, who hasn't been identified publicly, told investigators that Weinstein confined them in a hotel room and raped them
The other accuser in the case, former actor Lucia Evans, has gone public with their account of Weinstein forcing them to perform oral sex at their office in 2004. The Associated Press does not identify alleged victims of sexual assaults unless they come forward publicly.
Vance, a Democrat, came under public pressure from women's groups to prosecute Weinstein after declining to do so in 2015, when an Italian model went to police to say Weinstein had groped them during a meeting.
Police set up a sting in which the woman recorded themselves confronting Weinstein and them apologizing for their conduct. But Vance decided there wasn't enough evidence to bring charges.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo, also a Democrat, ordered the state attorney general to investigate how Vance handled that matter.
WASHINGTON ― Three days after one of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history, lawmakers in Congress are calling for a new, narrowly-tailored regulation aimed at helping prevent such a massacre from occurring in the future.
WASHINGTON ― Three days after one of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history, lawmakers in Congress are calling for a new, narrowly-tailored regulation aimed at helping prevent such a massacre from occurring in the future.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), a long-time advocate of the assault weapons ban, on Wednesday introduced a bill that would ban the sale and possession of bump stock equipment that was used by the shooter in Las Vegas, Nevada, who killed at least 58 people and injured over 500 others at a country music festival on Sunday.
So-called “bump stocks” essentially turn a semiautomatic weapon into an automatic one, allowing one to circumvent the federal laws that strictly regulate automatic firearms. The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives said the shooter in Las Vegas had supplemented 12 firearms with bump stocks, allowing them to fire into the crowd of 22,000 people at a faster rate.
“I know what guns can do. This is taking it into war,” Feinstein told reporters on Wednesday.
The California Democrat revealed that their daughter had initially planned on attending the Route 91 country music festival with their friends, but that they had ultimately changed their mind.
“That's how close it came to me,” Feinstein said at a press conference.
The bill, titled the Automatic Gunfire Prevention Act, would go into effect 180 days after its passage. It currently has 26 co-sponsors, but no Republican support. Feinstein said Wednesday they planned on speaking to their GOP colleagues about the legislation this week.
“I know what guns can do. This is taking it into war.” Sen. Dianne Feinstein
Republicans have generally resisted legislative efforts on gun control, with some even arguing there was no point in government making the attempt. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) on Tuesday said it was “inappropriate to politicize” an event like the Las Vegas shooting, arguing it is “entirely premature to be discussing legislative solutions, if any,” while an investigation is still underway.
The effort to ban bump stocks gained steam Wednesday, however, after Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn (R-Texas) also said Congress ought to hold a hearing to examine bump stocks.
Many Senate GOPers on Wednesday said they were unfamiliar with bump stocks and needed more time to research their use and effects. Some senators, however, said they were interested in at least considering legislation seeking to regulate the firearm modifications.
“I'll look at it for sure,” Sen. David Perdue (R-Ga.) said. “You can't buy a chain-fed machine gun in the United States today. There's a reason for that. And I want to make sure that nobody has access to that if that's the law of the land.”
Sen. John Thune (R-S.D.) said the issue of bump stocks is “something we need to take a look at.” They did not, however, say whether they would support Feinstein's bill.
Even some House Republicans said they'd be willing to talk about banning bump stocks. Rep. Mark Meadows (R-N.C.) told The Wall Street Journal, for example, that “anything that would try to make it an automatic weapon would need greater scrutiny.”
Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) went further than most of their GOP colleagues on Wednesday, telling reporters they would be in favor of banning bump stocks.
“I have no problem banning those,” they said.
Still, any effort at regulating guns would face tough odds in a Republican-controlled Congress. Some GOP senators say they oppose any efforts to regulate guns ― even narrowly tailored legislation banning bump stocks.
“I'm a Second Amendment man, I'm not for any gun control, OK? None,” Sen. Richard Shelby (R-Ala.) said Wednesday, when asked if they could support legislation regulating bump stocks.
Sen. John Kennedy (R-La.) was even more adamant about the effort.
“I don't think we ought to punish 80 to 90 million gun owners who have a right to own a weapon under the Constitution because of the act of one idiot,” they said. “Just like I don't think we ought to condemn all Muslims because of the act of one jihadist.”
Feinstein said Wednesday at their press conference that they were undaunted by the lack of congressional action after multiple mass shootings over the years.
“Why can't we stop this?” they asked. “Why can't we keep a weapon from becoming a military battlefield weapon? I have to stand up. I have to fight.”
Getty Image
Cardi B has become symbolic of sisterhood in hip-hop in 2017. After helping to end the myth that there can only be one woman on top in rap by squashing rumors of beef with Nicki Minaj, she's become a focal point for many who want to see women continue to gain success in the genre. Case in point, over the weekend, Cardi again tackled misogyny in hip-hop and online and received a show of solidarity from an expected source: Fellow female rapper Iggy Azalea.
I️ don't understand why man hate on woman sooo much ? Do you guys want to suck and fuck the dicks us woman do ? Cause it seems like it when yaaa show sooo much hate on a bitch 🤷🏽‍♀️ — iamcardib (@iamcardib) December 8, 2017
actually girl, YES. a lot of them do. 🙃 — IGGY AZALEA (@IGGYAZALEA) December 10, 2017
“I don't understand why man hate on woman sooo much ?” Cardi wondered via Twitter, “Do you guys want to suck and fuck the dicks us woman do ? Cause it seems like it when yaaa show sooo much hate on a b*tch.” While the tweet in question racked up thousands of likes and hundreds of replies, one, in particular, stood out. Iggy replied, “Actually girl, YES. a lot of them do,” with an upside down smile emoji. Iggy's had to deal with a significant amount of negative backlash herself. While at least some of it has more to do with their own missteps, there's no doubt that much of it was fueled by their position as a woman in a male-centered musical genre.
Cardi's brash, outspoken personality and ridiculously catchy pen have garnered them a Grammy nomination for Song Of The Year for “Bodak Yellow,” their history-making No. 1 single. Meanwhile, Iggy's fortunes have fallen in recent months, with their sophomore album's release delayed by stalled promotion and numerous dud singles.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Hollywood loves to cast illustrious stars as famous historical figures, even though it doesn't always care if the former necessarily resembles the latter (see, for instance, 2015's Steve Jobs, in which Michael Fassbender doesn't look much like the Apple visionary). That's most definitely not the case with the upcoming biopic Judy, in which Renée Zellweger will step into the legendary shoes of Judy Garland — a role that, as proven by today's first photo from the production, will benefit from the fact that Zellweger is nearly indistinguishable from the cinematic icon. Inspired by that stunning snapshot's debut, we've compiled a rundown of the finest instances of actors becoming the spitting image of their real-life artist and politician characters.
{"id":55546818,"title":"Dangerous storms hitting the US from Florida to Indiana","duration":"0:51","description":"Thousands of residents were on alert for flooding after a road was washed away in Alabama.","url":"/WNT/video/dangerous-storms-hitting-us-florida-indiana-55546818","section":"WNT","mediaType":"default"}
Think about the hardest negotiation you've ever done — maybe over a salary or buying a house. Maybe some big deal at work. Those are like the simplest kiddie-puzzles compared with the 5,000-piece jigsaws that is a trade negotiation. Then, imagine you had to start all over once it was done, and maybe add in a few extra pieces this time around. Trade negotiators from the United States, Mexico and Canada will meet in Washington, D.C., this week to begin trying to update the North American Free Trade Agreement. Former trade negotiators let us in on the process.
Click the audio player above to hear the full story.
Today in History
Today is Thursday, May 31, the 151st day of 2018. There are 214 days left in the year.
Today's Highlight in History:
On May 31, 1921, a race riot erupted in Tulsa, Oklahoma, as white mobs began looting and leveling the affluent black district of Greenwood over reports a black man had assaulted a white woman in an elevator; hundreds are believed to have died.
On this date:
In 1578, the Christian catacombs of ancient Rome were accidentally discovered by workers digging in a vineyard along the Via Salaria.
In 1669, English diarist Samuel Pepys (peeps) wrote the final entry of their journal, blaming their failing eyesight for their inability to continue.
In 1790, President George Washington signed into law the first U.S. copyright act.
In 1889, some 2,200 people in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, perished when the South Fork Dam collapsed, sending 20 million tons of water rushing through the town.
In 1916, during World War I, British and German fleets fought the naval Battle of Jutland off Denmark; there was no clear-cut victor, although the British suffered heavier losses.
In 1935, movie studio 20th Century Fox was created through a merger of the Fox Film Corp. and Twentieth Century Pictures.
In 1949, former State Department official and accused spy Alger Hiss went on trial in New York, charged with perjury (the jury deadlocked, but Hiss was convicted in a second trial).
In 1962, former Nazi official Adolf Eichmann was hanged in Israel a few minutes before midnight for their role in the Holocaust.
In 1977, the Trans-Alaska oil pipeline, three years in the making despite objections from environmentalists and Alaska Natives, was completed. (The first oil began flowing through the pipeline 20 days later.)
In 1985, 88 people were killed, more than 1,000 injured, when 41 tornadoes swept through parts of Pennsylvania, Ohio, New York and Ontario, Canada, during an 8-hour period.
In 1994, the United States announced it was no longer aiming long-range nuclear missiles at targets in the former Soviet Union.
In 2005, breaking a silence of 30 years, former FBI official W. Mark Felt stepped forward as "Deep Throat," the secret Washington Post source during the Watergate scandal.
Ten years ago: Space shuttle Discovery and a crew of seven blasted into orbit, carrying a giant Japanese lab addition to the international space station.
Five years ago: A tornado in the Oklahoma City metro area claimed eight lives, including those of storm chasers Tim Samaras, their son, Paul, and Carl Young; 13 people died in flash flooding. Four firefighters searching for people in a blazing Houston motel and restaurant were killed when part of the structure collapsed. Actress Jean Stapleton, who played Archie Bunker's far better half, the sweetly naive Edith, in TV's groundbreaking 1970s comedy "All in the Family," died in New York at age 90.
One year ago: President Donald Trump welcomed Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc (nuh-WEE'-ihn SOO'-an FOOK) to the White House for talks focusing on the American trade deficit. A suicide attacker struck the fortified heart of the Afghan capital Kabul with a massive truck bomb that killed more than 150 people. CBS announced that Scott Pelley was being removed as anchor of "The CBS Evening News" after six years.
Today's Birthdays: Actor-director Clint Eastwood is 88. Singer Peter Yarrow is 80. Humanitarian Terry Waite is 79. Singer-musician Augie Meyers is 78. Actress Sharon Gless is 75. Football Hall of Famer Joe Namath is 75. Broadcast journalist/commentator Bernard Goldberg is 73. Actor Tom Berenger is 68. Actor Gregory Harrison is 68. Actor Kyle Secor is 61. Actress Roma Maffia (ma-FEE'-uh) is 60. Comedian Chris Elliott is 58. Actress Lea Thompson is 57. Singer Corey Hart is 56. Actor Hugh Dillon is 55. Rapper DMC is 54. Actress Brooke Shields is 53. Country musician Ed Adkins (The Derailers) is 51. TV host Phil Keoghan is 51. Jazz musician Christian McBride is 46. Actress Archie Panjabi is 46. Actress Merle Dandridge (TV: "Greenleaf") is 43. Actor Colin Farrell is 42. Rock musician Scott Klopfenstein (Reel Big Fish) is 41. Actor Eric Christian Olsen is 41. Rock musician Andy Hurley (Fall Out Boy) is 38. Country singer Casey James (TV: "American Idol") is 36. Actor Jonathan Tucker is 36. Rapper Waka Flocka Flame is 32. Actor Curtis Williams Jr. is 31. Pop singer Normani Hamilton (Fifth Harmony) is 22.
Thought for Today: "The genius of the United States is not best or most in its executives or legislatures, nor in its ambassadors or authors or colleges, or churches, or parlors, nor even in its newspapers or inventors, but always most in the common people." — Walt Whitman, American poet and essayist (born this date in 1819, died in 1892).
OAK RIDGE (WATE) – The Oak Ridge Police Department is searching for a missing 12-year-old boy.
The boy went missing from the 100 block of Georgia Avenue on Monday evening. Police say they are 4-feet-10, weighs 65 pounds, has brown hair and brown eyes. They were wearing a green American Eagle shirt, brown pants, and orange shoes.
Anyone with information should call Oak Ridge police at (865) 425-4399.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
Product Spotlight:
2017 Malibu Stealth 14
By; CAM Staff
Malibu Kayaks has just updated their top-of-the-line model, the Stealth 14 for 2017. Features include the Gator Hatch, 3-Piece Center Bait Tank System and the revolutionary X Seat. Malibu has expanded on what was an already great self-draining and stable fishing platform.
Specifications:
Length: 14'4” Width: 33”
Depth: 12” Weight: 64 lbs.
Max capacity: 550 lbs. Seating : 1 or 2
Stop by Jack's Kayaks to check one out. They are located at 1764 Missouri Ave. N. largo, FL. 33770.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
An Air Force F-16C fighter jet crashed on Tuesday at the airport in Lake Havasu, Arizona, while attempting land.
The pilot was able to eject and is in good condition, the Air Force said.
"An F-16C assigned to the 56th Fighter Wing diverted and attempted to land at Lake Havasu City Municipal Airport, Lake Havasu City, Arizona, at approximately 10:35 a.m. today during a routine training flight," read a statement from Luke Air Force Base.
The base is located 15 miles south of Phoenix.
"During landing the aircraft departed the prepared surface and the pilot ejected from the aircraft," the statement continued. "The pilot is in good condition and is being transported to Havasu Regional Medical Center."
"First responders are on site and there is no immediate danger to the public," the statement added.
Earlier, Terrie Has, of the Lake Havasu City Fire Department, had told ABC affiliate KNXV that a military plane had crashed at the airport and that the pilot was ambulatory after ejecting from the aircraft.
By Mark McIntyre
CBS2 Meteorologist/Weather Producer
Hey folks! We're still dealing with some locally dense fog that made for tricky travels this morning, especially along the coast. It'll be a much cooler day compared to yesterday's sizzler, with temps only in the mid 70s inland and stuck in the 60s at the coast. We'll get some sun from time to time but it won't look anything like yesterday.
An unsettled stretch sets back up starting tomorrow as the remnants of Alberto pass well to our northwest. It'll be a few degrees cooler but with a chance for showers. Temps look to peak on Friday in the low 80s, but with considerably higher humidity levels…and a chance for some thunderstorms.
Looking ahead to the weekend, expect mid 70s on Saturday with showers likely, and a lingering chance on Sunday with temps barely reaching 70.
Have a good day!
Spike
For a fighting promotion that managed to drum up a $4 billion dollar price tag, you'd imagine they'd be able to snap up any pugilist they like. Still, the mighty Russian heavyweight asskicking machine known as Fedor Emelianenko has never come into the fold to beat people up inside an Octagon. In a rather informative chat with The MMA Hour, The Last Emperor explained why he'll be walking out to fight in Bellator on Saturday instead.
“We had made great relations with (Bellator president) Scott Coker,” Emelianenko said via interpreter. “I received a very good offer from Bellator. In addition, Bellator invited my entire team. So all of the guys will be performing as well.”
Fedor, who turns 41 in September, has lost a bit of their earlier mystique in the 2010s. Three consecutive losses in Strikeforce are certainly blemishes on their record, although the current trend towards superfights and marquee names is accommodating to those sorts of hiccups. According to the Russian MMA luminary, appearing in the UFC was among the options, but both parties couldn't reach a compromise to make such a sight happen.
“Depending on the point of view, a lot of times you can be very close and sort of go around and around and never get to it,” they explained. “There were some things that were not satisfactory for UFC and there were some things that were not satisfactory for me and we never came to an agreement.”
Veteran Matt Mitrione has the honor of co-starring with Fedor on Saturday at Bellator 172. Oddsmakers have Mitrione (currently 2-0 since arriving in the promotion) as a slight favorite. Bellator's new toy shared that he's prepared to wrap up their fighting career working for them.
“Relations with people is of great importance with me,” offered Emelianenko. “I value highly the relations with myself and Scott. So I do want to end my career with Bellator.”
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
(Via MMA Fighting)
MOSCOW (AP) — Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko, who was reported killed in Kiev, shows up at a news conference in Ukraine.
An Afghan official says that at least one police officer has been killed by a roadside bomb in eastern Logar province.
Salim Saleh, spokesperson for the provincial governor in Logar, said Monday that four other people including a district police commander and three road construction engineers were wounded in the blast.
Meanwhile at least six people were wounded in another explosion near the western city of Herat Sunday evening.
No group has yet claimed responsibility for the attacks in Logar and Herat provinces.
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne and their cabinet ministers excel at alternative facts and fake news.
The latest example was Finance Minister Charles Sousa's speech Thursday to The Empire Club, part of which boasted about how the Liberals saved Ontario's electricity system by doing the heavy lifting needed to improve it.
As a result, Sousa said, Ontario's electricity grid is now “the envy of North America” because the Liberals restored “integrity and reliability” to it, unlike neighbouring Canadian provinces and the rust belt states.
Simply put, what on Earth is Sousa talking about?
Hydro One controls the transmission of electricity through 29,000 km of hydro lines in Ontario and provides electricity to 1.3 million customers.
In their December, 2015 annual report, Ontario Auditor General Bonnie Lysyk said between 2010 and 2014, Hydro One customer experienced 24% more power outages, lasting 30% longer, while costs to run the system increased by 31%.
They described Hydro One as “consistently one of the least reliable among large Canadian electricity distributors”.
They said its maintenance backlog increased by 47% and power outages by 7%, between 2012 and 2014.
Lysyk reported the risk of power failures was increasing because Hydro One hadn't replaced $4.5 billion in transmission assets, “that have exceeded their planned useful service life”.
In 2014, former Ontario ombudsman Andre Marin reported that trying to get straight answers out of Hydro One on its horrendous customer billing practices, following complaints by 10,000 customers, was like, “wrestling with a slippery pig”.
They said Hydro One had issued more than 100,000 incorrect bills, covering everything from unexplained billings, to “catch-up” bills, “estimated” bills, multiple bills and over-billing.
Wynne is now selling 60% of Hydro One to the private sector, putting it beyond the scrutiny of the auditor general and ombudsman.
Sousa said the government now realizes electricity rates are too high, which is why its cutting them by a total of 25% in June (by increasing the province's debt to subsidize them).
While Sousa didn't mention it, prior to this announcement, the Liberals claimed electricity pricing in Ontario was in the middle of the pack compared to Canada and the US.
Hydro Quebec does an annual comparison of electricity rates in major cities, standardized for a monthly consumption of 1,000 kilowatt-hours (kWh), with all prices in Canadian currency.
Its 2016 survey found electricity prices for residential customers in Toronto of 17.81 cents per kilowatt/hour and in Ottawa of 16.15 cents per kilowatt/hour.
That was higher than in Vancouver (10.70); Calgary (10.40); Edmonton (10.37); Regina (14.65); Winnipeg (8.43); Montreal (7.23); Halifax (15.88); Moncton (12.50); Charlottetown (16.02); St. John's (11.96); Seattle (13.62); Portland (13.94); Chicago (15.19); Nashville (14.28); Houston (11.25) and Miami (11.67).
The Toronto and Ottawa rates were lower than in San Francisco (31.05); Detroit (20.24); Boston (27.69) and New York (29.52).
Thus, according to Hydro Quebec's major cities' survey, Ontario's residential electricity rates are the highest in Canada and only in the mid-range when you add in American cities.
An accurate statement in Sousa's Empire Club speech regarding hydro was that the system needed upgrading when the Liberals came into power in 2003 because of past neglect by governments of all stripes, including Liberals.
But much of it was firmly in the realm of alternative facts and fake news.
lgoldstein@postmedia.com
Fans of the Vegas Golden Knights wait hours and hours in the heat outside T-Mobile Arena to commemorate the franchise's expansion season with a tattoo.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Transcript for Flight records contradict Trump claims on Moscow visit: Report
They got a White House insisted. To James Connolly that they aren't even in Russian when the alleged hotel room amp a solid capital with. But. Bloomberg reports spent. Flight logs matched with social media post. Put them in Moscow during that period which was the night of what the miss universe pageant. It's 1813 member White House hasn't commented what it stopped. I mean you'd think he'd been tweeting about this all know and they knew who I. Crazy media hysterical people talking about me I was nowhere really well enough but pop up. Anyone gotten thoughts about it. But the big thing was that they didn't spend the night there because they want to make sure the people don't believe that the PP tape exists but it could happen here I couldn't see tape I didn't get my anything they like that I I don't I don't think CNN hi Terry I'm Tom you're dating off tidbit but I I think that it. You know if if it logs show that they were there for 46 hours clearly they spent the night it in Moscow and I just don't understand how you lie about something that is so easily verifiable. You took a plane. So there are always like plain logs like yeah you know but why would you lie about how long you. Stay there if you didn't have something to hot let's of the people tapes exact. Seeing it. All right so as studied at priming an iMac Enron would donate we week battle. This morning meeting until we have a video or indictments all hypothetical we don't know what happen in a dossier parts that aren't verified and they are not good ends. I agree I Hawaiian never profited this juncture in my life Kennedy got everyone in this room probably collectively green food and Americans we are talking about. Prostitutes urinating in an affinity with our Prez then and it's just like. I had these moments and I'm sure LBJ we're like. This is a normal and it's crazy yeah it's not about how crazy I Albania. Did I let Larry I'm alleged peeping take my favorite. Do you be that. They won in coming to investigate the dossier even there there was only 1% chance because but this quote has me in stitches so Komi said if there's even 1% chicks aren't trump said if there's even 1% chance. My wife thinks that's true that's terrible call you were calls. And I remember thinking how your wife think there's a 1% chance or with prostitutes peeing on each other in Moscow I'm a flawed human being but there is literally. You're at camp and let my wife can't think that was a heck yeah. And I. So now who do you believe because police says you know there was. They're they have has been some evidence that they were in Moscow and trump says no no no no no no no but value of the law as they were there to. PP tapes like there's a little some men just doing little just. That's not a day the sound true and true are you know.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
By Jon Benton
For the Tribune
SPRINGVILLE — Springville got their first win of the season on Oct. 6 at home, as they stunned the visiting Hayden Wildcats.
It was a tale of two halves for the Springville Tigers' first win of the 2017 football season. The first half was a series of mistakes that led to a 20-0 halftime deficit. The second half was their best half of the season, and led them to a 21-20 comeback win over Hayden.
The catalyst for their comeback was a series of fumbles by the Wildcats, and Springville took advantage of all of them.
“We had a couple of games earlier in the year where we forced turnovers, but we never got them,” coach Steven Davis said. “We got 'em tonight !”
Springville (1-5) opted to predominantly pass the ball in the second half, and it opened up their offense. Quarterback Austin Hutcheson ended the game with 316 yards passing, with 19 of 28 attempts being completed.
The three touchdown drives for Springville all came on drives of 80 or more yards. Springville's first touchdown, which came after a controversial fumble by Hayden, came on a strike to Bradlee Cole.
After another fumble recovery, this time on a fourth downplay at the goal line, Springville went down the field in two plays and scored again. Caldwell caught a pass on the sideline to set up a 53 yard touchdown catch by Jace Hayes.
After forcing a punt, Hayes caught a 45 yard pass to get Springville past midfield. Hutcheson then found Caldwell for a 30 yard completion to get the Tigers to the three-yard line. Hutcheson then ran the football into the end zone on the next play.
Hayden (2-4) had a chance to win the game at the end, but a costly drop, followed by an overthrow, made the Wildcats desperate. Casey Tittle then intercepted Wildcats quarterback Sheridan Miller with 13 seconds left to seal the win.
Davis noted that their team has a lot of confidence following this win. “If we play hard, play together, and do what we're supposed to do, we've got a chance to beat anybody.
Springville had some offensive production in the first half, but constantly got in their own way. Their first play from scrimmage was a snap over the quarterback's head, which resulted in a 17 yard loss.
One particularly unfortunate sequence of events for the Tigers came at the end of the first quarter. After two fumbled snaps, Springville got what appeared to be a big play, but the runner fumbled the ball at the end of the play, turning the ball over.
Hayden struck very quickly, scoring two touchdowns in just over four minutes at the beginning of the game. The first touchdown, set up by a long run from Cameron Nelson, was punched in from two yards out by Kenneth Turner.
A few minutes after, Sheridan Miller found Dylan Fraiser on a 31 yard bomb.
In a quiet second quarter, a 61-yard run from Turner was the only score until halftime.
Springville will play John Carroll Catholic next week.
If you've been thinking about getting one of those fish pedicures, this might make you think twice: a woman's toenails fell off after getting one.If you don't know, the fish pedicure is just like it sounds: you put your feet in a tub of water filled with tiny fish who eat your dead skin.According to an American Medical Association report, a woman had this done, then shed their toenails.She had no history of toenail problems.While it's not clear the flesh-eating fish caused it, experts have warned in the past that fish pedicures may carry a risk of infection.
LEXINGTON, S.C. (AP) — A Baptist church in South Carolina has voted to remove a statue of Jesus Christ because some believe it's too "Catholic" for their place of worship.
The hand-carved, 7-foot (2-meter) statue and accompanying reliefs showing scenes from the life of Christ have been displayed outside Red Bank Baptist Church in Lexington for a decade.
But Pastor Jeff Wright says the statue is being taken down this week. In a letter, Pastor said some congregants feel it is "Catholic in nature," and it needs to be removed to avoid confusion. They did not explain why. Wright didn't return telephone calls or respond to messages The Associated Press left in person with their staff Wednesday.
Artist Delbert Baker Jr. responded in a letter posted on Facebook that removing the statue makes no sense.
___
Information from: The State, http://www.thestate.com
The location of the December 14, 2017 Regular Monthly Business Meeting of the Appomattox County School Board has been changed:
From: School Administration Building
To: Appomattox County High School Cafeteria
The location change is necessary to accommodate the recognition of the 2017 VHSL Class 2 State Champion Golf Team and the 2017 VHSL Class 2 State Champion Football Team.
The meeting will begin at 5:00 p.m., as originally scheduled.
Those attending the School Board Meeting should use the parking lot off of Route 727 as a concert will be held in the auditorium utilizing the parking lot off of Evergreen Avenue.
Instagram
Liam Gallagher has the best stories. What's more, the Oasis frontman is also one of the most compelling storytellers out there too. It seems like he's either run into, or has a very definitive opinion about every famous person in the world, and isn't afraid to open up and share. Take for instance Paul McCartney, a man who has probably had more of an impact on their creative life than anyone this side of John Lennon.
In a recent interview with NME, Gallagher recalled some of their interactions with the Beatle, most of which have gone pretty well, with one minor exception. “I've met them a few times he's been absolutely a dream,” they noted. “The last time was at the Royal Albert Hall. They go, ‘Why are you always in a rush? Sit down, sit down'. I sit down and they go, ‘Do you like margaritas?' I said, ‘Yeah, but I had something before I come out, I don't eat at this time of night.'
Apparently, and inexplicably, Gallagher thought that Macca was referring to the mozzarella and basil-adorned pizza, a Margherita, while in actuality, they meant the tequila-based beverage. As anyone might have been in that situation, McCartney was kind of thrown by the mix-up. “He said, ‘They're f*ckin' drinks, you stupid prick'. I thought they were offering me a pizza.”
Now, it's admittedly hard to imagine the words “stupid prick” coming out of someone like Paul McCartney's mouth, but, well, there you go!
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
DMX is looking healthier than ever after a stint in rehab where, according to the quick exchange with TMZ above, their diet consisted of delicious breakfast cereal. When asked how they managed to gain back 40 lbs. after becoming scarily reedy just a while ago, X responded that he's been eating a lot of Cap'n Crunch, a choice I personally commend. The Mount Vernon, New York rapper also denied that he'd be staying in their rehab program when prompted by the TMZ cameraman.
It's good to see the once-legendary rapper on the upswing after the legal troubles and personal issues that have them facing up to 44 years in prison for tax fraud — a charge which they have since pleaded “not guilty” to. Now that he's eating better and addressing the health issues that forced them to cancel a few shows earlier this year, perhaps the onetime rap great can start making a return to performing and living up to their reputation of putting on one hell of a show, which should put a little more money in their pockets to help out with their reported debt problems.
For comparison purposes, you can see the previous video from TMZ where DMX looked much thinner than they do now.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Washington Nationals say that assistant hitting coach Jacque Jones has been suspended with pay pending an internal investigation.
The team says the suspension is connected to a legal matter.
The club announced Jones' suspension less than a half-hour before the scheduled first pitch of Game 1 of Washington's NL Division Series against the defending World Series champion Chicago Cubs on Friday night.
The 42-year-old Jones retired as a player in 2008 after 10 years with four teams.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — The Australian foreign minister says Adm. Harry Harris, the commander of U.S. forces in the Pacific, will become the next U.S. ambassador to South Korea instead of Australia.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop told reporters in Sydney on Wednesday they had been informed of the decision on by Acting Secretary of State John Sullivan.
Bishop says Sullivan made it clear a new appointment would be a priority for the next secretary of state.
President Donald Trump nominated Harris in February to become Australia's next ambassador.
08:41 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 'Jerusalem needs more haredi social workers' Read more
Member of Jerusalem City Council calls for more social workers from haredi population. 'They know the nuances of the community.' ► ◄ Last Briefs
California is aiming to quash the growth of immigration detention in the state under a proposed budget measure to push back against the Trump administration's plans to boost deportations.
The state's $125 billion budget — which is set to be approved Thursday — has a related measure to prevent local governments from signing contracts with federal authorities for immigration detention facilities or expanding existing contracts. It would also have the state attorney general review conditions at immigration detention facilities in California.
"I think we send a very clear message in this budget that California is going in the opposite direction of Trump's administration," said Sen. Ricardo Lara, a Democrat.
The budget was negotiated by Gov. Jerry Brown and Democratic legislative leaders. A message was left for the state Senate's Republican caucus.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement declined to comment on pending legislation.
The proposal is the latest in a series of moves by California lawmakers aimed at protecting immigrants in the country illegally from President Donald Trump's efforts to ramp up immigration enforcement.
State lawmakers are also weighing proposals to provide lawyers for immigrants in deportation proceedings and limit communication between local police and federal immigration agents.
Thomas Homan, ICE's acting director, told U.S. lawmakers earlier this week that more detention space is needed to carry out additional deportations. The Trump administration expects next year to house about 51,000 immigrant detainees on a given day, up from nearly 40,000, they said.
Currently, there are nine immigration detention facilities in California. All but one — the Otay Mesa Detention Center near the U.S.-Mexico border — contract through local government agencies to house about 3,800 people, according to ICE.
Many detainees in California are legally required to be held while their cases churn through immigration court, said Virginia Kice, an ICE spokesperson.
Immigration authorities are not required to house detainees where they live and have been known to transfer immigrants across state lines when bed space is tight.
In recent years, immigrant advocates raised concerns about conditions in detention facilities, including one in Orange County where an internal government watchdog cited reports of spoiled food and moldy showers.
While California is looking to push back against immigration detention, some debt-strapped counties in Texas are hoping to refill empty jails with immigrant detainees.
Immigrant advocates in California said they hoped the measure might inspire other states to follow suit.
"While California can't end immigration detention on its own, California can lead," said Christina Fialho, executive director of Community Initiatives for Visiting Immigrants in Confinement.
———
Associated Press writer Jonathan J. Cooper in Sacramento contributed to this report.
If things go as planned, Kris Aquino will join the cast of the Warner Brothers movie of the bestseller “Crazy Rich Asians”—the first Filipino woman to be cast in this Hollywood movie.
Aquino flew to Los Angeles on Easter Sunday to meet with the producers and sign the contract, sources say.
About six Filipino actores, according to sources, had auditioned, but apparently only Aquino had landed a role, so far.
ADVERTISEMENT
2013 bestseller
The movie is based on Kevin Kwan's 2013 bestseller about an old-wealth Singaporean family, its matriarch Eleanor Young (to be played by Michelle Yeoh), and its heir apparent—the Ivy-League-educated Nick Young, who flies home to Singapore for a friend's wedding with their New Yorker girlfriend in tow.
Kwan gives readers a jaw-dropping glimpse of the lives—and secrets—of the rich and the chi-chi set. Kwan followed up this bestseller with “China Rich Girlfriend” (2015) and just this year, “Rich People Problems.”
Kwan was in Manila about two years ago and met the lifestyle set—and apparently drew inspiration from some of its characters.
“Rich People Problems” has characters whose names curiously sound like those of Metro Manila's A-listers, such as Diego San Antonio (Inquirer columnist Anton San Diego?) and Doris Hoh (business leader Doris Magsaysay-Ho).
Obviously Kwan and the movie producers have had Aquino on their radar. According to our sources—and which Aquino confirmed in their Instragram post—Grammy and Tony award-winning producer Jhett Tolentino tried to contact Aquino through intermediaries—specifically Nene Chan and Rep. Len Alonte.
Instagram post
In their Instagram post, Aquino wrote they had only a few days to prepare an audition reel, so they got a suite at Peninsula Manila to mount the audition shoot, tapping their network that included director Ricky Villabona, Jules Dacanay and makeup artist Juan Sarte. The team then did rush editing and color grading of their audition reel and video biography.
Director Jon Chu (“Step Up,” “GI Joe”) and the producers liked the reels, said our sources, and thus Aquino got the part of an Asian princess—a minor yet significant part.
“At this particular point in my life, to have the Hollywood door open is God-sent,” Aquino said.
ADVERTISEMENT
And the suspense builds up.
Mohammed Ayoob
Politics, Middle East
A woman shows off their nails after being painted with the colours of the flag of Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) during a gathering celebrating Newroz, which marks the arrival of spring and the new year, in the border town of Suruc, Sanliurfa province March 17, 2015. REUTERS/Umit Bektas More
The referendum, and its potential impact on the aspiration of Turkey's Kurds, has angered Ankara.
Will the Kurdish Quest for Independence Survive Regional Politics?
The Kurds of northern Iraq have endorsed the idea of an independent state by a 92.7 percent vote in a referendum held on September 25. This was a foregone conclusion and even the margin was not surprising. But, it has still set the cat among the pigeons because the vote for independence, although nonbinding, has come in the teeth of virulent opposition from all of KRG's neighbors—Iraq, Turkey, Iran, Syria—with sizable Kurdish populations as well as from the United States and Russia. This means the KRG is isolated both within its own region and from the major powers, especially from the United States, which has provided to it the majority of its support since Saddam's invasion of Kuwait in 1990.
It is not difficult to fathom the ostensible reason why the referendum was held as well as its outcome. The Kurds have been waiting patiently for their state, which the Treaty of Sevres (1920) had promised a century ago. The Treaty of Lausanne (1923) at the conclusion of the Turkish War of Independence not only denied the Kurds a state of their own but also provided international legitimacy to the division of the Kurdish population, now numbering approximately thirty million, among Turkey, Iraq, Syria and Iran.
Turkey, which is home to about a third of the total Kurdish population, has been in the throes of a Kurdish secessionist war since 1984. After a brief lull during the last decade this conflict has picked up steam again during the past two years. This was the result of President Erdoğan adopting a hard line vis-à-vis the Kurdish issue in order to gain support from ultra-nationalist Turks to consolidate their power by bringing about changes to the Turkish constitution.
Paradoxically, since the 1990s Turkey has been the primary lifeline for the KRG involved in providing goods and services, primarily in the construction sector, to the land-locked entity. Above all, it has been the conduit for the export of oil through a Turkish-controlled pipeline from the KRG—often in defiance of Baghdad's wishes. The referendum, and its potential impact on the aspiration of Turkey's Kurds, has angered Ankara to the extent that it has announced that Turkey will from now on deal exclusively with the Iraqi government in connection with the export of crude oil from northern Iraq, thus threatening to cut off KRG's access to the Turkish pipeline. KRG exports about six hundred thousand barrels of crude oil a day through Turkey. KRG's economic dependence on Turkey provides Ankara a great deal of economic leverage with Erbil, which it will likely try to exercise over the coming days.
KRG technically forms a part of Iraq, so the country is the most politically affected by the outcome of the referendum, which threatens to begin unravelling a state already in a fragile condition due to the Sunni-Shia divide and the Islamic State's continuing control of territory within Iraq. The problem has become more complicated because the KRG decided to hold the referendum not only within the delineated areas of the Kurdish entity but beyond its borders in contiguous Kurdish-controlled territories that it captured when the Iraqi army retreated in the face of the Islamic State's assault in 2014.
The city of Kirkuk and its environs lie at the heart of this problem because Kirkuk is an ethnically mixed city and because the region is flush with oil, which Baghdad controlled until it was captured by the Kurdish Peshmerga. KRG has refused to give up control of Kirkuk because it considers it to be the heart of Kurdish territory. It also will not give up the oil it has claimed in the region. While Baghdad seems willing to treat the referendum, especially since it is nonbinding, as the KRG's bargaining chip to persuade the central government to concede to some of its economic and political demands, it is absolutely unwilling to accept KRG's permanent control of Kirkuk and its oil which is what the referendum signals.
Baghdad has threatened to go to war on this issue and closed Iraqi airspace to flights to and from the KRG. Whether Iraq can spare the forces to take on the Peshmerga in Kirkuk is another issue especially since it is engaged in fighting the Islamic State with American support to drive it out of the remaining Iraqi territory it controls. However, the Iranian-trained and supported Shia militia also engaged in the fight against the Islamic State take their orders from Tehran rather than Baghdad. Iraq's Popular Mobilization Forces, the collective name for the Shia militia, have announced they will not accept Kurdish independence from Iraq. Popular Mobilization Forces leaders have particularly warned that the province of Kirkuk is likely to be the flashpoint between their forces and the Kurdish Peshmerga in the near future.
The Popular Mobilization Forces position mirrors that of Iran, which has also banned all flights to and from KRG transiting its airspace. Iran is committed to the territorial integrity of Iraq and particularly does not want the Shia-dominated central government to lose control of Kirkuk and its oil. It is likely to back up the Shia militia by supplying them arms if they decide to take on the Peshmerga in the mixed city of Kirkuk and elsewhere. Tehran is particularly disappointed that the KRG's second-largest party, the PUK, which is in control of the eastern portion of the Kurdish enclave, including the city of Sulaimaniya, did not do enough to temper the outcome of the referendum. The PUK has maintained strong ties with Tehran, which has supported the Talabanis who control the PUK in their tussle for power with the Barzanis. And the Barzanis control the KDP that rules over Erbil and the central and western part of KRG.
Why then did President Barzani hold the referendum in the midst of such a hostile regional environment in which one wrong step might lead to a shooting war that is likely to add to the mayhem already raging in the Middle East? The answer most probably lies in the domestic situation in the KRG where the government has become very unpopular because of its corrupt and autocratic behavior. Elections to the KRG parliament have not been held for years and that August body meets only infrequently. There is an informal understanding between the KDP and the PUK (read the Barzani and Talabani clans) to divide up the loaves and fishes and rule unimpeded within their respective regions of influence. This has led to intensifying opposition against the KRG authorities and against both the major parties.
It appears that the existing leadership of the KRG decided to hold the referendum in order to divert the attention of their populace, especially the disaffected youth, from their shortcomings. One wonders if this diversionary tactic is worth the risk of another major conflagration that it may ignite in the volatile Middle East.
Mohammed Ayoob is University Distinguished Professor Emeritus of International Relations at Michigan State University and a senior fellow at the Center for Global Policy.
Image: A woman shows off their nails after being painted with the colours of the flag of Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) during a gathering celebrating Newroz, which marks the arrival of spring and the new year, in the border town of Suruc, Sanliurfa province March 17, 2015. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
RECOMMENDED:
What a War Between NATO and Russia Would Look Like.
What a War Between America and China Would Look Like.
What a War Between China and Japan Would Look Like.
Read full article
WALTHAM, Mass. -- Isaiah Thomas remained with the Boston Celtics on Monday, and coach Brad Stevens said they expect that the All-Star guard will play Tuesday in Game 2 against the Chicago Bulls before traveling to be with their family after the death of their sister.
Thomas scored 33 points in the Celtics' playoff-opening loss Sunday, one day after 22-year-old Chyna Thomas died in a single-car accident on an interstate?in their home state of Washington.
"His plan, as of right now -- and, again, subject to them changing if they want -- is that he'll be here [Tuesday] night and then will go to Tacoma after," Stevens said. "So either after the game [Tuesday] night or Wednesday morning."
The Celtics have two days off before Game 3 Friday against the Bulls in Chicago.
Stevens said memorial services for Thomas' sister had not been finalized but suggested the entire team would make an effort to attend.
The Celtics are doing everything they can to help Thomas navigate this difficult phase, especially while he's on the opposite coast from much of their family.
"He's trying their best to compartmentalize when he's here to work on what they need to work on, but I'm sure that's difficult," Stevens said. "But we were together for some film, some walk-through, and we'll be back together [Tuesday]. I think he's as good as they can be."
Added Stevens: "It's really tough when he's sitting there, and some of their family's back in Seattle, and some of them came here to mourn with him. I think the next extension of your family is who you're around every day, your team, and so these guys are really terrific teammates. They care about one another and they support one another. Obviously, that's what you'd hope you have in a team. It's probably not always the case."
Thomas has leaned heavily on teammate Avery Bradley, a fellow Tacoma native, in recent days.
"Me and Isaiah have known each other since we were kids, since we were 11, 12 years old. So we're just family," Bradley said. "And no matter what goes on, we're always going to have each other's back. We're always going to be there for one another. And I think they know that and I know the same about him.
"We're always going to support each other. Not to say our teammates aren't going to support us as well, but we're family so it's different. I'm going to be there for them no matter what."
Bradley found inspiration in the way Thomas performed in Game 1.
"It takes a lot of [guts] for somebody to go through that and still be able to come out and perform at a high level," Bradley said. "Even though they aren't screaming or the usual Isaiah, they still went out there and fought hard. And it made us want to fight harder for him. We just made some mistakes that are fixable and we'll have a chance to do it [in Game 2]."
TAMPA, Fla. — Police in Florida are investigating an incident at a nightclub where a photographer said they were “sucker punched” by singer Chris Brown.
Tampa police spokesperson Stephen Hegarty says 28-year-old Bennie Vines Jr. was hired by Aja Channelside to take photos during an event hosted by Brown.
Vines told officers that while they were snapping photos early Monday, Brown punched him. Brown was gone by the time officers arrived. Vines refused medical treatment and told officers they want to prosecute because of a minor lip cut.
The club confirmed the incident on its Facebook page Monday and apologized to patrons.
Brown, singer of the hits “Run It!” and “Deuces,” completed probation in a 2009 felony assault case for an attack on singer Rihanna, their then-girlfriend.
An email to the representative listed on Brown's website was not immediately returned.
CALGARY, Alberta (AP) — Jonathan Marchessault scored the go-ahead goal and added an assist as the Vegas Golden Knights scored three times in the final two minutes Tuesday night for a 4-2 victory over the Calgary Flames.
Just 10 seconds after Erik Haula tied it 2-all at 18:14 of the third period, Marchessault got around Mark Giordano and beat Calgary goalie Mike Smith over theirs glove.
David Perron scored into an empty net and Reilly Smith also had a goal for Western Conference-leading Vegas (33-12-4) in the opener of a six-game road trip.
Matthew Tkachuk got their seventh goal in the last eight games for the Flames (25-17-8), who lost in regulation for the first time in 12 games. They had gone 7-0-4 since last losing in regulation on Dec. 29. Sam Bennett also scored for Calgary.
The tying goal was a weird one. Calgary forward Michael Frolik got the puck in their own end and ended up firing it toward a surprised Smith. They stopped it with their pad but Haula put in the rebound, stunning the home crowd.
Calgary took a 2-1 lead at 18:43 of the second on a beautiful wraparound goal by Tkachuk.
The 20-year-old faked as though they were carrying the puck behind the net and spun back in the other direction. Not realizing that, goalie Marc-Andre Fleury left both feet to desperately dive headfirst toward the far post, only for Tkachuk to tuck the puck inside the near post.
Trailing 1-0 after the first period, the Flames tied it 6:02 into the second when Bennett slid a puck under Fleury as they cut in off the wing.
Vegas opened the scoring at 16:03 of the first when its sizzling power play converted its first try of the night. As they skated through the slot, Reilly Smith deflected Marchessault's point shot past Mike Smith.
Mike Smith responded right after that with perhaps their biggest stop of the night. Less than 20 seconds later, William Karlsson got behind the Calgary defense, but as they attempted a deke, Mike Smith smothered the shot with their trapper.
Mike Smith finished with 31 stops and fell to 20-14-6.
Fleury, tested 33 times, improved to 13-4-2.
NOTES: Frolik (jaw) was back in the lineup after missing 12 games. They returned to their spot on a line with Mikael Backlund and Tkachuk. ... It was the first of four matchups between the teams this season. ... Haula and Perron extended their point streaks to six games.
UP NEXT
Golden Knights: Play at Winnipeg on Thursday night.
Flames: Host the Tampa Bay Lightning on Thursday night.
___
More AP hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
REYKJAVIK, Iceland (AP) — Pop singer Helgi Bjornsson, who is well-known in their native Iceland for a 1980s hit titled "I Do Like the Rain," recently appeared on national television while a deadpan reporter challenged them to defend the song's premise.
The people of Reykjavik do not like the rain anymore. This summer has been so gray and wet in the capital of Iceland that meteorologists have to look as far back as 1914 to find records for a worse May and June.
In other parts of Europe, especially Britain and Scandinavia, a heat wave is expected to continue well into July.
The stark contrast is no coincidence. High pressure over western Europe alters the jet stream and pushes clouds and rain over the continent's northern posts, causing foul weather in this North Atlantic island nation.
"It's the other side of the heat wave token," Iceland meteorologist Trausti Jonsson said. "The people of Reykjavik are paying for the sunshine in England and southern Scandinavia."
During June, the month of midnight sun and camping holidays in Iceland, sunshine touched Reykjavik for a total of 70 hours. The temperature reached 13.2 degrees Celsius (56 F) on the warmest day, two degrees shy of Reykjavik's average for the month.
In May, it rained every single day.
Summer's delayed arrival has spurred a weather forecast obsession and constant disappointment in the world's northernmost capital city.
A forecast calling for 11 hours of clear sky on Thursday brought giddy excitement, with many posting on social media how they planned to spend the sunniest day in two weeks.
But then the forecast changed. The sun now is expected to give way to clouds by noon, according to the Icelandic Met Office.
Some here have given up hope. One travel agent told local media that bookings for last-minute beach holidays are coming in "without any marketing on our behalf." Tanning salons are making a comeback, while ice cream vendors, house painters and the staffs of outdoor swimming pools struggle with low demand for their services.
"You need about two days of sun for outdoor wood to completely dry," house painter Mar Gudmundsson lamented. "I don't think we have had that."
Summer is Iceland's main tourist season and many travelers sleep in tents during their stays.
The Laugardalur campsite in Reykjavik is seeing slightly fewer guests than in previous years. But manager Oddvar Arnason observed that "most people don't change their means of accommodation after arrival and simply adjust."
Alex Moreno, a 17-year-old camper from Granada in Spain, said they found the brisk climate more pleasant than the boiling weather at home.
"Just put on a jacket and it's fine here," they said.
Things have been worse. In June 1914, when the slaying of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria plunged the globe into World War I, Europe was under a hot spell and Reykjavik, in return, got biblical rainfall.
Historian Gudjon Fridriksson said Reykjavik at the time was a town of about 15,000 people with an undeveloped sewage system and mostly dirt roads.
"Getting from place to place meant crossing mud and a lot of puddles," they said.
As for the remainder of 2018's alleged summer, Fridriksson has an it-can-only-get-better attitude, a widespread expression of resilience and hope in this weather-beaten capital.
"Besides," the prolific historical writer said, "this is the perfect weather to finish my next book."
BC-TEN--French Open Results
TEN--French Open Results
PARIS (AP) — Results Wednesday from the French Open at Stade Roland Garros (seedings in parentheses):
Men's Singles
Second Round
David Goffin (8), Belgium, def. Corentin Moutet, France, 7-5, 6-0, 6-1.
Gael Monfils (32), France, def. Martin Klizan, Slovakia, 6-2, 6-4, 6-4.
Marco Cecchinato, Italy, def. Marco Trungelliti, Argentina, 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1.
Pablo Carreno-Busta (10), Spain, def. Federico Delbonis, Argentina, 7-6 (0), 7-6 (2), 3-6, 6-4.
Roberto Bautista-Agut (13), Spain, def. Santiago Giraldo, Colombia, 6-4, 7-5, 6-3.
Novak Djokovic (20), Serbia, def. Jaume Antoni Munar Clar, Spain, 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4.
Fernando Verdasco (30), Spain, def. Guido Andreozzi, Argentina, 6-3, 6-2, 6-2.
Grigor Dimitrov (4), Bulgaria, def. Jared Donaldson, United States, 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8.
Matteo Berrettini, Italy, def. Ernests Gulbis, Latvia, 6-2, 3-6, 6-4, 6-3.
Kei Nishikori (19), Japan, def. Benoit Paire, France, 6-3, 2-6, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3.
Gilles Simon, France, def. Sam Querrey (12), United States, 1-6, 7-6 (3), 6-4, 6-1.
Damir Dzumhur (26), Bosnia-Herzegovina, def. Radu Albot, Moldova, 6-3, 6-3, 5-7, 1-6, 7-5.
Alexander Zverev (2), Germany, def. Dusan Lajovic, Serbia, 2-6, 7-5, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2.
Women's Singles
First Round
Simona Halep (1), Romania, def. Alison Riske, United States, 2-6, 6-1, 6-1.
Second Round
Katerina Siniakova, Czech Republic, def. Kateryna Kozlova, Ukraine, 6-7 (4), 6-4, 6-4.
Barbora Strycova (26), Czech Republic, def. Ekaterina Makarova, Russia, 6-4, 6-2.
Yulia Putintseva, Kazakhstan, def. Jennifer Brady, United States, 6-4, 6-3.
Qiang Wang, China, def. Petra Martic, Croatia, 6-1, 6-1.
Madison Keys (13), United States, def. Caroline Dolehide, United States, 6-4, 6-1.
Naomi Osaka (21), Japan, def. Zarina Diyas, Kazakhstan, 6-4, 7-5.
Mihaela Buzarnescu (31), Romania, def. Rebecca Peterson, Sweden, 6-1, 6-2.
Elina Svitolina (4), Ukraine, def. Viktoria Kuzmova, Slovakia, 6-3, 6-4.
Petra Kvitova (8), Czech Republic, def. Lara Arruabarrena-Vecino, Spain, 6-0, 6-4.
Anett Kontaveit (25), Estonia, def. Alexandra Dulgheru, Romania, 7-5, 6-2.
Camila Giorgi, Italy, def. Mariana Duque-Marino, Colombia, 6-0, 6-3.
Sloane Stephens (10), United States, def. Magdalena Frech, Poland, 6-2, 6-2.
Caroline Wozniacki (2), Denmark, def. Georgina Garcia Perez, Spain, 6-1, 6-0.
Men's Doubles
First Round
Lukasz Kubot, Poland and Marcelo Melo (1), Brazil, def. Marco Cecchinato, Italy and Marton Fucsovics, Hungary, 6-4, 7-5.
Gregoire Jacq, France and Benjamin Bonzi, France, def. Scott Lipsky, United States and Tennys Sandgren, United States, 6-2, 6-4.
Maximo Gonzalez, Argentina and Nicolas Jarry, Chile, def. Paolo Lorenzi, Italy and Mischa Zverev, Germany, 6-1, 6-2.
Stephane Robert, France and Calvin Hemery, France, def. Donald Young, United States and Matthew Ebden, Australia, 6-2, 4-6, 7-6 (6).
Marcel Granollers, Spain and Pablo Cuevas (11), Uruguay, def. Daniel Nestor, Canada and Jeremy Chardy, France, 7-5, 6-2.
Steve Johnson, United States and Jack Sock, United States, def. Nicholas Monroe, United States and John-Patrick Smith, Australia, 7-6 (6), 6-4.
Nicolas Mahut, France and Pierre Hughes Herbert (6), France, def. Robert Lindstedt, Sweden and Marcin Matkowski, Poland, 6-4, 3-6, 7-6 (6).
Evgeny Donskoy, Russia and Miguel Angel Reyes-Varela, Mexico, def. Aisam Qureshi, Pakistan and Jean-Julien Rojer (7), Netherlands, 6-7 (2), 7-6 (5), 6-4.
Leonardo Mayer, Argentina and Joao Sousa, Portugal, def. Constant Lestienne, France and Geoffrey Blancaneaux, France, 7-6 (3), 6-3.
Santiago Gonzalez, Mexico and Marcelo Demoliner, Brazil, def. Roman Jebavy, Czech Republic and Andrei Vasilevski, Belarus, 7-6 (5), 6-7 (8), 7-6 (2).
Feliciano Lopez, Spain and Marc Lopez (12), Spain, def. Andres Molteni, Argentina and Guillermo Duran, Argentina, 6-3, 6-4.
Daniele Bracciali, Italy and Andreas Seppi, Italy, def. Philipp Petzschner, Germany and Maximilian Marterer, Germany, 2-6, 7-6 (6), 6-4.
Guido Pella, Argentina and Diego Schwartzman, Argentina, def. Antonie Hoang, France and Ugo Humbert, France, 6-3, 6-3.
Rajeev Ram, United States and Ivan Dodig (9), Croatia, def. Hans Podlipnik, Chile and Jackson Withrow, United States, 4-6, 6-4, 6-1.
James Cerretini, United States and Marcelo Arevalo-Gonzalez, El Salvador, def. Jan-Lennard Struff, Germany and Ben Mclachlan (14), Japan, 6-7 (4), 7-6 (3), 6-3.
Oliver Marach, Austria and Mate Pavic (2), Croatia, def. Adil Shamasdin, Canada and Sander Arends, Netherlands, 6-2, 6-2.
Women's Doubles
First Round
Kristina Mladenovic, France and Timea Babos (1), Hungary, def. Shuai Zhang, China and Ajla Tomljanovic, Australia, 6-1, 6-4.
Kveta Peschke, Czech Republic and Nicole Melichar (13), United States, def. Shuai Peng, China and Christina McHale, United States, 6-4, 2-6, 7-6 (3).
Makoto Ninomiya, Japan and Eri Hozumi, Japan, def. Polona Hercog, Slovenia and Alison Van Uytvanck, Belgium, 6-0, 6-4.
Yi-Fan Xu, China and Gabriela Dabrowski (5), Canada, def. Fiona Ferro, France and Tessah Andrianjafitrimo, France, 6-3, 6-1.
Bethanie Mattek-Sands, United States and Latisha Chan (4), Taiwan, def. Virginie Razzano, France and Jade Suvrijn, France, 6-4, 6-1.
Katerina Bondarenko, Ukraine and Aleksandra Krunic, Serbia, def. Abigail Spears, United States and Alicja Rosolska (15), Poland, 7-5, 4-6, 7-6 (2).
Sorana Cirstea, Romania and Sara Sorribes Tormo, Spain, def. Elena Vesnina, Russia and Jelena Ostapenko (10), Latvia, 1-6, 6-3, 6-4.
Svetlana Kuznetsova, Russia and Lucie Safarova, Czech Republic, def. Belinda Bencic, Switzerland and Marketa Vondrousova, Czech Republic, 6-2, 6-4.
Ana Isabel Medina Garrigues, Spain and Arantxa Parra Santonja, Spain, def. Alison Riske, United States and Johanna Konta, Britain, 3-6, 6-4, 7-6 (3).
Zhaoxuan Yang, China and Hao-Ching Chan (8), Taiwan, def. Su-Wei Hsieh, Taiwan and Andrea Petkovic, Germany, 6-4, 6-4.
Tatjana Maria, Germany and Heather Watson, Britain, def. Manon Arcangioli, France and Sherazad Reix, France, 6-3, 6-4.
Renata Voracova, Czech Republic and Taylor Townsend, United States, def. Jessika Ponchet, France and Sara Cakarevic, France, 6-4, 6-1.
Johanna Larsson, Sweden and Kiki Bertens (9), Netherlands, def. Alla Kudryavtseva, Russia and Veronika Kudermetova, Russia, 7-5, 6-2.
Venus Williams, United States and Serena Williams, United States, def. Shuko Aoyama, Japan and Miyu Kato (14), Japan, 4-6, 6-4, 6-1.
Darija Jurak, Croatia and Donna Vekic, Croatia, def. Coco Vandeweghe, United States and Ashleigh Barty (7), Australia, 2-6, 6-4, 6-4.
Anastassia Rodionova, Australia and Nadiia Kichenok (16), Ukraine, def. Mandy Minella, Luxembourg and Anastasija Sevastova, Latvia, 3-6, 6-3, 7-5.
Aliaksandra Sasnovich, Belarus and Ying-Ying Duan, China, def. Olga Savchuk, Ukraine and Ana Bogdan, Romania, 6-3, 3-6, 6-1.
Samantha Stosur, Australia and Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova, Russia, def. Lidziya Marozava, Belarus and Lesley Kerkhove, Netherlands, 6-3, 6-4.
Mixed Doubles
First Round
Matwe Middelkoop, Netherlands and Demi Schuurs, Netherlands, def. Michael Venus, New Zealand and Hao-Ching Chan (6), Taiwan, 6-3, 6-2.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The United States and Qatar have reached a deal to resolve a years-old quarrel over alleged airline subsidies, as Qatar's government works to defuse tensions with the Trump administration.
A formal announcement could come Tuesday, when Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis meet with a Qatari delegation.
The agreement will see state-owned Qatar Airways agree voluntarily to open up its accounting books, the individuals said. U.S. airlines say the company receives billions of dollars in government payments that leave them at a competitive disadvantage. Qatar will also make a loose commitment that the flag carrier won't launch flights to the United States from Europe or other non-Qatari cities, creating yet more competition for the U.S. airlines.
The individuals briefed on the agreement demanded anonymity because they weren't authorized to discuss it ahead of a formal announcement.
Both sides of the dispute can claim the agreement as a victory — for very different reasons.
The U.S. airline industry can claim the increased transparency will create a powerful disincentive to unfair subsidies, as Qatar will no longer be able to mask such payments through creative accounting. The three major U.S. carriers — Delta Air Lines, American Airlines and United Airlines — have spent huge sums over the last three years pressing the Obama administration and Trump administration for tough action. They're eager to show a win.
Yet for Qatar, the agreement averts the more serious step U.S. airlines wanted: re-opening the so-called open-skies treaties that could lead to less favorable conditions for Persian Gulf airlines.
Qatar, denounced by President Donald Trump last year for allegedly funding terrorism, can also show it's cooperating closely and productively with U.S. regulators. That could help the tiny gas-rich kingdom draw a contrast with the United Arab Emirates, whose two airlines are also accused of improper subsidies but have yet to reach an agreement with Washington.
"Everybody gets to claim victory in this," said Helane Becker, an airline analyst for Cowen and Co.
Indeed, even before any announcement, American, the world's biggest airline by passenger traffic, praised the deal as a way to "thoughtfully address" Qatari subsidies. And United CEO Oscar Munoz applauded the agreement while thanking Trump's administration for "effectively representing the interests of the American aviation industry."
Though on the same side of the airline dispute, Qatar and the UAE oppose each other in a bitter, unrelated standoff. Last year, the UAE, Saudi Arabia and other Gulf nations blockaded Qatar after accusing it of supporting extremism and fomenting dissent throughout the region. Qatar hopes to change that narrative by enhancing counterterrorism cooperation and allowing greater U.S. visibility into its finances and banking practices.
In an eight-paragraph document laying out "understandings" between Qatar and the U.S., the Gulf nation will commit within one year to releasing audited financial statements for Qatar Airlines "in accordance with internationally-recognized accounting standards," according to a text of the agreement obtained by The Associated Press. Within two years, Qatar Airways is to disclose any transactions with other state-owned entities, such as caterers or other companies that support airline operations, closing what the U.S. airlines have claimed is a backdoor used by Gulf nations to hide illicit subsidies.
A side-letter to the agreement will state that Qatar's civilian aviation authority is unaware of any plans by Qatar Airlines to start so-called "Fifth Freedoms" flights — routes from third countries to the United States. Under the scenario U.S. airlines fear, Qatar Airways could offer flights from its Doha hub to, say, Paris or London, stop to pick up more passengers, then fly on to New York.
The side-letter only says there are no current plans to operate such service. That's short of a binding guarantee. There's also no commitment Qatar Airways won't expand its offering of Qatar-U.S. flights.
"This appears to be the administration essentially throwing a meatless bone to the three U.S. carriers to put an end to their rants against the Gulf carriers," said John Byerly, who was the chief open skies negotiator in the Obama administration and has also consulted for Emirates Airline and UPS.
The two UAE airlines — Dubai-based Emirates and Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways — aren't a party to the U.S.-Qatar agreement. Emirates Airline currently offers "Fifth Freedom" flights in which passengers can fly from New York-area airports to Milan, Italy or Athens without ever setting foot in the UAE.
All three Gulf airlines have long denied receiving unfair government subsidies. A Qatari government spokesperson declined to comment on the agreement. There was no immediate reaction from either Emirates or Etihad.
___
AP Airlines Writer David Koenig in Dallas and AP writer Jon Gambrell in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, contributed to this report.
___
Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP
MEXICO CITY (AP) — Mexico City prosecutors say they have arrested a man who signed off on an apparently faulty construction project that collapsed in the magnitude 7.1 earthquake of Sept. 19 and killed two women.
Prosecutors have not identified the suspect, who faces homicide charges.
But they said Monday they were in charge of ensuring the seven-story apartment building was constructed according to approved plans in 2016.
The prosecutor's office says the building's foundations didn't meet specifications approved for the site. It says the structure had "little resistance" and didn't meet specifications.
The quake killed 369 people in all, 228 of them in the capital.
Experts say recently built structures should have been able to withstand the quake.
Another suspect was arrested previously in the case.
US National Security Advisor Lieutenant-General H.R. McMaster arrived in Pakistan on Monday on an unannounced visit, a day after they hinted that Washington could take a tougher stance with Islamabad.
It was the first visit by a top member of President Donald Trump's administration to the militancy-hit country.
At their previous stop in neighbouring Afghanistan they suggested Washington may take a stronger line with Islamabad, for years seen as an unreliable US ally.
A statement by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's office said McMaster had "assured the Prime Minister that the new administration was committed to strengthening bilateral relations and working with Pakistan, to achieve peace and stability in Afghanistan and in the wider South Asian region."
McMaster's visits are being closely watched for clues to the Trump administration's future course of action in the region.
US-led NATO troops have been at war in Afghanistan since 2001, after the ousting of the Taliban regime for refusing to hand over Osama bin Laden following the 9/11 attacks in the United States.
The US has around 8,400 troops in the country with about another 5,000 from NATO allies, as efforts to negotiate a lasting peace settlement between Kabul and the Taliban have repeatedly fallen through.
Afghanistan routinely accuses Pakistan of providing safe haven to the Afghan Taliban.
"As all of us have hoped for many, many years, we have hoped that Pakistani leaders will understand that it is in their interest to go after these groups less selectively than they have in the past and the best way to pursue their interest in Afghanistan and elsewhere is through diplomacy, not through the use of proxies that engage in violence," McMaster said in an interview with Afghanistan's Tolo News Sunday.
The Pakistani statement added that McMaster's delegation included Lisa Curtis, whom US media have previously reported as their pick as senior director for South and Central Asia.
Curtis recently co-authored a paper calling on the US to stop treating Pakistan as an ally and instead "focus on diplomatically isolating" it if it continues supporting groups linked to international terror.
The US embassy said McMaster also met Pakistan's army chief General Qamar Javed Bajwa and other officials and described the meetings with Pakistani leaders as productive.
"General McMaster expressed appreciation for Pakistan's democratic and economic development, and stressed the need to confront terrorism in all its forms," it said in a statement.
Last Thursday the US military in Afghanistan dropped its largest non-nuclear bomb in combat for the first time anywhere. The target was a Islamic State group hideout and officials said up to 95 militants were killed.
SHOWTIME
The atomic bomb ain't got nothing on Film Twitter.
Last week, the well-respected magazine Sight and Sound named Twin Peaks: The Return the second best movie of 2017, despite the fact that it aired on a television network in weekly installments. “David Lynch's epic, mind-altering anti-detective TV series gave us exactly what we expected,” the publication explained, “by giving us nothing that we expected.” The TV vs. movie “debate” is a pointless argument (it also makes TV seem “less,” like it's not as dignified an art form as The Cinema), but pointless arguments are why social media exists. Film Twitter had thoughts, TV Twitter had thoughts, and Sports Twitter breathed a sigh of relief that, for a brief moment, they weren't the worst.
Entertainment Weekly asked actor and Golden Globe nominee Kyle MacLachlan for their thoughts on the matter. “I think it's kind of both,” they answered, unhelpfully. But! “David [Lynch] was very specific about calling them hours and not episodes. So they're 18 hours, and the way it was written and directed was if it were a long film. In other words, we didn't break it into pieces when we were filming. So I think structurally, it is a film.”
Somewhere out there, our own Alan Sepinwall just smashed something.
“Obviously, it was broadcasted on television and intended for television, but I think you could make the argument that it also works as a film,” MacLachlan continued. “The very first one that we did was episodic, but when they screened Twin Peaks, the original pilot, at the Television Academy, it held up as a film, which makes complete sense to me because it's directed by David Lynch. It just felt like it was a feature. And when they screened the first two episodes [of The Return] in Cannes this year, it had exactly the same results. It was seamless. The first two hours felt as if they were a film. So I think you could definitely make that argument.” I'd normally say MacLachlan should stay off Twitter for awhile, but nope: he's busy living their best life. All the power (and pie) to him.
(Via Entertainment Weekly)
You have to excuse Kanye for being so quiet during their apparent hiatus, he's been dealing with some stuff. But personal problems aren't keeping Yeezy from work as it's clear they have something planned for New York Fashion Week and now clues as to what he's got in store are finally leaking out.
Kanye's mother-in-law Kris Jenner let word slip at the Grammys that ‘Ye was going to miss the big show because they were busy with NYFW, and while that may have seemed like a rouse to hide a surprise they never did appear at the event. Kanye has, however, appeared in New York and according to multiple sources online not only is they revealing Yeezy Season 5 on Wednesday, but apparently Drake is involved and a new song “Lost Hills” might be on the way, too.
*re-downloads TiDAL for the 5th time* pic.twitter.com/uekbvQn4rO — 2DOPEBOYZ (@2DopeBoyz) February 15, 2017
Yeezy Season 5
The duo long ago confirmed that they were working on, or at least planning, a collaborative album and we may finally see the first concrete evidence of that pairing on the way. Nothing is concrete just yet, as all things with Kanye are as secretive as possible, but invitations to the event has reportedly been sent out — see above — including a rare “Lost Hills” t-shirt. The “Lost Hills” is of course the exclusive Calabasas neighborhood that Ye and Drake both call home (“See Kris Jenner I beep twice and I wave”) with dueling swimming pools and tons of famous friends. So yeah, sorry Future, we know you had big plans for Valentine's week but it looks like Yeezy has come through to own this week — coincidentally the anniversary week for The Life of Pablo and So Far Gone — and make it their own.
AP Photo/Julio Cortez
Nobody truly knows whether Floyd Mayweather's boxing match with Conor McGregor will turn out to be a unique spectacle or an overhyped debacle.
The only certainty is that the next 2
Comments
comments
Getty Image / Uproxx Studios
“Remix” is a funny term when it comes to music. It seems almost everyone has a slightly different definition for the term. Back in 2002, Diddy determined that they and their Bad Boy Records family had, in fact, invented the remix with an album that mashed up both existing songs with new verses and made massive posse cuts out of tracks that bore little resemblance to their titular forebears.
Continuing in that tradition, hip-hop has long held that simply tacking a new verse onto a previous hit constitutes a remix, changing up the beat and concept can count as well, or simply stripping down the instrumental works. The concept still remains relatively foreign to pop and rock, but the term mash-up could be construed as a natural substitution for remix, and dance music has been built on a foundation of producers borrowing each other's hits to try out their own renditions.
Because the term is so malleable, finding a good “remix” playlist on Spotify can be as time-consuming as the process of actually listening to one from beginning to end, and can feel as futile as finding Diddy's We Invented The Remix album on the platform (it is not, to the best of our knowledge, currently available on Spotify for unknown reasons). Fortunately, we did the work for you, trawling through any and every playlist with “remix” in its title to find only the best playlists featuring a majority of reworked songs — whether through the addition of verses, the changing of beats, or the outright covering of a song by an artist in a different genre — worthy of being called the Best Spotify Remix Playlists.
1 am lounge by Maxime Callais
A lower tempo mix billing itself as a hipster selection of songs that emulate the moment “that late night cocktail lounge becomes a club,” it borrows liberally from the catalogs of Kaytranada, Mura Masa, Mick Jenkins, and Snakehips to create a danceable playlist that seems to feature an equal blend of both originals and remixes. This is for fans of both off-kilter, under-the-radar hip-hop artists like Goldlink and bubbly electro pop producers Disclosure and Kygo.
Best 90's Hip-Hop Remixes by bleekwonder
For fans of a more throwback, traditional hip-hop sound, this list digs through the crates of some of the '90s' most defining moments, pulling out underground gems like Mace Ace's SlaughtaHouse standout “Style Wars” and Salaam Remi's slickly reworked “Nappy Heads” from The Fugees. This mix is very bass heavy, peppered with sampled drum breaks and a thorough East Coast bias, but it always seems to find a way to swing the pendulum back from all the Big L and Nas by incorporating Pharcyde and Compton's Most Wanted.
Best Hip-Hop Remixes by Hector Torres
While other mixes on this list tend to run really modern or very old-school, this one falls neatly into the mid-2000s pocket where rappers like Busta Rhymes, Eminem, Fat Joe, Lil Jon, and N.O.R.E controlled the airwaves. This one is packed to the brim with posse cuts like “It's All About The Benjamins” and “Throw Them D's Remix,” making it perfect for a Mitchell & Ness-styled throwback party full of New Era fitted caps and Timberland work boots.
Best of Remixes Hip-Hop/Rap & RnB TR by trllywd_records
David Guetta with Fat Joe, Remy Ma, and French Montana? Sign me up. Instead of what should be an unworkable dumpster fire of a corporate culture clash, somehow or another this quirky collaboration actually adds even more propulsive drive to the 2016 smash, and the rest of this list similarly finds ways to glue together disparate pieces that shouldn't work, but somehow do. Medasin's Dance Remix of DJ Khaled's “Wild Thoughts” springs to mind as an example, as well as the Kolony Remix of Steve Aoki's “$4,000,000” featuring none other than Bad Boy hitmaker Mase.
Hip Hop Remixes Rap Remixes Hype Remixes 2018 – 2017 Rap Remixed Hip Hop Remixed by Electrify Playlists
This list impossibly balances divergent aspects of rap alongside a number of unlikely but surprisingly enjoyable dance music luminaries. While many of the remixes here run closer to the standard hip-hop formula of adding a guest verse or two to an existing hit, such as Lil Xan's “Betrayed” and Tee Grizzley's “First Day Out,” it also finds time to squeeze in EDM-themed reworks as well. French Montana's “Unforgettable” receives a blessing from Major Lazer while Marshmello touches up Future's “Mask Off” — and that's just in the first hour.
Hiphop Remixs by Sean Galette
The 30 songs here represent the strongest overlapping of hip-hop's sharp lyricism with EDM's sonic sensibilities, throwing The Game over Skrillex, Gucci Mane onto Tiësto, and Rihanna over any of a pack of slick, techno-tinged producers including R3hab and GTA. While the mix may give off a bit of a novelty vibe, there is no denying the effectiveness of Kygo's “Starboy” remix or the ridiculously groovy bop of SZA's “The Weekend” over Calvin Harris‘ “Funk Wav Remix” beat.
Punk Goes Crunk (Remix) by Ben Norris
Okay, okay, I know what you're thinking. This has to be a joke, right? On one hand, there are a lot of tracks here that absolutely sound like they were constructed while the bands in question goofed off in garage practice sessions. But Fame On Fire's “XO TOUR LIF3” cover is the perfect encapsulation of just what hip-hop has been doing in the last few years, synthesizing punk aesthetics with gangsta rap tenets to create something wholly its own. It's a raucous, head-banging ride of track that really captures the appeal of Lil Uzi Vert's anti-boom-bap approach. There are some other gems here as well, “Black Beatles” by Our Last Night and “Run This Town” by Miss May I. Rap and rock may not always mix like peanut butter and jelly, but when they do the results can be pretty amusing.
Remixed by Spotify
This is the most dance-heavy mix on the list, with catchy reworks of hits from all over the musical landscape. A-ha, Aretha Franklin, Blackstreet, Coldplay, Marvin Gaye, Tracey Chapman, Warren G, and Whitney Houston all get high-energy blends of four-on-the-floor beats and futuristic synths that bridge the gaps between hip-hop, pop, R&B and modern house and techno. It's a fun, excellently-curated list from Spotify that exemplifies the best of what the streaming service can offer to its more musically open-minded and adventurous users.
About 1,000 residents of Ukraine's largest rebel-held city on Wednesday demonstrated outside the hotel were monitors with the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe stay to complain that the monitoring mission in the conflict is ineffective.
Demonstrators in Donetsk Wednesday carried banners telling OSCE monitors to "open your eyes" and "speak the truth."
More than 9,800 people have died since April 2014 in fighting in eastern Ukraine between government forces and Russia-backed separatists. Fighting on Donetsk's outskirts escalated for several days early in the month.
Separatist rebels have been deeply unhappy about the OSCE mission, which along with reporting acts of war on the Ukrainian side has documented the movement of rebels' heavy artillery and troops, indicating a possible Russian involvement among other things.
The local monitors' director, Olga Skripovskaya, said unarmed staff had been unable to reach a section of the city that was coming under sniper fire.
"Both sides have very big expectations from us ... (but) the mission is a civil mission, which cannot influence parties who are shooting," they said.
Ever since Russian-backed separatists took control of Donetsk in spring 2014 all rallies and gatherings have been tightly controlled. Rebel commanders off the record have vented their frustration with OSCE monitors who are practically the only non-Russia-affiliated representatives except for rare journalists who still have access to this area.
Locals have been seen rallying against the OSCE mission in the past. In one incident they vandalized the observers' car, making it impossible for them to leave for a monitoring trip.
Almost all protesters at these rallies typically refuse to talk to journalists and some have indicated that they were not there of their own volition.
LAKE MARY, Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--For a second time, Jeunesse was named as one of the Best Places to Work in Direct Selling by “Direct Selling News . ” Jeunesse is one of just 13 companies to be honored in the 2018 competition.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006546/en/
Global direct selling company Jeunesse has been selected as a 2018 Best Places to Work company by Direct Selling News. (Photo: Business Wire)
Direct Selling News partnered with Quantum Workplace to implement a confidential and anonymous employee engagement survey whose results determine the industry's Best Places to Work. To be honored in the competition, companies had to meet minimum participation requirements and select survey results targets.
To earn this distinction, the Jeunesse survey was measured against the results of all Best Places to Work surveys, then compared to the top three overall survey results. The company's strong corporate culture, recognition programs, career growth opportunities and benefits program all factored into its favorable employee engagement.
“We are so honored and humbled to be named among the Direct Selling News ‘Best Places to Work in Direct Selling' for a second time,” said Jeunesse Chief Visionary Officer Scott Lewis. “To watch our global corporate family grow from a few dozen to more than 800 while maintaining an inspiring culture has been extraordinary. We are profoundly grateful to our global team and their unrelenting passion for Jeunesse. Without their consistent dedication to our family of Jeunesse Distributors around the world, we could not fulfill our mission to have positive impact in the world.”
For nearly 15 years, Quantum Workplace has worked with more than 88,000 organizations to implement more than six million engagement surveys through 47 state and national competitions.
As a Best Places to Work in Direct Selling honoree, Jeunesse was profiled in the April edition of Direct Selling News.
About Jeunesse
Jeunesse is a global direct selling company with a mission to positively impact the world by helping people look and feel young, while empowering them to unleash their potential. The company's exclusive skin care and nutritional products form a comprehensive Youth Enhancement System. With multilingual customer service, back office support and a global enrollment system, Jeunesse utilizes a cutting-edge platform to share innovative products, training and support through 32 fully operational offices to markets in over 140 countries. Learn more at .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006546/en/
CONTACT: Jeunesse
Lynn McGovern, 623-363-6925
lynn.mcgovern@jeunessehq.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA FLORIDA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ONLINE RETAIL HEALTH FITNESS & NUTRITION RETAIL COSMETICS SPECIALTY
SOURCE: Jeunesse
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 04:03 PM/DISC: 04/24/2018 04:03 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006546/en
Pat Elder reveals how US military recruiters lock young people into contracts of life and death. Donate to order this gift now!
21:25 Reported News Briefs Nissan 3, 5778 , 19/03/18 Nissan 3, 5778 , 19/03/18 Signs of a security escalation? Read more Commentator Ehud Yaari tries to answer the question: Is Israel on the way to a security escalation in its fight against the Palestinians? ► ◄ Last Briefs
NEW YORK (AP) — Facebook says it is banning ads for financial products often associated with deceptive practices, including those involving cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin.
The new policy says ads can't promote such services, which also include those involving initial coin offerings. Those offerings are a means of raising capital by selling digital currency that can then be traded. The digital coins or tokens represent an interest in a company.
Facebook says examples of fraudulent ads include phrases like "use your retirement funds to buy Bitcoin!"
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Everyone is excited about New Japan's United States debut in Long Beach. Everyone. Especially the Bullet Club, because the Young Bucks are basically from Long Beach. (In California, everything south of San Luis Obispo is basically the same thing.) The resident dominant heel faction is so excited about the G1 Special events, in fact, that they've taken out their own “paid advertisement” for the shows.
The influence of the nWo really is the gift that keeps on giving, and this video is a great reminder that the nWo's “paid advertisements” on Nitro were really great, and why nWo became such a phenomenon before it was like three straight years of 40 guys just ruining every main event and title match.
ANYWAY, this video has everything: a commercial for cold spray, plenty of taunting the Bullet Club's opponents, perhaps some very subtle seeds of dissent being sown between Cody and the Elite, a video package that actually tells you who is a Hangman Page is and why you should care about them beyond penis jokes, and perhaps the greatest backhanded compliment of all time from Kenny Omega to Nick Jackson to cap the whole thing off.
Get us to Long Beach already, jerks. We're tired of not being able to see Billy Gunn singles title matches in 2017!
Spanish police say the man suspected of plotting an ISIS-inspired attack in Colombia appeared on their radar for their hate-filled messages toward the United States, a country where they had lived and was allegedly trying to get to.
A Colombian judge jailed Raul Gutierrez last week on terrorism and conspiracy charges.
On instant messaging app Telegram, the 45-year-old Cuban man said that they would commit a suicide attack in the name of God and the Islamic state, two of the Spanish investigators following the case told The Associated Press.
The agents said the alleged attack was initially planned for March 6 but was later rescheduled for March 13. They spoke anonymously out of security concerns.
Gutierrez was arrested on March 12.
Caitlyn Jenner, whose Republican leanings have made them something of an oddity in the trans community, lashed out on Thursday against President Trump in defense of the LGBT community.
In response to news that U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions had reversed a policy that protects transgender workers from discrimination, Jenner made use of Twitter's new 280-character limits.
"Trump administration's latest in a string of attacks on trans people: trans students, trans service members, & now employment protections for trans workers," Jenner wrote. "This systematic gutting of non-discrimination protections for trans people is a disgrace!" They tagged Sessions and Trump at the end.
Jenner has long gone back and forth in regards to their feelings on Trump. Although they are a steadfast Republican who earlier this year mocked liberals during the College Republicans National Convention, they balanced a difficult tightrope as the GOP is historically less welcoming of gay rights policies.
Twitter users quickly a bit back at Jenner's tweet: "Weird. It's almost as if they're doing what everyone f--king told you they would do," one wrote.
Another added, "You voted for him, you live with the consequence."
NEWPORT BEACH, Calif. (AP) — Authorities say 3 people have died and 2 people are injured after a helicopter crashed into a Southern California home.
City Winery Nashville
Welcome to EAT THIS CITY, your tour of the best restaurants in one of our favorite cities, as chosen by a world-class chef, celebrity, or local hero.
This week, we return to Nashville, Tennessee, a city we haven't eaten our way through since January of 2016, when Maneet Chauhan was nice enough to give us a glimpse into the local food culture. Nearly two years later, we return to the city under the guidance of Garrett Pittler, one of our favorite (and most irreverent) contributors to Chefs Tell Us. Nashville has traditionally been known as a music destination, but has recently asserted itself as a culinary force. In fact, Conde Nast Traveler said “There's enough going on food-wise to warrant a trip solely for eating.” If anyone can point us in the direction of good eats, it's Chef Pittler, the executive chef of Nashville City Winery.
A graduate of the Baltimore International College of Culinary Arts, and a former chef tournant for the Omni Nashville Hotel, Pittler knows flavors and they know Nashville. They have worked with City Winery Nashville to update the restaurant's menu to showcase the urban winery's goods, which won Wine Spectator's 2017 Award of Excellence. In fact, he's done such a good job that the restaurant is a 2017 recipient of TripExpert's Expert's Choice Award — which takes into account reviews from newspapers, magazines, and travel guides. And, one look at the cuisine makes the reasons for the high rankings clear.
Interested in learning about the best places in the city to dine? Strap in and get ready for the blunt truth. Chef Pittler doesn't deliver it any other way.
Cameron tells Yahoo Movies they viewed Paxton as “the consummate artist” who had a “deep appreciation for art and culture” that wasn't just confined to the cinema. Moreover, the director says that the actor was a one-of-a-kind person — “they certainly broke the mold” — and noted that they became “fast friends” beginning in 1981, when both of them were still working for legendary B-movie producer Roger Corman. It was a friendship that would last for decades, and was still strong at the time of the actor's death: Cameron reveals that they last spoke with Paxton the night before the heart surgery that tragically ended the actor's life at age 61.
Watch: Bill Paxton reveals the original ending of ‘Titanic':
Read more from Yahoo Movies:
First-hand wartime testimonies and poetic fragments from Syrians, collected by Wendy Pearlman. Donate to order this gift now!
"A beacon of hope in the darkest of times." -- Sarah Jaffe. Donate to order this gift now!
Written by: Kim Wilkinson
This article has been supplied and reproduced with permission from Kim Wilkinson, a 96five community contributor.
Christmas is a time of year to celebrate, and be grateful. It's a time to think upon the year that has been, and the one that is yet to come.
More often than not, we end up filling our days in crowded car parks and shopping centres, working long hours on end of year projects, and overbooking our social calendars in an attempt to find some enjoyment amongst the chaos.
Can Christmas really be stress-free?
Based on experience, you may think that there is no other option but to brace yourself and endure the stress that Christmas can bring. However these 7 tips will help you prepare for the extra demands, and give you a chance to enjoy this special time of year.
1. Make Some Space
Take time to make space for decorating your home, and hiding presents. Put away things you won't need for a few months. This can be as simple has storing blankets and winter clothing in boxes under beds. Take the opportunity to donate or throw out things you haven't worn or used in the last year. Having a general tidy up will give you the space needed for tip number 2.
2. Decorate
Decorating your home is a sure fire way to put you in a positive mood for Christmas. Getting your tree and decorations up early gives you sensory reminders throughout the season. Nothing brings a smile quite like twinkling fairy lights, fresh pine cones and shiny baubles.
3. Clear out your pantry and fridge
Christmas celebrations always revolve around food. It's a time when you want to be prepared with fresh and festive options as friends and family drop by. Check for best-before dates and throw out anything that has expired. Make sure all leftovers, and those cheese board items from your last dinner party, are long gone. You want to avoid having old food mistakenly included in the festivities.
4. Look for supermarket specials
As you will be preparing and serving festive food, make a list to check for in weekly catalogues. When on special, buy pantry items and cross off your list as you go. As you get closer to December 25, you can also look for perishable items with a January use-by date. Also make sure you add a box or two of chocolates to the list. These can often be found at half price, and come in handy for as last minute gifts.
5. Clean and plan preparation areas
This is a great time to clean the BBQ and oven in preparation for all the extra cooking. Make sure you have all the utensils, pots, pans, trays and equipment you need. Fix or throw out anything that is no longer working or useful.
6. Delegate
If living with other people in your household, Christmas preparation shouldn't all be up to you. All these planning activities can be shared. Kids can help with cleaning out unwanted and old items, while grown ups can clean and shop. Decorating is always a great activity to bring the whole family together.
7. Rest
Make sure to book in time for yourself to rest, relax and unwind. That way, when Christmas Eve comes around, you'll be able to enjoy every moment of the days to follow.
Transcript for Father of three victims apologizes after lunging at former USA Gymnastics team doctor in court
The dramatic and raw moment in court today. The father lunging towards former gymnastics team doctor, Larry Nassar. Their daughters were abused by Nassar, and they said they were unable to contain himself. Here's ABC's Lindsey Davis with the moment. Could I have a chance to say something? You son of a . Reporter: Mayhem? A Michigan courtroom this morning after this plea from a father of three girls who say they were molested by Larry Nassar. I ask you to, as part of the sentencing, to grant me 5 minutes in a locked room with the demon. Would you do that. That is not -- Yes or no? No, sir, I can't do that. Would you give me one minute? You know I can't do that. That's not how our legal system -- Well, I'm going to have to -- Reporter: Deputies tackle Randall margraves to the ground. Need to verbate "I want that sob ." Reporter: Nassar seen ducking under a table as their attorney tries to protect him. As they are led from the courtroom margraves tries to explain. You cannot behave like this. I want to make this crystal clear. Well you haven't lived through this, lady. Reporter: The chaos erupted after two of their daughters gave victim impact statements in yet another sentencing hearing. One thanking their parents for standing by them. You have done everything that a parent could ever do. I love you. Reporter: As for the father who lost it D-- I lost control, and I apologize a hundred times. Reporter: No charges. Margraves apologized to the court saying they were angered seeing Nassar shake their head while their daughters spoke. I'm embarrassed. I'm not here to upstage my daughters. I'm here to help them heal. Love people can understand the anger of these parents, and lipidsy joins us tonight, and there are more questions now. In the meantime, for the U.S. Olympic committee after "The Wall Street journal" reported that they were aware of abuse, but did not alert athletes or law enforcement? Reporter: David, the usoc tells us they have consistently said that they learned in 2015 that a doctor had potentially abused an athlete and that it was reported to the FBI. They say they are now launching an independent investigation to determine the who, what and when of it all, David. Lindsey Davis on this again
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Edmonton Oilers' Oscar Klefbom (77) and Connor McDavid (97) wait for hats to be picked up after Connor McDavid scored a hat trick against the Calgary Flames, during the third period of an NHL hockey game Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017, in Edmonton, Alberta. (Jason Franson/The Canadian Press via AP)
The hats were flying on the first two nights of the NHL season.
Connor McDavid, Alex Ovechkin, Wayne Simmonds and Brandon Saad each recorded a hat trick in their team's season opener. It's the first time four different players scored at least three goals in their season opener in 100 years, since the NHL's first two games back in 1917.
Ovechkin's hat trick that led the Washington Capitals to a 5-4 shootout victory at Ottawa was the 18th of their career, most among active players and tied for 20th-most all time. Reigning MVP McDavid picked up their second already at age 20.
The hat tricks by McDavid and Simmonds were the first, respectively, in franchise history for the Edmonton Oilers and Philadelphia Flyers in a season opener. Saad's hat trick in a 10-1 drubbing of the Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins was the first by a Chicago Blackhawks player in a season opener since Hockey Hall of Famer Bobby Hull in 1965.
The four players who scored three-plus goals in the league's first-ever games — Joe Malone and Harry Hyland of the Montreal Wanderers, Cy Denneny of the original Ottawa Senators and Reg Noble of the Toronto Arenas — were all alive more than 100 years before McDavid was born.
___
Follow Hockey Writer Stephen Whyno on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/SWhyno
___
For more AP NHL coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
The disaster of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 made clear how vulnerable New Orleans and the low-lying communities along the Gulf Coast are to fierce storms and surging seas. So, a master plan was devised to shore up defenses and repair the sinking coastline that protects the city. Now, authorities have released an updated $50 billion, 50-year plan that rethinks and bolsters those defenses.
Basically, the current plan is divided in half: $25 billion for restoration projects and $25 billion for protection projects, such as levees and helping residents raise their homes above 100-year floodplains and, in some cases, moving people out of the floodplains.
The planners now have “a lot more of the science necessary to help design some of these projects and more information about how high sea levels will be — which has required them to make dramatic changes in what they would expect to happen,” says Mark Schleifstein, an environment reporter with the New Orleans-based Times-Picayune who has been reporting on the plan and following the public's response.
“[Now], it's more a question of what can they save and what they can't,” Schleifstein says. “They've made very clear [that], while they keep talking about $50 billion in 50 years, the $50 billion is just a start for what will be a continuous, long-term process of providing more protection and more restoration.”
The new plan reflects an understanding that even with these steps taken, it will not lead to a “no-net-loss of wetlands situation ... there will be a significant loss of wetlands along the state's coast.”
Indeed, for the midlevel projection of sea level rise, the plan would create 802 square miles of new wetlands, but the reality is that the state would also still lose 2,000 square miles of wetlands — an area the size of Delaware, Schleifstein says.
In addition to rebuilding lost wetlands, the plan calls for restoring a cypress-tupelo forest next to the Lower Ninth Ward in New Orleans. “There used to be a shortcut for shipping that went to downtown New Orleans, called the Mississippi River Gulf Outlet,” Schleifstein explains. “It was completed [in] 1965, but since then the cypress forest that was in that area — what remained of it — has died because of the salt water that it allowed in. After Katrina, Congress determined that this navigation channel needed to be closed, because it was no longer financially feasible … So, they dammed it off at a midpoint, and they're going to be filling in part of the area that was a cypress forest to get it to the depth where they can start growing cypress trees again.”
The $25 billion that's set aside for levees, berms and other protections includes a long-term plan to increase the height of the post-Katrina levee system around New Orleans by as much as three feet, Schleifstein says.
“While the plan talks about it in the context of a 500-year event, the reality is that in 50 years, it may very well be that they're going to need that three feet to keep a hundred-year level of protection for the city of New Orleans, which would be enough for them to continue to have federal flood insurance in that area,” Schleifstein says.
The coastal restoration plan has also led to another regional benefit: “[There's] a viable industry being created around coastal restoration, in terms of engineering for the projects, in terms of a demand for new dredges to do some of the work for dredging, and for building wetlands,” Schleifstein says. “The state hopes and expects that it will actually be able to outsource some of those created jobs to other communities around the world that will need the lessons learned from here in Louisiana.”
This article is based on an interview that aired on PRI's Living on Earth with Steve Curwood.
From Living on Earth ©2016 World Media Foundation
The Knesset Finance Committee approved, Monday, 1.5 billion shekels in loan guarantees to advance projects in the "Occupant's Price" program for reduced-price housing for first-time homebuyers.
The guarantees apply to 1,790 dwellings in eight localities.
BERLIN (AP) — German police say they have arrested three suspects during raids against a group that is believed to have smuggled at least 160 migrants into Germany over recent months.
Federal police spokesperson Christian Meinhold said raids were staged in four German states Wednesday. Two suspects were arrested in Berlin and a third in Bad Muskau, on the Polish border, and seven properties searched.
The suspects are believed to belong to a group that smuggled migrants from the Czech Republic and Poland, largely using trucks.
The alleged smuggling took place since August and an investigation was launched in the fall.
Germany saw around 186,000 asylum-seekers arrive last year. That's much lower than the previous two years, but officials say it's still too high and that's due in part to smugglers' activities.
If Reese Gullenheimer looks a bit overwhelmed, there's a good reason. #UCBerkeley #abc7now He's moving in for Freshman year. pic.twitter.com/PoCPsRumkr — Wayne Freedman (@WayneFreedman) August 14, 2017
Its a madhouse outside the #UCBerkeley dorms today. Traffic jams. Parents. #abc7now Freshmen moving in. pic.twitter.com/K06VAE4vWc — Wayne Freedman (@WayneFreedman) August 14, 2017
Whether #UCBerkeley or any college/university, this is a lifetime experience. 2nd maybe to 1st day of school. Rough on parents. #ABC7now pic.twitter.com/vxhomY5lZs — Wayne Freedman (@WayneFreedman) August 14, 2017
I have done this day with my own daughter. Was an emotional wreck. #abc7now pic.twitter.com/qSG4ywq6Xo — Wayne Freedman (@WayneFreedman) August 14, 2017
Reese going 6500 new freshmen from all 50 states, 54 countries. 69 percent of #UCBerkeley frosh from California. Average GPA. 3.88. #abc7now pic.twitter.com/Y1EI1tofgF — Wayne Freedman (@WayneFreedman) August 14, 2017
Average #UCBerkely tuition and board for Cal residents will be $34,400. #abc7now pic.twitter.com/q4A7aSI8RK — Wayne Freedman (@WayneFreedman) August 14, 2017
The first night without your kid under your roof is the toughest, Dad. #UCBerkeley #abc7now pic.twitter.com/itI8oDvRtV — Wayne Freedman (@WayneFreedman) August 14, 2017
If the sound of hard wheels rolling across bricks doesn't give it away, then the sight of bins filled with bedding and microwaves, will. Or else, all of those parents having awkward goodbyes with their kids."I'm going to cry later," said Carl Gullenheimer, a single father, as they dropped off their first-born son Reese for first-year student year at UC Berkeley."What were you thinking those last few days with them at home?" I asked."I would like them to pack, maybe?"Carl and Reese would be one story among six-thousand, five-hundred new freshmen making their way through heavy Berkeley traffic to dorm rooms, this year. This is a universal story, repeated anywhere with a dorm and young students leaving home.For the kids, this is the day that marks the beginnings of their adult lives. For their parents, well, if you have been through this experience, then you know the mixture of emotions."When they got into UC Berkeley their head popped off," said Carl of Reese, a computer science major with a 4.66 GPA -- good enough to make the waiting list at Cal Berkeley, and eventually, to be admitted. It's tough competition.Fifty-three percent of this year's freshmen are female. Sixty-nine percent are California residents. Others come from all fifty states, territories, and fifty-four countries.Reese and their Dad hail from Scotts Valley. "What will you miss about home?" I asked Reese."My bed," they said."You know this is tougher on your dad than on you?""I do," they said."I remember the first time they got a bloody lip," reminisced Carl. "I don't know how 18 years went by so fast." At that point, they began choking up. We turned off the camera."You'll be alright," I told him. Having gone through this with my daughter, I know from experience that the first separation will get easier after that first night.
Thieves reportedly cut off Israeli vehicles on the road - then forced them to stop, allowing them to steal victim's car.
A car theft ring made up of three Palestinian Authority Arabs was broken up early Wednesday morning, following a string of carjacking incidents in the Binyamin region of Samaria.
The three suspects were captured by IDF forces and Israel Police units operating in an Arab village in the Binyamin area.
Authorities say the three carjackers would use their vehicles to pull in front of Israeli cars driving in the area, then slow down and stop, blocking the Israeli drivers' path. Once the Israeli car had been forced to stop, the carjackers would exit their vehicles, drag the Israeli drivers out by force, then steal their cars to a nearby Arab village.
During the arrest operation Wednesday morning, Israeli security personnel and police located a vehicle owned by an Israeli man from Ofra, whose car had been stolen Tuesday morning on Route 465 near Bir Zeit.
Other stolen property was also recovered during the arrest operation.
The three suspects are slated to be brought before an army court in Samaria for an extension of their arrests.
“Israel Police will continue to fight with uncompromising determination against gangs of thieves trying to harm the security and property of residents,” a police spokesperson said following the arrests.
Transcript for Lady Gaga to film movie with Bradley Cooper at Coachella
And we deserve some "Pop news." Good morning, everybody. We begin "Pop news" this morning with lady gaga. A trifecta going on for them at co-chel L.A. The festival happening this weekend in California. She's serving as the overall headliner as Beyonce dropped out and debuting their new song you're listening to called "The cure" and using it as a backdrop if you will film a scene for "A star is born." That little remake. You might have heard of it and the director and co-star broadly cooper and their team are asking extras to join them. All little monsters are encouraged to come over to their stage whering denim and boots and leave the usual inspired gaga at home. They shared this photo, their first shot in character opposite cooper and writes in part I'm so excited to star in my first movie alongside someone I'm lucky to call my friend and so grateful to Bradley for making my dream come true. I think I read they had to audition for that part. Yeah, they had to audition for the part and I did not now, googling this morning, there were -- I thought there were three -- this is the fourth remake of this. Yeah, there was a version back in the '30s then Judy Garland and then Barbara striegs sand. And now lady gaga looking forward to that. Also in "Pop news" this morning, the wedding of duchess Kate's sister pippa and the question, will they or won't she? We're talking about Meghan Markle attending and the answer is kind of. While there is no formal rule for Royals bringing dates to such occasions Megan will likely not attend the church service alongside their boyfriend prince Harry. A source telling "People" magazine she's trying as best they can to keep it in check sizewise but Markle requested time off from their show "Suits" and will attend all other wedding festivities including the reception and evening bash and it comes on the heels that word that prince Harry took a trip to Toronto over Easter weekend to visit them skipping their usual royal traditions for the holiday. Things heating up, I think. But also because it's pippa's wedding and you never want to outshine the bride. Exactly. Absolutely. So much I could say. Okay, okay. Over coffee. Finally, if you're a pet owner you might want to hide your iPhone. Your furry friends are likely to damage it out of sheer boredom. A new report, a protective plan provider released their damage report. It's very technical that name. Pets break stuff and reports are a bit ruff, 59% of squaretrade users say their pets have destroyed at least one phone with male animals more likely to be the culprit and made up for 63% of tech wreckers and the report gives a not so purrty report for others. Small dogs get into trouble. You know it's not surprising. So why do they do it? They report them as being cure os or complained bored and 60% their weapon of choice was their teeth. The culprit was chewing and that, everybody, is "Pop news"
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump says North Korea wants to hold a high-stakes meeting "as soon as possible" and they are praising Kim Jong-un as "very open" and "very honorable."
Trump is addressing their upcoming plans to meet with the North Korean leader during their discussions at the White House with French President Emmanuel Macron.
Trump's praise for the North Korean dictator stands in stark contrast to their past comments in which they referred to Kim as "Little Rocket Man." The Trump-Kim meeting is expected in May or June.
South Korean President Moon Jae-in is meeting with Kim on Friday to kick off a new round of high-stakes nuclear diplomacy with Pyongyang.
MOSCOW (AP) — A Russian speedskater says she's refusing their place at the Winter Olympics after several teammates weren't invited.
Olga Graf, a double bronze medalist from the 2014 Games in Sochi, had targeted a medal in the team pursuit race in Pyeongchang next month, but says that's no longer possible after teammates were excluded. They now say they won't race in any events.
In a statement on social media, Graf says "all my hopes to compete for the Olympic podium are fated not to be realized because sport has become a bargaining chip in filthy political games."
Graf is the first Russian to refuse an IOC invitation. That means there are now 168 "Olympic Athletes from Russia," who must compete under a neutral flag due to IOC sanctions for doping at the Sochi Olympics.
FILE - In this Feb. 10, 2017 file photo released by the Syrian official news agency SANA, Syrian President Bashar Assad speaks during an interview with Yahoo News in Damascus, Syria. Though still evolving, President Donald Trump's plans for Syria have come into clearer view since they ordered cruise missiles on a Syrian air base to punish Assad for a chemical weapons attack. Assad has violently resisted all attempts to end their rule, fueling a conflict that has killed as many as a half-million people. (SANA via AP, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) — Can threatening war crimes charges persuade Syrian President Bashar Assad to leave power? What about guaranteeing their safety in exile? These long-shot proposals are at the center of the Trump administration's new effort to resolve Syria's six-year civil war.
Though still evolving, President Donald Trump's plans for Syria have come into clearer view since they ordered cruise missiles fired on a Syrian air base to punish Assad for a chemical weapons attack. The strategy breaks down into three basic phases: defeating the Islamic State group, restoring stability in Syria region-by-region and securing a political transition in which Assad ultimately steps down.
The approach is little different than one that failed under the Obama administration, and arguably faces greater challenges.
Assad has violently resisted all attempts to end their rule, fueling a conflict that has killed as many as a half-million people. The opposition fighting Assad is far weaker after a series of battlefield defeats. And any U.S. plan for Assad will need the cooperation of key Syria ally Russia. Trump last week said U.S.-Russian relations "may be at an all-time low."
Still, several U.S. officials said Trump's national security team is using this month's instability in Syria to try to refocus conversations with Moscow.
Trump's cruise missile response to Syria's chemical weapons attack bolstered U.S. arguments that Russia is backing a potential war criminal in Assad, and restored America's ability to threaten military action if more atrocities occur. The officials said they hoped instead to rejuvenate cooperation with Russia on Syria, which could help begin repairing fractured ties between Washington and Moscow.
Trump's emerging plan includes these elements, according to several U.S. officials who weren't authorized to discuss internal policy considerations and demanded anonymity:
PHASE ONE: DEFEAT THE ISLAMIC STATE GROUP
Trump's airstrikes marked the first U.S. attack against Assad's forces, but there's no appetite for using America's military to depose Assad. Trump's national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, said Sunday the U.S. wasn't planning to send in more ground troops.
"Our priority remains the defeat of ISIS," Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said last week, using another acronym for the militant group.
The group has lost much of the territory it held in Iraq and Syria. The major exception is Raqqa, the group's self-declared capital in Syria, which the U.S. and allied rebel groups are preparing to attack in coming weeks.
PHASE TWO: STABILIZATION
After IS is defeated or its threat neutralized, the administration will try to broker regional cease-fires between Assad's government and rebels. Such truces have rarely held.
The Trump administration has spoken about "interim zones of stability." These would be different than the "safe zones" the Obama administration considered but never opted for because they would have required a U.S. military presence to enforce, potentially putting American aircraft in conflict with Syria's air force.
Under Trump's plan, the Assad government would be party to the stability zones and U.S. or Arab aircraft could ostensibly patrol them without clashing with Syrian warplanes.
With security restored, the administration hopes local leaders who were forced to flee can return and lead local governments. They could help restore basic services and police Syria. The basic idea would be Sunni forces policing predominantly Sunni areas, Kurdish forces policing Kurdish areas and so on.
At the national level, the aim is to set up a transitional authority to govern Syria temporarily. U.N.-sponsored peace talks have striven and failed for years to establish such an authority.
PHASE THREE: TRANSITION
Though Trump officials have made conflicting public statements about Assad's future, the emerging plan envisions a peaceful transfer of power. Assad's departure could occur in various ways.
One possibility foresees elections held under a new constitution, with Assad barred from running.
A grimmer possibility involves Assad going the way of former dictators Moammar Gadhafi in Libya or Saddam Hussein in Iraq, who were killed after being deposed.
A third option aims to use the threat of war crimes charges as leverage. While the administration believes Syria's government is culpable, the key is connecting the war crimes to Assad himself.
Ryan Duguid, SVP of technology strategy at Nintex, spoke with TechRepublic's Dan Patterson about the role of non-IT employees in cloud transitions.
Watch the video or read the transcript of their conversation below:
Patterson: The cloud has had an undeniably transformative effect on the enterprise and SaaS, of course, is at the heart of cloud growth. Now, the growth of SaaS might be up to non-IT workers.
Ryan, thank you very much for your time today. I wonder if we could first define how SaaS has grown historically to this point, and then we'll talk a little bit about why it's up to non-IT employees to help the growth of the cloud, and cloud-based applications.
Duguid: Certainly, so at the end of the day, the massive upswing in SaaS is driven for obvious reasons, right? There's cost savings associated with it, a lack of requirements for as many IT administrators to keep the lights on, but fundamentally, I think it's about speed of delivery of technology to the business, and that's always been a problem in the IT sector, and SaaS really makes the promise to solve that problem.
Patterson: So what is it about SaaS that has either reached an apex, or what is it that is now demanding non-IT employees to buy in as well?
Duguid: I think there are two parts to this, right? The first part is that at the end of the day, SaaS has largely been driven by demand from the business. IT historically has struggled to keep up with the requirements of the business, and so the business is constantly pushing for the latest and greatest technology.
I think the other side of it, is now there's a proliferation of SaaS vendors out there, when in the early days it was the big boys like the Workdays, and Salesforce and the likes. There's not a SaaS application for everything, for every business function, for every industry, no matter how large or small, and so as a result there's really this thirst or appetite for the business to get in and self-serve, even if IT's not willing to be a part of that journey.
Patterson: Can you give us a profile of some of the IT and business technology decision makers who are now involved in the process of adopting SaaS solutions for the enterprise?
SEE: Vendor Relationship Policy (Tech Pro Research)
Duguid: Certainly, it's the typical players, so it's everything from the CIO down to the VP's and directors of IT within an organization, but more importantly now what we're starting to see is a lot of decisions being made by what we call line of business IT. Essentially, very smart technology-focused individuals within a particular department. So, for example, in the sales department, you'll typically find a Salesforce administrator whose responsible for the deployment, the management, the feeding and nurturing of their Salesforce CRM, and so you're starting to see a lot more of that type of role turn up within an organization, whether they're responsible for Salesforce's CRM, your human capital management systems or the likes, but it's more of a de-centralized type of IT and larger organizations.
Patterson: Ryan, I wonder if you could leave us with a forecast, perhaps the next 6, 12, 18, months in the growth of not just SaaS, but the cloud, the multi-cloud and post-GDPR?
Duguid: Ha ha, post-GDPR. You know, I guess GDPR and other associated compliance requirements are sort of the stick that people wave to try and slow this down, but at the end of the day, the prediction I'd give is there's no stopping this, right? This is how technology is delivered to the business now. It meets the needs of the business, the pace, it helps people tackle digital transformation, get ahead of disruptive competitors in the marketplace, and so I think you're just going to see more and more, and from our perspective at Nintex what we're really fascinated by is the concept of IT and the business working together, where IT is empowering the business to get their jobs done with SaaS platforms. But the business is the ones choosing the technology. It's done with the right level of governance and control, but at the same time it's delivered with the ease and flexibility that helps the average employee get their job done more effectively.
For more on SaaS and cloud, subscribe to our Cloud Insights newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
By Jason Keidel
Just a week ago it said here that the best chance Conor McGregor had of beating Floyd Mayweather Jr. in their ballyhooed bout on Aug 26 was if Mayweather had, as every fighter has at some point, gotten athletically old.
And now, Mayweather either agrees with me or is being professionally coy for the sake of coin.
During a recent sit-down with Stephen A Smith, Mayweather mused over their upcoming fight with McGregor, and made some unusually candid and self-effacing assertions. Most notably, that he's lost a step and that McGregor is not only the younger man, but also larger and stronger. So, says Mayweather, this is the first time their foe as the edge, at least on paper.
It has long been Mayweather's M.O. to regard their foes with cheeky indifference – when they deign to acknowledge them – the man across the ring barely a bookmark during their self-indulgent monologues. But what if Mayweather is being genuine? What if they really realizes that what is happening to them happened to all before him, from Joe Louis to Ray Robinson to Muhammad Ali?
It's almost impossible to imagine this kind of persona makeover, especially in Mayweather. A tectonic shift from epic hubris to low-key humility is about as likely as Dikembe Mutombo winning the NBA's three-point shooting contest.
Is this newfound modesty or a new sales pitch? Is Floyd Maywether Jr making concessions to nature or theirs they too naturally arrogant to fear Father Time?
Mother Nature has humbled many a man, woman, and athlete, and made modesty a necessity. But when you're still 49-0 and driving a different Bugatti every day, it's hard to correlate modesty with someone who proudly lives like King Farouk. They graduated from Pretty Boy Floyd to Money Mayweather at least a decade ago, and has felt no need to earn a higher degree, at least not in terms of moniker or monetary appetites.
Mayweather is difficult to digest, even for those of us who still kneel at boxing's crumbling altar. But he's too naturally gifted and aesthetically pleasing when they ply their trade in the ring. The problems begin when they remove the mouthpiece and opens their mouth.
There's chatter about biblical debt due the IRS, how they need this fight more to keep the lights on than to turn McGregor's lights off. Tax bills and celebrities – especially athletes – are a common pair, like pop culture's peanut butter and jelly. If you ever saw the delightful documentary, appropriately titled, “Broke,” you'd be astonished by how many millionaires are paupers by 35.
Mayweather is long past 35. But even at 40, he's in sublime physical shape. Unlike many of their predecessors, like Ali, Mayweather never got soft around the middle. Roberto Duran often looked pregnant between bouts, then somehow sweated the cellulite into oblivion just in time to pummel their next opponent. Mayweather is a walking workout, 24/7 fit. For all their faults and foibles – and there are tons – they never disrespected their sport vis-a-vis their preparation or performance.
The latest drama sprouted from McGregor's camp, when former boxing champ Paulie Malignaggi agreed to spar with the loquacious cage fighter. McGregor specifically targeted Malignaggi because they opined publicly that McGregor had no shot at defeating Mayweather, if he'd even land a glove on him. After a few rounds and cleverly placed pics on social media, showing Malignaggi on their back, the longtime boxer fled the camp, wholly disputing what looked like a knockdown.
McGregor says it was clean; Malginaggi said they were shoved to the canvas. Then an odd arbiter stepped in. Shaquille O'Neal tweeted a few moments of the sparring, which showed McGregor knocking Malignaggi all over the ring, peppering them with lead lefts and roundhouse rights. The disputed knockdown seems equal parts punch and push.
Was Malignaggi tanking for the inherent click bait it brings? Was they out of shape or out of their mind? Or is McGregor really a fine boxer who simply prefers mixed martial arts?
None of us really knows any of those answers. We do know that, other than being fine athletic specimens who are great at beating people up, Mayweather and McGregor are also showmen and wildly gifted salespersons, their tongues almost as sharp as their punches. There's a reason this fight had more public than pugilistic appeal. One thing – perhaps the only thing – Mayweather and McGregor have in common is that just as many folks tune in to see them lose as to watch them win.
So for some folks the good news is that, on Aug 26, either Floyd Mayweather Jr or Conor McGregor is going to win the fight. For most folks, the best news is that one of them will lose.
Transcript for Winter storm and freezing cold approaching the Northeast
To the weather, and there is a storm brewing as we begin the weekend in the plains and the midwest. It will then move east. This morning, take a look. Heavy lake-effect snow, triggering a massive pileup in Michigan. That storm on the move tomorrow. The northeast bracing for it by the end of the weekend. Rob Marciano with us again tonight, tracking it all for us. Heys, rob. Reporter: Hey, David. The cold has settled in. The windchill is five degrees and look at the number in the morning. That's the story. 7 below in Boston, and not a whole lot happening with the system tomorrow. Maybe the northern part and the great Lakes, and the snow starts to fly. The southern part and the southeast, and through Atlanta. North and west, a good swath of one to three inches of snow. Back through Chicago, a half foot around the Lakes and super bowl in Minneapolis. Minus 17 for a windchill. That is cold stuff. David? That's for sure. Rob Marciano, good to see you
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
RADIO CONTINENTAL 102.3FM
NEWS AT DAWN
MONDAY, AUGUST 14 , 2017
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT PROMISES TO FOOT MEDICAL BILLS OF VICTIMS OF OZUBULU CATHOLIC CHURCH MASSACRE.
ANAMBRA STATE COMMISSIONER OF POLICE CONFIRMS DEATH OF 2 PERSONS IN A FRESH ATTACK ON ANOTHER CHURCH IN THE STATE.
NIGERIAN LEADERS CONGRATULATE KENYA'S PRESIDENT UHURU KENYATTA ON Their RE-ELECTION.
KENYA'S OPPOSITION LEADER DECLARES DAY OF MOURNING TO HONOUR VICTIMS OF ELECTION VIOLENCE.
MANCHESTER UNITED THRASHES WEST HAM UNITED BY 4 GOALS TO NIL IN THE ENGLISH PREMIERE LEAGUE GAME PLAYED YESTERDAY.
FG: OZUBULU
The federal government has promised to give victims of the Ozubulu Catholic Church attacks the best possible medical treatment.
Minister of foreign affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama, gave the assurance in a media chat in Nnewi.
The minister said the attack, which left 13 worshippers dead and scores severely wounded, was extremely painful and unacceptable.
ANAMBRA KILLINGS
Seven days after the massacre at a catholic church in Ozubulu Anambra state by an armed man some armed men yesterday attack the assemblies of god church in the state killing a police officer and a civilian.
The Anambra State commissioner of police, Garba Umar who confirmed the incident to journalists, noted that the attack was not targeted at the church but at their men.
Umar explained that the police officers were on patrol near the church when they were attacked by some gunmen who took away a rifle belonging to the murdered cop.
NIGERIA/CHINA
The media team of president Muhammadu Buhari has disclosed plans to explore cooperation with china and build on existing relationship between both countries.
The special adviser to the president on media and publicity, Femi Adesina, made this public.
Adeshina revealed that transparency in governance, new media broadcast communication and socio-cultural values were areas in which they hope to share ideas with their Chinese counterparts.
ATIKU
Former Nigerian Vice-President, Atiku Abubakar believes that restructuring the country will place quality on state residency.
They said those issuing quit notices and counter quit notices to fellow Nigerians in various parts of the country were misguided.
The former veepee made the remarks in a statement issued by their media office, warning that retaliatory quit notices will only make Nigeria a blind nation.
PDP: DEFECTION
A People's Democratic Party governorship aspirant in Adamawa State, Jerry Kum-Disi has jumped ship to the governing all progressives congress, APC.
Kum-Disi said their defection to the governing party was based on personal conviction.
Receiving the former PDP chieftain, the state chairperson of the APC, Ibrahim Bila-Li said APC was open to new members who believe in its ideology.
OSINBAJO: KENYATTA
Acting President, Yemi Osinbajo has sent their best wishes to President Uhuru Kenyatta on their re-election as president of the republic of Kenya.
They noted that Kenyatta's re-election bears testimony to their selfless service to the country and wished them a successful new term in office.
Osinbajo also extended their best wishes to Kenyans on the successful conclusion of the general elections in the country.
Spokesman to the acting president, Laolu Akande noted that Osinbajo's messages were contained in a letter.
OBASANJO: KENYATTA
Also Former President, Olusegun Obasanjo has joined the league of well-wishers in congratulating the re-elected president of Kenya, Uhuru Kenyatta.
Obasanjo who also sent their wishes in a letter called on Kenyatta Toinvestigate the alleged result manipulation during the election, and to put appropriate measures in place ensure integrity of future elections.
The elderstatesman prayed god to grant the re-elected president of Kenya the wisdom to continue to guide Kenya as a united and progressive country.
KENYA
Kenya's opposition leader, Raila Odinga, has advised their supporters to stay away from work today over the disputed election result.
Odinga declared today as a “day of mourning for the fallen patriots who lost their lives during the rally in the capital Nairobi.
in the meantime, the international community has called for calm following Odinga's claim that the election was rigged.
EPL RESULTS
In the English Premier league games played yesterday, Manchester united defeated west ham united by four goals to nothing.
New signing Romelu Lukaku scored two of the goals while French teammates Anthony martial and Paul Pogba scored the remaining two goals.
And in the game played earlier Tottenham hotspur beat new castle united by two goals to nil.
Goals from midfielders Dele Alli and fullback ben Davies ensured the London club had all their way in the season opener.
RADIO CONTINENTAL 102.3FM NEWS AT DAWN MONDAY, AUGUST 14 , 2017
Protesters tore down a Confederate monument that stood since 1924 in Durham, North Carolina Monday evening, then took to the streets to protest the white supremacist rally which led to three dead and 19 injured in Charlottesville, Virginia over the weekend.
The planned protest was scheduled to meet around the Confederate monument, which was located on county property outside the Durham courthouse and has been the center of controversy for years. The base of the monument read “In memory of the boys who wore the gray,” and has been defaced with spray paint before. Protestors have attempted to use policy to take down the statue in the past, but North Carolina laws have prevented any changes to historical monuments. CBS North Carolina received an email from Durham County spokesperson Dawn Dudley, explaining:
“Due to a North Carolina state law passed a few years ago, Durham County is prohibited from removing or making substantive alteration to historical monuments and memorials. I share this to say that there is a statute in place making the efforts you mention below difficult to move forward. I would assume that the only thing possible are steps to reverse the law.”
Eyewitness accounts detailed how a woman climbed the monument then put a rope around it until the crowd pulled to topple it over. The protesters then took to the streets to continue their march against white supremacy and hate.
The latest on developments in financial markets (All times local):
9:35 a.m.
Stocks are sliding in early trading on Wall Street as health care companies and banks move lower.
Goldman Sachs sank 3 percent early Tuesday after its latest earnings fell short of forecasts due to an unusual miss in its trading business. That took about 50 points off the Dow Jones industrial average.
In health care, Johnson & Johnson lost 2.7 percent after its revenue came in below forecasts and Cardinal Health plunged 10.6 percent after issuing a weak forecast.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 5 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,343.
The Dow lost 75 points, or 0.4 percent, to 20,563. The Nasdaq composite slipped 10 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,846.
Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.21 percent.
By Daniel Ritz
On Jan. 28, more than 60 Dana Point residents joined the almost 20-person panel of the Dana Point Homeless Task Force (HTF) meeting led by City Council member Paul Wyatt.
During the meeting, which was held at the OC Sailing & Events Center in the Dana Point Harbor, due to steadily increasing public attendance, the panel discussed a plethora of topics surrounding homelessness.
Kelly Reenders, Dana Point's economic development manager, made a presentation of a new public information directive to inform community members of legislative and social issues surrounding homelessness. This information and more can be read at www.danapoint.org/residents/services-a-p/connections-for-homeless-resources.
Later in the meeting, Toni Nelson, founder of Capo Cares, offered the first public presentation of the Dana Point Homes for the Homeless Challenge, a call-to-action for the private citizens of Dana Point to financially support the “housing-first” perspective practiced by the Challenge's beneficiaries, Mercy House and Family Assistance Ministries (FAM) in an effort to balance “compassion for both the homeless and the community.”
A full description of the Homes for the Homeless Challenge can be read online at www.danapointtimes.com.
After breaking down the Challenge's financial goal of raising $680,000 annually for permanent supportive housing for Dana Point's chronically homeless and $150,000 in order to fund one-time costs of rapid rehousing for Dana Point's newly homeless, Nelson emphasized the need for support from all stakeholders benefitting from the housing of Dana Point's homeless.
Nelson was optimistic that the presentation would have a direct impact on the growth of the Challenge's fundraising.
Executive Director of FAM, Mary Purdue, voiced similar feelings.
Nelson emphasized that through Homes for the Homeless Challenge contributions, private citizens are able to allocate their funds to Mercy House and/or FAM specifically and directly to homeless services for those identified in the Dana Point community, according to HTF criteria.
For more information on Homes for the Homeless funding, visit www.commitchange.comand www.donatenow.networkforgood.org/fam.
In “Rough Night ” four women on a wild and crazy bachelorette weekend in Miami accidentally kill a guy and try to get away with it.
You know it's coming. It's right there in the trailer. In the middle of the party, Jillian Bell's coked out character runs full speed toward a male stripper to straddle them and inadvertently knocks the guy over. As their seat falls back, their head cracks into the sharp edged fireplace ledge behind him.
What the trailer doesn't show is the reddish black blood oozing out from the dead guy's head onto the white tile floor. Have I mentioned this is a comedy? Was the trailer warning us about this moment so we could be prepared? Or was it selling it as part of the laughs?
Others have tried to venture into this questionable terrain before, like the insanely awful “Very Bad Things,” in which the dead stripper is referred to as a “105 pound problem.” Comedies are welcome to test our moral flexibility, but it was extremely hard to get on board with the privileged cover-up antics of the “Rough Night” crew after the man bleeds out – no matter what narrative gymnastics they try to concoct to make it OK. Not even “Weekend At Bernie's” had the gall to make the protagonists the murderers.
The thing is, there is a lot of funny in “Rough Night,” the directorial debut of Lucia Aniello, who wrote the script with their partner Paul W. Downs (he also plays the straight-laced fianc of Scarlett Johansson's character). The comedy duo has the chops to make something wild and great – they've worked as co-producers and writers on the wonderfully manic millennial friendship comedy “Broad City,” which Aniello also directs occasionally.
For “Rough Night” they assembled a great (and brilliantly random) cast, including “Broad City's” salty star Ilana Glazer, Saturday Night Live's pinch-hitter Kate McKinnon, the fearless up-and-comer Bell and the wonderfully versatile Zoe Kravitz. They're put in an initial situation that's both relatable (college friends reuniting years later for a bachelorette) and gives room for things to get out of control (just add some cocaine, missed connections and a pair of crazy neighbors in Demi Moore and Ty Burrell). But it lacks “Broad City's” delicious edge and deranged specificity in favor of something more broad and generic.
We meet the girls briefly in college. Jess (Johansson), Alice (Bell), Blair (Kravitz) and Frankie (Glazer) are inseparable and unapologetically sloshed at a frat party owning a game of beer pong.
Cut to few years later and they've gone their separate ways and grown up, sort of. Jess is even running for office, sporting a politician crop and dowdy wares. There's a great bit between them and their campaign staff about the reasons she's lagging in the polls.
That most have evolved beyond their college selves makes the reunion feel a little bit like forced joy at the outset. But that's a good thing, and you find yourself cringing and laughing in equal measure as they negotiate how the weekend is going to go. Things take a turn, too, when Jess' friend Pippa (McKinnon, affecting an Australian accent) from a semester abroad shows up – throwing Alice into a jealousy spiral. But then the stripper comes, and dies, and it's excruciatingly hard to care or worry about whether or not they're going to get away with it, let alone how the friendship is going to survive this trial.
There are some wild moments that come after, and some of them are fun (watch out for the “sad astronaut”). I just wish they weren't in service of a throwaway gimmick that is too dark to stomach.
“Rough Night,” a Sony Pictures release, is rated R by the Motion Picture Association of America for “crude sexual content, language throughout, drug use and brief bloody images.” Running time: 101 minutes. Two stars out of four.
—
MPAA Definition of R: Restricted. Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian.
—
Follow AP Film Writer Lindsey Bahr on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ldbahr
Comments
comments
If flowers are your favorite part of spring, you're going to want to add these destinations to your bucket list.Some of the most beautiful sites in the world for flower lovers include the Wisteria Flower Tunnel in Japan and the cherry blossoms in Washington, D.C See more destinations in the video above or the gallery below for some serious floral-induced wanderlust.
Feb. 15, 2017 11:05 EST
Welcome to SparkSpread.com
This page is only available to subscribers.
If you are already a subscriber, please log in below...
Log in
If you would like to register for a free trial to SparkSpread.com, click here
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
AMMAN, Jordan (AP) — Doctors Without Borders is warning of a worsening situation in the Yemeni city of Taiz, where hospitals have been repeatedly attacked and where some 200,000 people are facing shortages of food, water and medicine.
Djoen Besselink, the head of the aid group's Yemen mission, told reporters in Jordan on Monday that attacks on hospitals, ambulances and medical staff had severely limited the group's activities in the city, which has been partially besieged by Houthi rebels since April 2015.
Besselink, who visited Taiz last month, said he's "never seen such destruction" at the four hospitals their group supports. They say "there's not a single room without bullet holes, the windows are gone, there's no more equipment. It's total failure."
They say the four hospitals treated over 10,000 people in 2016.
Transcript for Manhunt for Cleveland Facebook murder suspect expands to national search
Well we want to announce that. There will be there is an award. To 50000 dollars for the rest. Mr. Steve Stephens. Which comes to money comes from me if that ATF and who Marshal service. But also wanted to emphasize that. That we are steel engaged in a very aggressive. Am very. Focus. Attempt to find. Steve Stevens in and bring them to justice we rule emphasize again the need. For the community to give us support they've been very supportive. As they do when this incident and we as within the continued support. As the mayor stated. The new developments are they are war that's being offered. Thanks our federal partners in crime stoppers we appreciate. But also. Were still in points need to turn himself. Definitely two contact the relative or friend because there are a lot of folks out there that wanna talked. Want to get this resolved peacefully. So Steve if you're out there listening. Call someone. Whether it's a friend or family member. Or pastor our res. Now is. Basically all of this country. Our federal partners. Our local partners. Reached out to their contacts all of the country. And this is what we would consider. A national search.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
YouTube
Since the line's original unveiling in 2016, Mattel's “WWE Zombies” series has been one of the more unusual sets of WWE action figures. We've seen zombified versions of John Cena, Roman Reigns, Steve Austin and more, but never before have any of those designs come to life — that is, until horror special effects master Tom Savini came to Raw a few weeks back and transformed Sasha Banks from a Legit Boss into a Legit Undead. Savini, perhaps best known for creating Jason from the Friday The 13th film series, and their team do an incredible job morphing Banks into a zombie, who then goes on a nice midday stroll throughout backstage, trying to scare their fellow sports entertainers. (Unfortunately, most of their co-workers don't flinch, although Enzo Amore's elongated “eww” says more about them than any dirtsheet scoop has in the past month.)
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Banks even performed their ring entrance as a zombie, complete with remixed theme (note their hand rings now say “ZOM” and “BIE” — nice touch, y'all):
This handsome boy is named Juno and they are ready for fun! He's a lively 3-year-old Siberian Husky. They enjoy outdoor activities and playing with their canine buddies. Juno gets along with family members of all ages and would thrive in an active household. If you would like to know more about Juno, please call the San Clemente/Dana Point Animal Shelter at 949.492.1617, or visit with them at 221 Avenida Fabricante, San Clemente.
Share this: Share
Print
Email
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Reddit
Tumblr
FILE - In this Nov. 9, 2016, file photo, Conor McGregor gestures toward fans while working out at Madison Square Garden in New York. Boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr. said Wednesday, June 14, 2017, they will come out of retirement to face UFC star Conor McGregor in a boxing match on Aug. 26. Mayweather, who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of their pro fights, will face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never been in a scheduled 12-round fight at the MGM Grand arena. The fight will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez, File)
LAS VEGAS (AP) -- The real fun will come before the fight, and what a spectacle it should be. Put Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Conor McGregor on a stage together to promote their fight and anything can happen.
Put them together in a ring, though, and it's an absolute mismatch.
That's the first thing to consider when all the talk begins about what a devastating puncher McGregor is. The first thing to think about when it's suggested that Mayweather may have lost some of their skills after two years of traveling the world in their private jet.
If you thought you were snookered out of $100 when Mayweather fought a snoozer against Manny Pacquiao, you might keep a firm hand on your wallet. The greatest defensive fighter of their time against a guy who has never thrown a punch in a pro boxing match?
Let the yawning begin.
This could be 12 rounds of tedium on Aug. 26 in Las Vegas that makes Mayweather-Pacquiao look like Hagler-Hearns in comparison. It might be some kind of bizarre disqualification when McGregor finds out Mayweather doesn't stick their chin out to be hit the way some UFC fighters do or really does try to kick Mayweather when he's down.
What it won't be is any kind of legitimate fight, no matter how much rabid UFC fans want desperately to believe it will be.
That's no knock on McGregor, who is a ferocious puncher in the octagon with a personality to match their power. Indeed, they would likely be heavily favored over Mayweather had the two decided to do the fight under UFC rules.
One of the great trash talkers, too, who was just warming up on Wednesday when they told UFC chief Dana White what their intentions are.
''Conor told me this morning the McGregor clan has been taking over villages for 300 years,'' White said, ''and that Floyd's village is next.''
Good stuff, and there's lots more to come. McGregor can turn a phrase as well as they can throw a punch or a water bottle at an opponent.
If this was a reality show it would be a hit in the ratings. Just imagine the scene when McGregor rolls into Mayweather's new strip club in Las Vegas and mimics their propensity for throwing cash around.
But this is a boxing match, and Mayweather is a masterful boxer. They were throwing punches before they could walk, and if they had elected to stay in retirement he'd still be considered one of the top 10 fighters ever.
Two years out of the ring won't change that. Age won't be a factor, either, and Mayweather has never let themselves get out of shape.
Oddsmakers in this gambling city understand that, setting the initial line at a whopping 11-1 in Mayweather's favor. It would be even higher than that, but UFC fans will be lining up with $20 bills in hand to bet their man as an underdog.
''Realistically if we were just putting up a number and didn't have to take bets on it, Floyd would be 100-1,'' said Nick Bogdanovich, oddsmaker for the William Hill chain.
Mayweather was out on a run in Los Angeles when the fight was announced, training intensely already like they always do. Someone else will have to watch over the strip club for a few months while they focus on the task at hand.
There's huge money at stake, even for a fighter who made more than $200 million for beating Pacquiao. No one is making predictions, but it's likely the hybrid fight will at least end up in second place in pay-per-view sales behind the $400 million or so brought in by the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight.
Balance that against the chance McGregor may ruin their brand - and that of the UFC - by being embarrassed by Mayweather in the ring, and the money wins out.
Even White, who was initially skeptical about putting their star in a boxing match, seems ready now to push the idea that they could actually win.
''I've stopped doubting this kid a long time ago,'' White said. ''The reason he's such a superstar is this guy will fight anyone, anywhere, at any time.''
Give McGregor credit for doing that, but give them even more credit for what turned out to be a masterful plan to make the fight happen. It was two years ago that they first suggested they could beat Mayweather in a boxing ring, and he's trolled Mayweather ever since, jabbing at every opening until they finally got them to sign on the dotted line.
Sure, it's a freak show of sorts, bordering on something you see in WWE. But both fighters know their roles, and they will play them well.
So enjoy the ride, because it should be a wild one.
Just understand that the fun almost surely ends when the opening bell rings.
---
Tim Dahlberg is a national sports columnist for The Associated Press. Write to them at tdahlberg(at)ap.org or http:twitter.com//timdahlberg
Uber suspended its autonomous vehicle test program in the U.S. Monday after a woman was struck and killed by one of the company's test vehicles in Tempe, AZ. The company suspended its test programs in San Francisco, Phoenix, Pittsburgh, and Toronto, according to The Washington Post. It was the first known fatality tied to autonomous vehicle testing in the U.S.
The victim was 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg, and they were struck by an Uber vehicle in autonomous mode when they were crossing the road. A driver was behind the wheel of the vehicle—which is required in most testing environments—but the car was in autonomous mode. The Post reported that Tempe police said they were “walking outside of the crosswalk.”
“Our hearts go out to the victim's family,” Uber said in a statement. “We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident.”
Tragedy
I'm of multiple minds on this issue. On the one hand, true road safety will almost assuredly only be found once 100% of vehicular traffic is AI-controlled. The harsh reality is that the only way to get there is through testing.
As Timothy Carone, an associate teaching professor specializing in autonomous systems at the University of Notre Dame, told The Post:
It's going to be difficult to accept the deaths … but at some point you'll start to see the curve bend. The fact is these things will save lives and we need to get there. Hopefully it happens much faster and with a much shorter time scale [than it took with aviation].
On the other hand, Uber has exemplified the rules-are-for-suckers-and-chumps approach to this testing process, rushing to markets like Arizona where they can test without having the filthy fingers of government nannies tell them what to do. When it comes to harsh realities, the truth is that government nannies save lives in just about every major industry.
All the safety precautions we take for granted in agriculture, food, automobiles, aviation, medicine, pharmaceuticals, mining, shipping, trucking, trains, paint (how's that lack of lead working out for you?), and just about everything else were all developed either at the behest of or in partnership with government regulators.
Surely autonomous vehicles need the same sort of oversight. Personally, I'm hoping this tragic incident leads to federal guidelines and rules governing the development of autonomous vehicle systems.
UNCASVILLE, Connecticut (AP) — Courtney Williams scored 22 points and Jonquel Jones had 19 points and 12 rebounds as Connecticut beat the New York Liberty 96-76 on Wednesday night for the Sun's first win in the series since 2014.
Jones has four double-doubles in their last five games, averaging 17 points and 14.8 rebounds during the span.
Connecticut raced out to a 24-12 lead and never trailed. Williams scored 15 points in the first half as the Sun built a 45-32 lead and Rachel Banham's back-to-back 3-pointers to open the fourth quarter made it 80-56.
Alyssa Thomas scored 18 points, and Jasmine Thomas added 14 points and a season-high eight assists for Connecticut (4-5).
Tina Charles picked up their second foul with 4:46 left in the first quarter, had seven points at halftime, and finished with 17 for New York (6-4). Shavonte Zellous scored 16 points, including eight of the Liberty's first 13.
Connecticut is in fourth place in the WNBA's Eastern Conference, 2 ½ games behind leading Washington.
On Thursday, Indiana is hosting Atlanta and Los Angeles is at home to San Antonio.
___
The AP WNBA Power Poll can be found online at: http://collegebasketball.ap.org/ap-wnba-power-poll-week-5
The National Housing Authority (NHA) has approved bigger housing units for the military and police personnel from 22 square meters (sqm) floor area to 44 sqm, an official told a Senate hearing on Tuesday.
Architect Susan Nonato, group manager of NHA, said that as early as November last year, President Rodrigo Duterte directed the NHA and the Housing and Urban Development Coordinating Council (HUDCC) to immediately improve the government housing projects for the military and police.
“Our NHA management now approved the increase of the lot area from 40 sqm to 80 sqm lot area and the floor are from 22 to 44 under the AFP/PNP housing program,” Nonato said during the hearing of the Senate committee on urban planning, housing, and resettlement .
ADVERTISEMENT
AFP is the Armed Forces of the Philippines while PNP is the Philippine National Police.
“As agreed with the AFP/PNP housing boards, immediate occupancy of the housing units will be required,” added Nonato, who is also vice chair of AFP-PNP housing committee of NHA
The NHA and the AFP/PNP housing boards also agreed, among others, to conduct a joint inventory of the housing units, including actual occupancy per site.
Nonato said the NHA will also require all developers of the housing units to immediately install powers and water facilities and construct a guard house and entrance gate for identity.
Duterte earlier promised to build better houses for the military and police personnel after members of the urban poor Kadamay occupied the more than 5,000 housing units in Pandi town and San Jose del Monte City.
READ: Duterte vows to give housing units in Bulacan to Kadamay
Senator Joel Villanueva described Kadamay's “take over” a “sign of desperation.
On Villanueva's query, NHA General Manager Marcelino Escalada Jr. disclosed that only, 8,240 of the 66,184 government housing projects were occupied .
ADVERTISEMENT
“It's out of 66,184, we have unoccupied 55,124,” Escalada said.
The NHA head explained that after the NHA financed and constructed the units, they turned over them to the beneficiaries.
“So in terms of seemingly the delay or what causes the both boards —the AFP and the PNP—why did the award take so long, I think that is a question that we can ask of course our partner who are the supposed to be the beneficiaries…” Escalada pointed out. IDL/rga
Getty Image
Last week, an ad that was questionable at very best found its way onto Snapchat's platform, an ad that joked about the history of violence between Chris Brown and Rihanna. Naturally, Rihanna wasn't too pleased with it, so they took to Instagram to respond, accusing Snapchat of making light of domestic violence and saying, “Now Snapchat, I know you already know you ain't my fav app out there, but I'm just trying to figure out what the point was with this mess!”
The fallout from Rihanna's response was significant for Snapchat: The company's stock value dropped significantly, and now we know how bad the damage was: CNN notes that Snapchat's market value took a hit of $800 million.
Snapchat has had it rough the past few weeks when it comes to celebrity relations: Before Rihanna's damaging words, Kylie Jenner tweeted back in February, “Sooo does anyone else not open Snapchat anymore? Or is it just me… ugh this is so sad.” After that tweet, Snapchat's market value dropped by $1.3 billion, meaning that together, Rihanna and Jenner have cost Snapchat about $2.1 billion.
This is just the sort of hit that Snapchat doesn't need right now, since users are pretty frustrated with the app's new interface, which is causing a surge in popularity for Instagram's similar Stories feature.
Twitter Inc (ticker: TWTR) may have delivered some much-needed user growth in the first quarter, but the stock remains a risky bet for long-term investors. According to a new report by Aegis Capital analyst Victor Anthony, Twitter's road to success is getting narrower by the day in the face of growing competition from Facebook ( FB) Alphabet ( GOOG, GOOGL) and Snap ( SNAP).
Twitter's growth struggles are common knowledge among investors, but Aegis' user growth checks suggest Twitter will report incrementally positive growth user in the most recent quarter.
Anthony says Twitter's first-quarter user growth offers "a glimmer of hope" but is "not significant enough to warrant a shift back in ad spend by advertisers."
Twitter stock is down 64 percent in the past three years and is trading near all-time lows. Despite the sell-off, Anthony says Twitter stock still isn't a bargain.
"While we believe the product itself has improved with better Tweet relevance, personalization, video and artificial intelligence, we still see no clear reason to own the equity and see more downside risks to the stock due to the ad struggles," Anthony says.
[See: High-Tech Investing: 7 Sectors to Watch.]
Twitter is still struggling to address the fundamental problem that advertisers are simply getting a better return on their investment by buying ads on other social media platforms. Not surprisingly, Twitter has been losing market share to its competitors, a trend that Aegis expects will continue.
Twitter investors are growing used to trends heading in the wrong direction. In addition to declining market share and share price, Piper Jaffray recently reported that Twitter's popularity among teen users has declined for the second consecutive year. The firm's bi-annual teen survey revealed the percentage of teens that consider Twitter their favorite social media platform has fallen from 21 percent in 2015 to only 11 percent in 2017. Snapchat (39 percent) and Facebook's Instagram (23 percent) remain the top social media picks among teens.
[See: 6 Things to Know About Mark Zuckerberg's Manifesto.]
Until Twitter demonstrates that it can compete among the next generation of social media platforms, Anthony expects the stock to continue heading south. Aegis maintains a sell rating on Twitter and a $12 price target for the stock.
Wayne Duggan is a freelance investment strategy reporter with a focus on energy and emerging market stocks. They have a degree in brain and cognitive sciences from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and specializes in the psychological challenges of investing.  They are a senior financial market reporter for Benzinga and has contributed financial market analysis to Motley Fool, Seeking Alpha and InvestorPlace.  They are also the author of the book "Beating Wall Street With Common Sense," which focuses on the practical strategies they have used to outperform the stock market. You can follow them on Twitter @DugganSense, check out their latest content at tradingcommonsense.com or email them at wpd@tradingcommonsense.com.
For the first time in 30 years, the U.S. Marine Corps will be airing an ad during a Super Bowl, using an online-only spot Sunday to target a young, tough, tech-savvy audience for potential recruits who are looking for a challenge.
The high-powered, battle-heavy, 30-second ad shows Marines deploying off ships in amphibious vehicles, dropping bombs from aircraft and hurling a shoulder-launched drone into the air.
"It's not just the ships, the armor or the aircraft. It's something more. It's the will to fight and determination to win found inside each and every Marine that answers a nation's call," the announcer says, as the camera follows a squad of Marines storming off helicopters into a mock firefight while explosions erupt around them.
The goal, said Maj. Gen. Paul Kennedy, head of the Marine Corps Recruiting Command, is to reach a key demographic — young men and women who have faced and conquered challenges in their life, probably played combat sports like wrestling or rugby, and have a bit of that fighting spirit.
Network television viewers of the game won't see the Marine spot. But those watching through online streaming services — which charge a fraction of the advertising price — will see it twice.
"I'm not trying to enlist fathers or mothers, I'm trying to enlist 18 to 24 year olds," said Kennedy. "And they tend to be cord cutters. They take in entertainment differently and they tend to do it on a device rather than a television."
The Marine Corps would not provide the exact cost because the specific pricing is proprietary. But the online ad represents a savings of nearly 85 percent over the broadcast price. Thirty-second slots are going for more than $5 million for broadcast airtime alone. And the online ad — which can be viewed on www.marines.com — is expected to reach more than 20 million viewers.
As the military services struggle to meet recruitment goals in these times of low unemployment, they are competing for many of the same young people — physically fit high school graduates who can score 50 or higher on the military's aptitude test.
The Marine Corps is on target to meet its recruitment goal of about 38,000 for the fiscal year ending Sept. 30. But recruiters have historically found that the months of February through May are the toughest for finding new enlistments. By this time, many high school seniors have decided what they will do, or what college they will attend.
So Kennedy is hoping the ad will reach some who may still be open to serving in the Marine Corps. Targeting the streaming broadcast has now become a more effective option as viewership online grows, they said, and is the best way to reach more young people while spending less money.
"I don't have unlimited funds," they said. "And this is probably the most-watched event, as we move into the toughest months of recruiting."
The visuals in the ad, they said, go to the heart of what Marines do, deliberately focusing on the fight rather than some of the intangibles such as the potential for paid college tuition, bonuses or other incentives. And they are designed to attract people who are tough and resilient — key words the Marines use repeatedly to describe the force.
The battle scenes were filmed on the West Coast with actual Marines participating in a military exercise called Dawn Blitz in order to show more realistic scenarios. The ad also shows Marines deployed on the USS Essex, an amphibious assault ship, which was off the California coast for training, to mimic a deployment near the shores of an adversary.
"This ad talks to the fighting spirit of young people that have come up through high school," Kennedy said. "We want young, tough, smart warriors that want to continue to seek challenges, and we're seeking them from men and women from all walks of life."
BEIJING (AP) — Premier Li Keqiang promises China's economy 'will open even wider,' Beijing will eliminate import tariffs on drugs.
A mistaken report of a shooter prompted the lockdown of Travis Air Force Base in California on Wednesday in the midst of an emergency training exercise, officials said.
The base ordered people to shelter in place and lock their doors and windows. Gates were closed for more than an hour before the all-clear was given at the site 45 miles northeast of San Francisco .
"There were reports of gunshots at the Base Exchange. However, no shooter was found," a base Facebook posting reported.
"There was a security exercise underway at the base and somebody took that to be an active shooter and they went from there," said U.S. Rep. John Garamendi, who was briefed on the situation.
The false alarm came on a day marked by violence.
In Virginia, a gunman wounded Rep. Steve Scalise and several others during practice for a baseball game featuring congressional Republicans.
James T. Hodgkinson, 66, was fatally shot by police who had been guarding Scalise, the House majority whip.
In San Francisco, a UPS employee opened fire inside a package delivery facility, killing three co-workers and himself, authorities said.
In the pilot episode of Facebook Watch's “Ball in the Family,” LaVar Ball laid out their “master plan” to get all three of their sons—Lonzo Ball, LiAngelo Ball and LaMelo Ball—onto the Los Angeles Lakers.
The Big Baller Brand CEO is already a third of the way there, with Zo enduring their ups and downs as an NBA rookie in Purple and Gold. But with Gelo withdrawing from UCLA, and Melo abandoning their NCAA future to pursue their professional options overseas, LaVar's blueprint for the Lakers has taken a turn—maybe, just maybe, toward the more likely.
Even before they got caught shoplifting in China, Gelo's odds of getting plucked out of the NBA draft were slim. Most scouts hardly pegged the 6-foot-5, 216-pound wing-forward as a high-major college prospect coming in, much less a potential top-60 pick following their first-year student year.
Either way, LiAngelo's journey to join Lonzo in the Association was going to wind its way through the NBA Las Vegas Summer League and into training camp, with no guarantee of a roster spot as an undrafted free agent. Now that he's no longer spending time posing as a student at UCLA, Gelo can devote more of their time and energy to working on their game ahead of their NBA eligibility.
The bigger pawn in LaVar's plan, though, is LaMelo.
While LiAngelo's draft prospects were always slim, Melo had a shot to get selected relatively early in the 2020 draft had they gone to college, and might still get long looks from NBA teams assuming they spend a couple seasons overseas.
Recent photos show that LaMelo is much closer to LiAngelo and Lonzo's height now than they were as a sophomore at Chino Hills High School—assuming they haven't surpassed their older brothers in that capacity.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Lonzo Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
BBB thanks NYPD for keeping everybody safe at our Pop Up Shop today. New Yorks Finest! A post shared by LaMelo Ball (@melo) on Dec 10, 2017 at 7:55pm PST
At 16, they might still have room to grow. And even if Melo doesn't sprout further, they figure to fill out their lanky frame in the coming years.
That's a problem for any opponents who may have to deal with them abroad—and an enticement for any NBA team that's keen to track them wherever they go. It's possible that he's already the best scorer and ball handler among their brothers, with the deepest shooting range of the three, despite an unorthodox form that evokes visions of Reggie Miller.
It's no wonder, then, that LaVar has said they think Melo will be the best of the bunch.
If the Lakers duly improve over the course of Lonzo's rookie contract, and LaMelo were to blossom as a Bruin, the Purple and Gold probably wouldn't land a pick within range of drafting the youngest Ball boy come June 2020.
But tuck Melo into a lower-division league in some far-flung corner of the basketball world, away from most of the NBA's prying eyes, and they just might land in the Lakers' lap, either as a second-round pick or an undrafted free agent like Gelo could be.
There's no need to read tea leaves to see the outlines of this approach. In fact, LaVar spelled it all out with ESPN's Jeff Goodman this past June.
“Gelo [LiAngelo] is going [to] be one-and-done whether he's good or bad,” LaVar said. “I'm going to put them in the draft, hope they don't take him. Bring them into the Lakers as a free agent, let them wind up with their brother and watch how good they play together.”
“I'm going to do the same thing with Melo,” they added. “And we get three of the Ball boys on the Lakers together, and we gonna go championship, championship, championship, championship, championship. You think I'm playing? You saw what they did in high school.”
Guiding Gelo and Melo into the Lakers' range is one thing. Convincing them to spend precious resources on Zo's brothers is quite another.
Will the team want to deepen its ties to LaVar, especially in light of their ongoing war of words with head coach Luke Walton? Will blood relations be reason enough for L.A. to give Gelo and Melo a shot each?
It wouldn't be the first time an NBA team extended opportunities to the less-talented siblings of an incumbent star. The Golden State Warriors taken extended looks at Seth Curry (Stephen Curry's younger brother) and Mychel Thompson (Klay Thompson's older brother). The New York Knicks took a similar tack with Chris Smith (J.R. Smith's younger brother).
In all three cases, the bulk (if not the entirety) of the playing time afforded to the other brothers came in the D-League, now known as the G-League. If LiAngelo and LaMelo do latch on with the Lakers, they may have to start with the team's South Bay affiliate, which plays its home games at the team's practice facility (the UCLA Health Training Center) in El Segundo.
That wouldn't be a bad path for either of Lonzo's brothers to tread. The South Bay Lakers have already had three of their players (Alex Caruso, Thomas Bryant, Vander Blue) recalled by the big club. Rookie Josh Hart has also played two games in the G-League between their stints with the Lakers.
There's no guarantee that Gelo or Melo will so much as sniff the NBA's minor league. As much as it has become fertile ground for player development, it's still a highly competitive enterprise replete with grown men, many of whom have either NBA experience or the talent to gain some in the weeks, months and years to come.
It's still too early to say that LiAngelo and LaMelo have that in them. But LaVar's decisions to redirect their respective basketball journeys could, in some respects, put them closer to wearing Purple and Gold than playing in college would have.
FRANKLIN TOWNSHIP, N.J. (CBSNewYork) — Police are still looking for teenagers who they believe threw a big rock into a family's vehicle in New Jersey.
The sharp rock startled 4-year-old Zoya out of their sleep when it came crashing through the passenger side window of their mom's car Sunday just after midnight.
“That's the big, giant rock,” they said. “I was not sitting here with the rock. It could've got on my face.”
Zoya's mother said they were on the way back from a dinner party, driving on the quiet back roads of Franklin Township, when the rock came out of nowhere.
“Because where the rock hit the seat in the front is exactly where their face was in the back,” they said. “I just felt glass shatter all over the side of my face chest, back.”
“She was worried about me and I was crying because I was worried about her,” Zoya said.
The mother told police they slowed the car down on Willow Avenue because they noticed lawn chairs. They were considering getting out to move them, but before they could, the window shattered.
Police believe teens were behind the incident. CBS2's Jeanna DeAngelis asked if they think the chairs were put our as a decoy to have the vehicle slow down.
“I don't think so,” Police Captain Greg Borlan said. “I think it was just kind of a situation of opportunity because the pizza boxes were there, I think they were hanging around, they saw the opportunity to get into some kind of shenanigans and they took the opportunity.”
Police say they heard teens in the woods that night and are confident they'll catch them.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) -- National Taiwan University moves up one bracket from 61-70 to 51-60 in university reputation survey announced by British magazine Times Higher Education on Thursday, while it was also the only university in Taiwan that made it into the top 100 in the rankings.
The top 10 schools in the survey were mostly from the United States and the United Kingdom. Harvard University had the best reputation among the world's universities ever since the first survey followed by Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Stanford University.
The top-performer in Asia this year was Japan's University of Tokyo at 11th, followed by Tsinghua University of China at 14th.
The Times Higher Education World Reputation rankings are based on an invitation-only survey of thousands of senior researchers from all over the world.
Earther You Asked For This | The A.V. Club A frustrating Handmaid's Tale gets a bunch of things almost right—and one thing…
Today 5:35pm
YOU JUST SAW:
The group, named the "The Money Takers" targeted banks across the United States, breaking into at least 15 lenders in Utah, New York and California.
FILE PHOTO: Waves crash against a sea wall in San Francisco Bay beneath the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco, California, December 16, 2014. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith//File Photo
By Alister Doyle
OSLO (Reuters) - California will suffer more volatile weather this century with a "whiplash" from drought to rain and mounting risks a repeat of the devastating "Great Flood" of 1862, scientists said on Monday.
Climate change, driven by human-made greenhouse gas emissions, would drive more extreme shifts between hot and dry summers and wet winters in the most populous U.S. state, they wrote in the journal Nature Climate Change.
Global warming is making California and other regions with similar Mediterranean-style climates, from southern Europe to parts of Australia, drier and warmer in summer, said lead author Daniel Swain of the University of California, Los Angeles.
In California in winter "an opposing trend toward a strong Pacific jet stream is projected to locally enhance precipitation during the core months of the 'rainy season'," they told Reuters.
"Natural precipitation variability in this region is already large, and projected future whiplash increases would amplify existing swings between dry and wet years," the authors wrote.
They projected "a 25 percent to 100 percent increase in extreme dry-to-wet precipitation events" this century.
California had its worst drought in recorded history from 2010–2016, followed by severe rains and flooding that culminated with evacuation orders for almost 200,000 residents as a precaution near the Oroville Dam last year.
The study said that major urban centers, including San Francisco and Los Angeles, were "more likely than not" to suffer a freak series of storms by 2060 similar to ones in 1861-62 that led to the "Great Flood".
The storms swamped the Sacramento and San Joaquin valleys, flooding an area 300 miles (500 km) long and 20 miles wide. Storms washed away bridges, inundated mines and wrecked farms.
A repeat "would probably lead to considerable loss of life and economic damages approaching a trillion dollars", the study said.
As part of planning, Swain said the state should expand use of floodplains that can be deliberately flooded to soak up rains, such as the Yolo Bypass which protects the city of Sacramento.
The study assumes, however, that global greenhouse gas emissions will keep rising, at odds with the goals of the 2015 Paris Agreement under which almost 200 nations agreed to cut emissions to net zero between 2050 and 2100.
"Such a future can be partially, but not completely, avoided" if the world takes tougher action, Swain said. They noted that existing government pledges to limit warming fall well short of the Paris goals.
U.S. President Donald Trump, who doubts mainstream findings that greenhouse gas emissions are the main cause of warming, plans to quit the deal, saying they want to promote the U.S. fossil fuel industry.
(Reporting by Alister Doyle; Editing by Alison Williams)
Related Video: Scientist Sheyna Gifford on Earth's Future
For more on the future of the planet, watch Beyond the Horizon.
DOBSON — The Surry County Sheriff's Office has released the following incident reports:
• Richard Helms and Todd Jessup, both of State Road, and Phil Royal, of Elkin, reported a break-in on Jan. 23 at 1050 U.S. 21, the address for State Road Self Storage. The three men reported multiple storage units had been broken into between Jan. 21-23 with items stolen from the units. A list of those items was not printed with the report.
Three days later, another family reported missing items from that location. Carolyn Minton and Chris Minton, of State Road, said their items were last known secure on Jan. 14.
Reported taken were a Defender 6031 gun safe with about six or seven guns inside ($2,700), an easy chair ($500), drill press ($400), and air compressor.
Last October, two other men reported break-ins of their storage units at this location.
Alan Ethan Unsworth, of Dobson, reported taken two Dewalt toolboxes with tools (valued at $300), six barstools ($400) and a lamp ($100). Mark Goins of State Road, said they lost a 10-drawer Craftsman tool chest filled with tools ($1,000), a Husky air compressor ($230), four jacks stands with diamond plating ($200) and a red and white garden tiller ($150).
• Bobby Keith Jessup, of Pilot Mountain, reported being robbed on Jan. 23. They said around 9:40 a.m. that day they were attacked by three unknown subjects in the area of McBride Road and East Pine Street in Flat Rock. They said the people struck them with their fists and then took their money, which was about $30 in cash.
• Daniel Garth, of Mount Airy, reported vandalism and theft at Family Dollar in Pilot Mountain on Jan. 23. Garth reported that about 8:35 a.m. someone damaged items inside the store on Old Westfield Road and took two items out of the store. The items listed as stolen were a men's black T-shirt (valued at $8) and a pair of men's mesh shorts ($8). Listed as damaged were a men's long-sleeve T-shirt ($16), two men's shirts ($8 each) and a pair of men's shorts ($8). The case is marked as under further investigation.
• Samona Creasy, of Abner Lane, Mount Airy, reported a theft of gas at the residence on Jan. 24. Between 8 a.m. and 1 p.m. an unknown person stole a 5-gallon gas can and a 1-gallon gas can and tossed an empty gas can into the weeds near the residence. The value of the cans was listed at $35 and the gas at $15.
• Andy Gentry, of State Road, reported receiving a counterfeit bill at Subway on Jan. 24. Gentry said the incident happened on Jan. 19 around 4:30 p.m. at the Subway on West Pine Street near Interstate 77. The $100 bill was seized. When the culprit is found, the county intends to file charges of counterfeiting and obtaining property by false pretense (the food purchased).
• Robert Lane, of Little Creek Lane, Pilot Mountain, reported a break-in on Jan. 27. Lane said between 8 a.m. and 2:30 p.m. someone used a blunt instrument to break a glass patio door to gain entrance. A replacement door is valued at $1,500, and damage to the vinyl siding at $200. Any stolen items were not listed on the report.
• Evelyn Bobbitt, of Holly Springs Road, Mount Airy, reported a vandalism on Jan. 29. Between 1-3:30 p.m., they said someone broke a front window ($200) on the home.
• Juan Campos, of Dobson, reported a stolen trailer on Jan. 29. Emily Willard, of Mount Airy, is also listed as a witness as Campos said a subject took a 48-foot flat bed trailer ($11,000) without permission on Jan. 22 at 5 p.m. from 268 Old U.S. 601, Mount Airy. No suspects were listed, and the report says the case is under investigation.
• Anthony Aquilano, of Red Hill Creek Headstart, reported a vandalism and attempted theft on Jan. 29. They said sometime between Jan. 26-Jan. 29 a person attempted to steal the well pump of the business at 113 McMickle School Road in Dobson. The water lines and power source were cut from the pump.
• Yvonne and James Keibler, of Westhampton Lane, Mount Airy, reported the theft of a laptop on Jan. 29. The two said the laptop was last in their possession Nov. 25, and the person who had it failed to return the computer to them. The HP 156 laptop is valued at $250.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Ferrari driver Kimi Raikkonen of Finland steers their car during the third practice session for the Japanese Formula One Grand Prix at Suzuka Circuit in Suzuka, central Japan, Saturday, Oct. 7, 2017. (AP Photo/Toru Takahashi)
SUZUKA, Japan (AP) — Championship leader Lewis Hamilton secured pole position for the Japanese Grand Prix on Saturday, leading a 1-2 finish for Mercedes drivers.
Hamilton posted a lap record time of 1 minute, 27.319 seconds to finish .332 ahead of Valtteri Bottas. Hamilton's title rival Sebastian Vettel was third.
Ferrari driver Vettel will move up to second thanks to Bottas's penalty for an unscheduled gearbox change
Before Saturday's qualifying, Hamilton had secured pole at every current F1 circuit except Suzuka.
With five races remaining, Hamilton leads Vettel by 34 points in the drivers' championship.
Hamilton has won twice before in Suzuka, in 2014 and 2015, and was runner-up to former Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg in last year's race.
A win in Suzuka would move Hamilton a step closer to a third F1 title in four years with Mercedes and their fourth overall.
PARIS (AP) — The alliance of carmakers Renault, Nissan and Mitsubishi says it's the world's top automaker after selling 10.6 million cars last year, thanks to growing demand for SUVs and electric vehicles.
The Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi alliance says collective sales rose 6.5 percent in 2017, the first year full year that Mitsubishi Motors was included in the group.
The group sold vehicles in nearly 200 countries under 10 brands, led by China, the U.S., France and Japan.
Nissan sales grew 4.6 percent to 5.8 million cars, while France-based Renault's grew 8.5 percent and Mitsubishi's 10 percent.
Alliance CEO Carlos Ghosn claimed the results make the group the world's No. 1 carmaker. Volkswagen reported sales of 10.74 million vehicles last year, but Ghosn has said that 200,000 of Volkswagen's vehicles were trucks that shouldn't count.
Three of Niagara's MPPs raised the issue of Niagara Region seizing a reporter's computer and notes with the Ministry of Municipal Affairs Monday.
St. Catharines Liberal MPP Jim Bradley, Niagara Falls NDP MPP Wayne Gates and Niagara West–Glanbrook MPP Sam Oosterhoff all expressed concern over last Thursday's incident with Minister Bill Mauro.
The trio followed Welland NDP MPP Cindy Forster's complaints about the incident to Mauro and to provincial Ombudsman Paul Dube.
Mauro's initial response to Forster's office was to say they could not comment on a specific incident and that complaints about a municipality should be brought to the attention of the municipality.
However, Bradley said hearing from three area MPPs drove home how serious the incident was.
“I think hearing from all MPPs, from all parties, made it clear,” Bradley said. “(The minister) now thinks this is an issue for the ombudsman, which is there to investigate municipalities.”
On Thursday, Standard reporter Bill Sawchuk was ejected from regional headquarters. Staff also unlawfully seized their notebook and laptop computer. In addition to speaking directly to the minister, Gates took to the floor of the legislature to express their concerns about the incident and the minister's response.
“I don't believe that anyone who has read the story or seen the photo of Bill Sawchuk being removed from the Region by the police is comfortable with what happened at that council meeting — and that includes many regional councillors themselves,” said Gates. “The response from the minister basically says nothing — it's clear they don't care as deeply about the protection of the press here in Niagara as we do.”
Gates said they expect more from the minister and that “the ministry should be stepping up and making a stand here to say that this can't happen in Niagara and, frankly, that it can't happen in Ontario.
“We rely on a free and vibrant press to keep local governments accountable. We have some of the best reporters you can find here in Niagara and throwing them out of meetings will not stop their work — no one should be treated this way.
“I also believe that the Ombudsman should be investigating this incident.”
(CBS Local) — A family's toy review videos, starring their six-year-old son, has turned the youngster into one of the richest YouTube stars online.
Ryan, the star of Ryan ToysReview, finished in the Top 10 of Forbes' highest-paid YouTube stars in the world this year. The 6-year-old's massively popular channel has reportedly earned $11 million in 2017.
The channel has attracted a huge following of parents and children who watch Ryan test out new toys and give their thoughts on them. Ryan ToysReview started in 2015 when the boy was only four; it now has over 10 million subscribers and their videos were reportedly viewed over eight billion times during the 12-month period Forbes was tracking them.
“He loves Cars, Trains, Thomas and friends, Lego, Superheroes, Disney toys, open surprise eggs, play doh , Pixar Disney cars , Disney Planes, monster trucks, minions, playtime at the fun, family fun adventure and so much more!,” Ryan's parents write on the family's YouTube channel.
Ryan's family says the child star was inspired by watching other children and programs on YouTube and wanted to join the party. “One day, they asked me, ‘How come I'm not on YouTube when all the other kids are?' So we just decided — yeah, we can do that. Then, we took them to the store to get their very first toy — I think it was a Lego train set — and it all started from there,” the boy's mother said, via TubeFilter.
The family, who decided to keep their last name and location a secret for their son's safety, says the show will only go on as long as Ryan continues to enjoy it. Once the youngster gets bored with their hit show, their parents say Ryan stop giving out the multi-million-dollar reviews.
10:51 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 First: State utilizes Regulation Law Read more
Prosecution asks court to halt Adei Ad demolitions: 'State required to examine Law's ramifications for buildings.' ► ◄ Last Briefs
12:05 Reported News Briefs Sivan 21, 5777 , 15/06/17 Sivan 21, 5777 , 15/06/17 'Netanyahu deceived us' Read more Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu claims their failure to act on a Beit El building pledge was due to a United States demand, but sources close to President Donald Trump say the decision was the prime minister's alone. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Interested in Republican Party? Add Republican Party as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Republican Party news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Start the countdown clock on a momentous two weeks for President Donald Trump and the GOP-run Congress.
Republicans are determined to deliver the first revamp of the nation's tax code in three decades and prove they can govern after their failure to dismantle Barack Obama's health care law this past summer. Voters who will decide which party holds the majority in next year's midterms elections are watching.
Republicans are negotiating with Democrats on the contentious issue of how much the government should spend on the military and domestic agencies to avert a holiday shutdown. An extension of the program that provides low-cost health care to more than 8 million children and aid to hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida need to be addressed. And further complicating the end-of-year talks is the fate of some 800,000 young immigrants here illegally.
Lawmakers are trying to get it all done by Dec. 22.
A look at the crowded agenda:
———
TAXES
Republicans are upbeat about finalizing a tax bill from the House and Senate versions for Trump's first major legislative accomplishment in nearly 11 months in office.
"I feel very confident we're going to get this done ... at the end of the day we're going to get this to the president's desk and he's going to sign it," House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., said Sunday in an interview on Fox News Channel.
The House and Senate bills would cut taxes by about $1.5 trillion over the next decade while adding billions to the $20 trillion deficit. They combine steep tax cuts for corporations with more modest reductions for most individuals.
Republican leaders have struggled to placate GOP lawmakers from high-tax states like California, New York and New Jersey whose constituents would be hit hard by the elimination of the prized federal deduction for state and local taxes. Repeal of the deduction added up to $1.3 trillion in revenue over a decade that could be used for deep tax cuts.
Lawmakers finally settled on a compromise in both bills — full repeal of the state and local deductions for income and sales taxes, but homeowners would be able to deduct up to $10,000 in local property taxes.
And yet it's still not a done deal.
"There's a lot of conversation around the fact that in some of the blue states where the taxes are high, the property tax alone, they will not be able to use the $10,000 possible deductions," Sen. Tim Scott, R-S.C., said on NBC's "Meet the Press with Chuck Todd" Sunday. "So allowing for income and property taxes, which would cost another $100 billion by the way, to be options for folks in those states would be a better solution. And we're looking at ways to make that happen."
Just a few weeks ago, lawmakers were unyielding on their insistence that the corporate tax rate be slashed from 35 percent to 20 percent. Now, one way to finance the changes on state and local taxes would be to cut the corporate tax rate to 21 or 22 percent instead.
———
GOVERNMENT SPENDING
Republicans and Democrats are trying to work out a sweeping budget deal. They got a temporary reprieve from a partial government shutdown when they passed a stopgap, two-week bill last Thursday.
Republicans want a major boost in defense spending. Democrats want a similar increase for domestic agencies.
Congress also has to figure out how much disaster aid should be directed to Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida. The Trump administration requested $44 billion last month, an amount lawmakers from hurricane-slammed regions say is insufficient. The latest request would bring the total appropriated for disaster relief this fall to close to $100 billion — and the government still must calculate how much it will cost to rebuild Puerto Rico's devastated housing stock and electric grid.
———
CHILDREN'S HEALTH
Fresh federal money for the Children's Health Insurance Program, known as CHIP, ran out on Oct. 1, a blow to the widely popular program that provides low-cost medical care to more than 8 million children. Some states have relied on unspent funds, while others that were running out of money got a short-term reprieve in the two-week spending bill.
Lawmakers hope to agree on a long-term budget solution for a program that's about $14 billion a year.
———
IMMIGRATION
Democrats want to act now to protect young immigrants who came to the United States illegally as children, with demands that a solution is included in any year-end spending deal.
"We will not leave here without a DACA fix," said Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., referring to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program.
These young immigrants, often referred to as Dreamers, face deportation in a few months after Trump reversed administrative protections established by President Barack Obama.
Republicans say it can wait till next year and shouldn't bog down the broad budget agreement. However, House GOP leaders likely will require Democratic votes for the spending bill and they have to work out a deal with Pelosi.
———
Associated Press writers Marcy Gordon and Andrew Taylor contributed to this report.
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Dozens of insurance companies say they're not obligated to help pay for Duke Energy Corp.'s multi-billion dollar coal ash cleanup because the nation's largest electric company long knew about but did nothing to reduce the threat of potentially toxic pollutants.
The claim is in a filing by lawyers for nearly 30 international and domestic insurance companies that were sued by Duke Energy in March to force them to cover part of the utility's coal ash cleanup costs in the Carolinas.
The 57 policies generally promise to help Duke pay what it's legally obligated to pay for property damage "caused by an occurrence," even if liability for an incident doesn't become known until decades later, the Charlotte-based company said in the same filing last week in the state court that hears complex business cases. Both sides filed the document in describing a litigation timeline that would lead to trial in mid-2019.
The insurers counter they're not on the hook to pay. They say that because Duke Energy stored its coal ash in unlined pits as part of its normal practices, any property damage "was caused intentionally, by or at Duke's direction" and there weren't any distinct pollution events that triggered coverage.
They note that Duke was well aware that burning coal to generate electricity leaves byproducts containing toxic substances that can contaminate groundwater. They say Duke's ash ponds were built without safeguards to prevent groundwater pollution, and some ash ponds placed the ash in direct contact with groundwater.
"Duke continued to dispose of (coal ash) in unlined ash ponds long after it knew it had environmental problems. By the 1990s Duke submitted insurance claims to some of the defendants and other insurers for the same ash ponds that are now at issue in this action. Although Duke was aware of these issues, it continued to operate its unlined ash ponds for decades," the companies' lawyers said.
Duke Energy has estimated its liability for cleanup and storage efforts at $5.1 billion for 14 North Carolina coal ash sites and one in South Carolina. The utility had spent more than $725 million through November. Money recovered from insurers would reduce the price tag for consumers, the company has said.
The utility earlier this month asked North Carolina regulators for rate increases starting next year that include passing along to customers about $977 million over five years. South Carolina's utilities commission allowed Duke Energy Progress to start recouping coal ash cleanup costs as part of a $56 million rate increase approved in December.
Coal ash contains arsenic, lead, mercury and other elements that may be hazardous in sufficient concentrations. Environmentalists and state regulators have alleged those heavy metals have been draining through the unlined bottoms of pits where liquefied coal ash has been stored for decades.
A pit at a Duke Energy plant in North Carolina ruptured in 2014, coating miles of the Dan River in gray sludge.
Duke Energy said it stored coal ash in line with industry practices and regulations that were in place over preceding decades.
Duke Energy delivers electricity to about 7.4 million customers in the Carolinas, Indiana, Ohio, Kentucky and Florida.
___
Follow Emery P. Dalesio at http://twitter.com/emerydalesio. Their work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/emery-p-dalesio.
According to data from the National Weather Service, at least 60 people were injured and one person was killed in a storm that tore through Davidson and Wilson counties. Twenty-four more people were injured in the three other storms that came through Wilson County.
In total, at least 13 tornadoes struck Middle Tennessee on that day, with almost 100 injuries and four deaths.
The four tornadoes in Wilson County included an F3 storm, an F2 storm and two F1 storms.
More than two-dozen buildings were destroyed in the storms, including downtown businesses and a farm at the northern edge of the county. One tornado touched down close to W.A. Wright Elementary School in Mt. Juliet.
Areas stuck the hardest included the western portion of the county, downtown Lebanon and the northeastern part of the county. Other outlying areas of the county reported damage of varying degrees.
According to reporting from the Lebanon Democrat on the following day, the storms came from the west, moving their way across the county and leaving disaster in their wake.
At about 5 p.m., warning sirens were blaring in the downtown area of Lebanon. Other storms had already hit that afternoon.
A tornado touched down on Bay Court in Lebanon and moved across West Main Street, eventually moving back to the sky and going over Hartmann Drive.
David Hale, who was the director of the Wilson County Emergency Management Agency at the time, witnessed that storm firsthand, as they stepped outside WEMA headquarters on Oak Street in Lebanon.
“We actually watched that storm as it crossed back there, and we could see debris all going up from that storm, and it was sort of an interesting twist — to be an eyewitness,” Hale said.
“As the director of emergency management, I probably had a few different things going through my head than the average citizen.”
Hale was thinking about damage assessment and getting crews out to help anyone in the storm's path, but the sight of the storm still struck him.
“Just like an average citizen, I was in awe at the sheer force that is there, and the amount of damage that can occur from storms like that,” Hale said.
The newspaper showed a photograph of what once was Advanced Auto Parts, but after the tornado struck, it was a pile of rubble.
Debris filled the streets in the area. Emergency officials urged people to take caution, especially with downed power lines. All told, the damage would total in the millions.
Officials were quoted in the newspaper in 1998 as saying they were fortunate that, with heavy rains accompanying the storm, there was not additional damage due to flash flooding.
In one area, near Hurricane Creek Road, five young children were rescued from nearby flooding, which caused them to be temporarily trapped.
The storm that caused the most damage, the F3 that moved from Davidson County into Wilson County, caused many trees to be uprooted, power lines knocked down and roofs damaged as it moved into Mt. Juliet, according to a storm analysis by the National Weather Service.
The Mt. Juliet Little League field was reportedly littered with aluminum and lumber blown from Marvin's lumberyard. A roof was partially blown off at First Bank in Mt. Juliet.
Hale said the afternoon filled with dangerous storms was reminiscent to a time in the 1970s, shortly after they started their career in emergency services, when there were hundreds of tornadoes that swept through the country, including some in Wilson County.
“When you have a day like that, with multiple tornadoes occurring like that, it allows you to learn how to be better prepared,” Hale said.
After the 1998 tornadoes, additional sirens were added, and WEMA's weather radar capabilities greatly improved, Hale said.
“Today, WEMA is even more prepared,” Hale said. “With (current WEMA Director) Joey Cooper and their staff, they do a great job, and on the weather side of things — I wish I could have had some of the technology they have, being able to push out alerts on cell phones and email.”
According to a later storm analysis by the National Weather Service in 2013, there may have been more tornadoes that touched down in Middle Tennessee. Data in 1998 was found to have some errors, and those were addressed in 2013 with documentation, spotter reports and Google Earth imagery.
According to the National Weather Service's 2013 analysis, tornadoes were confirmed to touch down in Cheatham, Davidson, Dickson, Giles, Hardin, Humphreys, Lawrence, Macon, Maury, Montgomery, Pickett, Robertson, Trousdale, Wayne and Wilson counties.
Hale said even almost 20 years later, they can still see the storm in their memory.
“It's sort of remarkable to think it's pushing 20 years,” Hale said.
Though American Ballet Theatre principals James Whiteside and Isabella Boylston have long displayed their envy-worthy friendship on Instagram, this week the Cindies (their nickname for each other) offered viewers an even deeper glimpse into their world. While on tour with ABT at the Kennedy Center, the duo sat down in front of the camera to answer some questions from their fans via Facebook Live.
Starbucks in hand, they discuss their mutual love of food (particularly pasta and Japanese curry), the story behind the Cindy nickname and what it's like picking up contemporary choreography versus classical. Boylston also delves into their experience guesting with the Paris Opéra Ballet, their dream of choreographing an avant-garde ballet on Whiteside to a Carly Rae Jepsen song and best and worst Kennedy Center memories (like the time they fell onstage while doing fouettés at the end of La Bayadère's first act).
Whiteside, on the other hand, imitates a unicorn, talks about preparing for roles and creates a new middle name for Boylston. The twosome also offer heartfelt advice for aspiring professional dancers.
Check out the highlights in this video below; for the full 24-minute version, click here.
০ = 0, ১ = 1, ২ = 2, ৩ = 3, ৪ = 4, ৫ = 5, ৬ = 6, ৭ = 7, ৮ = 8, ৯ = 9
্ = See example (Hasant/Viram) ় = * (Nukta) ʼ = ' (Urdhacomma) ঽ = & (Avagrah) ৺ = ~ (Isshar) ৹ = a~ (Bengali ana sign) ৲ = Rs~ (Bengali Rupee sign) ৳ = T~ (Taka sign) । = | (Devanagari danda) ॥ = || (Devanagari double danda) ₹ = Rs (Indian Rupee sign) 卐 = +~ (Swastika sign) Zero Width Joiner = ^ Zero Width Non Joiner = ^^
These symbols will type Bengali characters first but if "~" will be followed, it will remove previously typed Bengali character and then type the symbol.
Symbols & ~ * : ^ | ' have special meaning. You can type this way & = &~ ~ = ~~ * = *~ : = :~ ^ = ^~ | = |~ ' = '~
The English symbols [ ] { } ( ) < > - + / = ; . , " ? ! % \ _ $ @ # translate into the same symbols.
Example নমস্কার can be written by typing "namaskaar"
As per Rule # 3, ligature will be rendered. ZWJ and ZWNJ characters are used to produce alternate rendering of ligature.
A consonant followed by ZWJ character will produce half-formed consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‍ন = prash^n
A consonant followed by ZWNJ character will produce dead consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‌ন = prash^^n
If two english characters are making one Bengali Vowel (i.e. ai, au), then
ZWJ character is used to separate them into two different vowels. It will not
add ZWJ character but only considered as the separator between two
vowels.
Here are the government's rankings of the leading U.S. airlines and their on-time performance for April. The federal government counts a flight as on time if it arrives no more than 14 minutes behind schedule.
1. Hawaiian Airlines, 88.8 percent
2. United Airlines, 81.9 percent
3. Alaska Airlines, 81.6 percent
4. SkyWest Airlines, 80.0 percent
5. Frontier Airlines, 79.5 percent
6. Southwest Airlines, 79.5 percent
7. American Airlines, 78.7 percent
8. Spirit Airlines, 77.0 percent
9. Delta Air Lines, 76.9 percent
10. ExpressJet, 75.7 percent
11. JetBlue Airways, 72.4 percent
12. Virgin America, 64.6 percent
Total for all covered airlines: 78.5 percent
___
Source: U.S. Department of Transportation
The report does not cover smaller airlines including Allegiant Air and some regional carriers.
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Russian authorities have sent a new extradition request to Greece for a Russian cybercrime suspect also sought on criminal charges by the U.S. and France.
Alexander Vinnik, 38, a former bitcoin platform operator, was informed of the new Russian request by Thessaloniki court officials Wednesday, and is not contesting it.
Russia initially sought Vinnik on lesser fraud charges. The new request raises the amount allegedly involved to 750 million rubles ($12 million).
Greece's supreme court has already approved Vinnik's extradition to the United States for allegedly laundering billions of dollars using the virtual currency. Vinnik had fought that decision.
Another court ruled for their extradition to Russia based on the first request. France wants them on charges including cybercrime and money laundering.
Greece's justice minister will rule on the requests.
Transcript for From the goal posts to the turf, these Made in America companies have a hand in Super Bowl LII
Made in America. The victory even before the super bowl. Reporter: Just 48 hours from kickoff, super bowl Sunday in Minneapolis. The patriots and the eagles, and the American workers already winning. Turf nation in Dalton, Georgia. Spools of green turf coming off the line, 80 workers in all. Making 10 million square feet of turf this year alone. Ten shipping it to U.S. Bank stadium. Rolling it out. Setting it in place. The finishing touches by hand. Turf nation. Proudly made in America. Reporter: And at the ends of that turf, the goal posts. From Delhi, New York. 100 workers at sportsfield specialties welding, shaping, and painting about 1,000 goal posts a year. And just to be clear -- Our goal posts are made in America. Reporter: All eyes on the end zone, and on the ads. The one that got our attention years ago. Nobody builds factories in the U.S. Anymore. You can't do that. Reporter: Weathertech spending millions to get the word out. You want to hire workers here in the states? Reporter: They do, and this year, their fifth consecutive super bowl ad. They are building a factory right outside Chicago. 1,000 new workers since we last visited and we remember what the founder told ps. We create jobs here, and we keep the money right here in America. Reporter: With so many fans coming to Minneapolis, 10,000 volunteers and what's keeping many of to them more, those purple hats from love your melon made in Minneapolis. 200 workers and more than a million hats a year. It's special to say everything is made here, and it's keeping jobs alive here in our own country and we're just really proud of that. Reporter: And something else they are proud of -- half of every sale going to cancer research. Visiting hospitals, donating their hats to children in the fight, keeping the children and super bowl fans warm, with these words in mind -- Mad From Boston's news leader, this is WCVB newscenter five at 7:00. Emily: We begin with breaking
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Twelve children aged 12 to 14 suffered burns on Monday evening when boiling soup spilled on them at a summer camp of the Bnei Akiva movement in the Ein Zeitim Forest in the Galilee.
The children are suffering light and moderate burns to their lower bodies.
Jim Carrey recently painted a picture that bears a jarring resemblance to White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders, and the Internet is both hailing and criticizing the actor.
Carrey tweeted a picture of their art with the caption, “This is a painting of a so-called Christian whose only purpose in life is to lie for the wicked. Monstrous!”
This is the portrait of a so-called Christian whose only purpose in life is to lie for the wicked. Monstrous! pic.twitter.com/MeYLTy1pqb — Jim Carrey (@JimCarrey) March 17, 2018
The painting may take a dig at Sanders, but the tweet itself seems to mimic President Donald Trump's own social media usage and phrasing, who often uses exclamation points after one or two-word phrases, such as “disgraceful!” or “witch hunt!”
The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime. It was based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC, and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign. WITCH HUNT! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 18, 2018
Many reactions on Twitter denounced Carrey's portrait, calling them “sexist” and a “bully.” Former governor of Arkansas and presidential candidate Mike Huckabee — and Sanders' father — tweeted that Carrey is a “Pathetic BULLY, sexist, hater, bigot & ‘Christaphobe.'”
Pathetic BULLY, sexist, hater, bigot & "Christaphobe" @jimcarrey attacks @PressSec for their faith; what would be hypocritical Hollywood reaction if they called someone a "so-called Muslim" or "so-called Jew?" #classlessCarrey https://t.co/HCqHoER0Ru — Gov. Mike Huckabee (@GovMikeHuckabee) March 19, 2018
I used to like Jim Carrey now not so much making fun of or attacking Sarah Sanders is a very mean spirited and cruel thing to do. — Matt McKeithan (@MattMcKeithan) March 19, 2018
But there were some people who did not completely disagree with Carrey's art. One Twitter user called Carrey's painting “interpretive art work.”
Don't get the noise about Jim Carrey's interpretive art work. Thought they captured both of their souls beautifully. pic.twitter.com/d0kOo3Mntw — ChuckModi (@ChuckModi1) March 19, 2018
According to the Daily Beast, Carrey began painting about six years ago to “heal a broken heart,” but their artwork became increasingly more political in November. Much of Carrey's work now revolves around political satire, including portraits of Rick Gates, who pleaded guilty in February in Robert Mueller's investigation, and Sen. Marco Rubio.
Rubio‘s agenda is clear. Keep taking millions from the NRA and wash the blood of innocent children off their hands. Apparently $3.3 million is the price of this politician's soul. pic.twitter.com/wom4IrTfsj — Jim Carrey (@JimCarrey) February 24, 2018
A spokesperson confirmed to Associated Press that the painting is Carrey's, but would not confirm it was of Sanders.
Police on Monday were focusing on phone records to try to piece together how a group of friends winds up at a Pennsylvania self-serve car wash, where a gunman lying in wait in the early morning hours killed four of them and injured one who managed to hide.
The suspected shooter, 28-year-old Timothy Smith, suffered a gunshot wound to the head in the Sunday shooting at Ed's Car Wash in Melcroft, a rural town about 55 miles (89 kilometers) southeast of Pittsburgh. He's on life support and isn't expected to survive what authorities believe may be a self-inflicted injury.
Smith was a jealous ex-boyfriend of 25-year-old victim Chelsie Cline, according to family members of some of the victims.
Also killed were William Porterfield, 27; Courtney Snyder, 23; and Seth Cline, 21. Another woman was able to hide in the back seat of a truck and only suffered minor injuries from broken glass, police said. Chelsie Cline and Seth Cline were half-siblings.
Four days before the shooting, Chelsie Cline had shared a meme on Facebook reading "After this week, I rlly need to get taken out ... on a date or by a sniper either one is fine w me at this point."
A Facebook friend, Tim Smith, replied: "I could do both."
Timothy Smith was obsessed with Cline after they dated, leaving beer for them on their car and sending their flowers and other presents, said Chelsie Cline's half-sister, Sierra Kolarik, in an interview with the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review
Kolarik said Smith "came off as the most kind-hearted person" but that their interests were "guns and guns and guns and shooting and beer and rolling cigarettes."
Porterfield and Chelsie Cline spent time together in the days before the shooting after Cline broke off a relationship with Smith, Porterfield's widow, Jenna Porterfield, 24, told the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. They said a state police investigator told them Smith was Cline's jealous former boyfriend.
"I was told my husband was cheating on me with (one of the victims), and that they had broken up with their previous boyfriend two days ago, and they went crazy and shot them all," they said.
State police said Smith was the first person to arrive at the car wash and parked their pickup truck on the side of the two-bay car wash. They said they shot Porterfield and Chelsie Cline when they got out of their car and walked to the side of the car wash.
Snyder and Seth Cline arrived in a pickup truck and were both shot and killed in their vehicle, state police said.
A man who lives nearby said they heard about 30 gunshots over a span of several minutes.
Vicki Snyder lives down the road from Smith's family and said their children were in school with the Smith children. Smith's brother was the best man in their son's wedding.
"He seemed like a normal kid," they said of Smith, who was in the same grade as their daughter. "He seemed kind of quiet, but they were the youngest and they were always polite and very nice."
They said Smith lived at home and helped out their older sister who uses a wheelchair after injuring their spine in a car accident a few years ago.
"They are just a typical family that had some tragedy and dealt with it," Snyder said. "They're down-to-earth, nice, regular people."
President Donald Trump entertained the idea of negotiating a new deal to block Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons Tuesday during a joint press conference with French President Emmanuel Macron.
Interested in Donald Trump? Add Donald Trump as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Donald Trump news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
“There is a chance, and nobody what Ibeing going to do on the 12th, although Mr. President, you have a pretty good idea, but we'll see,” President Trump said, apparently teasing forward to an upcoming deadline as it relates to the United States' continued participation in the deal. “But we'll see also if I do what some people expect, whether or not it will be possible to do a new deal with solid foundations, because this is a deal with decayed foundations.”
Shawn Thew/EPA/REX/Shutterstock
The president further reiterated their belief that the current Iran nuclear deal , negotiated during the Obama administration, is a “bad deal” that is “falling down” and should have “never have been made.”
Trump also issued a direct warning against Iran: “If Iran threatens us if any way, they will pay a price like few countries have ever paid.”
But even as the president suggested an openness to exploring a new Iran deal, they also hedged that such a deal may not come to fruition.
“I think we will have a shot to be a much bigger deal, maybe not deal, but we'll know fairly soon,” Trump said.
Ludovic Marin/AFP/Getty Images
While President Trump stopped short of directly committing to the possibility of pursuing a new deal, President Macron made clear that they desire to pursue a new agreement, which Macron agreed is not sufficient to restraining Iran long term.
"It's not a mystery, we did not have the same starting positions," said Macron. "I can say that we've had very frank discussion on that, just the two of us. You consider that the Iranian deal, the JCPOA, the one negotiated in 2015 with Iran is a bad deal. For a number of months I've been saying that this was not a sufficient deal but that it enabled us at least until 2025 to have some control over their nuclear activities. We, therefore, wish to work on a new deal with Iran."
Macron outlined their main interests in continuing to block Iran's nuclear development through 2025, something the current deal already does, while working to ensure that objectives are carried out long-term, and also end ballistic activities in the region. "France is not naive when it comes to Iran," said Macron. "But we do not repeat the mistakes of the past."
OAKLAND, Calif. -- On the eve of their eighth straight NBA Finals after dominating the 2018 playoffs by averaging the most points (34.0), the second-most minutes (41.3) and the third-most assists (8.8) of any player in the league, LeBron James acknowledged their career is defying conventional wisdom as to how long a player's prime is supposed to last.
"They always kind of talked about the NBA prime is like 27 [until] like 31, 32. That's if you're lucky, you'll get to that point," James, 33, said Wednesday. "I don't know. I've just never really bought into that. I've never bought into a ceiling, either. You guys [in the media] talked about what's your ceiling, and I've always kind of told you guys that I don't really have a ceiling. I want to just try to maximize as much as I can and be as good as I can."
James, in their 15th year in the league, will break their personal record for most games in a single regular season plus postseason when they suit up for the 101st time in Thursday's Game 1 (9 p.m. ET, ABC). Their previous high was 100, set in 2010-11, which ended in a Game 6 Finals loss to the Dallas Mavericks in their inaugural campaign with the Miami Heat.
James referenced a postgame interview with ESPN's Cassidy Hubbarth from March, when they declared they felt the best they have in their entire career, to illustrate the reason for their extended prime.
"I don't know if they believed me, and I don't know if you guys believe me, but I really felt that," James said. "And I continued to just play at an all-time-level standard for the rest of this season. Hopefully, I can continue it in these Finals also."
Not only will James be playing the most games of their career, but they have played them consecutively -- logging all 82 regular season games for the first time in their career and then playing in 18 playoff games through the first three rounds, continuing their streak of 235 playoff games played without missing one because of injury.
"I've been blessed to be available," they said. "That's what I take pride in more than anything, is being available to my teammates every single day.
"I think I've missed one or two practices a [year], because when you live in northeast Ohio and you have four seasons, you will get sick. But I've been available for my teammates and been a leader to my teammates all year, and I've put in the work."
James showed just the faintest hint of their mortality in the Eastern Conference finals against the Boston Celtics, however. Cavs coach Tyronn Lue said James appeared tired in Game 5, and then Cleveland big man Larry Nance Jr. fell into James' right leg in Game 6. Despite the chain of events, James managed to play all 48 minutes in Game 7, going the distance in a playoff game for the first time since 2006.
James said they spent Monday "relaxing and decompressing" with a family cookout to celebrate Memorial Day, but they shifted into Finals preparation mode Monday night when the Golden State Warriors and Houston Rockets tipped off Game 7 of the Western Conference finals.
James "figured" the Warriors would win because of "their championship DNA." And with their Finals foe determined as the Warriors for the fourth straight season, they shifted to their physical prep for the series on Tuesday.
"Just round-the-clock treatment," James said Wednesday. "We had a workout before we left Cleveland. I got treatment on the 4½-hour flight up here. We did a little prep yesterday. Got some more treatment, ate dinner. I woke up this morning, worked out like I always do. I got some more treatment and headed here to see you guys."
James is 1-2 against the Warriors in the Finals. In 2015, James earned four of the 11 votes for Finals MVP despite the Cavs losing in six games. In 2016, James was named Finals MVP as they led Cleveland to the first comeback from down 3-1 in Finals history. In 2017, they became the first player in Finals history to average a triple-double for the series.
What do they have in store for 2018?
"The level that I can play at is to be seen, but the level that I put into the game and put into my craft is who I am," they said. "So numbers and things like that kind of take care of itself. But for me, I understand and I know how much I put into the game. So everything else is OK."
And just how much basketball does James say they have left to play this season?
"Tomorrow [I will] suit up for the 101st consecutive time," James said. "If I'm fortunate, I can suit up for -- what is it, [107]? We'll see what happens."
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds, 2017's most successful game launches on Xbox One tomorrow, but in some parts of the world, they already have their hands on the Battle Royale experience that's hooked over 24 million people on PC. Unfortunately, it looks like there may be some optimization problems. Early streams and video captures are showing stuttering and an inconsistent framerate for the Xbox version of the game, with some saying the game dipped into the single-digits.
This isn't good, at all. PUBG is a fast-paced, kill or be killed game in which one wrong move in your battle to survive inside a shrinking battlefield against 99 other players needs the most precise movement possible. With no aim-assist on the analog controls of a console joypad, every frame matters, and right now it seems like people trying to survive are having a tough time. The rooms inside houses seem extremely dark, which will affect looting (especially in the early game rush for tools of survival), and textures are popping in and out. How will players know if that's a bush or a person they need to shoot?
And it's not the absolute most crucial part of the game, but beginning a match by parachuting out and landing in a safe area, or maneuvering away from a zone in which a host of people who want to kill you with anything they can get your hands on await, is important. In the below clip (cued at the appropriate timestamp) we see how choppy it is landing, looking like it's way under the reported 30FPS the game was supposed to run at. Additionally, look at those shadows popping in and out. That's going to get people killed. It's not completely game-breaking, but this isn't something that makes me excited to step away from my gaming rig anytime soon.
The seats have been off all winter and the wheel will be removed next week -- the 60-year-old iconic Ferris Wheel at the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk is being retired.In a Facebook post, the Boardwalk announced that its last day of operation was last fall. The Ferris Wheel was down during the winter for routine maintenance. It was during that time the park decided not to bring it back.In a response to a patron on Facebook, the park writes, "We would have given guests an opportunity for one last ride! We're sorry we weren't able to give everyone a last chance to ride the Ferris Wheel! We're looking at all options for a replacement (including another ferris wheel..)"To give people a sense of how many times the wheel turned over the years, the park offered this statistic, "Our Ferris Wheel had more than 4 million riders since 1986 alone! (We didn't track its ridership before that.) That's a lot of memories!"The Boardwalk says they may put a food cart or a game there temporarily over the summer while they make a decision on a replacement ride.Many people were asking if the Ferris Wheel seats would be available for purchase but the park has not yet made a decision saying, "We will let people know here on Facebook if we decide to sell the seats."
Transcript for Suspect in Toronto van attack charged with murder
Point five year old Alec may now feud in court this morning as police continue their search for a motive. In what the Canadian prime minister is calling senseless attack the half of. All Canadians side I'll offer my deepest heartfelt condolences to the loved ones of all those who were killed. And we wish a full recovery. This new surveillance video showing the dead leave BN massacre in broad daylight eyewitnesses telling ABC news the V and swerved across multiple lanes of traffic. Before jumping onto the sidewalk and hitting pedestrians across sixteen blocks. Couldn't believe what I see them and those. Everybody helps people on the streets kitty it won't I want all I can envision is that vivid image of the lady being on top of this. And then being so into the crowd and then they ran over them as they plowed into. To the crowd eye witnesses are stealing shocked the suspect's neighbors and also in disbelief this is our first great tragedy. Of this kind in the Toronto area. And trump will never be the same again it. Toronto now a city in morning. Overnight a moment of silence at the Toronto Maple Leafs game. And this makeshift memorial at the site of the attack rolling by the hour. What to name an afternoon with charged with ten counts of murder and thirteen counts of attempted murder. As remote if it remains under investigation for now police say they believe this attack was intentional. But not over deleted. Elizabeth their ABC news New York.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
With stories of widespread hackings and websites selling your data, we all want to know how to keep our digital lives private and secure. One easy way is to use a VPN -- or virtual private network -- on your computer and smartphone.But, how do you know which one is right for you? In a partnership with Consumer Reports, 7 On Your Side's Michael Finney offers some guidelines.When Sara and Corey Meyer launched their chocolate company, Little Bird Kitchen, they knew they would have to travel all over the country to help it take wing. "In order to stay connected to our inventory, we needed a way to do it securely and we needed a VPN," said Sara Meyer, Owner of Little Bird Kitchen.Think of it as the server in the middle. In order for data to travel between your computer and another server, like a website, app, or the cloud, it has to pass through the VPN first, making your digital footprint harder to follow. "Most good VPNs also will have encryption," said Bree Fowler, Consumer Reports Tech Editor. "That will secure your data going back and forth."And it is not just for businesses. Fowler says anyone who uses public WiFi like at a coffee shop or airport would be wise to use a VPN.Choosing a service can be complicated. Sara Meyer's first two tries soured quickly. "We had to keep logging in, and it was so frustrating being in Ohio in a hotel room, and trying to get into our inventory system and we couldn't," they said.Her current VPN allows them to log-in with one click. "If you have to add in codes or put in a password, it may not get used, and a VPN that isn't used is not going to protect you," Fowler said.Another thing to look for is whether the company keeps a log of your activity."Some VPNs make no bones about the fact that they are collecting and selling your data, which is kind of antithetical to the idea of a VPN in the first place," Fowler adds. This is more common among free VPN's, but if you're willing to pay for privacy, a typical service for consumers will run you about five to ten bucks a month. Businesses will likely pay more.But Meyer says, the peace of mind really sweetens the deal. "I can be sitting anywhere where there is WiFi, and know that we are protected," they said.And this is not just for people who use public WiFi. Consumer Reports says you can also use it in your own home, so that your internet service provider cannot keep track of what you are looking at or shopping for because they can collect your data, too.
The rival Koreas on Wednesday began two days of friendly basketball games in Pyongyang in their latest goodwill gesture amid a diplomatic push to resolve the nuclear standoff with North Korea.
Female players from North and South Korea were mixed into two teams that competed against each other at Pyongyang's Ryugyong Jong Ju Yong Gymnasium. The men's mixed teams play later in the day.
The South Koreans will play against the North Korean men's and women's teams on Thursday before returning home on Friday.
The games will precede a planned three-day visit to North Korea by U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo for meetings over the future of the North's nuclear program.
It wasn't immediately clear whether North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, a noted basketball fan, would attend any of the games.
The South Korean delegation, including 50 players and government officials, arrived in Pyongyang on Tuesday on two military aircraft.
The exchanges are the latest result of a diplomatic outreach to the South that Kim announced during their annual New Year's speech. That led to the North's participation in the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics in February and two summits between Kim and South Korean President Moon Jae-in. Kim has also met with China's President Xi Jinping and U.S. President Donald Trump.
The inter-Korean summits have facilitated a slew of goodwill gestures between the Koreas, which have also agreed to field combined teams at the Jakarta Asian Games in August.
Basketball diplomacy has something of a history in North Korea.
Former NBA player Dennis Rodman arranged a game in Pyongyang in 2014 for Kim's birthday.
South Korea's Hyundai business group built a basketball stadium in Pyongyang during a previous era of rapprochement between South and North, and a joint game was played there in 2003. Two rounds of inter-Korean basketball games were held before that, in 1999.
YOU JUST SAW:
PHOTO: The assault at a Southern California nail salon was caught on video, showing women in a "fight for their life," police said.
EMBED >More News Videos The mother of Jahi McMath, the Oakland girl at the center of the medical and religious debate over brain death, held a press conference in San Francisco.
Jahi's mother describes their daughter's passing pic.twitter.com/b4789Eu5or — Melanie Woodrow (@MelanieWoodrow) July 3, 2018
"Stop pulling the plug on your people." "Do not let the hospital bully you." pic.twitter.com/JZJyULzCZZ — Melanie Woodrow (@MelanieWoodrow) July 3, 2018
"She was always alive," says McMath's mother. They say they believe they would have lived longer in CA. Commends NJ for their compassion. pic.twitter.com/46Ff8q7WBh — Melanie Woodrow (@MelanieWoodrow) July 3, 2018
"I wish I could paint their nails." Mom says they don't know what to do now without Jahi. pic.twitter.com/N9SVYBrJzj — Melanie Woodrow (@MelanieWoodrow) July 3, 2018
There are new details Tuesday on the death of Jahi McMath. California doctors declared McMath brain dead in 2013 following complications from tonsil surgery.A life or death battle ensued between McMath's family, the hospital and the state. On Tuesday, their family spoke out after Jahi passed away in New Jersey following a recent surgery.McMath's mother, Nailah Winkfield, described how their daughter had the whole world "stirred up" without saying a word."They really didn't want Jahi to live, they didn't want them to beat the odds, but that little black girl from Oakland made history and I'm so proud of her," said Winkfield.For four and a half years, McMath survived on life support."The only regret I ever had was bringing them to the hospital to get their tonsils removed," said Winkfield.The family says they gave up everything to move to Jahi to New Jersey."We had to leave everything behind," said Marvin Winkfield."Shame on California and thank God for states like New Jersey who have religious exemptions," said Jahi's uncle, Omari Sealey.On June 22 of this year, following a surgery, Nailah says Jahi's heart stopped beating and they coded."My child was never dead, they were always alive and I thank God that the state of New Jersey realized that and that's why they have a whole other death certificate with a whole other cause of death," said Winkfield.Jahi's funeral will be Friday in Oakland. For a time Tuesday, their attorney said they aren't sure the funeral could proceed, but during the press conference the Alameda County Coroner's Office said it had no hold on the case.Winkfield says they want to be an advocate for other families."I just have to tell everybody stop pulling the plug on your people, stop, I don't care what color you are. I don't care what race you are. Stop letting the doctors tell you to prematurely disconnect your family members," said Winkfield.She also says they want to help lawmakers pass legislation so that no other family has to endure what theirs did.There are two lawsuits currently underway; one regarding the Alameda County death certificate the family's attorney says is invalid and another one claiming that Jahi received too many surgeries on the same day and bled to death.The funeral is open to the public per McMath's family. It is Friday at 11 a.m. at Acts Full Gospel Church in Oakland.
BERLIN (AP) — Austrian media are reporting that a tunnel-boring machine has caught fire at the construction site of a railway tunnel under the Alps that will link Austria with Italy.
Public broadcaster ORF reported Monday that about 50 workers were in the tunnel at the time the fire broke out. It said 18 of them whom officials initially were unable to contact are believed to have taken shelter in a container inside the tunnel. It said the blaze has apparently been extinguished.
The Brenner tunnel is supposed to be completed in 2025, cutting journey times between Innsbruck and northern Italy.
April 29: Actor Keith Baxter is 85. Bluesman Otis Rush is 83. Singer Bob Miranda of The Happenings is 76. Country singer Duane Allen of The Oak Ridge Boys is 75. Singer Tommy James is 71. Bassist Wayne Secrest of Confederate Railroad is 68. Comedian Jerry Seinfeld is 64. Actress Leslie Jordan ("The Help," ''Will and Grace") is 63. Actress Kate Mulgrew ("Orange Is The New Black," ''Star Trek: Voyager") is 63. Actor Daniel Day-Lewis is 61. Actress Michelle Pfeiffer is 60. Actress Eve Plumb ("The Brady Bunch") is 60. Country singer Stephanie Bentley is 55. Singer Carnie Wilson of Wilson Phillips is 50. Actor Paul Adelstein ("Private Practice") is 49. Actress Uma Thurman is 48. Rapper Master P is 48. Actress Darby Stanchfield ("Scandal") is 47. Country singer James Bonamy is 46. Singer Erica Campbell of Mary Mary is 46. Bassist Mike Hogan of The Cranberries is 45. Actress Megan Boone ("The Blacklist") is 35. Actor Zane Carney ("Dave's World") is 33. Singer Amy Heidemann of Karmin is 32. Singer Foxes is 29.
April 30: Actress Cloris Leachman is 92. Singer Willie Nelson is 85. Actor Burt Young is 78. Actor Perry King ("Riptide") is 70. Singer-guitarist Wayne Kramer of the MC5 is 70. Singer Merril Osmond of The Osmonds is 65. Director Jane Campion is 64. Bassist Robert Reynolds of The Mavericks is 56. Actor Adrian Pasdar ("Heroes") is 53. Singer J.R. Richards of Dishwalla is 51. Rapper Turbo B of Snap is 51. Guitarist Clark Vogeler of The Toadies is 49. Singer Chris "Choc" Dalyrimple of Soul for Real is 47. Guitarist Chris Henderson of 3 Doors Down is 47. Country singer Carolyn Dawn Johnson is 47. Actress Lisa Dean Ryan ("Doogie Howser, M.D.") is 46. Singer Akon is 45. Singer Jeff Timmons of 98 Degrees is 45. Actor Johnny Galecki ("The Big Bang Theory," ''Roseanne") is 43. Actor Sam Heughan ("Outlander") is 38. Actor Kunal Nayyar ("The Big Bang Theory") is 37. Rapper Lloyd Banks is 36. Actress Kirsten Dunst is 36. Country singer Tyler Wilkinson of The Wilkinsons is 34. Actress Dianna Agron ("Glee") is 32. Singer Brandon Lancaster of LANCO is 29.
May 1: Singer Judy Collins is 79. Singer Rita Coolidge is 73. Singer-bassist Nick Fortuna of The Buckinghams is 72. Actor Dann Florek ("Law and Order: SVU") is 67. Singer-songwriter Ray Parker Jr. is 64. Actor Byron Stewart is 62. Actress Maia Morgenstern ("The Passion of the Christ") is 56. Actor Scott Coffey ("Mulholland Drive," ''The Outsiders") is 54. Country singer Wayne Hancock is 53. Actor Charlie Schlatter ("Diagnosis Murder") is 52. Country singer Tim McGraw is 51. Bassist D'Arcy Wretzky (Smashing Pumpkins) is 50. Director Wes Anderson is 49. Actress Julie Benz ("No Ordinary Family") is 46. Singer Tina Campbell of Mary Mary is 44. Actor Darius McCrary ("Family Matters") is 42. Actor Jamie Dornan ("Fifty Shades of Grey") is 36. Actress Kerry Bishe ("Argo") is 34.
May 2: Singer Englebert Humperdinck is 82. Country singer R.C. Bannon is 73. Country singer Larry Gatlin is 70. Singer Lou Gramm of Foreigner is 68. Actress Christine Baranski is 66. Singer Angela Bofill is 64. Actor Brian Tochi ("Revenge of the Nerds," ''Police Academy") is 59. Actress Elizabeth Berridge ("The John Larroquette Show") is 56. Country singer Ty Herndon is 56. TV commentator Mika Brzezinski is 51. Wrestler-actor Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) is 46. Singer Jeff Gutt of Stone Temple Pilots is 42. Actress Jenna Von Oy ("Blossom") is 41. Actress Ellie Kemper ("Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt," ''The Office") is 38. Actor Robert Buckley ("One Tree Hill") is 37. Actor Gaius Charles ("Grey's Anatomy") is 35. Singer Lily Allen is 33. Guitarist Jim Almgren of Carolina Liar is 32. Actress Kay Panabaker ("No Ordinary Family," ''Summerland") is 28.
May 3: Actor Alex Cord ("Airwolf") is 85. Singer Frankie Valli is 84. Sports announcer Greg Gumbel is 72. Singer Mary Hopkin is 68. Singer Christopher Cross is 67. Drummer Cactus Moser (Highway 101) is 61. Keyboardist David Ball of Soft Cell is 59. Country singer Shane Minor is 50. Actress Amy Ryan ("Bridge of Spies," ''The Office") is 50. Actor Bobby Cannavale ("Boardwalk Empire," ''Nurse Jackie") is 48. Music producer-actor Damon Dash is 47. Bassist John Driskell Hopkins of Zac Brown Band is 47. Country singer Brad Martin is 45. TV personality Willie Geist ("Today") is 43. Actress Christina Hendricks ("Mad Men") is 43. Actor Dule Hill ("Psych," ''The West Wing") is 43. Country singer Eric Church is 41. Actress Tanya Wright ("Orange Is The New Black") is 40. Dancer Cheryl Burke ("Dancing With the Stars") is 34. Singer Michael Kiwanuka is 31. Rapper Desiigner is 21.
May 4: Jazz bassist Ron Carter is 81. Surf guitarist Dick Dale is 81. Singer Peggy Santiglia Davison of The Angels is 74. Actor Richard Jenkins ("The Shape of Water") is 71. Country singer Stella Parton is 69. Singer Jackie Jackson of The Jacksons is 67. Singer-actor Pia Zadora is 66. Singer Oleta Adams is 65. Country singer Randy Travis is 59. Actress Mary McDonough ("The Waltons") is 57. Comedian Ana Gasteyer ("Saturday Night Live") is 51. Actor Will Arnett ("Arrested Development," ''Blades of Glory") is 48. Bassist Mike Dirnt of Green Day is 46. TV personality Kimora Lee Simmons is 43. Singer Lance Bass ('N Sync) is 39. Actress Ruth Negga ("Loving") is 37. Rapper Jidenna is 33. Actor Alexander Gould ("Weeds") is 24. Country singer RaeLynn is 24. Actress Amara Miller ("The Descendants") is 18.
May 5: Actress Pat Carroll is 91. Actor Michael Murphy is 80. Actor Lance Henriksen ("Millennium," ''Aliens") is 78. Comedian-actor Michael Palin (Monty Python) is 75. Former MTV News correspondent Kurt Loder is 73. Drummer Bill Ward of Black Sabbath is 70. Actress Lisa Eilbacher ("An Officer and a Gentleman," ''Beverly Hills Cop") is 61. Singer Ian McCulloch of Echo and the Bunnymen is 59. Newsman Brian Williams is 59. Actress Tina Yothers ("Family Ties") is 45. Singer Raheem DeVaughn is 43. Actor Vincent Kartheiser ("Mad Men") is 39. Singer Craig David is 37. Actress Danielle Fishel ("Boy Meets World") is 37. Actor Henry Cavill ("Man of Steel," ''The Tudors") is 35. Singer Adele is 30. Singer Chris Brown is 29.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on the settlement between the company formerly known as Yahoo and government regulators over a huge 2014 data breach (all times local):
4 p.m.
Prosecutors say two Russian intelligence agents, Dmitry Dokuchaev and Igor Sushchin, used information they stole from Yahoo to spy on Russian journalists, U.S. and Russian government officials and employees of financial services and other private businesses.
A U.S. judge in San Francisco on Tuesday, meanwhile, pushed back a sentencing hearing for a 23-year-old Canadian man, Karim Baratov, who prosecutors say was hired by Dokuchaev to breach at least 80 email accounts obtained from the massive Yahoo hack.
Judge Vince Chhabria questioned whether the sentence of seven years and 10 months that prosecutors were seeking for Baratov was longer than what other hackers had received for similar crimes.
Baratov's attorneys have called for a sentence of three years and nine months.
___
2:15 p.m.
The company formerly known as Yahoo is paying a $35 million fine to resolve federal regulators' charges that the online pioneer deceived investors by failing to disclose one of the biggest data breaches in internet history.
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the action Tuesday against the company, which is now called Altaba after its most valuable parts were sold to Verizon Communications for $4.48 billion last year. The Sunnyvale, California-based company neither admitted nor denied the allegations but did agree to refrain from further violations of securities laws.
Personal data was stolen from hundreds of millions of Yahoo users in the December 2014 breach attributed to Russian hackers. The SEC alleged that, although Yahoo senior managers and attorneys were told about the breach, the company failed to fully investigate.
One from this week's @NewYorker. Hello politics, my names Will. pic.twitter.com/5LfNYnOgMA — Will McPhail (@WillMcPhail) January 2, 2017
Donald Trump has made countless ridiculous claims throughout their campaign, election victory and ongoing transition. They range in content, length, and believably, though they often pertain to what their most recent boast about “know[ing] things that other people don't know” about Russia's alleged email hacking — knowledge.
And not just general knowledge, but knowing what's best for America while claiming current and outgoing elected officials — many of them schooled experts — do not. Hence the gimmick behind New Yorker cartoonist Will McPhail's latest for the weekly magazine, which is causing quite a stir on Twitter.
McPhail shared the cartoon on Twitter Monday morning, a week ahead of its scheduled publication, by saying “Hello politics, my names Will.” In the cartoon, a black-shirted man stands above the other passengers aboard an airplane and exclaims, “These smug pilots have lost touch with regular passengers like us. Who thinks I should fly the plane?” In addition to the speaker, roughly half of the people seen on the flight raise their hands in agreement.
As of this writing, McPhail's tweet has earned over 4,500 retweets and almost 6,500 likes. No wonder so many journalists, political pundits, and Twitter trolls have taken a liking (or not) to the new cartoon and the implied anti-Trump and Trump supporter sentiments therein.
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Authorities say they still don't have a clear motive for the Las Vegas shooting rampage.Undersheriff Kevin C. McMahill provided an update on the investigation Friday. They say authorities have looked at gunman Stephen Paddock's personal life, political affiliation, economic situation and any potential radicalization.He says authorities are aware the Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the attack, but so far there is no evidence that it had a role.He says authorities will continue to investigate those areas as well as look into leads and tips that come in.Paddock unleased gunfire Sunday from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel casino on the Las Vegas Strip, killing dozens and injuring nearly 500 people. They killed themselves as police closed in.Massachusetts could be moving quickly to outlaw so-called "bump stock" devices used by the Las Vegas shooter.Democratic and Republican lawmakers have both filed bills to ban the devices. Republican Gov. Charlie Baker said they support a ban.The devices fit over the stock and grip of a semi-automatic rifle and allow the weapon to fire continuously, some 400 to 800 rounds in a single minute.State Rep. David Linsky, a Natick Democrat, has filed legislation that would outlaw any devices that increase the rate of discharge of a weapon and ban the sale of large capacity-feeding devices.Republican Senate Leader Bruce Tarr of Gloucester has sponsored a bill that would prohibit devices that effectively turn rifles and shotguns into weapons with firing capabilities similar to machine guns.Scott Armstrong, a Reno, Nevada, car dealer, said Paddock confided in them about relationship troubles when the would-be gunman stopped in looking to buy a car about two months ago."Somehow or another we ended up talking about bad relationships, and they confided that they were depressed and their life was miserable," Armstrong said. "It just struck me as really odd that somebody would say that."Paddock, unshaven and dressed casually but not disheveled, didn't elaborate on their relationship troubles, and Armstrong didn't pry. They didn't smile, and they "wasn't very pleasant to talk to," they said."I could tell they were really down or something," Armstrong said. "I just told him, I said, 'Hey I've been in some bad relationships myself. It'll get better. Tomorrow will be a better day than today.' "Armstrong said he's talked with FBI agents about their recollection.Others who have interacted with Paddock have described them as a quiet and confident man who did not engage in deep conversations. Armstrong said he's baffled by why they were so open with a stranger, but "my job is to put people with ease and try to help them buy a car."How are they so certain Paddock is the downtrodden man who visited him?"When's the last time somebody told you their life was miserable? It sticks with you," they said.
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. (AP) — James Harrison and Malcolm Butler can probably trade notes when it comes to Super Bowl-changing defensive plays.
The two New England Patriots teammates are the authors of perhaps the two most memorable from the first 51 Super Bowls. One a game-sealing interception and the other a 100-yard return that provided a 14-point swing.
"They're both all-time great plays," said NFL Network analyst Willie McGinest, who played in four Super Bowls with the Patriots. "I don't want to rank them against each other. They both were game-changers."
Butler's interception at the goal line that turned what looked like a Seattle repeat title into the fourth championship for Tom Brady and the Patriots three years ago might be the most impactful play of any kind in the Super Bowl when it comes to determining the champion.
"It feels like yesterday, but life goes that fast," Butler said.
Butler was an unlikely hero that game. They played just one-sixth of New England's defensive snaps all season and was on the field for just 17 defensive plays before being put in on the goal line at the end of the game.
They then stepped in front of Ricardo Lockette on a slant pattern and intercepted Russell Wilson's pass to stake their place in Super Bowl history.
"Just be ready. Just be ready," they said of their attitude that day. "I might not play, but I'm going to prepare like I'm going to play and I got the result."
Harrison's impact was much less of a surprise considering they were the AP Defensive Player of the Year in 2008 when they helped lead the Steelers to the Super Bowl.
Arizona appeared set to take the lead in the closing seconds of the first half when Harrison stepped in front of Anquan Boldin and intercepted a pass at the goal line before racing 100 yards for a touchdown on the final play of the half to put Pittsburgh up 17-7.
While the Steelers still needed a last-minute TD pass from Ben Roethlisberger to Santonio Holmes to win 27-23, Harrison's play was still one of the biggest in Super Bowl history, providing a potential 14-point swing.
Here are some other memorable defensive plays in Super Bowl history:
VON STRIP-SACK: Von Miller set the tone for the Super Bowl two years ago on Carolina's second drive of the game. Miller sped past helpless right tackle Mike Remmers and ripped the ball away from league MVP Cam Newton on the sack. Malik Jackson pounced on the ball in the end zone to give Denver a 10-0 lead. Miller later iced the game with another strip-sack in the fourth quarter to earn Super Bowl MVP honors.
PICK-SIX: Peyton Manning had the Colts driving for a potential tying touchdown late in the game played in 2010 against New Orleans when everything changed on one play. With Indianapolis facing a third-and-5 at the Saints 31, Manning looked for favorite target Reggie Wayne over the middle. Tracy Porter stepped in front of Wayne to intercept the pass and raced 74 yards for the title-sealing touchdown.
GOAL-LINE STOP: Few Super Bowl endings have been as dramatic as the one between the St. Louis Rams and Tennessee Titans in the game played in 2000. The Titans rallied back from a 16-point deficit to tie the game only to have the Rams take the lead on the next play from scrimmage on a 73-yard pass from Kurt Warner to Isaac Bruce. Steve McNair took over with less than two minutes left and drove Tennessee down to the 10 with time for one more play. McNair found Kevin Dyson on a short slant and for an instant it looked as if they might be able to run it in the end zone, but Mike Jones wrapped them up for the tackle at the 1 , just short of a potential tying score.
MOMENTUM-CHANGER: Having lost three straight Super Bowls, the Buffalo Bills took a 13-6 halftime lead against Dallas in trip four and started with the ball in the third quarter. But instead of adding to the lead, the Bills lost it when Leon Lett stripped Thurman Thomas of the ball and safety James Washington scooped it up and weaved their way to a 46-yard touchdown . Emmitt Smith added two TD runs to earn MVP honors as Dallas ran away for a 30-13 win, but it was Washington's play that was most important.
ROCKET SCREEN: Washington trailed the Raiders 14-3 late in the first half of the game played in 1984 when the Redskins took over at their 12 with 12 seconds to play. Rather than taking a knee, Washington coach Joe Gibbs called "Rocket Screen," a play that had led to a big gain late in the half in the regular season against the Raiders. Los Angeles was ready this time, putting backup linebacker Jack Squirek in place of starter Matt Millen just for this moment. Joe Theismann faked a pass to their right before floating a screen to Joe Washington to their left. Before the ball could reach Washington, Squirek grabbed it and walked for a 5-yard score that set the scene for a second-half blowout.
___
AP Sports Writer Kyle Hightower contributed to this report
___
For more AP NFL coverage: http://pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_NFL
SAN DIEGO (AP) — Federal immigration authorities formalized a policy Wednesday to send deportation agents to federal, state and local courthouses to make arrests, dismissing complaints from judges and advocacy groups that it instills fear among crime victims, witnesses and family members.
The two-page directive from U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement said it will enter courthouses only for specific targets, like convicted criminals, gang members, public safety threats and immigrants who have been previously deported or ordered to leave. Family, friends and witnesses won't be picked up for deportation but ICE leaves a caveat for "special circumstances."
The policy, signed by ICE acting director Thomas Homan, says immigration agents should generally avoid arrests in non-criminal areas of the court, like family court and small claims, unless it supervisor approves.
ICE — in a not-so-subtle jab at "sanctuary cities" that limit work with immigration authorities — said "increasing unwillingness of some jurisdictions to cooperate with ICE in the safe and orderly transfer of targeted aliens inside their prisons and jails has necessitated additional at-large arrests."
Immigration agents made courtroom arrests under the Obama administration but the pace appears to have picked up under President Donald Trump, whose administration has seen a roughly 40 percent surge in arrests overall and has cast a much wider net.
In March, California Supreme Court Chief Justice Tani G. Cantil-Sakauye asked ICE to stay out of their courts, writing, "Courthouses should not be used as bait in the necessary enforcement of our country's immigration laws."
Washington state Supreme Court Chief Justice Mary E. Fairhurst wrote at the time that ICE's presence was "deeply troubling because they impede the fundamental mission of our courts, which is to ensure due process and access for everyone, regardless of their immigration status."
Sarah Mehta, a human rights research with the American Civil Liberties Union, said the new policy is helpful to understand ICE's self-imposed limitations — despite exceptions allowed — but says may have come too late with fear already spread.
"A lot of the damage has been done over the last year," they said.
ICE reaffirmed its 2014 policy is in place to avoid deportation arrests at "sensitive locations," including schools, daycares, hospitals, places of worship, funerals, weddings rallies and public demonstrations. Courthouses have never been part of that list.
Homan said metal detectors at courthouse entrances provide more safety to officers.
"We're not going to do it in the courtroom but to me it's safer," Homan said in an interview in November. "It makes sense to arrest a criminal in a criminal courthouse."
Israel's ambassador in Moscow criticized Russia for blocking the international adoption of a definition of anti-Semitism, which they linked to a recent string of allegedly racist statements about Jews by Russian politicians.
Gary Koren's unusual statement on anti-Semitism in Russia was in an interview for Interfax, the news agency reported Wednesday, in which they singled out Russia for blocking the definition's adoption by the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe – an intergovernmental group of 57 member states.
“The OSCE has attempted to determine a text, which ought to define what can be classified as anti-Semitism and what its working definition is. We are discussing this issue with the Russian Foreign Ministry and hope that Russia will adopt this definition in the future,” Koren said.
Israeli ambassadors to Russia rarely comment on issues that do not involve Israel and bilateral relations directly.
Their statement came as confirmation to reports, including by the president of the Board of Deputies of British Jews, Jonathan Arkush, that Russia was the only country blocking the adoption of the definition, which is controversial because it lists some forms of hate speech on Israel as an example of anti-Semitism.
“All the other countries accepted the definition but Russia,” Arkush revealed during an address on Feb. 4 at the Limmud FSU Europe conference on Jewish learning in London. “I expect we will see some diplomatic action on Israel's part in the near future on this issue,” Arkush added.
In the Interfax interview, Koren added an apparent reference to a recent spate of incidents involving Russian politicians who used what critics regard as anti-Semitic hate speech.
Russia's endorsement of the definition “will be clarified for people who try to justify themselves by saying that their statements allegedly hold no insult to the Jews,” Koren said.
This week, a lawmaker in the state parliament of St. Petersburg, Vitaly Milonov, said that Christians survived despite how ancestors of Boris Lazarevich Vishnevsky and Maxim Lvovich Reznik, two Jewish Russian lawmakers serving in the same parliament, “boiled us in cauldrons and fed us to animals.”
The previous month, Peter Tolstoy, a lawmaker in the federal parliament, appeared to blame Jews for anti-religious persecution under communism. They referred to the descendants of people who in 1917 “jumped out of the Pale of Settlement” – the area beyond which Jews were not allowed to live in Czarist Russia — to try to “topple our churches.”
Both men denied their statements, which Russian Jews strongly condemned, were anti-Semitic.
The definition that reportedly is being blocked by Russia resembles the one recently adopted by the International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance – an intergovernmental agency of 31 Western nations.
That definition was adopted by the Alliance and by the British government last year after the European Union's agency for fighting racism removed from its website a similar text that it called its “working definition” of anti-Semitism amid protests by anti-Israel groups against the reference to Israel.
Agencies, Balasore
India today test fired the most advanced long range missile system “Agni-4” from a Road Mobile System from the Abdul Kalam Island off the Odisha coast.
The missile, having a target range of 4000 kms and considered as one of its kind with many new technologies having capability to carry Strategic Warheads for the Forces, was tested fired at 11:50 hours from the launch complex 4 of the Abdul Kalam island inside the Bay of Bengal.
Defence sources said the Missile System is equipped with modern and compact Avionics with Redundancy to provide high level of reliability.
The indigenous Ring Laser Gyros based high accuracy INS (RINS) and Micro Navigation System (MINGS) complementing each other in redundant mode have been successfully flown in guidance mode.
All the Radars and electro-optical systems along the Coast of Odisha have tracked and monitored all the parameters of the vehicle.
LISBON, Portugal (AP) — Europe's economic recovery is in full swing, and in countries like Portugal the unemployment rate is falling steeply from record highs reached during the recent financial crisis. Just don't tell people like Nuno Mendes that the good times are back.
The 40-year-old Portuguese government worker lives from six-month contract to six-month contract, doing the same job every day but never sure of their future, and takes home just 1,200 euros ($1,500) a month. They would like to marry their girlfriend and have children, but they can't afford it. Unlike co-workers on permanent contracts, banks won't give them a mortgage.
"Everything in my life is on hold — starting a family, making long-term plans," Mendes says. "It's all very limiting and debilitating."
Many workers across southern Europe are in the same boat as Mendes, trapped in poorly-paid, insecure jobs that are locking them out of a life they once felt entitled to. It's one of the legacies of the eurozone debt crisis, and it's the new normal.
Unemployment across the 19-country eurozone was at its lowest level in nearly nine years in December, at 8.7 percent, official figures showed Wednesday. The improvement from 9.7 percent a year earlier comes amid a strong economic growth rate of 2.5 percent last year.
The brightening figures conceal, however, a darker reality.
Temporary, or fixed-term, contracts that give workers a short horizon of income security have increasingly become the norm since the Great Recession. The European Commission acknowledged last year that "the overall trend since 2006 indicates growing use of involuntary fixed-term contracts."
European leaders have in recent times urged governments in southern Europe, where the end of 20th-century dictatorships heralded new democratic powers and powerful trade unions demanding job protection, to make their workforces more flexible. That meant making it cheaper and easier to hire and fire employees.
Recent legislation has watered down some safeguards. Even so, many businesses remain reluctant to risk open-ended contracts that further down the line could be an unwelcome burden due to severance pay and other legal considerations.
Such concerns have given rise to what is termed a dual labor market, seen by analysts as a European scourge. It means that some workers get a healthy pay packet, generous benefits and employment security. Others endure low wages, job insecurity and bleak prospects of promotion.
The Spanish government said this month that 2017 was a record year for job creation, with 21.5 million employment contracts signed. The downside: 19.6 million of them were temporary.
Italy's largest trade union says the number of people with temporary or part-time jobs who are seeking permanent, full-time work grew to a record 4.5 million in the first half of 2017. That compares with nearly 3.1 million in 2007. On top of that, the number of Italians who cannot find full-time work more than doubled from 756,000 in 2007 to 1.8 million in the first half of last year.
European businesses have partly explained that by a mismatch between the skills workers possess and the skills companies need. A survey published this month by the Association of European Chambers of Commerce and Industry, based on responses from more than 50,000 businesses in 23 countries, found that the mismatch "is becoming a significant obstacle to growth."
Portugal's jobless rate stood at 7.8 percent in December, the lowest in eight years. It peaked at a record 16.2 percent in 2013, which was a third straight year of recession after the country's 78-billion euro ($97 billion) bailout amid the eurozone's financial crisis. A recovery began the following year.
But only 34 percent of employment contracts signed between 2013 and last year were open-ended, according to the Observatory of Crises and Alternatives at Portugal's Coimbra University.
"The creation of jobs in Portugal has been spectacular ... but most of them are temporary jobs," said Nuno Teles, one of the observatory's researchers.
They point to a high turnover of fixed-term contracts. From 2013 to the end of 2017, about 3 million employment contracts were signed, but only about 1 million of them still exist. Some workers, Teles says, have two work contracts in the space of a month.
Part of the reason is the nature of Portugal's economic recovery. It is largely being powered by the tourism sector, where seasonal work is common, and the construction industry, which is frequently offering contracts valid only for the duration of specific building projects.
Another driver of change has been new technology. Working patterns are changing, with an increasing number of people freelancing, working part-time from home and holding jobs for short periods. It suits some.
In the case of employees like government worker Mendes, there's an added twist: they aren't a temporary worker, he's a fake temporary worker, and the government is behind the sham.
Mendes, who holds a Masters degree, belongs to a loose national association of such workers called "precarios do estado" —literally, "precarious government workers." They are employed by the state on temporary contracts that are renewed every six months or annually. The association is pressing the government to make good on its 2015 promise to formally classify them as the permanent workers they effectively are.
The association's website includes numerous stories from those in similar circumstances to Mendes. "Why can't I set out the course of my and my family's life for the next 3, 4, 5 or 10 years?" complains one of them, 37-year-old school teacher Antonio Fachada.
The issue has become a key battleground for trade unions, but Mendes says they don't feel resentful. They see the government as a victim of the financial crisis, too, because the bailout lenders wouldn't let it hire permanent staff.
With the economy surging, Mendes is hopeful their limbo will come to an end soon, though he's learned to roll with the punches.
"I've stopped worrying about my future," they say with a laugh. "I can't, because I'd end up having no life."
____
Colleen Barry in Milan and Ciaran Giles in Madrid contributed to this story.
Transcript for Firefighter rappels from roof to save workers after scaffold collapse
The scaffold collapse in palmetto bay Florida two workers dangling from the side of a four story building hanging from their safety harnesses. Firefighter mekki Castro repelling from the roof they helped lower both workers to safety doing one at a time.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Getty Image
Billionaire Elon Musk has popped up in some unexpected contexts online — regarding everything from their fantastically fierce meeting behavior to tangling with Rick and Morty — in recent days, but now he's focusing on a much more vital subject. That is, Musk recognizes that Puerto Rico needs more help than President Trump tossing paper towels and obsessing over canned chicken in order to recover from Hurricane Maria's destruction. So, Musk is offering to help rebuild the U.S. territory's entire power grid.
How exactly does the Tesla founder plan to accomplish such a task? By way of solar power and batteries. Through the Tesla-incorporated SolarCity, Musk has embarked upon such endeavors in American Samoa, where the island of Ta'u can now store three days of energy in a solar grid. Musk tweeted that Tesla can bring the same results to Puerto Rico, but he's leaving the decision up to the government and the people, of course:
“The Tesla team has done this for many smaller islands around the world, but there is no scalability limit, so it can be done for Puerto Rico too. Such a decision would be in the hands of the PR govt, PUC, any commercial stakeholders and, most importantly, the people of PR.”
In response, the Puerto Rican government appears to be taking Musk's statement seriously. Governor Ricardo Rossello tweeted, “Let's talk.”
@elonMusk Let's talk. Do you want to show the world the power and scalability of your #TeslaTechnologies? PR could be that flagship project. https://t.co/McnHKwisqc — Ricardo Rossello (@ricardorossello) October 6, 2017
Musk and Rossello are actually expected to discuss the issue on Friday afternoon. The project would obviously take months to put into fruition, but residents and businesses were already staring down four to six months without power following Hurricane Maria's devastation. And with FEMA quietly removing electricity and water stats concerning Puerto Rico from its website, the U.S. territory can use all the help that Musk can offer.
(Via CNBC & BBC)
Foreign investors have both the capital and the desire to continue buying U.S. real estate. The question is whether those forces will be strong enough to offset looming challenges ahead in the form of higher interest rates and a maturing real estate cycle, as well as a shifting geopolitical and regulatory environment.
After hitting a record high $98.9 billion in 2015, cross-border transaction volume dropped by one third last year, according to Real Capital Analytics (RCA), a New York City-based research firm. Yet that decline is more of a natural reset rather than a cause for alarm. “I do believe 2015 was an outlier year,” says Randy Giraldo, head of U.S. portfolio management for TH Real Estate, an operating division of TIAA Global Asset Management.
Total global capital flows into the U.S. surged in 2015 due to some very large transactions that took place. Taking 2015 out of the equation, the $65.5 billion in sales that did occur in 2016 was still a nice increase compared to the $41.7 billion and $43.1 billion that occurred in 2013 and 2014 respectively. Cross-border investment also accounted for a bigger percentage of the total volume in 2016 at 13.4 percent as compared to 11.5 percent and 10.0 percent in 2013 and 2014, according to RCA.
“I believe it's a healthy moderation and a slight step down from what was an extraordinary year,” says Keith DeCoster, director of U.S. real estate analytics at Savills Studley. In 2015 there were more entity-level and massive portfolio transactions that boosted the overall dollar volume. “You could also say that 2015 was the year that the industrial sector became the darling of investors with an exceptional level of investment in the industrial sector,” they add.
The bigger question is what lies ahead for 2017. “In terms of the money that people have raised for investment in North America for 2017 that is still at an all-time high,” says Revathi Greenwood, Americas head of investment research for real estate services firm CBRE. For example, North America-focused private equity funds closed in 2016 raised $53 billion. And currently there are 311 North America-focused funds in the market that are collectively targeting $104 billion in capital commitments, according to London-based research firm Preqin.
“We expect that the long-term trend for foreign investment into the United States is only going to increase,” says Spencer Levy, Americas head of research for CBRE. The U.S. has favorable economic growth, as well as greater liquidity and transparency related to other foreign markets. “I'm optimistic for stronger global capital flows this year,” they say. Yet one of the factors working against that in the near-term is a material increase in interest rates over the last few months that is putting pressure on cap rates and making the overall value of real estate less attractive than in some other countries, they add.
It also remains to be seen whether tighter controls that the Chinese government has put in place will restrict capital from Chinese investors. “The other question from the U.S. side is how the new administration is going to review investments from overseas jurisdictions, including China,” says Greenwood.
Chinese are a dominant player
Despite tighter regulations by the Chinese government aimed at limiting capital investment outside their home country, Chinese firms have emerged as a dominant player in the U.S. market in recent years. In fact, Chinese investors were the most active foreign capital group last year. Chinese firms accounted for about 24 percent of the cross-border investment in 2016, followed by Canadian firms at 19 percent, according to CBRE. Notable deals included Anbang Insurance Group's $6.5 billion acquisition of Strategic Hotels & Resorts.
However, the Chinese government is continuing to tighten restrictions on outflows of capital that could hamper new investment. Specifically, the added controls make it a more arduous and lengthier process to move money out of their home country. A number of large Chinese corporations already hold a significant amount of capital and assets outside of China, which enables them to effectively bypass some of the government restrictions.
There are different groups that track Chinese investment into the U.S., in real estate and other business ventures, and right now there is a strong queue of pending deals, notes Greenwood. There is an estimated $21 billion in deals that are awaiting regulatory approval or financing, and another $7 billion in capital expenditures related to announced projects. “Those are in the pipeline, but what actually happens in 2017 depends on the regulatory and political climate on both sides,” says Greenwood.
Demand is still strong
Overall, foreign investors' appetite to buy real estate in the U.S. remains solid. According to the annual survey by the Association of Foreign Investors in Real Estate (AFIRE) that was released in January, 95 percent of respondents said they plan to maintain or increase their investment in the U.S. in the coming year.
“From all of our different touch points across the globe we still see a very strong desire—and perhaps even an increased desire—to invest in the United States,” says Giraldo. TH Real Estate announced in January that it had entered into a new agreement with The Korean Teachers' Credit Union to establish a new joint venture where both parties will contribute up to a combined $1 billion to invest in U.S. commercial real estate loans. The agreement expands upon an existing relationship, through which the two firms have invested over $950 million in U.S. commercial real estate debt since 2014.
Generally, foreign investors remain focused on gateway markets and core properties. The top five cities for foreign investors are New York, Los Angeles, Boston, Seattle and San Francisco. Noticeably absent is Washington, D.C., the first time the city did not make the list since the survey started in 1992, according to AFIRE.
In addition, more than half of survey respondents report plans to increase both value-added and opportunistic allocations in the coming year. Foreign investors are expanding their scope beyond gateway cities to include secondary markets such as Nashville, Ten.., Portland, Ore., Charlotte, N.C., San Antonio, Texas, Madison, Wis. and Pittsburgh, according to AFIRE. “There is increasing interest by foreign investors in some of those cities, but it would be misleading to draw conclusions about a structural allocation shift in that direction,” says Giraldo. Gateway cities are still capturing the majority of foreign dollars, they add.
So far, foreign investors appear to be taking the new Trump administration in stride. “Part of what is fueling optimism in the U.S. equity markets since Donald Trump was elected is a belief in potentially greater inflation and economic growth that could trickle into real estate demand,” says Giraldo.
However, if the U.S. were to introduce substantive policy change and adopt an isolationist stance, that could potentially prompt foreign investors to hit the pause button or take a more wait-and-see approach as it relates to new U.S. real estate investment, adds DeCoster.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Battles over priorities in a huge government-wide spending bill are essentially settled, leaving a scaled-back plan for President Donald Trump's border wall and a huge rail project that pits Trump against Capitol Hill's most powerful Democrat as the top issues to be solved.
An agreement could be announced as early as Tuesday.
Efforts to tackle politically-charged immigration issues and rapidly rising health insurance premiums appeared to be faltering.
Capitol Hill Democrats rejected a White House bid to extend protections for so-called Dreamer immigrants in exchange for $25 billion in funding for a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border. Democrats appeared likely to yield on $1.6 billion in wall funding, Trump's official request for the 2018 budget year, but they were digging in against Trump's plans to hire hundreds of new immigration agents.
A dispute over abortion seemed likely to scuttle a Senate GOP plan to provide billions in federal subsidies to insurers to help curb health insurance premium increases.
Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., was working on Trump's behalf against funding for a Hudson River tunnel and rail project that's important to Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., and Republicans from New York and New Jersey.
Monday's developments were described by several lawmakers — as well as congressional aides in both parties who spoke on condition of anonymity because the talks remain secretive.
House and Senate action is needed by midnight Friday to avert another government shutdown.
The bill would implement last month's budget agreement, providing 10 percent increases for the Pentagon and domestic agencies. Coupled with last year's tax cuts, it heralds the return of trillion-dollar budget deficits as soon as the budget year starting in October.
Many battles over policy riders were sorted out in marathon negotiations over the weekend. As is typical, many of the policy issues were melting away.
"We've had at least 100 that we've taken out," said Vermont Sen. Patrick Leahy, top Democrat on the Appropriations Committee.
For instance, an effort to add a plan to revive federal subsidies to stabilize the individual health insurance market and help the poor cover out-of-pocket costs under President Barack Obama's health law appeared to be failing. A complicated dispute involving abortion was at fault.
Trump told Sens. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., and Susan Collins, R-Maine, that they support addressing the health insurance issue now as part of the catchall spending plan.
Alexander and Collins are seeking to revive payments to insurers, which Trump halted last fall, that reimburse the carriers for reducing out-of-pocket costs for many low-earning customers. Those reductions are required by the Obama health law, and insurers have made up for the lost federal payments by boosting premiums.
The Republicans said their subsidy plan would reduce premiums by up to 40 percent over time. They would also create a $30 billion, three-year reinsurance program that states could use to help insurers afford to cover their most seriously ill, expensive consumers.
Democrats, however, oppose GOP provisions that would forbid the federal payments from being used to help pay for insurance policies that provide abortion.
And Republicans appeared likely to fail in a bid to fix a glitch in the recent tax bill that subsidizes grain sales to cooperatives at the expense of for-profit grain companies, several aides said.
"We need to fix that problem," said House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif.
Elsewhere, efforts to use the measure as a vehicle to extend protections for young immigrants under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival, or DACA, program appeared likely to fail, lawmakers and aides said. Trump killed the Obama-era program in September, but a court decision has essentially left it in place, for now. The White House had revived the idea in recent days — offering on Sunday a 30-month extension of DACA protections in exchange for $25 billion for Trump's border wall — but Democrats demanded protections for a broader pool of immigrants than had signed up for DACA, a request denied by GOP negotiators.
"Nobody's really moved," said No. 2 Senate Republican John Cornyn of Texas.
Trump tweeted Monday night: "The Democrats do not want to help DACA. Would be so easy to make a deal!"
The president, meanwhile, has privately threatened to veto the whole package if a $900 million payment is made on the Hudson River Gateway Project, a priority for Schumer. Trump's opposition is alarming Northeastern Republicans such as Rep. Peter King of New York, who lobbied Trump on the project at a St. Patrick's luncheon in the Capitol Thursday.
The Gateway Project would add an $11 billion rail tunnel under the Hudson River to complement deteriorating, century-old tunnels that are at risk of closing in a few years. It enjoys bipartisan support among key Appropriations panel negotiators on the omnibus measure who want to get the expensive project on track while their coffers are flush with money.
___
Associated Press writer Alan Fram contributed to this report.
U.S. Navy guided-missile destroyer USS Porter sails in the Bosphorus, on its way to the Mediterranean Sea, in Istanbul, Turkey, February 11, 2017. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Multiple Russian military aircraft came close to a U.S. Navy destroyer in the Black Sea on Feb. 10, incidents considered "unsafe and unprofessional," a U.S. official said on Tuesday.
The Russian Defense Ministry said no such incidents had occurred.
"There were no incidents of any kind on Feb. 10, related to flights by Russian military jets in the Black Sea near the U.S. Navy destroyer Porter," Russian news agencies cited a spokesperson for the Russian Defense Ministry, Major-General Igor Konashenkov, as saying.
But Captain Danny Hernandez, a spokesperson for U.S. European Command, cited three separate incidents involving Russian aircraft and the USS Porter. One involved two Russian Su-24 jets, another a separate Su-24, and the third a larger IL-38.
"USS Porter queried all aircraft and received no response," Hernandez said. "Such incidents are concerning because they can result in accident or miscalculation," they added.
The incidents involving the Su-24 were considered to be unsafe and unprofessional by the commanding officer of the Porter because of their high speed and low altitude, while the IL-38 flew at an unusually low altitude, Hernandez said.
Another U.S. official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the lone Su-24 came within 200 yards (meters) of the Porter at an altitude of 300 feet (90 meters).
In April 2016 two Russian warplanes flew simulated attack passes near a U.S. guided missile destroyer in the Baltic Sea so close that they created wake in the water.
(Reporting by Idrees Ali in Washington and Jack Stubbs in Moscow; Editing by James Dalgleish)
When a United States flag becomes worn from use there is a ceremony to retire those flags with all honors and our friends at Tetrick Funeral and Cremation Services will soon be holding a flag retirement ceremony and them to tell us more is Laura Graham.
For more information please visit their website.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
DETROIT (AP) — Young drivers aren't alone in behaving badly on U.S. roads, a trend that could be contributing to a spike in highway deaths.
Well over half of drivers in every age group have texted behind the wheel, run a red light or driven faster than the speed limit in the last 30 days, according to a new study by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety.
Younger drivers are the worst offenders. Eighty-eight percent of drivers ages 19 to 24 admitted to at least one of those behaviors. But even mature drivers skirted the rules more often researchers expected. For instance, 10 percent of drivers between 60 and 74 have texted or sent email from behind the wheel, while 37 percent of drivers over 75 said they'd driven through a light that had just turned red.
"It was a surprise that there were relatively high rates of these behaviors among the drivers we think of as safer," said Lindsay Arnold, a research associate with the AAA Foundation.
Arnold said the responses were similar to those in past years, indicating a troubling trend. In 2015, U.S. traffic deaths rose 7 percent to 35,092, the largest single-year increase in five decades. They're expected to rise again in 2016 when that data is finalized.
"It points to the need to improve driver behavior if we're going to reverse this alarming trend," Arnold said.
Teen driver education campaigns have had some success, foundation spokesperson Tamra Johnson said. Now the organization is considering the best ways to reach drivers of other ages.
The study found broad agreement on some issues. Eighty-seven percent of drivers said they have never driven when they thought they were close to the legal alcohol limit. Ninety-five percent said they had never driven within an hour of using marijuana. Eighty-eight percent of drivers say it's unacceptable to drive without a seat belt, and 82 percent support laws requiring motorcycle riders to wear helmets.
But drivers' behavior sometimes contradicted their own instincts. More than three-quarters of drivers say it's unacceptable to text or email while driving, but 31 percent had done so in the last month and 8 percent do so often. Ninety-six percent of drivers say drowsy driving is a serious safety threat, but 29 percent had recently driven when they were so tired they had trouble keeping their eyes open.
The study questioned 2,511 licensed drivers aged 16 and over. Among its findings:
— The youngest drivers — those ages 16 to 18 — were less likely to engage in speeding, running red lights or texting while driving than drivers in their 20s through 50s.
— Eighty-three percent of drivers — and 86.5 percent of drivers 75 or older — said they were more careful than other drivers on the road.
— Just over half of drivers feel seriously threatened by drivers talking on cell phones, but 68 percent made a call while driving in the last 30 days.
— Drivers ages 40-59 were the most likely to use a hands-free phone in the car. Driver ages 16-18 and 75 or older were the most likely to hold their phones and talk while driving.
— Twenty-three percent of drivers — and 36 percent of those ages 19 to 24 — think it's acceptable to drive 15 mph over the speed limit on a freeway. Forty-six percent of drivers say they have driven that fast on a freeway in the last 30 days.
— Sixty percent of drivers say people who drive after using illegal drugs are a serious threat, but just 34 percent say the same about people who drive after using prescription drugs.
SKOPJE, Macedonia (AP) — A Macedonian court has overturned the more than decade-old terrorism convictions of 10 ethnic Albanian men, many of whom served long prison terms over a mine attack on a NATO vehicle.
The Skopje criminal ruled that there was no evidence linking the men to the 2003 blast in northern Macedonia that killed two Polish soldiers and their Macedonian translator.
Earlier Monday, special prosecutor Katica Janeva had called for them to be cleared.
Four of the men evaded arrest and were convicted in absentia, but the others served between 3.5 and seven years in prison. Their lawyers said the men would now seek compensation.
NATO troops were deployed during ethnic conflict between government forces and ethnic Albanian rebels in 2001. Some stayed on to monitor implementation of the peace deal.
HONOLULU (AP) — Hawaii emergency management officials knew for years that an employee had problems performing their job. Then, they sent a false alert warning of an imminent missile attack earlier this month.
The worker had mistakenly believed drills for tsunami and fire warnings were actual events, and colleagues were not comfortable working with him, the state said Tuesday. Their supervisors counseled them but kept them for a decade in a position that had to be renewed each year.
The problems in the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency went beyond one troubled employee. The agency had a vague checklist for missile alerts, allowing workers to interpret the steps they should follow differently. Managers didn't require a second person to sign off on alerts before they were sent, and the agency lacked any preparation on how to correct a false warning.
Those details emerged Tuesday in federal and state reports investigating how the agency mistakenly blasted cellphones and broadcast stations Jan. 13 with a warning that led hundreds of thousands of people to believe they were about to die in a nuclear attack. It took nearly 40 minutes to retract it.
Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Administrator Vern Miyagi resigned as the reports were released. Officials revealed that the employee who sent the alert was fired Friday. Their name has not been revealed. A second worker quit before disciplinary action was taken, and another was being suspended without pay, officials said.
"The protocols were not in place. It was a sense of urgency to put it in place as soon as possible. But those protocols were not developed to the point they should have," retired Brig. Gen. Bruce Oliveira, who wrote the report on Hawaii's internal investigation, said at a news conference.
A Federal Communications Commission report revealed Tuesday that the worker who pushed out the alert thought an actual attack was imminent. It was the first indication the alert was purposely sent, adding another level of confusion to the misstep that created panic at a time of fear over the threat of North Korean missiles.
The worker believed there was a real attack because of a mistake in how the drill was initiated during a shift change, according to the FCC, which regulates the nation's airwaves and sets standards for such emergency alerts. The employee said they didn't hear the word "exercise" repeated six times, though others clearly heard it.
There was no requirement to double-check with a colleague or get a supervisor's approval before sending the warning statewide, the federal agency said.
"There were no procedures in place to prevent a single person from mistakenly sending a missile alert" in Hawaii, said James Wiley, a cybersecurity and communications reliability staffer at the FCC.
Compounding the issue was that the state Emergency Management Agency had no prepared message for a false alarm. The FCC criticized the state's 38-minute delay in correcting it.
In addition, software at the Hawaii agency used the same prompts for both test and actual alerts, and it generally used prepared text that made it easy for a staffer to click through the alerting process without focusing enough on the text of the warning that would be sent.
"The reports from the FCC and the state of Hawaii demonstrate systems and judgment failures on multiple levels, and they reinforce my belief that missile alerts should be handled by the federal government," said U.S. Sen. Brian Schatz, a Democrat from Hawaii, who plans legislation to give federal officials that sole responsibility.
The FCC said the state emergency agency has taken steps to try to avoid a repeat of the false alert, requiring more supervision of drills and alert and test-alert transmissions. It has created a correction template for false alerts and has stopped ballistic missile defense drills for now.
Earlier this month, the worker who sent the alert heard a recorded message that began by saying "exercise, exercise, exercise" — the script for a drill, the FCC said. Then the recording used language that is typically used for a real threat, not a drill: "This is not a drill." The recording ended by saying "exercise, exercise, exercise."
Once the employee sent the false alert, they were directed to send a cancel message but instead "just sat there and didn't respond," the state report said. Later, another employee took over the computer and sent the correction because the worker "seemed confused."
Gov. David Ige was asked why Hawaii didn't reveal details about the employee earlier, and they said it would have been irresponsible to release statements before the investigation was complete.
Ige has asked the Hawaii National Guard's deputy commander to prepare another report on what needs to be changed in the emergency management system overall. The first version of that report is due in two weeks, with a final version due in six weeks.
___
Associated Press Technology Writer Tali Arbel contributed to this report from New York.
Committee in charge of "March of the Return" plans mass demonstrations to mark Arab defeat during Six Day War.
The Supreme National Council of the March of the Return processions is preparing to mark the anniversary of the Arab defeat in the Six Day War in early June of 1967.
The expected activity will take place on Tuesday, June 5, in the so-called "return camps" located along the Gaza border with Israel.
The Palestinian Authority (PA) parliament will hold a meeting in one of the "return camps" in parallel with mass demonstrations that are planned against Israel. These are a continuation of the “March of the Return” demonstrations that have been characterized in recent months by a long string of attacks and attempts to harm the security fence.
Hani Thawatbeh, a member of the information committee of the processions, said that the mass marches were meant to remind that the conflict with the "occupation" is not only a Palestinian issue but a national Arab one, since the "occupation" continues in the Golan Heights, Jerusalem and the West Bank.
They added that "peaceful demonstrations" within the framework of the "processions of return" were successful because they exposed the "Nazism" of Israel to the world.
Arabs have hurled rocks, firebombs, and flaming tires at Israeli soldiers securing the border and have used makeshift “terror kites” to drop explosives on Israeli positions during the violent riots, dubbed “the March of the Return”, which began on March 30.
The riots have been openly encouraged by Hamas as well as by PA chairperson Mahmoud Abbas.
The largest and most violent riots took place on May 14, the day on which the United States relocated its embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. At least 60 people were killed in clashes that day, but the majority of them were Hamas terrorists, a fact which the group itself admitted.
Joel Thomas, 31, of Festus, Missouri, got the tattoo after an accident left their son Landon, 9, with burn scars on their right leg and foot.
NEWPORT BEACH, Calif. (AP) — The Latest on a fatal helicopter crash in Southern California (all times local):
10:07 a.m.
California authorities have released the name of all three people killed when a small helicopter crashed in a Newport Beach neighborhood.
The Orange County Sheriff's Department says the dead are 60-year-old Joseph Anthony Tena of Newport Beach, 45-year-old Kimberly Lynne Watzman of Santa Monica and 56-year-old Brian R. Reichelt of Hollywood.
The crash Wednesday in a neighborhood involved four people in the helicopter and a bystander. Newport Beach police spokesperson Jennifer Manzella says all three people killed were in the helicopter.
There's no information about two people who were injured.
___
11:03 p.m.
Officials say three people were killed and two more injured when a helicopter crashed into a home in a suburban Southern California neighborhood.
Authorities say four people were aboard the Robinson R44 helicopter when it went down in Newport Beach on Tuesday afternoon just a few minutes after taking off from John Wayne Airport.
One person who was outside on the ground was involved in the crash, though officials did not specify who died and who was injured.
Neighbor Marian Michaels says they thought it was an earthquake when the helicopter slammed into the house.
Another neighbor, Roger Johnson, says they heard a scream that sounded like it was from a horror movie before rushing to the scene to try to help.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — California officials announced Tuesday that they will take a detailed look at the possibility of creating a taxpayer-backed bank to handle what could be billions of dollars in revenue generated by the state's legal marijuana industry.
State Treasurer John Chiang stopped short of endorsing the idea but said their office would work with the state attorney general to examine how a weed bank might function.
Legal pot sales kicked off in California on Jan. 1. However, many banks don't want anything to do with pot money for fear it could expose them to legal trouble from the federal government, which still lists marijuana as illegal.
That means a lot of pot business is conducted in cash, sometimes tens of thousands of dollars, which is risky for cannabis workers and the public.
Is a public bank a solution?
"Maybe," said Chiang, a Democratic candidate for governor.
Completing the study is expected to take about a year.
However, the idea comes with formidable risks that were outlined in a state report last year, including unknown startup costs, the probability of losses for several years or more that California taxpayers would have to cover and trouble obtaining federal regulatory approval.
Another problem: The Trump administration has signaled a potentially more aggressive approach to marijuana prosecution by U.S. prosecutors.
That federal action "casts into turmoil a newly established industry that is creating jobs and tax revenues," Chiang said.
Rep. Ted Lieu was one of two Democratic lawmakers to call for the removal of Ivanka's security clearance on Thursday, but they needed some help getting them the message.
Lieu joined Rep. Don Beyer in calling for the removal of both Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump's security clearance, citing the couple's "brazen disregard for ethics."
"Reports showed their flagrant hypocrisy having used private emails to hide their correspondence from investigators. They also repeatedly missed deadlines for reporting financial assets to the Office of Government Ethics," the letter reads. "Beyond that, Ms. Trump was reportedly close to being indicted for real estate fraud in 2012 but avoided prosecution thanks to a dubious meeting between Donald Trump's lawyer and the New York District Attorney. This behavior makes them unfit to hold security clearances."
RELATED: Ivanka Trump in their White House role
The letter comes after Kushner and Ivanka Trump have recently become embroiled in multiple reports raising red flags on their ethics. Kushner and Ivanka were again fined for late submissions of their financial disclosure forms, which ended up including different personal asset values. In addition, a new ProPublica report claims Ivanka and Donald Trump Jr. were almost indicted for real estate fraud in 2010 and a Newsweek report reveals Ivanka Trump used a personal email account for government business.
Lieu on Thursday took to Twitter to share they and Beyer's letter, but also noted that they needed to enlist the help of their followers in getting Ivanka Trump to see it.
"@IvankaTrump, a senior White House adviser, has blocked me on Twitter. Can you help forward our letter to her?" Lieu wrote via Twitter on Thursday. "Thank you."
SEE ALSO: Ivanka Trump gets schooled after penning op-ed about education
In true social media fashion, Twitter users took to the call to action like wildfire -- making sure President Trump's eldest daughter received the message.
"If you work hard and tweet the truth, I'm sure you'll get an Ivanka block," Emily Brandwin wrote.
"At which of their secret email addresses?" another Twitter user jested.
"NO ONE in the White House (ANY admin) should ever block a congressperson, or vice versa," another Twitter user wrote. "Highlights this admin's ineptitude & partisanship."
Click through to see the social media responses to Ivanka Trump's blocking Congressman Lieu:
Getty Image
Over the weekend, the FBI arrested Oklahoma resident Jerry Drake Varnelll for attempting to detonate a bomb in a stolen cargo van outside a bank in Oklahoma City. Varnell ran into trouble when the bomb didn't go off. It was fake.
According to the criminal complaint against Varnell, during a months-long undercover operation, Varnell repeatedly referenced how much they hated the federal government. Varnell, who is allegedly a Three Percenter, the anti-government right-wing extremist group named for their belief that only three percent of the colonists fought in the American Revolution, apparently also admired Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh.
Unlike McVeigh, Varnell seemed at least partially concerned with the potential loss of human life but said it might be unavoidable. According to the Washington Post, Varnell revealed multiple potential targets in D.C., Maryland, and Texas before settling upon Oklahoma City's BancFirst building. They also “expressed a desire to blow up buildings” (at night, when fewer people were around), and here's more:
On June 26, Varnell discussed the possibility that people could be killed, and said, “You got to break a couple of eggs to make an omelet,'' according to the complaint. “That's why people don't do this s— because, you know, you got to be able to overcome that little reality there,” they said, according to the complaint.
Varnell watched the construction of the fake bomb Friday night and then drove it over to an alley near the bank building. Shortly after midnight, they attempted to detonate the device remotely and was soon after arrested.
The FBI has a long history of undercover stings like these. Proponents say that the phony plots take potential terrorists out of the pool that actual terrorists can use to recruit and also make it harder for real terrorists to recruit since undercover stings are becoming so common. Opponents of the technique think it is nothing more than entrapment, though very few defendants in those cases have been able to successfully make that argument.
(Via Washington Post)
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Apple has bought Shazam, the maker of a song-recognition app that Apple's digital assistant Siri has already been using to help people identify the music playing on their iPhones.
The companies didn't disclose the price of the acquisition announced Monday. Technology news site Recode previously reported Apple is paying about $400 million for Shazam, citing three unidentified people familiar with the deal.
Apple issued a statement describing Shazam as "natural fit" with its services. The Cupertino, California, company declined to say whether Shazam's app will still be available after the deal closes.
Siri began drawing upon Shazam's technology to answer questions about songs as part of a 2014 update to the iPhone's operating system.
Since then, Apple has launched a music streaming service that has more than 27 million subscribers.
SAN DIEGO (AP) — Pinch-hitter Hunter Renfroe's infield single in the ninth inning led to two runs when third baseman Miguel Rojas followed with a throwing error, lifting the San Diego Padres to a 3-2 victory over the Miami Marlins on Wednesday night.
Closer Brad Ziegler (0-5) coughed up a one-run lead when they loaded the bases with one out. Renfroe hit a chopper to Rojas, who was charging. They double-clutched their throw, which was low to first baseman Justin Bour. When the ball skipped away from Bour, Freddy Galvis came home with the winning run.
Matt Strahm (1-2) got the win for working the final two innings.
The Marlins lost for the 14th straight start by Jose Urena, a franchise record, which included 12 from this year. The right-hander entered the game receiving 2.84 runs per game, the third-lowest average in the majors, and got more measly support Wednesday.
Urena got just two runs on Starlin Castro's homer before departing after six innings following a strong performance. They surrendered a run, three hits and two walks. They struck out six in a 93-pitch effort.
Reliever Drew Steckenrider gave up a two-out double to Manuel Margot in the seventh but got pinch-hitter Jose Pirela looking on a 95-mph fastball to strand the tying run.
Clayton Richard had won two of their last three starts and was relying on their slider in inducing the Marlins into harmlessly pounding the ball into 14 groundouts. The left-hander exited after seven innings of two-run ball. They allowed four hits and a walk, with five strikeouts.
Richard wiggled out of a jam after hitting Lewis Brinson to start the fifth and allowing JT Riddle's single.
But when Urena tried to sacrifice, catcher Raffy Lopez made a fine play, pouncing on Urena's bunt and retiring Brinson at third to change the inning. With two outs, J.T Realmuto walked to load the bases but Richard got Castro on a grounder to end the threat.
Franmil Reyes continued their hot streak with their third home run in three days, pulling the Padres to 2-1 in the fourth inning. The rookie right fielder took a high fastball the opposite way, their fourth homer in six games clanging off the right-field foul pole. Urena had sat down eight straight before Reyes' blast.
Richard retired the first 10 batters they faced. Then Realmuto singled up the middle and Castro hit their third home run of the season, a two-run, fourth-inning shot that landed 423 feet away in the Padres' bullpen over the fence in left-center.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Padres: C Austin Hedges (elbow) has resumed their throwing program after meeting with team doctors.
UP NEXT
Marlins: LHP Wei-Yin Chen (1-2, 5.22) gets the nod for the final contest of the four-game series on Thursday with their second career start against the Padres. They beat San Diego in 2016, allowing four runs and seven hits over six innings.
Padres: RHP Jordan Lyles (1-1, 3.83) makes their fifth start of the season, which matches their total from the previous two years. They worked the second-longest perfect game in Padres history on May 15, blanking the Rockies for 7 1/3 innings.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Dangerous lightning and 60 mph winds are expected.
“Expect damage to roofs, siding, and trees. Locations impacted include Watertown, Gordonsville, Hickman, South Carthage and Alexandria. This includes Interstate 40 between mile markers 245 and 261. For your protection move to an interior room on the lowest floor of a building,” officials said.
FILE PHOTO - Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett at press conference at Arizona Grand in advance of Super Bowl XLIX in Phoenix, Arizona, U.S. on January 29, 2015. Mandatory Credit: Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports/File Photo
(Reuters) - Seattle Seahawks player Michael Bennett remained seated during the playing of the U.S. national anthem before a pre-season National Football League game to protest deadly violence at a white supremacist rally in Virginia over the weekend, their team said.
With their gesture on Sunday, the 31-year-old defensive end became the latest NFL player to use the playing of the Star Spangled Banner anthem as a protest forum.
Last season, San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick grabbed the media spotlight when they refused to stand for the anthem, saying they were protesting police brutality and social inequality. Kaepernick opted out of their contract in March and has not been signed by another team.
Bennett remained on the bench with a towel over their head before Sunday's game with the Los Angeles Chargers at Southern California's StubHub Stadium, the pre-season opener for both teams. They said they would keep up the protest all season.
"With everything that's been going on the last couple of months, and especially after the last couple of days seeing what's going on in Virginia, and earlier today in Seattle, I just wanted to be able to use my platform to be able to continuously speak on injustice," Bennett said in a story on the Seahawks' website.
In Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday, a woman was killed and 19 hurt when a car plowed into counter-protesters near a white nationalist rally. James Fields, 20, who had Nazi sympathies as a teenager, according to acquaintances, has been charged with second-degree murder in the incident.
The violence sparked protests and vigils in cities across the United States on Sunday, including Seattle, where clashes occurred between supporters and opponents of President Donald Trump.
The president raised a furor when they initially failed to explicitly single out the white supremacists widely seen as sparking the melee, saying "many sides" were involved, although they were more explicit in their criticism in a statement on Monday.
Bennett said they were not anti-military or anti-American but opposed intolerance and injustice. They said they expected to face criticism over their decision, adding, "This is bigger than football."
A spokesperson for the team did not respond to a request for comment.
On Saturday, Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch also sat during the national anthem before a game against the Arizona Cardinals. But Oakland's head coach, Jack del Rio, quoted Lynch at a postgame news conference as saying sitting out the anthem had no significance in their case and was simply something they had done for the past 11 years.
(Reporting by Ian Simpson in Washington; Editing by Frank McGurty and Tom Brown)
TOKYO (AP) — Asian shares were mixed Tuesday as some indexes recouped earlier losses set off by an overnight decline on Wall Street. Investors are awaiting the first Federal Reserve meeting under the new chairperson, Jerome Powell, and anticipating the first rate increase of the year.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 lost 0.5 percent to finish at 21,380.97. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 slipped 0.4 percent to 5,936.40, while South Korea's Kospi inched up 0.2 percent to 2,479.81. Hong Kong's Hang Seng was virtually unchanged at 31,524.83, while the Shanghai Composite edged 0.3 percent higher to 3,289.80.
FACEBOOK DROP: The technology rout on Wall Street on Monday was set off by Facebook's worst loss in four years. The social media giant's plunge followed reports that Cambridge Analytica, a data mining firm working for President Donald Trump's campaign, improperly obtained data on 50 million Facebook users without their permission. Legislators in the U.S. and Europe criticized Facebook, and investors are wondering if companies like Facebook and Alphabet will face tighter regulation.
WALL STREET: The S&P 500 index sank 1.4 percent to 2,712.92. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 1.3 percent to 24,610.91. The Nasdaq composite gave up 1.8 percent to 7,344.24 and the Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks declined 1 percent to 1,570.56.
FEDERAL RESERVE: The U.S. Federal Reserve's first meeting under Jerome Powell's leadership ends later this week, likely with an announcement that the Fed will resume modest interest rate hikes. A healthy U.S. job market and a relatively steady economy have given the Fed the confidence to think the economy can withstand further increases. And the financial markets have been edgy for weeks.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose 55 cents to $62.68 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It lost 28 cents on Monday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, also gained 55 cents to $62.60 per barrel in London.
CURRENCIES: The dollar recovered to 106.27 yen from 105.92 late Monday. The euro rose to $1.2341 from $1.2267.
___
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay, who contributed to this report, can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP
Their work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama
Them work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/yuri%20kageyama
In the days after the firing of FBI Director James Comey, Acting Director Andrew McCabe wrote a confidential memo documenting a discussion they had with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, according to a source familiar with the matter.
Details of the memo were first reported by The New York Times.
ABC News has not seen the memo, but according to the source, it describes what Rosenstein told McCabe: that President Donald Trump wanted Rosenstein to include a reference to Russia in their memo criticizing Comey. In the end, Rosentein's May 9, 2017, memo, which was used by Trump as a basis for firing Comey, did not mention Russia. Instead, Rosenstein's memo focused on Comey's handling of the Clinton email investigation.
Andrew Harnik/AP, FILE
The suggestion that the president requested the memo mention the Russia investigation could provide ammunition to any allegation that Trump fired Comey in part to impede the investigation. However, the Times report also suggests alternative explanations, such as Trump's desire to make clear they were not the target of the Russia probe.
McCabe wrote multiple memos, including some related to the president, and all of them are now in the hands of special counsel Robert Mueller, according to the source.
McCabe was fired just days before their retirement after a finding by the Justice Department's Inspector General that they "lacked candor" when talking to internal investigators about their role in a disclosure to the media.
Jacquelyn Martin/AP, FILE
Mueller's team is investigating Comey's firing and whether anyone may have sought to obstruct justice, sources have told ABC News.
The McCabe memo describing their meeting with Rosenstein underscores the unusual position the deputy attorney general is in -- they are overseeing the Mueller probe while also being a potential witness in the investigation.
Rosenstein was interviewed by Mueller's team last summer.
With internet traffic set to double again before the current batch of routers is obsolete, Nokia is turning to new silicon to help upgrade core networks.
With internet traffic set to triple over the next five years or so, according to recent estimates from Nokia and Cisco Systems, Nokia thinks the time is right for a new range of high-end routers that can boost core capacity by a factor of six -- and even help 10-year-old devices to double their capacity.
Nokia predicts that by 2022, total internet traffic will reach 330 exabytes per month. (That's 330 million terabytes). For its part, Cisco forecasts it will grow at 24 percent per year from a base of 96 exabytes per month in 2016 to 278 exabytes per month in 2021.
That traffic growth will be driven by three things, according to Nokia: cloud services, 5G mobile networks, and the internet of things.
In a recent report on securing IoT, Cisco predicted there will be 50 billion connected devices by 2020; Nokia reckons there will be 100 billion IoT devices by 2025, up from 12 billion in 2017.
Protecting those billions of IoT devices against misuse will be vital if they are not to be turned against us. That's already a problem, with millions of connected cameras and home routers being subverted in recent months and used to launch DDoS (distributed denial of service) attacks. Cisco expects the number of DDoS attacks to grow from around 1.25 million in 2016 to 3.1 million in 2021. Nokia is more alarmist: It expects 10 million such attacks in 2017 alone -- although this may reflect different definitions of the level of traffic required to effectively deny service.
All that raises the question, if internet use -- and misuse -- is going to grow so fast, how on earth are we going to route it?
Nokia's answer to that is a new chip, the FP4, which can process up to 2.4 terabits per second. It's based on the FP3 chip Nokia already uses, but combines several of them into a single package.
Pack several of these on the same circuit board and the end result is a line card capable of 12 Tbps. In a new router, these cards are able to handle six times the traffic of the model they replace, but according to Steve Vogelsang, CTO for Nokia's IP and optical business, they can be slotted into routers up to 10 years old as well. There, they can double the capacity of the 7750 SR-12 Service Router, for example, and even treble the capacity of the slightly newer 7750 SR-12e.
The latest addition to the range, the single-shelf Nokia 7750 SR-14s, will be able to handle up to 144 Tbps when it goes on sale in the fourth quarter.
At the same time, Nokia is also introducing the 7950 XRS-XC Extensible Routing System, which it somewhat optimistically describes as "petabit-class." The actual specification is almost as impressive: up to 576 terabits (just over half a petabit) per second in a single system, achieved through chassis extension without the need for switching shelves.
Another benefit of the new FP4 chip is its ability to stream traffic statistics to an external analytics system, such as Nokia's recently acquired Deepfield IP network analytics system. That's how Nokia expects the new routers to help spot DDoS attacks and other nefarious activity. The chips can also perform stateless packet inspection, allowing further insight into traffic problems.
This weekend, actor Val Kilmer was seen on the historic Allen Street in Tombstone, Ariz.
The actor returned to the Old West town for an event celebrating the life of gunfighter Doc Holliday, who they famously played in the 1993 film Tombstone. Fans chanted, “We love you, Val” as the actor showed up in a horse-drawn carriage during the “Holli-Days” parade.
@valkilmer an honor seeing you today in Tombstone! pic.twitter.com/rQNfAraSHv — Pam Genske (@bostonhok) August 12, 2017
They also met with fans and posed for pictures. This was the first time Kilmer had been back to the town since they made the Western film.
Kilmer has not been seen in public much, which has prompted headlines speculating about their health. In an April Reddit AMA chat, they admitted to healing from what was reported to be oral cancer. They said, “My tongue is still swollen altho healing all the time. Because I don't sound my normal self yet people think I may still be under the weather.”
The 57-year-old had some recent mysterious absences which fueled rumors that they are still in poor health.
See reviews fr fans lst nite against new try to dredge up more negative health lies because I had to shuffle shows because of family needs. — Val Kilmer (@valkilmer) August 6, 2017
In July, the actor canceled their appearance at the Tampa Bay Comic Con. They explained why they had to cancel last minute over Twitter, writing: “I've got family stuff that's got to be my priority.”
Unfortunately I've had to cancel visiting all my friends at Tampa Comicon this weekend. I've got family stuff that's got to be my priority. — Val Kilmer (@valkilmer) July 25, 2017
They also dropped out of their own art exhibit opening in Los Angeles last month:
In other entertainment news, Justin Bieber tried to hook up with a girl at a gym:
Read more from Yahoo Celebrity:
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — College basketball played an entire season amid a federal corruption investigation that magnified long-simmering troubles within the sport, from shady agent dealings to concerns over athletes who'd rather go straight to the pros.
Now it's time to hear new ideas on how to fix the complex, wide-ranging problems.
On Wednesday morning, the commission headed by former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice will present its proposed reforms to university presidents of the NCAA Board of Governors and the Division I Board of Directors at the NCAA headquarters in Indianapolis. And that starts what could be a complicated process in getting changes adopted and implemented for next season.
"I expect the proposals will be strong," NCAA president Mark Emmert told The Associated Press. "They'll certainly break with the status quo. That's their charge and their mission. That's what we need.
"I think it's going to be a very good day for college sports," they said.
That would be welcome, considering there has been no shortage of bad days in recent months.
The Commission on College Basketball formed in October , a few weeks after federal prosecutors announced they had charged 10 men — including assistant coaches at Arizona, Auburn, USC and Oklahoma State along with a top Adidas executive — in a fraud and bribery scandal.
The case involves hundreds of thousands of dollars in alleged bribes and kickbacks designed to influence recruits on choosing a school, agent or apparel company. And it has entangled schools such as Kansas, North Carolina State , Louisville and Miami , among others, though prosecutors withdrew a criminal complaint in Feburary against one of the defendants, a youth hoops program director.
Atlantic Coast Conference commissioner John Swofford said that case has put college sports in the position of reacting instead of proactively heading off yet-to-emerge problems.
"Sometimes unfortunately that's what it takes," Swofford told the AP. "You'd like to think that collectively the basketball world could've seen this coming and had the foresight to get out ahead of it. But that's not reality. Organizations and people, we all sometimes need wake-up calls. And I see this as a wake-up call, and therefore an opportunity."
One the Rice commission wants to seize.
It was charged with finding ways to reform and modernize rules, including looking at the NCAA's relationship with the NBA, youth leagues, apparel companies and agents. It was also set to review an enforcement process that frequently takes years to resolve complicated cases of potentially major rules violations.
The commission features several prominent names in the sport, including former NBA stars Grant Hill and David Robinson, former Georgetown coach John Thompson III, retired college coach Mike Montgomery and Ohio State athletic director Gene Smith.
"The stage is set, certainly, given what's happened with law enforcement and what we've seen in media reports around men's basketball at the collegiate level," Southeastern Conference commissioner Greg Sankey told the AP. "You involve Condoleezza Rice because you want an impactful outcome."
After Rice presents Wednesday morning, the boards will meet to consider adopting the commission's recommendations, either fully or in part. The next stop would be the Division I Council, a group mostly made up of athletic directors, to craft legislation for implementation.
Emmert said the council is already forming subgroups to deal with the targeted areas the commission is expected to address, with the goal of having legislation ready to be presented by August in time for next season.
Swofford, for one, said he'd prefer to end the one-and-done model of top NBA prospects arriving in college for one-year pit stops before turning professional, though that would also take agreement from the NBA. Swofford prefers a model similar to baseball by allowing high schoolers to go straight to the pros but require players who enter college to spend two years there.
He'd also like to see the NBA-run G League become a stronger developmental option for athletes who don't want to come to college, a path recently chosen by former Syracuse recruit and McDonald's All-American Darius Bazley.
Regardless, Swofford said, changes must be broad-based because "I don't think there's a silver bullet here" to fix everything. And they expect the commission to offer "substantive" findings.
"If we can't react to something like this in a way that brings significant improvement to the system and to what we're doing, shame on us," Swofford said.
___
AP College Sports Writer Ralph D. Russo in New York and AP Sports Writer John Zenor in Birmingham, Alabama, contributed to this report.
___
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
___
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/aaronbeardap
Transcript for Keiynan Lonsdale talks new season of 'The Flash'
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
UPROXX/Shutterstock
Today, financial types are very worked up over the yield of a 10-year note from the U.S. Treasury, which has officially crossed the threshold of 3%. For most of us, a decade from now, our biggest asset will still be our student loan debt, so who cares, right? You should. Everyone should, in fact. Because the ten-year Treasury bond is essentially what it costs to buy money. And if it goes up, your credit cards may cost more while your paycheck buys less, even as stores close and jobs are lost. Here's what you need to know, and why it's important.
The 10-year U.S. Treasury note is seen by people who think about money as the safest possible investment: If you've ever wondered how the U.S. can have a “national debt” and still be open, the short answer is Treasury notes and bonds, which are sold at all sorts of terms at all sorts of rates. Here's how it works. Let's say a note has a face value of $1000. You buy the note for a price below that face value, say, $950, and at a certain percentage rate, 3% in this case, which pays out twice a year. So, for your $1000, you get $30 a year for ten years, and then you get paid the full value of the bond, $1000. So for your $950 you've made $1300. Technically there is some risk to this, but investors love U.S. Treasury notes because the United States makes its payments. So, they pay well and they are about as safe as investing money gets. Plus if you want to invest your money elsewhere, you can just sell them to somebody else.
Treasury notes also predict inflation, so higher yields are bad news for your paycheck: Remember, we're talking about a decade here. Treasury notes have to beat inflation, as a result; that is, if you spend that $950 in 2006, from our example above, it needs to have a return better than inflation, which in this case would be $1135 in 2016. If the yield is going up, that means a lot of people are convinced inflation is going to rise faster than it has in the past, which means your actual paycheck is not going to go as far.
Thanks to these two factors, Treasury notes help set the cost of literally everything else involving money: Remember, in investing, the higher the risk of losing your money, the more the investment has to pay out. So even if you have the second safest possible investment, it still needs to offer a higher rate of return than a Treasury note. Thus rising rates put pressure on the interest rates of everything else, potentially pushing them beyond the point where they're sensible investments. It's a rock thrown in the pond; as the rate ripples outward, particularly in investments that range across ten years or so, you start seeing the effects. It's not the only rate that matters, but it's a key one.
The relatively good news, at the moment, is that this is happening there are a lot of notes hitting the market: Remember the GOP's big honking tax cut? Yeah, this is how it gets paid for. Simple economics are at play here; when there's an excess of supply, and investors are expecting the Treasury to set a record in sales, you have to sweeten the pot to get people to buy.
But that has its own set of problems in the short term: Why? Well, let's say you've got $1000 to divvy up between stocks and bonds. You want the highest rate of return with the least risk, right? And if that's bonds, which remember are as close as you're going to get to guaranteed money, why the heck would you buy a single share of stock? This is why when bond rates rose in February, the stock market took a hit: Investors were afraid everybody was going to ditch stocks for bonds. If enough people are convinced bonds are a better deal than stocks (and consider the president is out there trying to start trade wars) there could be another correction or a full-on stock market crash, depending on how apocalyptic you want to get: Bond yields shot up right when the Great Recession really took hold.
It's also bad news for companies in debt: Most companies raise money, either to pay off debt or expand, by selling bonds themselves. For companies in debt, selling those bonds at the lowest price possible becomes incredibly important, and rising Treasury note rates make that harder. Not being able to sell bonds is part of what sunk Toys R' Us, for example. And there are a lot of so-called “zombies,” companies that are making just enough money to pay the interest on their debt, but not the principal. A rise in interest rates might kill a lot of them all at once.
And then there's the long-term problem: Keep in mind, this is setting the price of buying and selling things for a decade. Anything with an interest rate is going to be affected by this, even if it's indirect. Buying a car, refinancing a student loan, even using a credit card could potentially cost more depending on how this all shakes out over time.
In other words, even if you'll never buy a Treasury note in your life, the rate affects you and will affect you for a long, long time.
The Kremlin is warning that Moscow could respond quid pro quo if Washington restricts operations of Russian news outlets in the United States.
Russian President Vladimir Putin's spokesperson, Dmitry Peskov, said Friday that Russian state-funded RT television network and Sputnik news agency had come under "unprecedented pressure" in the U.S.
RT said it faces a U.S. demand to register as a foreign agent and provide detailed personal data for its staff, the request it said amounts to an attempt to push it out of the U.S. media market.
Peskov warned that if the U.S. hampers the Russian news outlets' operation in violation of media freedom, "actions on the basis of the principle of reciprocity can't be excluded." They added that Russia respects press freedom and treats foreign media equally.
When your mom is Gwen Stefani, you can expect to have some really magical birthday parties.
The singer and former Voice coach threw their son Zuma an epic Harry Potter-themed celebration in honor of their ninth birthday later this month.
The proud mom shared a number of photos to Snapchat and their Instagram story, showing off the impressive level of detail that went into the special day.
WATCH: Gwen Stefani's Sons Attend the Kids' Choice Awards to Support Blake Shelton
The fantastical festivities included some downright amazing decorations to set the mood, including a beautifully crafted facsimile of the famous Platform 9 3/4 that led into the house, a life-size Harry Potter cardboard cutout and a massive fruit display carved and diced to look like a huge owl!
Among the other decorations were two more life-sized cutouts of Draco Malfoy and Serverous Snape, and a vast assortment of snakes made up to look like magical potions and various candies you might find at Honeydukes in Diagon Alley.
PHOTOS: Celebs Share Pics of Their Cute Kids
The most impressive treat of all might have been the enormous birthday cake with Zuma's name spelled out in a banner across the base.
On the first tier were the crests of all four houses of Hogwarts while a full-sized fondant sculpture of the sorting hat stood atop the edible work of art.
WATCH: Kelly Clarkson Celebrates 'Most Magical' Harry Potter-Themed Birthday at Universal Studios
As for the fun and games, the No Doubt frontwoman rented a towering volcano-themed inflatable bouncy slide for the back yard.
This is certainly going to be one difficult birthday party for Stefani to top in the future.
Zuma, who turns 9 on Aug. 21, is Stefani's second-oldest child with their ex-husband, rocker Gavin Rossdale. The pair also share an 11-year-old son, Kingston, and a 3-year-old son, Apollo. Check out the video below for more on Stefani's adorable kids.
Related Articles
By Chris Francescani and Tom Ramstack
NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of people marched through midtown Manhattan and dozens of U.S. cities on Saturday to demand that President Donald Trump release their tax returns and to dispute their claim that the public does not care about the issue.
Organizers of "Tax March" in more than 150 cities across the country and beyond wanted to call attention to Trump's refusal to disclose their tax history, as their White House predecessors have done for more than 40 years.
The marches coincide with the traditional April 15 deadline for U.S. federal tax returns, though the filing date was pushed backed two days this year.
There were no reports of violence or arrests, in contrast to a clash between Trump supporters and opponents that erupted at a rally in Berkeley, California, where nine people were arrested.
Two of the biggest tax marches took place in New York and Los Angeles, with each drawing about 5,000 people, according to estimates by Reuters reporters. No official estimates were immediately available.
In Manhattan, a good-natured crowd rallied at Bryant Park before marching up Sixth Avenue to Central Park.
Among the marchers was an oversized inflatable rooster, sporting an angry expression and a sweeping metallic orange hairdo meant to resemble Trump's signature style.
“Thanks to Trump, I think that releasing your taxes when you run for president now has to be a law,” said New Yorker Marni Halasa, 51, who arrived in a tutu and leggings made of fake dollar bills and holding a sign that read “Show Me The Money!”
In Washington, more than 1,500 protesters gathered on the front lawn of the U.S. Capitol, where members of Congress addressed the crowd before it marched to the Lincoln Memorial.
"We are taking the gloves off to say knock off the secrecy Mr. President," said Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, which would play a leading role in tax reform measures being considered in Congress.
They described Trump's refusal to release their taxes as being "like a teenager trying to hide a lousy report card."
TAX REFORM
Among the marchers was Melinda Colwell, 34, a stay-at-home-mother from Ledyard, Connecticut. They said they were concerned that conflicts of interest in Trump's tax returns might foreshadow selfish interests in their tax reform policies.
"I think it's important to know how that could influence their decisions and how they could benefit from the decisions being made," they said.
As a candidate and as president, Trump has refused to release their tax returns, citing an ongoing audit by the Internal Revenue Service. The IRS has said that Trump can release their tax returns even while under audit.
The White House could not be reached immediately for comment on the marches.
Events were also planned in cities in Europe, Japan and New Zealand.
The marches were launched by a single tweet, organizers said. A day after the massive Jan. 21 women's march in Washington and other cities, comedy writer Frank Lesser tapped out on Twitter, "Trump claims no one cares about their taxes. The next mass protest should be on Tax Day to prove them wrong." It has been retweeted more than 21,000 times.
In Los Angeles, television director Mike Stutz turned up at the march dressed in costume as a Russian general and said they were called General Bullshitski. They carried a sign that read: "What Tax Returns? Putin paid cash. Trust your oligarchs," referring to allegations of contacts between Trump's campaign and Russia, led by President Vladimir Putin.
Joe Dinkin, spokesperson for the Working Families Party, one of the groups organizing the marches, said investigations into the Trump campaign's alleged connections to Russia underscore the need to disclose their returns.
"Without seeing their taxes, we'll never really know who he's working for," said Dinkin, who expects the marches to draw at least 100,000 protesters.
There have been some glimpses into Trump's tax history. Last month, MSNBC host Rachel Maddow reported on two pages of Trump's 2005 return that were obtained by investigative reporter David Cay Johnston and released by DCReport.org. They showed Trump paid $38 million in taxes on more than $150 million in income.
And in October, The New York Times reported that Trump had declared a $916 million loss on their 1995 federal tax return, citing three pages of documents from the return.
(Additional reporting by Dana Feldman in Los Angeles and Peter Szekely in New York; Editing by Cynthia Osterman and Alistair Bell)
A protester picked a patriotic location to demonstrate today by climbing the Statue of Liberty.
Interested in New York? Add New York as an interest to stay up to date on the latest New York news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
According to the U.S. Parks Police, the female protester is scaling the statue.
Liberty Island, where the statue is located, is being evacuated and all visitors are being taken off the island via ferry.
ABC
The climbing protester is not the first to demonstrate there today. Earlier this day, seven people were arrested for holding a banner that read "ABOLISH ICE" off the base below the statue, which is technically called Fort Hood.
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) — The leader of the oldest Latino civil rights organization in the U.S. said Wednesday they have "rescinded" a letter endorsing President Donald Trump's immigration framework that includes a border wall after receiving angry criticism from members and activists.
Roger Rocha, president of the League of United Latin American Citizens, said they wrote the letter at the request of the Trump administration while the group was in negotiations for an immigration reform compromise.
"It's just bad timing because most people think this letter is endorsing what the president said about immigration at the State of the Union," Rocha said. "It's not. The letter was about conversations we had before. We can't help it that the president changed their mind."
Rocha wrote Trump this week that the civil rights group would support their plan for a wall and immigration restrictions in exchange for protecting young immigrants brought to the country illegally.
"The four pillars which you have outlined, (Border Security, DACA Legalization, Protect the Nuclear Family and Elimination of the Lottery and Repurpose Visas) are items that LULAC can support if they remain within the current framework you have proposed," Rocha wrote in a letter dated Jan. 28. "I encourage you to stay engaged on what you have proposed in order to prevent other variations from being introduced by Congress."
The group's endorsement of the border wall and new restrictions on legal immigration drew strong reactions from members and activists across the country who say such policies would hurt Hispanics.
"Like everyone else, I'd like Congress to find a permanent solution for DACA students," said LULAC member Ralph Arellanes of Albuquerque, referring to the Obama administration's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. "But the wall ... that's not the message you want to send."
On social media, group members and Latino activists attacked Rocha for the letter and criticized them for supporting a plan many called racist.
Washington state LULAC Director Diana Perez said Rocha's letter was not approved nor seen by the national board before it was released.
"We are working together to address this unfortunate situation and remain united as a civil rights organization with clear purpose and direction," Perez said in a statement.
Some members were circulating petitions calling on Rocha to resign.
Rocha, of Laredo, Texas, called the reaction "normal LULAC politics" and said they had no intention of stepping down.
They said the group is not turning its back on the immigration community and doesn't support any changes that would prevent immigrants from legally requesting their family's entrance into the U.S.
"We are the only Latino civil rights group at the table," Rocha said. "We will continue to engage with the administration."
___
Associated Press writer Russell Contreras is a member of the AP's race and ethnicity team. Follow them on Twitter at http://twitter.com/russcontreras
SANTA ANA, Calif. (AP) — Actor Harrison Ford had a potentially serious run-in with an airliner at a Southern California airport, NBC-TV reported.
Ford, 74, was told to land their single-engine plane on a runway at John Wayne Airport in Orange County on Monday, but they mistakenly landed it on a parallel taxiway, passing over an American Airlines jet holding nearby, NBC reported (http://nbcnews.to/2kHo2iu ).
"Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" Ford is heard asking air traffic controllers in a recording, NBC reported Tuesday.
American Airlines Flight 1456, with 110 passengers and six crew, departed safely for Dallas a few minutes later.
Ford's publicist, Ina Treciokas, declined comment Tuesday afternoon.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesperson Ian Gregor couldn't confirm that Ford was piloting the Aviat Husky that overflew the Boeing 737, but they said the pilot received and had read back the proper landing instructions.
They didn't indicate how high the plane was when it flew over the jetliner.
The FAA is investigating, Gregor said.
Ford collects vintage planes and has a long and good record as an aviator. But they have had several close calls.
In March 2015, Ford was seriously injured when their World War II-era trainer crashed on a Los Angeles golf course when it lost power shortly after takeoff.
In 1999, Ford crash-landed their helicopter during a training flight in which they and an instructor were practicing auto rotations in Ventura County, northwest of Los Angeles. Ford and the instructor were unhurt.
Ford was flying a Beechcraft Bonanza in 2000 when wind shear forced them to make an emergency landing at Lincoln Municipal Airport in Nebraska. Ford and their passenger were uninjured when the plane clipped the runway, but its wing tips were damaged, officials said.
FILE- In this Friday, April 14, 2017 file photo, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani smiles as they attend at the Interior Ministry to register their candidacy for the May 19 presidential elections, in Tehran, Iran. Over 1,600 people registered to run. Under Iranian law, there's no fee for registering. Hopefuls only must believe in Iran's form of government and be Shiite Muslims. (AP Photo/Vahid Salemi, File)
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Iran's upcoming presidential election likely will pit incumbent President Hassan Rouhani against a variety of contenders, but first all must be vetted by a panel as part of the Islamic Republic's one-of-a-kind government.
So how does it all work and what happens next?
WHY ARE THERE SO MANY PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES?
Over 1,600 people registered to run. Under Iranian law, there's no fee for registering. Hopefuls only must believe in Iran's form of government and be Shiite Muslims. That gives gadflies and publicity seekers the chance to smile and wave to gathered journalists. It's still a lot of candidates, though. The last similar turnout was Iran's 2005 election, which saw more than 1,000 register. Some think more people register under moderate or reformist governments as they are less repressive.
WHO Is THE TOP CONTENDERS?
Rouhani, whose moderate administration negotiated the nuclear deal with world powers, is seeking another four-year term. Former hard-line President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, who ignored the supreme leader's warning that their candidacy could expose lingering wounds from the unrest surrounding their contested 2009 re-election, registered. Hard-line cleric and judge Ebrahim Raisi, a favorite of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei who allegedly was involved in the 1988 mass execution of thousands of prisoners , signed up as well. Others include a brother of late President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani and Tehran's mayor.
WHAT ARE ROUHANI'S CHANCES?
Though accurate public polling remains difficult in Iran, Rouhani remains the favorite of analysts. Every Iranian president since Khamenei themselves took the presidency in 1981 has won re-election. That's not to say it will be easy for Rouhani. The average Iranian still hasn't seen the benefits of the nuclear deal, which saw some international sanctions lifted in exchange for Iran limiting its uranium enrichment. For voters, the economy matters.
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT?
All the candidates will be vetted by the Guardian Council, a 12-member panel half selected by the supreme leader and half nominated by the judiciary and approved by parliament. The council controls elections and must approve all laws passed by parliament. It has never allowed a woman to run for president and routinely rejects candidates calling for dramatic reform. The panel also declared Ahmadinejad won the 2009 election despite widespread fraud allegations.
WHAT POWER DOES THE SUPREME LEADER HAVE?
At the heart of Iran's complex power-sharing government created after its 1979 Islamic Revolution is the supreme leader. The supreme leader also serves as the country's commander in chief over its military and the powerful Revolutionary Guard, a paramilitary force involved in the wars in Iraq and Syria that also has vast economic holdings across Iran. An 88-member elected clerical panel called the Assembly of Experts appoints the supreme leader and can remove one as well, though that's never happened.
SO IS IRAN A DEMOCRACY?
Iran describes itself as an Islamic Republic. It holds elections and has elected representatives passing laws and governing on behalf of its people, though the supreme leader has the final say on all state matters. However, those who led Iran's Green Movement after Ahmadinejad's disputed 2009 re-election remain under house arrest. Iran does not allow international observers to monitor its elections. Security forces answering only to the supreme leader also routinely arrest dual nationals and foreigners, using them as pawns in international negotiations.
___
Follow Jon Gambrell on Twitter at www.twitter.com/jongambrellap. Their work can be found at http://apne.ws/2galNpz .
Gramat, France -- 1999
Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia -- 2005
Copiapo, Chile -- 2010
Ica, Peru -- 2012
Untersberg, Germany -- 2014
Anxieties are high as discussions abound over how to extract the recently found Thailand soccer team, 12 boys and their coach, from a flooded, maze-like cave.It may take weeks or even months to save them, officials have said.Here are some other incredible rescues that similarly defied the odds.Seven men were stuck in a cave system for 10 days after heavy storms caused unforeseen flooding. To free them, rescuers drilled shafts into the rock to pinpoint their whereabouts and squeeze them out in a coordinated effort.A mini-submarine entangled in marine debris was caught underwater with limited oxygen for three days before a British undersea robot cut the vessel free.A partial tunnel collapse trapped 33 miners more than 2,000 feet deep underground for 10 weeks -- the longest time to elapse before a successful rescue."What started as a tragedy is ending as a real blessing," Chilean President Sebastian Pinera told ABC News' Diane Sawyer at the time. "I think that the miners have given us an example of unity, of teamwork, of faith. Their families, they never lost faith."Nine miners spent a week in a tunnel after a rockfall caused an underground cave-in. Rescuers dug through rock and soil more than 800 feet underground to free them.It took 11 days and 700 people to airlift explorer Johann Westhauser from Germany's Riesending Cave Complex after they suffered a head wound.The 52-year-old was able to be brought to safety when rescuers navigated 3,200 feet and braved freezing temperatures, treacherous tunnels, chambers and underground waterfalls.
Police investigators are scheduled to question the Prime Minister at their official residence on Monday in connection with claims of corruption by Mr. Netanyahu.
The allegations, which relate to the alleged receipt of gifts by Netanyahu from business people in Israel and abroad, have been described by Israeli media outlets as extremely serious.
But authorities have volunteered little information on the investigation, and some have suggested the Israeli media is actively seeking to play up the inquiry in an effort to unseat the Prime Minister.
Prominent American Jewish jurist Alan Dershowitz told Israel Hayom in an interview published Sunday that Netanyahu should be granted temporary immunity from such investigations, to prevent the Israeli left and media from hobbling the government at such a critical time.
"[T]hey can't beat them through democratic means, so they're trying to use these investigations and the media to push them out of office. That would really undercut democracy. He's been elected by a proper method of election in Israel and they should be left to complete their term without interference. If there are issues they should be pursued after they leave office.”
According to unconfirmed reports, police have asked the Prime Minister to set aside as much as four hours on Monday for questioning. Netanyahu has said they will cooperate with the police and grant as much time as needed, while pointing out they may be forced to leave later in the day for the funeral of former Justice Minister Yaakov Neeman.
Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
Share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
View as list View as gallery Open Gallery
JOHNSON CITY, TN (WJHL) – Johnson City investigators need your help finding the suspects they said used fake money at a local department store.
Police said the suspects used the counterfeit money at the Walmart store located at 3111 Browns Mill Road on May 29. The suspects allegedly drove away in a newer model Hyundai Elantra.
If you have any information that can help the Johnson City Police Department call its criminal investigations division at 423) 434-6166 or to remain anonymous, Crime Stoppers at 434-6158.
To send a confidential tip text 423JCPD and your tip to 847411 (TIP411) or send a tip to www.citizenobserver.com.
You can also send messages via the Johnson City Police Department Websitehttp://www.johnsoncitytn.org/police/cid/
TNT
The fight to get Meek Mill out of prison came to its conclusion on Tuesday afternoon when a court in Pennsylvania announced that they were to be immediately released. Upon the news of this happening, there was plenty of speculating that it would be quite the scene if they were able to attend Tuesday night's Game 5 between the Philadelphia 76ers and the Miami Heat.
Both their lawyer and Sixers co-owner Michael Rubin made it clear that Meek Mill was going to try and do everything they could to get to the game, with the hopes that they would be at the Wells Fargo Center in time to ring the bell before tip off. That ended up being the case, and before things started in Philly, Meek Mill made it to the game.
LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Don Lee Farms has sold more than a million Organic Plant-Based Burgers in less than sixty days, becoming the fastest growing product in its category. “Interest in our Organic Plant-Based Burger has just exploded,” said Donald Goodman, President, Don Lee Farms. “We are just keeping up with demand and are implementing plans to expand distribution every week.”
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005065/en/
Don Lee Farms' Breakthrough Organic Plant-Based Burger
“The fact that our Organic Plant-Based Burger is made with plants and not with science has resonated with people. No one wants to eat a burger hidden with artificial or modified ingredients if they have the choice,” said Danny Goodman, Don Lee Farms. “They want natural. They want organic. They want real.”
The Don Lee Farms' burger “bleeds” organic beet juice and sizzles on the grill from organic vegetable-based fats just like raw beef. It is the only burger in its category to qualify for the Organic Seal certified by USDA. The new burger launched to rave reviews. CookingLight Magazine proclaimed, “This burger was really delicious. I'd buy these again,” after tasting the top three leading brands.
“Having sold a million burgers this quickly has exceeded everyone's expectations,” continued Donald. “The excitement around this burger has been overwhelming. We are now expanding availability in club stores and will be introducing the burger in restaurants and other retail markets in the upcoming months.”
About Don Lee Farms
Established in California in 1982, Don Lee Farms is a family-owned food manufacturer and leading national supplier of organic and conventional food products. They are the leading national producer of organic veggie burgers. Don Lee Farms produces meat, vegetarian and plant-based foods for retail, club, foodservice and school foodservice markets. Consumer products and end items are sold at major retailers nationwide such as Costco Wholesale®, Whole Foods Markets® and Walmart® under the Don Lee Farms label, private brands and under brands of their partners. For more information, visit www.donleefarms.com and follow Don Lee Farms on Facebook and Twitter, @DonLeeFarms.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005065/en/
CONTACT: Don Lee Farms
Maria Aguilar
maria@donleefarms.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: RETAIL FOOD/BEVERAGE SUPERMARKET
SOURCE: Don Lee Farms
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 08:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 08:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005065/en
A Greek prosecutor has ordered an investigation into allegations of financial mismanagement in the local branch of UNICEF.
UNICEF said last week it was "terminating its arrangements" with its national committee in Greece "due to concerns arising out of a recent independent audit."
UNICEF said in a statement it has concluded that "the necessary reforms" in the Greek committee won't be achieved. It offered no further details.
An Athens prosecutor ordered the probe Tuesday following claims by the head of UNICEF's Greek committee that an audit of the local branch's finances revealed alleged mismanagement.
UNICEF has said it will continue its work with children in Greece through its regional office for Europe and central Asia, in collaboration with the Greek government and civil society partners.
Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie is pushing for a measure to stop treating 16- and 17-year-olds as adults in the state's criminal justice system.
WBFO Albany Correspondent Karen DeWitt reports.
Heastie said the proposals would take 16- and 17-year-olds out of the adult criminal justice system and treat them as juveniles in family court. Heastie, the first African-American speaker, said this is a personal issue for him.
“It's embarrassing,” Heastie said. “For me, as a speaker of color, it's hurtful to me that New York and North Carolina are the only ones who still treat 16- and 17-year-olds as adults.”
Jim St. Germaine, a college graduate and a father of young children, said when they were a teenager in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, they “made a lot of poor decisions,” including selling drugs at age 14 and having run-ins with the law.
“My brain was not fully developed enough to understand the potential consequences of some of the decisions I was making,” said St. Germaine, who said they “fortunately” was arrested four months before their 16th birthday and was sent to the juvenile justice system.
They said that made all the difference. They met counselors and other social service providers there who cared for them and helped them turn their life around. They now work with teens who are incarcerated in the same juvenile detention center where they spent time.
But they said they also know of teens who ended up in the adult prison system whose lives have been “wasted.”
They said 16- and 17-year-olds are not allowed to buy cigarettes or alcohol, or vote or serve in the military.
“So many things they cannot do,” St. Germaine said. “But as soon as they make a mistake, we're willing to charge them as an adult.”
Gov. Andrew Cuomo tried unsuccessfully last year to get the bills through the state Senate, where Republicans, led by Sen. John Flanagan, and breakaway Democrats, led by Sen. Jeff Klein, form a ruling coalition.
Cuomo issued executive orders to partially enact the changes. They separated the 16- and 17-year-olds from adults in state prisons, but they can't, on their own, require that their cases be handled in family court.
The governor once again has put the measures in their state budget. Heastie stopped short of saying that they would hold up the budget, due March 31, over the issue.
“I don't want to make declarations,” said Heastie, who said he's expressed the importance of the issue to Klein and Flanagan. “It's a pretty serious part of the negotiations.”
Cuomo has enhanced powers in the budget process to push through policy changes, which is why they often attach unrelated items to their spending plan. They can use the pressure of the fiscal end of the year deadline to forge agreements, as they did last year with an increase in the state's minimum wage.
The alleged murder of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's estranged half-brother could be the best cloak-and-dagger thriller North Koreans will never get to hear. And if they did, they'd likely need some plot explainers — few know Kim Jong-un even had a half-brother.
While no country in the world has a cult of personality surrounding its leaders as intensive as North Korea's, the narrative is carefully groomed and highly selective, leaving even some of the most basic details unknown to the general public. Predictably enough, the existence of an elder half-brother — and particularly a somewhat rebellious, free-wheeling one — has never been part of the North's official leader narrative.
It is simpler to keep the line of succession and power as clear and direct as possible. For the most part, that means grandfather, father and son.
Ironically, or perhaps not, the swirling reports of the hit on half-brother Kim Jong Nam at a Malaysian airport come as the nation is gearing up for one of the biggest leader-reverence events of the year.
It's called the "Day of the Shining Star," the birth anniversary of the late leader Kim Jong Il, who was Kim Jong-un and Kim Jong Nam's father, though they had a different mother.
The only holiday that is more important is the "Day of the Sun," which marks the birthday of Kim Jong-un's grandfather, North Korea's founder and "eternal president" Kim Il Sung.
The barrage of Kim adulation in North Korea is constant. There are even flower festivals held each year that feature begonias and orchids named "Kimilsungia" and "Kimjongilia." On Wednesday, with no mention whatsoever of Kim Jong Nam's death in Malaysia in the state media, figure skating and synchronized swimming exhibitions were being held in the capital to mark the day.
Beyond their frequent "on the spot guidance" trips and attendance at official events, details of the actual lives of North Korea's leaders are generally scant. Other members of the Kim family tree are rarely if ever mentioned.
Kim Jong-un's younger sister, Kim Yo Jong, is a powerful member of the ruling elite, but that would also come as a surprise to many people here. Them name does appear from time to time on official guest lists or party positions, but without further elaboration. Their other half-brother, Kim Jong Chul, and older half-sister, Kim Sul Song, are believed to be party members in good standing.
Kim Jong Nam had long been much more problematic.
Before Kim Jong-un emerged as the clear heir to their father, Kim Jong Nam had been seen by some outside observers as the country's likely next generation leader.
Others thought they were not in line, but anyways they are believed to have fallen out of favor after they were caught at a Japanese airport in 2001 trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland. They had lived outside of the North for years and has a son who studied in France, though little solid facts are available.
They had, however, made some sporadic comments in public suggesting that the North needed to reform in order to survive and questioning its hereditary rule, but also indicating they had no desire to switch places with their younger half-brother.
If they were killed, the motive is as yet just another of many, many mysteries.
And, of course, Kim Jong-un themselves remains one of them.
Five years into their reign, they are firmly established a daily fixture on the front pages of the state-run newspapers, a constant presence on the television news and the object of tremendous praise on countless billboards and propaganda posters across the country. In something of a break with past practice, their wife has been often seen with them in public — though less so recently.
But to outsiders, it can be surprising how narrow the official narrative is.
Purges, not surprisingly, aren't normally reported, though the brief trial and execution of Kim Jong-un's powerful uncle was prominently broadcast and signaled to many experts Kim Jong-un's effort to solidify their powerbase. On a more mundane level, it has never been confirmed if Kim Jong-un has children (he is believed to have at least one daughter), what their age is (probably 32 or 33) or many other basic biographical details.
When asked about the gaps, officials regularly explain that it is because the still young Kim is too humble to want such attention for himself.
———
Talmadge has been the AP's Pyongyang bureau chief since 2013.
The United States' Department of Homeland Security had offered to help the Philippine government in locating and returning a member of the Aegis Juris fraternity allegedly involved in the fatal hazing of a University of Santo Tomas (UST) first-year student law student, Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre said.
Aguirre said the Department of Justice (DOJ) had talked to the American agency to bring back Ralph Trangia, one of the principal suspects in the killing of Horacio Tomas “Atio” Castillo III. Trangia flew to the U.S. together with their mother, Rosemarie, on September 19.
READ: Taipei authority in PH confirms hazing suspect Trangia flies to Chicago
ADVERTISEMENT
“Nagparamdam na ang Department of Homeland Security kung gusto raw ng Pilipinas (The Department of Homeland Security had asked the Philippines if it needs) any help for the return of Trangia,” they said in a news conference on Friday.
The DOJ secretary said the parents of Castillo, during their meeting with President Rodrigo Duterte last Wednesday, had requested the chief executive to have Trangia's passport be cancelled by the Department of Foreign Affairs (DFA) so they could be brought back to the Philippines.
“Pinagbilinan ako ng presidente: ‘you remind me during the cabinet meeting so I could instruct the DFA.' So that's what I did and the President called the representative, I think he's the undersecretary of the DFA, to make representations with the U.S., with the Secretary of State of the US, what it could do in order that this supposed Aegis member, in the name of Trangia, be deported back to the Philippines,” they said.
However, Aguirre noted, the DFA could not simply cancel the suspect's passport as it would still undergo a stringent process.
“Hindi naman basta-basta ganoon kadali, mayroong mga grounds, mayroon mga conditions na hinihingi ang Department of Foreign Affairs before it could cancel the passport (It's not easy because the DFA would ask for specific grounds and conditions before it could cancel the passport),” they said. /jpv
Transcript for Oroville contemplates next steps after dam emergency
And they will admit ABC news and I'm Orville California with some good news finally we have just learned. But authorities have lifted the mandatory and mandatory evacuations but it nearly. 200000. People. In this area you're wondering about Leila I'm standing in an empty holiday and parking lot isn't actually the hotel we were supposed to save come cover this story. But isn't evacuations. So they were close and we couldn't stay there but people are now starting to funneled back in. All of the businesses have been close this area has been completely desolate. But after hard work overnight they've been dropping these one ton bags full of boulders in C and into those holes in this bill way in the emergency spillway and you really think a lot of progress. And so because of that authorities now believe that this can't actually have the capacity to withstand future storms that they expect to start tomorrow so places like. This on it will Bill Clinton opening in San. I really want land mines in science but act. And as an he'll walk over your starting to see gas stations open and I'm telling you this area was completely desolate. Just a day ago people are funneling in with all of their cars all of their belongings. Those who weren't evacuation shelters that didn't have a vehicle they're providing buses with and so they can get back to town. Actually we could swing over here and see some people that are driving back into its now. Even out of their homes for two nights thankfully they were able to avoid a third night. Authorities are also saying that they are planned to prevent any future erosion to things are looking really good. Had that the levels of water in the dam are dropping about three to four inches every hour. They're still hanging down fifteen feet that is their goal but this incoming storm looks to be much more manageable and they originally thought it's also going to be colder. Which means they won't be getting snow melts from the mountains. So things are really looking good here for the folks and Orville authorities telling them again it can come back home although they are asking them to use caution and to be very vigilant. Just in case they acted back racing again authorities feel very confident. About the progress made in the last few days again I'm getting it right and Orville California everybody.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
AP Photo/Cliff Owen
ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP) — A rifle-wielding attacker opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice Wednesday, wounding House GOP Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others as members of congress and aides dove for cover. The assailant, prepared with “a lot of ammo,” fought a gun battle with police before he, too, was shot and later died.
Scalise dragged themselves off the infield leaving a trail of blood as colleagues rushed to their assistance.
The shooter was identified as James T. Hodgkinson, a 66-year-old home inspector from Illinois who had several minor run-ins with the law in recent years and belonged to a Facebook group called “Terminate the Republican Party.”
Shortly after the shooting, Bernie Sanders, the former candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination, said on the Senate floor that the shooter apparently was a volunteer for their campaign last year. Sanders said they denounced the violence “in the strongest possible terms.”
Capitol Police officers who were in Scalise's security detail wounded the shooter, who was taken into custody. They later died of their injuries, President Donald Trump told the nation from the White House.
“Everyone on that field is a public servant,” Trump said. “Their sacrifice makes democracy possible.”
Scalise, 51, the No. 3 House Republican leader first elected to the House in 2008, was in stable condition and undergoing surgery. The popular and gregarious lawmaker is known for their love of baseball and handed out commemorative bats when they secured the No. 3 job of House whip several years ago.
Texas Rep. Roger Williams, who coaches the GOP team, said that one of their aides, Zack Barth, was shot, but “is doing well and is expected to make a full recovery.” Two Capitol Police officers were also injured but were expected to recover, along with a former congressional aide who was hospitalized.
Rep. Jeff Duncan of South Carolina said they had just left the practice and encountered the apparent gunman in the parking lot before the shooting. The man calmly asked which party's lawmakers were practicing and Duncan told them they were the Republicans. The man thanked him.
The gunman had a rifle and “a lot of ammo,” said Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona, who was at the practice.
The shocking event left the Capitol horrified and stunned. The House canceled proceedings for the day. Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi of California both spoke on the floor issuing calls for unity. “An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us,” Ryan said.
The shooting occurred at a popular park and baseball complex in Alexandria, Virginia, where Republican lawmakers and others were gathered for a morning practice about 7 a.m. They were in good spirits despite the heat and humidity as they prepared for the congressional baseball match that pits Republicans against Democrats. The popular annual face-off, which raises money for charity, is scheduled for Thursday evening at Nationals Park across the Potomac River in Washington, and will go forward as planned.
The team was taking batting practice when gunshots rang out and chaos erupted.
Scalise was fielding balls on second base when they were shot, according to lawmakers present, then dragged themselves into the outfield to get away from the gunman.
Rep. Mo Brooks, an Alabama Republican, said their colleague “crawled into the outfield, leaving a trail of blood.”
“We started giving them the liquids, I put pressure on their wound in their hip,” Brooks said.
Texas Rep. Joe Barton, still in their baseball uniform, told reporters a shooter came out to the practice and opened fire, shooting at Rep. Trent Kelly, R-Miss., who plays third base.
“He shot at Steve Scalise, our second baseman. They hit Steve Scalise,” Barton said, “Scalise's security detail and the Capitol Hill police immediately returned fire, and Alexandria Police also immediately came and began to return fire. They shot the shooter. The security detail saved a lot of lives because they attacked the shooter.”
Barton said the shooting lasted 5-10 minutes, and there were dozens or more of shots fired.
“It was scary,” Barton said.
Lawmakers took cover in the dugout. Barton said their son, Jack, got under an SUV.
Texas Rep. Mike Conaway, who was at the game, described what sounded like an explosion, then lawmakers scattering off the field as police roamed in search of the gunman and engaged him.
“The guy's down to a handgun, they dropped their rifle, they shoot him, I go over there, they put them in handcuffs,” Conaway said, adding that if the shooter had “gotten inside the fence, where a bunch of guys is holed up in the dugout, it would have been like shooting fish in a barrel.”
FBI special agent in charge Tim Slater said it was “too early to say” whether it was an act of terrorism, or whether Scalise was targeted.
Speaker Ryan identified the wounded Capitol Police officers as David Bailey and Crystal Griner. Also wounded was former congressional aide Matt Mika, who now works for Tysons Food in its Washington office. Mika's family said the lobbyist was shot multiple times and was in critical condition and in surgery.
After the gunfire stopped, Sen. Flake, of Arizona, said they ran onto the field and also tried to come to Scalise's aide. After medical personnel arrived, they said they retrieved Scalise's phone and made the first call to Scalise's wife to notify them of the shooting. They said they did so to ensure that Mrs. Scalise would not find out about the shooting through the media.
Falisa Peoples was just leaving the YMCA next to the ball field when they saw the shooter open fire.
“He was just very calm. They were just walking and shooting,” they said of the man, whom they described as white and wearing a T-shirt and shorts. They said they were using a long gun and exchanging fire with law enforcement officers, one of whom yelled for them to get down.
Lawmakers were stunned in the aftermath of the event, which raised questions about the security of members of Congress. While the top lawmakers, including Scalise, have security details, others do not and regularly appear in public without protection. The last time a lawmaker was shot was when Democratic Rep. Gabby Giffords of Arizona was hit in the head and grievously injured while meeting with constituents at a supermarket parking lot in 2011.
Following the Giffords shooting, lawmakers have held fewer open town halls and have been advised to increase security at such events.
—
Associated Press reporters Ed White in Detroit and Eric Tucker, Mary Clare Jalonick, Ken Thomas, Vivian Salama, Stephen Ohlemacher, Alan Fram, Andrew Taylor, Sarah Brumfield and Michael Biesecker in Washington contributed to this report.
Comments
comments
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
DALLAS (AP) — A grand jury has declined to bring charges against Dallas police officers responsible for the death of a sniper who had killed five officers during a downtown rally.
The Dallas County District Attorney's office said in a statement Wednesday that investigators presented their findings to a grand jury more than a year after the July 7, 2016, attack.
The decision appears to conclude the investigation, which began shortly after gunman Micah Johnson fatally shot the officers.
Johnson later was killed by a robot carrying explosives — a first for any U.S. law enforcement agency.
Ballistic reports, transcripts of police negotiations with Johnson, and other evidence has been withheld.
Johnson killed four Dallas police officers and a Dallas Area Rapid Transit officer.
iDrop News/Shutterstock
The iPhone 8 has a lot of hype and rumor around it, even for an Apple product. But one feature in particular has been the subject of whispers and hopes. And we've just got some word that wireless charging for the iPhone 8 really might happen, and from a guy actually building iPhones, no less.
Nikkei reports that the CEO of iPhone assembly company Wistron, Robert Hwang, confirmed the rumors. And not in some coy, winking way, either, although clearly they aren't meant to talk about it:
“Assembly process for the previous generations of [iPhones] have not changed much, though new features like waterproof and wireless charging now require some different testing, and waterproof function will alter the assembly process a bit,” Hwang told reporters after the company's annual shareholders' meeting on Wednesday.
That was pretty clearly a slip, but the rumors have been going around for a while. Back in February, an analyst with a good track record of guessing Apple's moves said wireless charging was in the works. And other leaks, albeit less credible ones, have slipped indicating that if Apple isn't putting wireless charging in the iPhone 8, it's at least studying it as a feature.
Of course, wireless charging would appeal in another way. It would be a next step in getting rid of ports altogether and making the iPhone an even skinnier slab of glass. So, one way or another, wireless charging seems to be the iPhone's future.
(Via The Verge)
Pop TV
Hello, and welcome to weekly Impact Wrestling — that's what this is, it probably won't change again — coverage on With Spandex. And also welcome to me, LaToya Ferguson, your recapper and friend.
Now for some good housekeeping: You can follow me on Twitter here, With Spandex here, and Uproxx here. And don't forget to watch Impact on Pop at 8 pm on Thursdays so you can read these pieces and share them with the online world.
Previously: GFW! GFW! TACO BELL! GFW!
Getty Image
New York City's transit system was rocked on Monday morning by a pipe-bomb explosion underneath the Port Authority bus terminal near 42nd Street and 8th Avenue. Beyond the breaking news phase of the incident, authorities and news outlets have revealed numerous details of interest. Here's what we know so far.
The Initial Response: The NYPD responded to the first explosion reports at around 7:30am EST. CNN first spoke with an eyewitness who commented upon the “cops at every entrance” into the subway station as the crowd fled the chaotic scene (which can be viewed on surveillance footage posted by the New York Times). The witness told CNN that they had heard “two distinct explosions” while listening to music on headphones. However, NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio has stated that only one explosive device was discovered by NYPD and FDNY responders and investigators who subsequently arrived. The NYPD has stated that they are beefing up law enforcement's presence throughout the city, but as of now, there are no other “specific or credible threats” against NYC.
Multiple People Injured, Including The Suspect: Four people sustained injuries that were “non-life threatening” in nature during the explosion. This number includes three bystanders and the suspect, a 27-year-old Bangladeshi male, Akayed Ullah, who is a Brooklyn resident and reportedly “acted in the name of ISIS.” The NYPD revealed that Ullah's injuries were more severe than the rest — which is an expected outcome, given that that they were attempting a suicide bombing — and include burns and trauma to their abdominal region.
A “Terror-Related” Incident: NYPD Commissioner James O'Neill swiftly declared this to be a “terror-related incident.” Ullah reportedly used a “crudely-made pipe bomb” to carry out their attempted suicide bombing, and authorities believe that they were “inspired” by ISIS but haven't determined whether he's tied to a terror cell of the Islamic State, although further details will inevitably surface from within law enforcement interviews.
Clues From The Explosive Device: Likewise, a further examination of the explosive device should reveal whether Ullah built it on their own or with the help of others. As of now, Police Commissioner James O'Neill has told reporters that Ullah appears to have used an “improvised low-tech explosive device attached to their body.” They intentionally detonated the device and, according to NYPD Deputy Commissioner of Intelligence and Counterterrorism John Miller, Ullah used “Velcro and zip ties” to strap the explosive to their body.
A “Game Changer” Of An Attack: CBS New York spoke with a security expert named Manny Gomez, who says that this attack could transform terror attacks as the United States knows them. “This is something that is a game changer,” said Gomez said. “If we're going to have suicide bombers here like we've had overseas, that is going to be a problem because obviously … that's never happened in the continental U.S. If they are successful in recruiting suicide bombers, we're going to have a problem.” Indeed and as Gomez added, if terrorists who are intent upon taking their own lives become a regular fixture, police will have realized “one of their worst fears.”
This is a developing story, and we will provide additional details as they arrive.
Marilou Danley, the girlfriend of Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock, said they are a mother and a grandmother who was "devastated" by the violent events and never considered the man they loved was planning a violent attack when they sent them abroad.
Danley, who was in the Philippines when the deadly mass shooting took place over the weekend, made a statement through their lawyer on Wednesday, saying they thought their boyfriend was planning to break up with them when Paddock bought them a plane ticket to the Philippines and wired their money, never considering there could be a more chilling motive for the move.
Speaking to the media on Wednesday, Danley's lawyer said their client was fully cooperating with the police over the “horrible, unspeakable acts of violence,” explaining there had been a delay in Paddock's former girlfriend making a statement to the press because they wanted to give information to authorities first.
In a statement read by their legal representative, Danley said: “I am devastated by the deaths and injuries that have occurred and my prayers go out to the victims and their families and all those who have been hurt by these awful events. I have faith in God and I will continue to pray for everyone who has been harmed or hurt. I am a mother and a grandmother and my heart breaks for all who have lost loved ones.”
They added: “I knew Stephen Paddock as a kind, caring, quiet man; I loved them and hoped for a quiet future together with him. They never said anything to me or took any action that I was aware of that I understood in any way to be a warning that something horrible like this was going to happen.”
“A little more than two weeks ago, Stephen told me they had found a cheap ticket for me to the Philippines and they wanted me to take a trip home to see my family; like all Filipinos abroad, I was excited to go home and see family and friends. While there, they wired me money which they said was for me to buy a house for me and my family; I was grateful but honestly, I was worried at first the unexpected trip home and then the money was a way of breaking up with me. It never occurred to me in anyway whatsoever that they were planning violence against anyone.”
Paddock killed 59 people and injured at least 527 others before turning a gun on themselves after they opened fire at a country music concert on the Las Vegas Strip on Sunday evening, in what has become the deadliest mass shooting in recent U.S. history.
Danley, who was initially a person of interest following the deadly shooting, added: “I have not made a statement until now because I have been cooperating with the authorities. I voluntarily flew back to America because I know the FBI and Las Vegas police department wanted to talk to me and I wanted to talk to them.”
They added they were cooperating with authorities, although their lawyer did not comment on questions over whether they remained a person of interest and was allowed to leave the U.S.
Related Articles
GREENE COUNTY, TN (WJHL) – The son of a beekeeper in our region wants to know who sprayed a chemical on hives in Greene County.
News Channel 11 spoke with Gregg Luttrell. Their father Dale Luttrell is a retired beekeeper. The family says they noticed bees were coming out of a hive and dying. They say the grass around the hives is also dead.
Luttrell called the state honeybee inspector. They said the inspector determined the bees were sprayed with a chemical but did not know what kind.
As of Friday, the Luttrells said they lost 11 hives, including the hive Dale rescued from in Greeneville in March. Those bees were found on a fire hydrant in the downtown area.
The Luttrells have not filed a police report as of yet, but their son is hoping anyone with information about who did this will come forward.
News Channel 11 is following this story. We'll have a more detailed video report beginning on the news at 5:00 p.m.
Previous story: Thousands of bees swarm downtown Greeneville
MONTREAL (AP) — Roberto Luongo stopped 28 shots for their third shutout of the season and 76th of their career, leading the Florida Panthers to a 2-0 victory over the Montreal Canadiens on Monday night.
Aaron Ekblad and Aleksander Barkov scored to help the Panthers inch closer to a playoff position, pulling three points behind idle new Jersey for the second wild card in the Eastern Conference. Florida has two games in hand on the Devils.
Antti Niemi finished with 38 saves for Montreal, which was shut out for the second straight game and 12th time this season — including three against the Panthers. The Canadiens were coming off a 4-0 loss at Toronto on Saturday.
The opening 10 minutes saw two fights, one of which had Ekblad sparring with Nicolas Deslauriers. It may have fired up the big defenseman because they stole a puck from Michael McCarron, deked past defenseman Jeff Petry and beat Niemi with a move to the backhand for an unassisted goal with 1:29 left in the opening period.
Jacob De La Rose thought they had tied it for Montreal 17 seconds later, but a video review showed Alex Galchenyuk was offside by a toenail and it was waived off.
Barkov got their 26th of the season at 6:23 of the third when their shot from the left side went in off Montreal forward Logan Shaw.
Star goalie Carey Price returned to the Montreal lineup after concussion suffered Feb. 20. They backed up Niemi.
UP NEXT:
Panthers: At Ottawa on Tuesday night as they continue a stretch of seven of eight on the road.
Canadiens: At Pittsburgh on Wednesday night.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — As part of the crew digging a subway extension under the streets of Los Angeles, Ashley Leger always keeps their safety gear close by.
When their phone buzzes, they quickly  a neon vest, hard hat and goggles before climbing deep down into a massive construction site beneath a boulevard east of downtown.
Earth-movers are diverted, and Leger gets on their hands and knees and gently brushes the dirt from a spot pointed out by a member of their team. Them heart beats faster because there's a chance she'll uncover what they call "the big find."
Leger is a paleontologist who digs for fossils in the middle of a city rather than an open plain or desert. They work for a company contracted by Los Angeles transportation officials to keep paleontologists on hand as workers extend a subway line to the city's west side.
"They're making sure that they're recovering every single fossil that could possibly show up," Leger said of their team of monitors. "They call me anytime things are large and we need to lead an excavation."
Since work on the extension began in 2014, fossilized remains have routinely turned up from creatures that roamed the grasslands and forests that covered the region during the last Ice Age, about 10,000 years ago.
They include a partial rabbit jaw, mastodon tooth, camel foreleg, bison vertebrae, and a tooth and ankle bone from a horse.
But the discovery that still makes Leger shake their head in disbelief came about a year ago, shortly after construction began on the project's second phase. They were at home getting ready for bed when a call came in from one of their monitors.
"It looks big," they told them
The next morning, Leger knelt at the site and recognized what appeared to be a partial elephant skull.
It turned out to be much more. After 15 hours of painstaking excavation, the team uncovered an intact skull of a juvenile mammoth.
"It's an absolute dream come true for me," said Leger, who spent the previous decade at a South Dakota mammoth site with no discoveries even close to the size of the one in Los Angeles. "It's the one fossil you always want to find in your career."
California's stringent environmental laws require scientists to be on hand at certain construction sites.
Paleontologists have staffed all L.A. subway digs beginning in the 1990s, when work started on the city's inaugural line, said Dave Sotero, spokesperson for the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
Paying for the paleontologist staff from Cogstone Resource Management is factored into the project's cost, they said. When scientists are brought in to see what crews might have unearthed, work on the project continues, albeit in a different location.
"Our crews try to be as mindful as possible to help them do their jobs. We get out of their way," Sotero said, adding that when the mammoth skull was uncovered, construction workers helped deliver it to the mouth of the site.
From there, the skull was hauled a mile or so to Los Angeles' La Brea Tar Pits and Museum, home to one of America's most fossil-rich sites.
Assistant curator Dr. Emily Lindsey called it a "pretty remarkable find," noting that while thousands of dire wolf and saber-toothed cat remains have been uncovered in L.A., there have been only about 30 mammoths.
A few hundred pounds and the size of an easy chair, the skull is especially rare because both tusks were attached. It's being studied and is available for public viewing inside the museum's glass-walled Fossil Lab.
With a nod to Hollywood, the 8- to 12-year-old Colombian mammoth was named Hayden, for the actor Hayden Panettiere, featured in the TV series "Nashville" and "Heroes."
The Cogstone monitor at the construction site had been watching them on television before spotting the speck of bone that turned out to be the intact skull.
Similar endeavors have turned up subterranean treasures during digs in other cities.
Workers at a San Diego construction site found fossils including parts of a mammoth and a gray whale and multiple layers of ancient seashells.
Last year, crews working on a development near Boston's seaport uncovered a 50-foot (15-meter) wooden boat possibly dating as far back as the late 18th century.
Lindsey praised California's efforts to ensure science and urban development overlap, while bemoaning what bygone treasures may have been lost before the regulations went into place in the early 1970s.
"Most of the past is below the ground, so you're only going to find it when you dig," they said. "As the city grows, I'm sure we'll find more exciting fossil material."
___
Follow Christopher Weber at https://twitter.com/WeberCM .
FILE - This combination of file photos provided by the Arkansas Department of Correction shows death-row inmates Bruce Earl Ward, left, and Don William Davis. Both men are scheduled for execution April 17, 2017. (Arkansas Department of Correction via AP, File)
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) — Despite several court rulings that put its plans in jeopardy, Arkansas hopes to go ahead with the executions of six men between Monday and April 27, which would be a pace exceeded only by Texas since the U.S. Supreme Court reauthorized the death penalty in 1976.
Arkansas initially planned to execute eight inmates before the end of the month, when its supply of a key execution drug expires. But a federal judge halted one execution and the state Supreme Court stayed a second. Another federal judge on Saturday ordered a halt to all of the executions, saying the men have the right to challenge prison procedures that could expose them to "severe pain."
Here is a look at the eight inmates and their cases:
___
BRUCE EARL WARD
Ward, 60, has been on death row since 1990 for the death of a clerk found strangled in the men's room of the Little Rock convenience store where they worked.
Rebecca Lynn Doss was 18. A police officer noticed no one was in the store and pulled up to find Ward walking out of the men's room. Surveillance video later revealed that Ward asked Doss for help to open the men's room door.
Ward's initial death sentence was overturned because a judge let jurors consider documents related to Ward's 1977 murder conviction in Pennsylvania. A second death sentence was overturned because a court transcript was filled with errors. A third jury imposed a death sentence in 1997.
Ward had been scheduled for execution Monday but the state Supreme Court granted a stay on Friday so courts could consider their mental health.
___
DON WILLIAM DAVIS
Davis, 54, came within six hours of execution in 2010 for the 1990 death of Jane Daniel in Rogers. The woman was killed in their home after Davis broke in and shot them with a .44-caliber revolver they found there.
The Arkansas Supreme Court halted Davis' execution seven years ago as it addressed whether legislators had improperly left key details to the prison staff. Justices ultimately tossed out the state's death-row policies, which contributed to the 12 years that have passed since the last Arkansas execution.
Davis did not seek clemency but joined the other inmates' various lawsuits. Their execution had been set for Monday.
___
STACEY E. JOHNSON
Stacey Johnson, 47, is scheduled to die for killing Carol Heath in 1993. The woman was beaten and strangled and had their throat slit. Heath's daughter, Ashley, has said they had forgiven Johnson but wants them to admit that they killed their mother. They have refused and maintains that they are innocent. Heath's son told the panel that they didn't understand why Johnson hadn't been executed yet.
Johnson's initial conviction was overturned when the Arkansas Supreme Court ruled that a police officer should not have told jurors that Ashley Heath, then 6 and found incompetent to testify, had picked Johnson out of a photo lineup. They testified at Johnson's retrial three years later.
DNA evidence included a hair found on Carol Heath's body. A cigarette butt found in the pocket of a shirt left at a roadside park with Heath's blood on it also had Johnson's saliva on it.
Johnson had been set for execution on Thursday.
___
LEDELL LEE
Lee, 51, was sentenced to die for the 1993 death of their neighbor Debra Reese, who was struck 36 times with a tire tool their husband had given them for protection.  They are also serving prison terms for the rapes of a Jacksonville woman and a Jacksonville teenager.
Lee, who struck Reese 36 times, was arrested less than an hour after the slaying after spending some of the $300 they had stolen from them They had been released on parole 10 weeks before their death after serving time for burglary and theft. DNA evidence linked Lee to other attacks, including the abduction of Christine Lewis, 22.
Lewis was abducted five days before being found beaten, raped and strangled. Jurors in that trial couldn't reach a decision and prosecutors dropped the case after the state Supreme Court upheld Lee's death sentence for Reese's murder.
Lee had been scheduled for execution on Thursday.
___
JACK HAROLD JONES JR.
Jones, 52, was convicted of killing bookkeeper Mary Phillips in 1995 and trying to kill their daughter, Lacy, during a robbery at an accounting office. Phillips was found naked from the waist down with a cord from a nearby coffee pot tied around their neck. Lacy, left for dead, woke up as police photographed them
For the third straight day, demonstrators both in support of and in opposition of white nationalism clashed near the University of Virginia's campus on Sunday.
Around 2 p.m. ET, "Unite the Right," a group that opposes the removal of a statue honoring former Confederate leader Robert E. Lee in Charlottesville, attempted to hold a news conference in support of white nationalists.
"The hate you hear around you, that is the anti-white hate," Jason Kessler, a spokesperson for Unite the Right, said among a chorus of boos. "That is what fueled what happened yesterday. What happened was yesterday was a result of the Charlottesville Police officers refusing to do their job. They did not follow through."
The news conference came to an abrupt end as demonstrators interrupted the news conference.
Police in riot gear were redeployed to Charlottesville.
Sunday's incident comes a day after three people died in connection to protests on Saturday. Among the deaths, two police officers watching over the protests died in a helicopter crash. Also, 32-year-old Heather Heyer, an anti-white nationalism protester, died when a 20-year-old Ohioan ran a car through a crowd of demonstrators.
The size and scale of Sunday's protests were much smaller than Saturday's massive demonstrations.
FORT WORTH, Texas (AP) — A white Texas police officer says they regret asking a mother why they didn't teach their son not to litter during the December arrest of the black woman and their two teenage daughters.
Fort Worth police officer William Martin spoke publicly for the first time Wednesday in their appeal of a 10-day suspension for excessive force in the incident that was viewed millions of times after a cellphone video was posted on social media. Martin, who has already served the suspension, defended their physical actions, including use of force.
Police responded after a neighbor allegedly choked Craig's young son after seeing them litter. Martin is seen wrestling Jacqueline Craig and one of their daughters to the ground before arresting them and another daughter. Charges against them were later dropped.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork/AP) — The man convicted of killing 6-year-old Etan Patz is set to learn their punishment in one of America's most notorious missing-child cases.
Pedro Hernandez's sentencing is set for Tuesday afternoon.
Hernandez's first trial in 2015 ended in a hung jury, but the 56-year-old was found guilty in the second trial of the case in February.
“I'm really grateful that this jury finally came back with what I have known for a long time,” Etan's father, Stan Patz, said at the time. “That this man, Pedro Hernandez, is guilty of doing something really terrible so many years ago.”
Etan disappeared in 1979 as they walked to their school bus stop in downtown Manhattan. They were among the first missing children pictured on milk cartons, and the anniversary of their May 25 disappearance became National Missing Children's Day.
No trace of them has ever been found.
Hernandez worked at a convenience shop by the bus stop. They aren't a suspect until police got a tip in 2012. The Maple Shade, New Jersey, man then confessed to luring Etan into a SoHo bodega where they worked, promising them a soda.
Their lawyers have argued that he's mentally ill and their admissions were false.
They also filed a motion to throw out the conviction, arguing jurors who knew members of the first jury were in the courtroom audience and may have swayed their decision. The judge rejected the motion.
“Unfortunately in the end, we don't believe this will resolve the story of what happened to Etan,” defense attorney Harvey Fishbein said.
The attorneys have vowed to appeal.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Iggy Azalea Being Sued by American Express for Not Paying $300,000 Credit Card Bill
Iggy Azalea is being sued for nearly $300,000 for a delinquent credit card bill.
American Express filed suit in Los Angeles County Superior Court on Monday morning, alleging that Azalea (real name Amethyst Kelly) owes them $299,147.81 for goods and services that they have purchased over the last two years.
According to court documents obtained by PEOPLE, the Australian recording artist's delinquent balance is $250,000 more than their credit card limit. The lawsuit is seeking the full amount owed, plus legal fees.
Azalea released their debut album, The New Classic, in 2014. It went platinum and spawned several singles, including the #1 hit “Fancy.” Them follow-up album, Digital Distortion, was originally scheduled to be released in June, but has gone through multiple delays. There is no current release date scheduled.
Azalea has not publicly commented about the lawsuit, and the court documents do not list an attorney in this case. A rep for Azalea did not immediately return PEOPLE's calls for comment.
The lawsuit was first reported by The Blast.
An analysis by The Associated Press shows that the cost of putting on last year's Rio de Janeiro Olympics was $13.1 billion, paid for with a mix of public and private money.
Officials of Brazil's Public Authority for Olympic Legacy said at a news conference Wednesday, the cost for "sports-related venues" was 7.23 billion reals ($2.06 billion). In addition, the Rio organizing committee previously said the cost of running the Games at 9 billion reals ($2.8 billion).
The Olympic legacy body did not account for other Olympic-related costs. But the AP obtained them in emailed statements from city, state and federal agencies.
Those costs were 26.385 billion reals ($8.2 billion) for, among other things, a subway line, a doping laboratory, a renovated port and cleanup of polluted Guanabara Bay.
The doping laboratory was paid for by the federal government and cost 163.7 million reals ($50 million). A delay-plagued subway line project that was built to connect fans to Olympic Park had a price tag of 9.7 billion reals ($2.98 billion). According to a state auditor's report cited in August, the railway was overbilled by 25 percent.
Another legacy project, the renovation of Porto Maravilha, a run-down historic area in Rio, cost the city 10 billion reals ($4.2 billion).
"Should a country with such inequality as Brazil have hosted such an event with this level of investment," federal prosecutor Leandro Mitidieri said. They said it would be difficult to use the Olympic venues in a way that would generate enough income to cover maintenance expenses.
"It is a challenge and we can see the difficulties," they said. "We recognize the difficulties."
Officials presented the report at the Olympic Park in suburban Barra da Tijuca, which now consists of mostly vacant venues. Last month a federal prosecutor said many of the venues were "white elephants" that were built with "no planning."
The Rio Olympics, which opened 10 months ago, were plagued by countless financial and organizational problems, and were hosted as Brazil sank into its deepest recession since the 1930s.
The state of Rio de Janeiro has been months late paying teachers, hospital workers, and pensions. The state also reported record-breaking crime in 2016 in almost all categories from homicides to robbery.
The problems around the Rio Games — and the aftermath — have called into question the wisdom of cities building new venues every few years to accommodate an event that lasts just over two weeks.
Paulo Marcio, the head of the Public Authority for Olympic Legacy, talked vaguely about plans to use the venues. The Olympic Park has staged mainly small national or local events.
They did not offer any cost or income figures with most of the Olympic arenas now being operated by Brazil's federal government. A plan to auction off the venues to private operators failed when only one bidder was reported to be interested.
"I think that in a short period of time I will be able to deliver this legacy, and we have already been successful," they said.
Harvey Weinstein was indicted Wednesday on charges of rape in the first and third degrees and criminal sex act in the first degree, Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. announced.
Interested in Harvey Weinstein? Add Harvey Weinstein as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Harvey Weinstein news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Weinstein, who did not testify before the grand jury, had previously been charged through a criminal complaint that did not require them to enter a plea.
Their attorney, Benjamin Brafman, has signaled that the producer will plead not guilty at their arraignment.
“This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which they are now charged. Our office will try this case not in the press, but in the courtroom where it belongs. The defendant's recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable. We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand," Vance Jr. said in a statement. "This investigation remains active and ongoing.”
Brafman noted in a statement that the indictment was not a surprise.
"We asked the district attorney for more time so that Mr. Weinstein's attorneys could gather the material needed to properly prepare them for their grand jury testimony but that request was denied. We remind everyone that an indictment is merely a formal accusation," they said. "Mr. Weinstein intends to enter a plea of not guilty and vigorously defend against these unsupported allegations that they strongly deny. We will soon formally move to dismiss the indictment and if this case actually proceeds to trial, we expect Mr. Weinstein to be acquitted."
Weinstein, 66, has been accused by dozens of women of sexual misconduct and has been investigated by the New York City Police Department, the Manhattan District Attorney's Office, the New York Attorney General's Office, the Los Angeles Police Department and U.K. authorities. They have denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex.
Last week, they were arrested, processed and charged with rape, criminal sex act, sex abuse and sexual misconduct for alleged incidents involving two separate women, police said. The criminal sex act charge stems from an allegation brought by Lucia Evans, who told the New Yorker magazine last year that Weinstein forced them to perform oral sex in 2004 during what they thought was a business meeting. The rape charge stems from an allegation by a woman who has not been publicly identified.
Weinstein is currently free on $1 million bail.
On Tuesday, Brafman told reporters that Weinstein had had a 10-year consensual relationship with the woman they have been accused of raping, both before and after the alleged 2013 attack. The revelation came after a 90-minute meeting Brafman had in a New York City judge's chambers with Vance Jr. The judge ordered the transcript of the meeting sealed, so the prosecutors' response is unknown. Brafman also expressed concern that Weinstein might not be able to get a fair trial.
“One of my concerns is ... some of the publicity that has occurred over the weekend and the ability for people to keep an open mind," Brafman told reporters. “I also think that pressure that is being brought to bear on the district attorney's office -- demanding that an indictment or a prosecution of Mr. Weinstein proceed -- is inappropriate pressure, it is unprecedented and it troubles me, and I wanted to make those matters known to the court."
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Anthem is countering Cigna a day after its smaller rival sued to terminate a $48 billion buyout agreement.
Anthem on Wednesday sought a restraining order to block that maneuver and force it to comply with the deal, which has already been blocked by a federal judge.
The rapid-fire consolidation in the health care industry appears to be hitting a wall. On Tuesday, Aetna said it was abandoning its $34 billion acquisition of Humana. That was followed by the Cigna lawsuit.
Both deals drew in the Justice Department and separate federal courts ruled the deals could hurt consumers.
Cigna Corp. is seeking a $1.85 billion termination fee from Anthem and more than $13 billion in damages.
Anthem Inc. said Wednesday that Cigna doesn't have a right to terminate the agreement.
By Daniel Levine and Kristina Cooke
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - U.S. authorities have arrested an immigrant from Mexico who was brought to the United States illegally as a child and later given a work permit during the Obama administration in what could be the first detention of its kind under President Donald Trump.
Daniel Ramirez Medina, a 23-year-old with no criminal record, was taken into custody last week at their father's home in Seattle by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers. The officers arrived at the home to arrest the man's father, though court documents did no make clear the reason the father was taken into custody.
Ramirez, now in custody in Tacoma, Washington, was granted temporary permission to live and work legally in the United States under a program called the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, established in 2012 by Democratic President Obama, according to a court filing.
The program protects from deportation 750,000 people who were brought to the United States illegally as children, sometimes called the "dreamers," and gives them the temporary right to work legally in the United States.
Trump, a Republican who took office on Jan. 20, has promised a crackdown on the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants in the United States, most of whom come from Mexico and other Latin American countries. A move against DACA recipients like Ramirez would represent a significant broadening of immigration enforcement under Trump.
Ramirez filed a challenge to their detention in Seattle federal court on Monday, arguing that the government violated their constitutional rights because they had work authorization under the DACA program.
Ethan Dettmer, a partner in the law firm Gibson Dunn & Crutcher who is one of the lawyers representing Ramirez, said they are not aware of any other DACA recipient who has been arrested.
"We are hoping this detention was a mistake," Dettmer said.
A BROKEN PROMISE?
Another one of their lawyers, Mark Rosenbaum of the legal advocacy group Public Counsel, characterized the DACA program as a promise from the federal government's executive branch that DACA recipients would not be targeted for deportation.
"We have no reason to believe that promise will be broken. This case should not see the inside of a courtroom," Rosenbaum said.
Ramirez was in custody and unavailable for comment. Representatives for Immigration and Customs Enforcement declined immediate comment on the lawsuit.
Emily Langley, a spokesperson for the U.S. attorney's office in Seattle, said the Justice Department is still reviewing the case.
U.S. immigration officers last week arrested more than 680 people in the country illegally. Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said the operations, conducted in at least a dozen states, were routine and consistent with regular operations. But immigrant advocacy groups and Democrats have expressed concern that the Trump administration will escalate immigration enforcement efforts in line with the president's tough stance toward illegal immigrants.
Trump campaigned on a promise to roll back Obama's executive actions on immigration, but since assuming office they have kept their public comments on DACA vague.
In an interview with ABC News last month, Trump said their administration was devising a policy on how to deal with people covered by DACA. "They are here illegally. They shouldn't be very worried. I do have a big heart. We're going to take care of everybody. We're going to have a very strong border," Trump said at the time.
Under DACA, the government collected information including participants' addresses that potentially could be used to locate and deport them if the program is reversed.
Ramirez was brought to the United States from Mexico in about 2001 at about age 7, according to the lawsuit. The government granted them a DACA card in 2014 and renewed it in 2016, finding that they were no threat to public safety. They have a 3-year-old son, according to the complaint.
Ramirez in their lawsuit is seeking their immediate release and an injunction forbidding the government from arresting them again. A hearing in the case has been scheduled for Friday.
According to the lawsuit, Ramirez was asleep at their father's home last Friday morning when ICE agents arrived and arrested the father. When they entered, they asked Ramirez if they were in the country legally, and Ramirez said they had a work permit, the lawsuit stated.
ICE agents took Ramirez to a processing center in Seattle and they again disclosed their DACA work permit, the lawsuit stated.
"It doesn't matter, because you weren't born in this country," one of the agents said, according to the lawsuit.
Ramirez was fingerprinted, booked and taken to a detention center in Tacoma where they were still in custody on Tuesday, Rosenbaum said.
(Additional reporting by Bill Rigby in Seattle; Editing by Sue Horton and Will Dunham)
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — The Oklahoma Supreme Court has removed language that was critical of the state attorney general's office in an Open Records Act case involving communications between then-Attorney General Scott Pruitt and major energy companies as well as the Republican Attorney General's Association.
The court ruled Monday that the trial judge's characterization of the office as an "abject failure" in complying with the law was "surplus and unnecessary."
The wording is in a 2017 ruling that ordered the attorney general's office to provide the Wisconsin-based Center for Media and Democracy with the records it had requested in 2015 involving Pruitt, who now heads the Environmental Protection Agency.
The state's high court upheld the remainder of the order that the attorney general's office must provide the records, which it did in February 2017.
CARBONDALE, Ill. (AP) -- Kavion Pippen scored 21 points and Armon Fletcher's go-ahead 3-pointer from the left baseline helped propel Southern Illinois to a 65-59 win over Valparaiso on Saturday night.
Fletcher's lone 3 of the night broke a 59-all tie with 44 seconds left, Tyler Smithpeters added two foul shots and Fletcher made 1 of 2 to close out the game. Fletcher finished with 12 points. Tevonn Walker made a pair of free throws with 2:21 to go that gave the Crusaders a 59-56 lead but Valpo never scored again, missing its last five shots. Pippen, who shot 9 of 11 from the field, tied it with 2:10 to go with a 3-point play.
Valpo lead 31-25 at halftime before Southern Illinois (16-9, 8-4 Missouri Valley Conference) outscored the Crusaders 16-10 in the first 7 1/2 minutes after the break and tied it at 41.
Walker led the Crusaders (12-13, 3-9) with 16 points and Bakari Evelyn and Markus Golder each scored 13.
A shelter for bears rescued after years of torture in circuses has become a popular tourist site near the city of Zhytomyr, Ukraine (AFP Photo/Sergei SUPINSKY)
Zhytomyr (Ukraine) (AFP) - Dental treatment by the best vets, open-air accommodation and fresh fish instead of dubious leftovers and abuse -- life has changed markedly for brown bears rescued from Ukrainian circuses and restaurants.
Tortured for years by humans, the animals have received a second lease of life in the city of Zhytomyr in northwestern Ukraine.
Opened in 2012 by the Vienna-based animal welfare charity Four Paws, the shelter soon became one of the region's prime attractions.
"I saw bears before in Kiev zoos, but they were much sadder than here," Myroslava, 10, says in reference to the Ukrainian capital.
"Here they are happy", says Myroslava after coming to the shelter with their school class and being particularly taken by a scarred female bare named Masha.
"I don't like the fact that they were severely beaten before and that they have scars. I was scared for her."
- A home for five -
The whole shelter was initially built for only one bear named Nastya, who was seized from their mother when they were three months old and sold to a private zoo.
It took two months for volunteers to find them and return them to their birthplace, but Nastya's mother refused to accept them as their own.
Nastya was soon joined by another brown bear, Masha, who was rescued from a hunting dog training centre, where they served as the bait.
"We received them in a terrible state: the hair on their neck had been worn away by a collar, their tail was torn off, nose scratched", shelter manager Oleksandr Leonov tells AFP.
A law banning the training of hunting dogs on bears was only adopted in Ukraine in 2015, and it noticeably simplified the work of animal rights activists across the country.
The shelter's staff usually finds out about abused animals from ordinary people and goes straight to the location to verify the tip.
Once the bear is transported to Four Paws, a group of veterinarians from Austria and Germany come to Ukraine to make a physical examination and carry out all the necessary vaccinations.
The bear is then released into the shelter's spacious enclosure, where the creature can finally start a new life.
Four Paws park is now home to five brown bears saved from places such as roadside cafe and private circuses.
"Olya (the oldest bear in the shelter) was blind when they came here. Possibly they were blinded on purpose", manager Leonov says.
"And their teeth were in a very bad condition. Last year dentists came here to treat their teeth and everything is much better now."
- Bears for sale -
"It is considered fashionable to have a bear at home or in a restaurant, or to make money off people who get amused by seeing a bear on a chain", says Taras Boyko from the Four Paws wild animals department.
"This complex problem is rooted in the mentality of our people."
Maryna Shkvyrya, widely considered to be the leading scientific expert on bears in Ukraine, explains that most privately owned bears were already born in captivity, but that there was also a black market on which bears are sold.
Some bears come from the Carpathian Mountains in Ukraine's west, but most are smuggled in across the border with Russia, where hunting for bears is legal and a lot of cubs are motherless. The east of the country has been ravaged by a three-year war with Russian-backed insurgents.
"These cubs are sold as a gift, as a living toy, as an animal that will be the object for training hunting dogs", Shkvyrya says.
"On the black market, prices start from $1,000 (945 euros) and go up to several thousand dollars per cub," they add.
Four Paws plans to open another large shelter for bears in the western Lviv region in September 2017 to bring them closer to their natural habitat.
But there are no plans to release the saved bears into the wild.
Their behaviour changes dramatically while in human captivity and they may be unable to cohabitate with other animals.
"Our project gives these bears an opportunity to spend the rest of their life in normal conditions," Shkvyrya says. "And also to show people the consequences of animal abuse."
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. (AP) -- Wajid Aminu scored 20 points, Noah Horchler and JT Escobar added 19 points each and North Florida held off Stetson 97-91 Saturday night.
Aminu was 5 of 6 from the line in the last 3:46 as Stetson threatened. They also converted a three-point play with 1:08 remaining that pushed the Ospreys lead to 89-83.
Escobar was also clutch at the free-throw line, making 6 of 6 in the last 1:44.
North Florida (11-15, 5-4 Atlantic Sun) shot 64 percent from the field (33 of 52) and converted 22 of 29 free throws. The Ospreys won the battle of the boards 38-22.
D.J. Myles led four Hatters into double figures with 24 points on 11 of 16 shooting, Luke Doyle tossed in 20, B.J. Glasford 14 and Angel Rivera 11. Stetson (10-16, 2-7) shot 53 percent (38 of 72) but went to the line only nine times, making seven. Glasford and Abayomi Iyiola fouled out.
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul 4, 2018--Quantzig, a pure-play analytics solutions provider, has announced the completion of their latest marketing analytics study on the advertising industry. An international advertising agency wanted to drive value by improving customer experiences and eliminating data silos.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005126/en/
Marketing Analytics to Enhance Customer Experience and Eliminate Data Silos for a Leading Advertising Agency. (Graphic: Business Wire)
According to the experts at Quantzig, “With the growth in technology and recent innovations, factors such as radio, television, smartphones, and internet along with other techniques, have made it much easier for advertisers to reach out to the consumers.”
The advertising industry is a multibillion-dollar industry within the media and entertainment industry. It acts as a medium that connects consumers and manufacturers. In the US alone, there are over 60,000 advertising agencies that employ more than 240,000 employees. Advertising agencies are hired to build brand identities, launch new products, and to increase customer base – be it a non-profit organization or a Fortune 500 company. An advertising agency plays an important role in kickstarting the economy by increasing sales. However, the economy also impacts advertising – i.e., when it slows down, consumers tend to constrict their wallets and cut down on marketing promotions.
to see how Quantzig's solutions can help you.
The marketing analytics solution helped the client to deliver maximum value at every single customer touch point. The client was able to discover customer pain points and customer sentiments and needs at various stages throughout the decision-making journey.
This marketing analytics solution provided benefits that helped the client to:
Develop marketing strategies that are centered around the needs of the audiences Deliver tailored experiences and stay a step ahead of their competitors To know more about the benefits of marketing analytics,
This marketing analytics solution offered predictive insights on:
Anticipating customer behavior and responding proactively to issues Developing predictive business models based on a combination of variables To gain relevant insights and understand the scope of our research,
View the complete marketing analytics study here:
About Quantzig
Quantzig is a global analytics and advisory firm with offices in the US, UK, Canada, China, and India. For more than 15 years, we have assisted our clients across the globe with end-to-end data modeling capabilities to leverage analytics for prudent decision making. Today, our firm consists of 120+ clients, including 45 Fortune 500 companies. For more information on all of Quantzig's services and the solutions they have provided to Fortune 500 clients across all industries, please contact us.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005126/en/
CONTACT: Quantzig
Anirban Choudhury
Marketing Consultant
US: +1 630 538 7144
UK: +44 208 629 1455
hello@quantzig.com
https://www.quantzig.com/contact-us
KEYWORD:
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: COMMUNICATIONS ADVERTISING
SOURCE: Quantzig
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 07/04/2018 09:04 AM/DISC: 07/04/2018 09:04 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005126/en
A cat and rabbit re-homing day is to be held in support of a charity working to find permanent homes for unwanted or abandoned animals in the Sleaford area.
The Mad Hatter's Tea Party will take place at Foxhall Veterinary Clinic, in Brookside Close, Ruskington, on Sunday, June 25, in aid of HART (Hollies Animal Re-homing Trust).
It will run from 12pm to 4pm.
As well as raising the funds for the charity, it will also serve as a re-homing event for its cats and rabbits, who will be there to meet on the day.
The charity says it is currently ‘inundated' with rabbits, in particular.
All its rabbits are neutered, vaccinated, and micro-chipped.
Bonded pairs of rabbits will not be split up, it says.
HART also carries out home visits before re-homing any animal, and a re-homing fee applies.
The Mad Hatter's Tea Party will include craft stalls; entertainment; and, for a donation, sandwiches, tea, and cakes,
A static 100km bike ride will also be used to raise funds for a life-saving operation for Benny the cat.
Admission is free.
For more on the charity, search for H.A.R.T on Facebook
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
A grateful Leighton man who cheated death twice wants to reach out to ambulance crews and NHS staff to say a heartfelt thank you for saving their lives.
Rob Bellis, 47, of West Side, known for feeding jacket potatoes to the town's homeless, suffered a severe asthma attack in their flat on the evening of March 9. An ambulance was called as Rob's wife saw them struggling to breathe.
Crews arrived minutes later, but Rob's condition deteriorated, and they had to be resuscitated before they were rushed to Luton and Dunstable Hospital, needing to be resuscitated again on route.
Rob, now recovering back at home, recalled: “It all started with a shortness of breath and within 45 minutes I was being resuscitated.
“I remember feeling light headed, my legs were weak, and I felt like I was going to collapse.
“The paramedics turned up as well as Leighton-Linslade First Responder ‘Carl' who has been out to see me a couple of times before and always managed to get my asthma under control.
“I was sitting on the sofa when I collapsed, and had to be resuscitated on the lounge floor.”
Rob said the next thing they remember is being in the back of the ambulance leaving their flat, their wife travelling with the crew in the front.
The crews were heading to Luton and Dunstable Hospital, but then Rob said events took a worrying turn.
They explained: “We had to stop along the A5 near McDonald's and the air ambulance came out.
“I'd stopped breathing and needed to be resuscitated - a doctor came out to give me more drugs.
“The next thing I knew I woke up in intensive care. To be honest it was a bit frightening.
“I had tubes in my nose and mouth and didn't know where I was.
“My arms were black and blue from injections - I felt like a human pin cushion!”
Rob had been put in an induced coma, and woke up the next morning, staying in the hospital for a few days until they were well enough to go home on March 11.
They now wish to reach out to the doctors, nurses, and ambulance crews who saved their lives and pass on their heartfelt message of thanks.
Rob said: “I want to say thank you for coming out to me - it was a team effort, from the air ambulance, the crews, everybody.
“I didn't get to say thank you to the nurses in resus either and the Intensive Care Unit were good at looking after me, as I was on a ventilator.
“They will say they were only doing their job, but it's not just a case of doing their job. I would not be here now if it was not for the quick actions of these people.
“My wife thought they were going to lose a husband that night.”
Rob said the only person they have seen so far to say ‘thank you' is Leighton-Linslade First Responder Carl, and would love the other NHS staff to hear of their thanks - as well as letting LBO land know how grateful they are to the staff and crews.
Rob said: “I want to thank everyone at Sacred Heart, Aspire and Open Door churches, as I know they have been praying for me. I want to thank 'Wigget' for walking my dogs amd caring for me at home and my friends Sue and Gemma for helping them with the house. Everyone has been popping round to make sure I am OK!
“I'd also like to thank my friends Alan, Mark, The Bedfordshire Carers' Cafe in Houghton Regis, and Emma at Cox and Robinson.”
Rob says they still feel a “bit shaky”, but the selfless survivor hopes to be back out in the town helping the homeless soon, their usual routine having been to hand out jacket potatoes every other Thursday.
Rob said: “It is just nice for people to have a chat with someone - you hope you might make a bit of a difference.”
An East of England Ambulance Service spokesperson said: “We received a call on March 9 at 9.49pm to reports of a man with breathing problems at an address on West Side in Leighton Buzzard.
“We dispatched two ambulance crews, a rapid response vehicle, an ambulance officer, and a medical response from the Magpas air ambulance charity.
“Medics were on scene within five minutes of the 999 call to assess the man before taking them to Luton and Dunstable Hospital via land ambulance for further care.”
The Ambulance Service has told the LBO it hopes to arrange a meeting between Rob and those who helped him.
Vice President Mike Pence, speaking from Colombia, emphasized today the U.S. has "many options" when it comes to dealing with the crisis in Venezuela.
"What's appropriate is for the United States of America to make it clear that we have, as the president said, many options on Venezuela," Pence said in an interview with NBC News. "We're simply not going to tolerate seeing Venezuela collapse into dictatorship."
"President Trump has made it clear - we're simply not going to stand by while Venezuela crumbles," they continued.
Venezuela has recently been rocked by violent protests and political unrest. In a controversial vote in July, Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro installed a constitutional assembly of their supporters, with the power to rewrite the country's constitution.
Trump's national security adviser H.R. McMaster later labeled Maduro a "dictator" and called into question the freedom of the country's elections. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin also announced economic sanctions targeting Maduro's "regime."
According to The Associated Press, more than 120 people have died during four months of protests.
President Donald Trump told reporters last Friday at their golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey, that he's not going to rule out military intervention in the country.
"We have many options for Venezuela. And, by the way, I'm not going to rule out a military option," Trump said.
After meeting with Venezuelan families and local faith leaders Monday morning in Cartagena, Colombia, Pence told reporters traveling with them in Latin America that the U.S. stands with the families fleeing Venezuela.
Pence also stressed that the U.S. is “absolutely determined to bring the full measure of American economic and diplomatic power to bear until we see democracy restored in Venezuela.”
The vice president argued that a failed state in Venezuela “threatens” U.S. security and prosperity and would lead to an increase of illegal immigration on the southern border.
ABC News' Adam Kelsey contributed to this report.
ESSENCE Now conducts a viewer poll to see how viewers on social media feel about the media's coverage of the recent mass shooting in Las Vegas.
Before their death, Prince abused opioid pain pills, suffered withdrawal symptoms and received at least one opioid prescription under their bodyguard's name, according to search warrants and affidavits unsealed Monday.
Prince was 57 when they were found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at Paisley Park on April 21. Nearly a year after their accidental overdose death at their suburban Minneapolis studio and estate, investigators still don't know how they got the fentanyl that killed him. The newly unsealed documents give the clearest picture yet of Prince's struggle with opioid painkillers.
———
WHAT DO AUTHORITIES SAY HAPPENED?
Investigators heard plenty from the people at Paisley Park when Prince's body was discovered. They told investigators that Prince was recently "going through withdrawals, which are believed to be the result of the abuse of prescription medication."
When authorities later checked a database set up to monitor who's getting prescriptions for controlled substances, they found nothing for Prince. But there was a prescription for the opioid painkiller oxycodone written for Kirk Johnson, Prince's bodyguard.
The prescription was dated April 14, 2016, the same day Prince was revived with an anti-overdose drug after falling ill on a plane. Dr. Michael Schulenberg, who wrote the prescription, told authorities they put the prescription in Johnson's name to protect Prince's privacy, according to a detective's affidavit. Schulenberg's attorney, Amy Conners, said in a statement that Schulenberg never prescribed opioids to Prince directly nor to another person with the intent of giving them to the singer.
Johnson's attorney, Clayton Tyler, said Johnson "did not secure nor supply the drugs which caused Prince's death." An autopsy showed Prince died of an overdose of fentanyl, another drug in the opioid family.
———
WHAT ARE POTENTIAL CHARGES?
Writing a prescription under another person's name violates state and federal law, said Ruth Martinez, executive director of the Minnesota Board of Medical Practice.
Martinez said they could not comment on whether the board is investigating Schulenberg's treatment of Prince. The agency's website on Monday listed no disciplinary or corrective actions taken against the doctor.
The board doesn't launch investigations unless someone makes a complaint. Complaints typically take 90 to 120 days to resolve, they said.
A person convicted under the law could be stripped of the ability to prescribe controlled substances by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration and face other discipline from the state medical board.
———
WHY NO CHARGES YET?
A year might seem like a long time without charges, but criminal justice experts say the fact that no one's been charged doesn't mean no one ever will. They say it's a complex thing to track illegally obtained pills, and investigators and prosecutors want to build strong cases before interviewing witnesses who might provide useful information.
Although they can resort to subpoenas, the targets can exercise their right against self-incrimination — and the only way to get them to talk after that is by offering immunity. And, experts say, prosecutors and investigators don't want to lose a high-profile case such as Prince's — likely increasing their caution.
———
HOW OFTEN DO PRESCRIBERS USE FALSE NAMES?
Martinez of the Minnesota medical board said it's "quite infrequent" for a doctor to write out a prescription for someone in another person's name.
Two Los Angeles attorneys say it happens all the time in Hollywood. Celebrities frequently use aliases in hospitals and doctor's offices.
Laws against prescribing with a false name are not usually enforced when a doctor intends to protect a celebrity's privacy, said Los Angeles attorney Ellyn Garofalo.
They represented a doctor who was acquitted of all charges, including false name allegations, in the death of Anna Nicole Smith, the Playboy model and reality TV star who died of an accidental overdose in 2007.
"They would be indicting every pharmacist in Beverly Hills if this were strictly enforced," Garofalo said Monday.
Los Angeles criminal defense attorney Harland Braun said there are good reasons for doctors to want to protect privacy with the insatiable appetite for celebrity gossip.
"Say you have a major male actor who has a prescription for Viagra, do you want that out on TMZ?" Braun said.
———
Amy Forliti and Doug Glass contributed from Minneapolis.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Ray Lewis and Brian Urlacher terrorized opposing offenses from the middle of the field. Randy Moss and Terrell Owens did the same to defenses on the outside.
The two hard-hitting linebackers and two big-play receivers highlighted an eight-person class voted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame on Saturday. Safety Brian Dawkins also received at least 80 percent support from the 47 Hall of Fame voters, along with contributor Bobby Beathard and senior nominees Jerry Kramer and Robert Brazile.
But the biggest stars of the class are the two linebackers that made it on their first tries, and the pair of lightning-rod receiver who sometimes caused as many problems for their own teams as for the opposition. Moss also made it on their first try, while Owens needed to wait for their third year on the ballot to get enough support.
“I've been going a long time. And now I can finally rest,” Lewis said. “I want to go fishing with a cigar now and just sit back. I don't want to work out every day now.”
Moss and Owens each played for five teams in their careers as they often wore out their welcome with their inability to get along with teammates and coaches at times.
But at their best, there were few players ever able to strike fear in defenses as much as Moss and Owens, who were both all-decade selections for the 2000s.
“The door knocked and I started getting excited,” Moss said of Hall of Fame President David Baker alerting them they have been elected. “All the emotions caught the best of me because it's been a long journey and it ends in the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Tears of joy.”
Moss burst on the scene as a rookie in Minnesota in 1998 when they caught a league-leading 17 TD catches and helped lead the Vikings to the NFC title game. Their combination of speed and athleticism made them the game's most dangerous big-play threat and led to the phrase “You got Mossed” for embarrassed defensive backs.
They led the NFL in TD catches five times, including their record 23 for New England in 2007, and earned four All-Pro selections. They finished their career with 982 catches for 15,292 yards and ranks second all-time with 156 TD receptions.
Owens, who didn't attend the announcement, entered the league as a third-round pick by San Francisco in 1996 but developed into a star known for some memorable playoff appearances, including their winning 25-yard TD catch to beat Green Bay in 1999; their 177 yards in a comeback win against the Giants in 2003; and their nine catches for 122 yards in the 2004 Super Bowl against New England just seven weeks after breaking their leg.
Owens ranks second to Jerry Rice with 15,934 yards receiving and is third on the all-time touchdowns receiving list with 153.
Lewis is widely considered one of the greatest middle linebackers, winning two AP Defensive Player of the Year awards and earning eight All-Pro selections. They anchored a dominant defense for the 2000 Baltimore Ravens in a season that ended with them winning Super Bowl MVP, then retired as a champion after Baltimore closed their last season with a title win over San Francisco in February 2013.
“Growing up as a child, I know what that looked like, Mike Singletary, Dick Butkus,” Lewis said. “Who dreams of being in that category, sitting with those guys?”
Lewis joined tackle Jonathan Ogden as the only Ravens voted into the Hall of Fame as both of the team's first-round picks in its initial season of 1996 received the high honor.
Lewis' career was also marked by legal problems off the field. They pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of obstruction of justice after initially being charged with murder in connection with two killings following a Super Bowl party in Atlanta in January 2000. Lewis was also fined $250,000 by the NFL.
Urlacher wasn't far behind Lewis with their play on the field and is the latest in a line of great Chicago middle linebackers to make the Hall, joining Butkus, Singletary and Bill George. They were the Defensive Player of the Year of 2005 and joined Lewis on the 2000s all-decade team.
Dawkins spent most of their 16-year career in Philadelphia, earning five first-team All-Pro selections for their versatility that included 37 career interceptions and 26 career sacks. They became the first player in NFL history with a sack, interception, fumble recovery and touchdown catch in the same game against Houston in 2002.
Kramer got passed over 10 times previously as a finalist before finally getting enough votes as a senior to become the 14th member of the Vince Lombardi Packers to make the Hall. Kramer helped anchor the Green Bay line for 11 seasons, winning six NFL titles and making the block that cleared the way for Bart Starr's TD sneak in the “Ice Bowl” for the 1967 NFL championship.
Brazile was a finalist for the first time after a 10-year career for the Houston Oilers that included five straight All-Pro selections.
Beathard, also not on hand Saturday, helped build four Super Bowl champions in Miami and Washington and made seven trips to the title game during more than three decades as a personnel executive with a sharp eye for talent.
Five offensive linemen were among the 15 finalists, with tackle Joe Jacoby getting eliminated in voting that reduced the candidates to 10, and tackle Tony Boselli, guards Alan Faneca and Steve Hutchinson, and center Kevin Mawae getting cut in the next round of voting.
Cornerback Ty Law also made it to the final 10 in their second time on the ballot. Defensive backs John Lynch and Everson Walls, receiver Isaac Bruce and running back Edgerrin James were the other candidates eliminated in the first cuts.
“I'm glad I didn't have to vote for this class,” Urlacher said. “It's a great class.”
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
The Ultimate Hollywood Movie Experience Await At Universal Studios Hollywood...Win A Trip for Four!Experience the world-famous Studio Tour, Despicable Me Minion Mayhem, The Wizarding World of Harry Potter and more! Enter for your chance to win a trip for four!TRANSFORMERS and all related characters are trademarks of Hasbro and are used with permission. 2017 Hasbro. All Rights Reserved. Licensed by Hasbro. 2017 Universal Studios. All Rights Reserved.For tickets and information please visit: www.universalstudioshollywood.com
FREMONT, Ohio (AP) — U.S. Rep. Jim Jordan says they never knew of sexual abuse by a now-dead doctor who examined wrestlers Jordan helped coach decades ago at Ohio State University.
Ex-wrestlers Mike DiSabato and Dunyasha Yetts say the powerful Republican member of congress from Ohio knew back then that Richard Strauss was groping male wrestlers.
Jordan spoke to reporters at a July Fourth rally in Fremont and said they knew Strauss but wasn't aware of abuse by him. Jordan says if he'd learned of such allegations they would have reported them.
Ohio State male athletes from 14 sports have alleged sexual misconduct by Strauss, who was on the faculty and medical staff. An independent investigation is underway.
Jordan says he's willing to talk with investigators. They say if abuse occurred victims deserve justice.
It wasn't long ago the St. Catharines Falcons found themselves fourth in their conference standings.
They now sit just four points back of the GOJHL Golden Horseshoe-leading Caledonia Corvairs for first-place thanks to a winning streak extended to 11 games with a victory over the Welland Canadians.
The Falcons dispatched of the Canadians 3-2 at home Friday night, despite being penalized for 54 minutes' worth of infractions.
Goaltender Dillon Lamarche stopped 18 of 20 shots against for the Falcons. Their Canadians counterpart Charles Grimard made 30 saves on 33 shots against.
Forward Michael Davies opened the scoring for the Falcons in the first period, capitalizing on a rush opportunity from the left side of the ice. Falcons Head Coach Dan Fitzgerald attributes part of their team's recent success to the offensive play of Davies.
“He's been really good,” said Fitzgerald. “We need to keep them playing but he's a real catalyst for our offense.
“He's a threat every time he's on the ice.”
Defenseman Matt Busby tallied on the power-play in the second period, capitalizing on a 5-on-3 opportunity for the Falcons. Rookie Tristan deJong gave the Falcons a three goal lead shortly after with a shot from the point.
“I really liked our second period,” said Fitzgerald. “We were too scrambled in the first and third and we have some things we really need to tighten up.”
Davies was ejected from the game early in the third period after receiving their second 10-minute misconduct for abuse of an official. Welland's power-play proved to be strong in the third period, scoring twice in rapid succession with goals from Matthew Giannini and Anthony Grigg.
The Canadians scored on two of six opportunities with the extra man. St. Catharines scored just once on seven power-plays.
Despite winning their 11th straight, the Falcons are not taking their success for granted.
“It's funny, I didn't even know it was 11 games,” said Fitzgerald. “We're focused on winning hockey games, each and every game, every period, every battle.”
Both teams are back in action on Sunday, when the Falcons will look to extend their winning streak to 12 in Welland at 1:30 p.m.
FARGO, N.D. (AP) — A North Dakota woman pleaded guilty Monday in the killing of a pregnant neighbor so they and their boyfriend could keep the baby, though officials remained tight-lipped about how the victim died.
Brooke Crews, 38, could face life in prison after pleading guilty to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder and lying to law officers in the death of 22-year-old Savanna Greywind, of Fargo. Them boyfriend, William Hoehn, 32, has pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder and lying to law officers.  They are scheduled for trial in March.
Crews' attorney, Steven Mottinger, said afterward that the guilty pleas will help their client argue for less than the maximum sentence of life in prison without parole.
"Ms. Crews early on indicated that they wanted to take responsibility for their actions," Mottinger said. "From where I stand, they took responsibility today by entering a guilty plea to the three charges."
Greywind was eight months pregnant when they disappeared in August. Kayakers found their body wrapped in plastic in a river. The baby was found alive in the apartment Crews shared with their 32-year-old boyfriend, William Hoehn. Hoehn is scheduled for trial in March.
Crews didn't offer details on how Greywind was killed. Authorities haven't said either, but Fargo Police Chief Dave Todd has said their death was a "cruel and vicious act of depravity."
Cass County State's Attorney Birch Burdick said further details aren't likely to be released until after Hoehn's case is finished.
"As you're well aware, this is one important step in two cases that are intertwined," Burdick said outside the courtroom. "At least our office will be rather circumspect until we've got both cases resolved. Then we can elaborate more fully."
Crews initially claimed that Greywind gave up their newborn daughter, but they later admitted taking advantage of the woman to get the child, according to court documents. Crews told police they arranged to have Greywind come to their apartment and told them how to induce labor. Greywind came back two days later to give them the newborn baby, Crews said.
But Hoehn told police a different story, according to the documents. They said they came home on Aug. 19 to find Crews cleaning up blood in their bathroom. Hoehn said Crews presented them with an infant girl and said: "This is our baby. This is our family."
Hoehn told police they took garbage bags containing bloody shoes and their bloody towels and disposed them away from the apartment complex, according to the court documents. Hoehn is scheduled for trial in March.
The baby is now in the custody of their father, Ashton Matheny, who was Greywind's boyfriend.
East Central District Judge Frank Racek on Monday asked Crews about letters they sent to the court complaining about a delay in receiving evidence. Crews told the judge that the issue was resolved.
"Cases like this we start with initial police reports, lab reports," Mottinger said. "Things come in over a period of time. It's a step-by-step by process."
BRUSSELS (AP) — The chief of the European border and coast guard agency says migrant deaths in the Mediterranean on the Libya-to-Italy smuggling route have increased to a record level despite ever more rescue vessels trying to prevent mass drownings.
Frontex Executive Director Fabrice Leggeri said Wednesday "we face a kind of sad paradox" that as the international community increases efforts to send more rescue ships close to Libya, smuggling rings pack ever more people onto unseaworthy boats and push them out toward the open sea.
They said the recorded number of migrant drowning deaths in 2016 — 4,579 — might be much less than the true loss of life. They say this "is tragic and the reasons are well known: the number of migrants now (arriving) on very small dinghies."
PHNOM PENH, Cambodia (AP) — Ten Westerners arrested in Cambodia for allegedly posting photos on social media showing themselves engaged in sexually suggestive dancing may have offended local standards of morality, but should be expelled from the country rather than jailed, their lawyer said Tuesday.
The 10 — from the United Kingdom, Canada, Norway, the Netherlands and New Zealand — were arrested last Thursday when police raided a party at a rented villa in the northwestern town of Siem Reap and found people "dancing pornographically" at an event organizers called a pub crawl. Siem Reap is near the famous Angkor Wat temple complex.
Lawyer Sourng Sophea said they did not know what conditions were like for their detained clients since they had not yet met them in jail. They face up to a year in prison if convicted, and if they go to trial, it would likely happen in the next few months. They said the families of some of the detainees have contacted them by phone from overseas, but none had come yet to visit.
Sourng Sophea said some of the photos posted by their clients showed them at a party, some drinking by a swimming pool and some of the women in bikinis, but none showed them having sex or exposing themselves. According to the law, they said, they should be deported or have their visas canceled, but should not be held in pretrial detention.
"I admit that they have done something wrong according to morality in Cambodian society, but their crimes did not warrant them being charged or put in jail," Sourng Sophea said by phone.
They said that when the 10 had been taken into custody but not yet charged, they sent a three -page note to the Siem Reap provincial police and prosecutors, asserting that they had not committed any serious wrongdoing, were innocent of producing pornography, and should be released, but was turned down.
#picklerick is here at #sfcc! #picklerickcosplay #rickmobile #rickandmorty #rickandmortycosplay #adultswim #cosplay #cosplayer #cosplaying A post shared by Pickle Rick (@doccanecosplay) on Sep 2, 2017 at 10:10am PDT
PICKLE RICK!!! (Rick and Morty) by Doc Cane Cosplay.
We're sharing Halloween costumes all month, like inexpensive DIY costumes and Pennywise from It. This next batch is for the binge watchers. Some of these would be easy to replicate, but for some, like the PICKLE RICK!!! above, we can't explain how the glory came to be. We're at a loss for words. You could even say we should just shut up and be impressed.
Clearly, some of this year's best picks are Rick And Morty costumes:
Mr. Poopybutthole (Rick and Morty) by Doc Cane Cosplay.
Noob-Noob (Rick and Morty) photographed by Ethan Trewhitt.
Birdperson (Rick and Morty) costume by melikebirds.
Mr. Meeseeks (Rick and Morty) photographed by Doc Cane Cosplay.
CONCORD, N.H. (AP) — New Hampshire has proclaimed a day in tribute to a local teacher who died in the NASA space shuttle Challenger disaster decades ago.
Republican Gov. Chris Sununu (soo-NOO'-noo) said Sunday would be known as Christa McAuliffe Day in honor of the Concord (KAHN'-kard) woman selected to become the first educator in space out of 11,000 applicants.
McAuliffe never made it to orbit because they and six crewmates were killed when the Challenger broke apart shortly after takeoff on Jan. 28, 1986.
McAuliffe would have been NASA's first designated teacher in space. They were going to experiment with fluids and demonstrate Newton's laws of motion for schoolchildren.
Astronauts Joe Acaba and Ricky Arnold recently said they will pay tribute to McAuliffe by carrying out their science classes on the International Space Station.
Transcript for Hawaii employee who sent false missile alert: 'I was 100 percent sure it was real'
On asserted morning. Came it's a work. 01 and two. Our team logged on for a logging on to are workstations. And we receive a call. Our supervisors aren't in the office at the time. So a call. This picked up by one of my coworkers. Soil here the the beginning of the message coming across because. What we're supposed to do was hit speakerphone on this on the line so everyone can hear the message. So. The the message the video message was lost. Sports exercise exercise applause. So. Within them that all the messages said this is not a troll. Then at the end noted here exercise either. And the message so it. It was 100% sure that it was real. And did put us trained to do spores. Make in this election to notify the public. Most of the time we knew ahead of time that that the review the natural when the phone rang I had my back to though the phone calls flying into my computer. And the protocol is that the person answering the call presses the speakerphone. Bond so everyone in the office can hear the message. That didn't happen so when let's look at the receiver. So the message beating a message was. Was not be able to hurt. And office. They put their use tear down so I heard. Muddled message. And the end of it. So this is not a troll and exercise wasn't so at all I didn't hear exercise. The word exercise from the message or my coworkers. Those commitments it was real house a 100% sure was real it was just. I did Barros trying to do and immediately afterwards. I was very emotional vote. What happened and just the system want my team has occurred in answering phone calls from the public phones are ringing off it was it was just a body blow for me it was very very difficult for emotional. I was. I felt terrible no call. What happened in. I just felt that the time. Who's doing what. Doing what was right don't allow trained to do when. But it was afterwards it was system. Is very tough no one asked me what my. About about it at all and ask me what happened. Until three days after. The fact when it went on as required to put. A written statement. Down from on my boss. So the whole day and no one asked me what happened. There relied on. Information from other people. I'm not the cut passed. To the media what's been. Utter hell list last few weeks. You know reading the newspapers. And seeing false information about their own. It's pretty it's very hurtful and and I feel a lot of guilt from. From what's happened. Last several weeks. And it's it's been tough because. I can't share without anyone. Don't feel alone about it. So from my family and I just so. Trying to have to put the truth out there. Instead of phone. What the has been put out there who just. These so false things have been said.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May said they will hold a vote in Parliament on Wednesday to call for a general election on June 8.
May made the announcement in brief remarks outside 10 Downing Street on Tuesday.
May replaced David Cameron when they resigned the day after they lost the Brexit referendum vote in June of last year.
This is a breaking news story. Please check back for updates.
Photo via Getty Images.
Here is a break with the British monarchy's stiff-upper-lip tradition, in the name of destigmatizating mental health struggles: Prince Harry has given an interview about their long-running emotional struggles in the wake of their mother's very public death, culminating in finally getting some help in their late 20s.
Advertisement
They spoke to the Telegraph, admitting, “I can safely say that losing my mom at the age of 12 and therefore shutting down all of my emotions for the last 20 years has had quite a serious effect on not only my personal life but also my work as well.” They explained:
“My way of dealing with it was sticking my head in the sand, refusing to ever think about my mum, because why would that help? “[I thought] it's only going to make you sad, it's not going to bring them back. “So from an emotional side, I was like ‘right, don't ever let your emotions be part of anything'. “So I was a typical 20, 25, 28-year-old running around going ‘life is great', or ‘life is fine' and that was exactly it. “And then [I] started to have a few conversations and actually all of a sudden, all of this grief that I have never processed started to come to the forefront and I was like, there is actually a lot of stuff here that I need to deal with.”
“I have probably been very close to a complete breakdown on numerous occasions when all sorts of grief and sort of lies and misconceptions and everything are coming to you from every angle,” they admitted, explaining that their brother finally convinced them they needed to speak to a professional.
Advertisement
The context for this is that the trio of young royals have made mental health, especially for young people, a major part of their philanthropic efforts. They said they wanted to make a difference while they and the rest of their generation of the family are “still interesting” to the public, which frankly shows more self-awareness than one would expect from a literal prince. Good for Harry.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — A growing Bushwick business means more traffic for the surrounding neighborhood, but residents say they've had enough of idling trucks and flour explosions from the nearby noodle and dumpling business.
The humdrum of engines on Bushwick Place has become the street version of nails on a chalkboard for those who live and work in the area.
“It's like every day, several times a day, day and night,” resident Agustin Hurtado tells CBS2's Valerie Castro.
The trucks have been making deliveries to a thriving noodle and dumpling business, punctuated by workers using hammers to knock flour loose inside their trailers.
“You have to cover your ears,” neighbor Ada Davila said. “Just want to walk in front of it, like this guy hammering, you know?”
The hose that delivers the flour has come loose on occasion, blanketing the street in white.
“One time they tried to clean it with water and it becomes glue and it was like, really a mess,” Hurtado said.
Frustrated neighbors have documented the street jammed up with trucks, leaving drivers stranded in their cars.
Pedro Hernandez says he's lived in the neighborhood for over 50 years.
“I remember this used to be a nice quiet neighborhood,” they said. “You could sleep at night, nowadays you can't.”
Others, like Vanessa Trost, work in a small office nearby.
“Inside of my office I sometimes can't have a phone conversation,” they said, adding them and their neighbors have tried unsuccessfully to talk to the company.
All they want, they say, is a compromise.
“We would like to find a solution so they can conduct their business, the families can live in peace and we can conduct our business,” they tell CBS2.
An attorney for the company sent a statement to CBS2, saying in part “We are committed to and will amicably resolve the issues, and look forward to working with the community to find the best results.”
Two people with direct knowledge of the situation have told the Associated Press that Buffalo Bills interim head Anthony Lynn is the clear favorite to take over the job permanently.
One person called Lynn's succession to replace Rex Ryan as being "the working plan." Another person said the final decision on general manager Doug Whaley's recommendation rest with owners Terry and Kim Pegula.
Both people spoke to the AP on the condition of anonymity on Sunday because the Bills have not revealed details of their coaching search.
Lynn is the Bills offensive coordinator. They were promoted to be the team's interim head coach after Ryan was fired on Tuesday. Lynn will be on the sideline on Sunday, when Buffalo (7-8) closes the season at the New York Jets (4-11).
A third person with direct knowledge of the discussions told The AP that former Jacksonville Jaguars coach Gus Bradley is a candidate to become the Bills defensive coordinator under Lynn. Bradley was fired by the Jaguars two weeks ago.
Oil and gasoline futures prices plunged after Russia and Saudi Arabia expressed interest in raising oil supply.
“This news couldn't come at a better time, as motorists roll into the summer driving season,” said Mark Jenkins, spokesperson for AAA. “The drop in crude should amount to a discount of at least 10 cents at the pump in the short term. Yet, that will not happen overnight. Retailers are usually slow to lower prices, especially those who bought shipments of gasoline when prices were at a premium.”
Gas prices in Tennessee increased 6 cents last week. The state average on Memorial Day was $2.73 – the most expensive for the holiday since 2014, when the average price was $3.45 per gallon.
Tennessee motorists paid 62 cents per gallon more than a year ago. It currently costs $41 to fill an average-size tank of gasoline – an increase of nearly $10.
The most expensive gas price averages in Tennessee were in Jackson at $2.77, Nashville at $2.76 and Knoxville at $2.72. The least expensive gas price averages in Tennessee were in Johnson City at $2.66, Chattanooga at $2.66 and Clarksville-Hopkinsville at $2.69.
Crude oil prices declined late in the week after Saudi Arabia and Russia discussed raising oil output by as much as nearly 1 million barrels per day. A decision is not expected until June 22-23. Saudi Arabia and Russia were part of a voluntary production cut agreement among both OPEC and non-OPEC oil-producing countries. The agreement called for a reduction of 1.8 million barrels per day in the market.
The effort to reduce the global oil glut and raise oil prices worked faster than expected. In fact, there are currently fears of a supply shortage, as Venezuela's oil market has collapsed and new sanctions against Iran will reduce its contributions to global supply.
Early last week, U.S. oil prices traded at 3.5-year highs of nearly $73 per barrel. On Friday, crude prices plunged below $68 – the lowest daily closing price in three weeks. Overnight, West Texas Intermediate crude oil fell to less than $67.
22:11 Reported News Briefs Sivan 20, 5777 , 14/06/17 Sivan 20, 5777 , 14/06/17 What options do American investors living abroad have? Read more Were You Asked to Transfer Your U.S. Brokerage Account? ► ◄ Last Briefs
In this new Daytime Tri-cities segment Chris wants to show off some little known locations in the area or “Hidden Gems”. This week they headed up Beech Mountain to Fred's General Mercantile to speak with owner Fred Pfohl about this unique mountain store!
Advertisement
Former Senator Ramon Revilla Jr. on Thursday encouraged Senator Leila De Lima to stay strong now that they are both detainees at the Philippine National Police Custodial Center.
Revilla attended the scheduled signing of the pre-trial order at the Sandiganbayan First Division, paving the way for the start of their trial on June 22.
READ: Napoles, Revilla to finally face trial for plunder
ADVERTISEMENT
While Revilla is detained for alleged plunder over the pork barrel scam, De Lima is detained on drug-related charges for allegedly raising campaign funds from the drug trade at the New Bilibid Prison when they were justice secretary.
“Pare-pareho na kaming prisoner ngayon ‘di ba. Dalangin ko sa kanya, pakatatag din siya,” Revilla said.
(We are both prisoners now. I pray that they also become strong.)
At least now, De Lima also feels the difficulties of being in detention as they face trial, Revilla said.
It was during De Lima's stint as justice secretary when Revilla and two other former senators, Jinggoy Estrada and Juan Ponce Enrile, were investigated by the Department of Justice and the National Bureau of Investigation for their alleged involvement in the pork barrel scam.
“At least ngayon naramdaman niya kung ano yung naranasan naming hirap. Siya nagpakulong sa amin ‘di ba,” Revilla said.
(At least now they also feel the difficulties we underwent. They were responsible for our being in detention, after all.)
Revilla said they could only hope they and De Lima will be able to surpass their legal adversities.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Sana malagpasan ng bawat isa sa amin kung ano yung hinaharap namin ngayon,” Revilla said.
(I hope we can both surpass the difficulties we are facing now.)
A vocal critic of President Rodrigo Duterte, De Lima was detained for their purported involvement in the Bilibid drug trade as alleged against them by the president himself.
De Lima has branded themselves a political prisoner, although they were also criticized of using their position to persecute the former administration's rivals in the pork barrel scam investigation.
Revilla on Thursday signed the pre-trial order, paving the way for the court to proceed with the full-blown trial for plunder of Revilla and the accused scam mastermind Janet Lim-Napoles.
Revilla surrendered and was detained at the Philippine National Police Custodial Center in 2014 for plunder charges.
Based on the case, Revilla allegedly pocketed P224.5 million in kickbacks from their Priority Development Assistance Funds (PDAF) in a scheme reportedly orchestrated by Napoles to use pork barrel fund in ghost projects.
Also detained for plunder is Revilla's colleague, former senator Jinggoy Estrada, who was denied bail while accused of pocketing P183.7-million kickbacks. Former senator Juan Ponce Enrile, now out on bail, is accused of receiving P172.8-million kickbacks.
Napoles meanwhile, is detained at Camp Bagong Diwa in Taguig.
The senators' plunder and graft charges were filed with the Sandiganbayan by the Ombudsman's Office of the Special Prosecutor in June 2014. It was only this year when the plunder cases reached the trial stage. JPV/rga
Granbury Pirates claimed the victory slot at their home event, the Van Griffith Kia Basketball Tournament, Saturday afternoon at the James Wann Sports Center. Pirates posed with the championship trophy after their 63-55 win over Waco University High School. Granbury is now 11-2 on the season. They'll begin district play with a home game against Burleson High School on Friday. Mary Vinson/Hood County News
Getty Image
The New England Patriots‘ strange offseason saw one storyline reach its conclusion on Tuesday evening. The team had been in a state of limbo with the future of star tight end Rob Gronkowski, who had not confirmed whether he'd play next season or decide to retire from the NFL.
There were indications that WWE might be interested in acquiring their services if they called it a career, but if their future is indeed in professional wrestling, Vince McMahon will have to wait. Gronkowski announced on Instagram that they will indeed suit up for the Patriots next year, saying that they informed the team and Bill Belichick on Tuesday of their decision.
Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu on Wednesday night issued a speedy recovery to the victims of the shooting in Virginia.
"On behalf of the Government and people of Israel, I send our heartfelt wishes for a full and speedy recovery to Congressman Steve Scalise and the other victims of today's tragic shooting attack in Virginia. We stand with the victims, their families and the American people on this difficult day," they said in a statement.
STANDING naked in front of a camera is not typically where most WA farmers find themselves in their comfort zone.
But that didn't stop more than 20 men and women from the State's agricultural industry baring it all last week, as they joined The Naked Farmer on its mission to spread awareness about the importance of rural mental health.
Growers from Dumbleyung and Mullewa were among those to get their gear off as they joined the popular social media project for the 2018 The Naked Farmer Aussie Farm Tour.
Since its establishment just over a year ago by Victorian grower Ben Brooksby, The Naked Farmer has proven itself a social media success, building an online following close to 100,000 on platforms Instagram, Facebook and Twitter.
As its name suggests, The Naked Farmer's popularity is driven by photos shared of everyday farmers – male and female – performing regular on-farm tasks without their clothes on.
Mr Brooksby said the concept for the social media page began after a light-hearted post of themselves nude in a truck full of lentils gained plenty of online traction and evolved into something more meaningful.
“The idea behind it was showcasing farmers from around Australia and the world to educate people in non-rural areas about where our food and fibre comes from,” Mr Brooksby said.
“Social media is everywhere, so you can connect with people in those remote areas because they are on Instagram or Facebook.
“People scroll through Instagram and Facebook and if you see a photo of a tractor you might just keep scrolling, but if you see a naked person in front of it, you're going to read what the caption says so it's a perfect opportunity to educate people.”
After a few months online and a steady growth in popularity, Mr Brooksby decided to use The Naked Farmer's profile to raise awareness of mental health – an issue affecting many regional and agricultural communities.
According to a 2013 study by Melbourne University researchers, global suicide rates for agricultural workers were 1.6 times higher than the average for all employed people.
Change text size for the story
Niagara Regional Police are searching for a suspect after a Thorold convenience store was robbed late Friday.
Police say the robbery occurred at 11:43 p.m., Friday, at Circle K convenience store, 207 Keefer Rd.
No one was injured in the incident.
The suspect is described as a white male, about 6' tall with a thin build, wearing a black mask, black pants and a black hooded sweatshirt with white lettering.
Anyone with information is asked to call police at 905-688-4111, ext. 4358.
Following the U.S. military's use of the so-called “Mother of All Bombs” (or MOAB) in Afghanistan last week, Fox & Friends played surveillance video of the strike with a soundtrack by country singer Toby Keith. Needless to say, the patriotic flourish didn't sit well with many — including Last Week Tonight host John Oliver, who dedicated a moment of Sunday's episode to the Fox News segment. What Oliver was specially interested in, however, was network personality Geraldo Rivera, who praised the MOAB's use incessantly throughout the Fox & Friends clip.
“[Trump] is a man who responds to praise, and yet again, he's being praised for this,” Oliver noted before replaying the segment. Toward the very end of the selection, Rivera delivered this rather unsettling bit of station flag-waving: “One of my favorite things in the sixteen years I've been here at Fox News is watching bombs drop on bad guys.” Needless to say, Oliver had a very strong opinion about Rivera's comment:
“That's a coincidence because one of my favorite things in four seasons of this show is getting to look directly into the camera and say, ‘F*ck you Geraldo! I hope your mustache gets caught in a box fan.' Oh, that felt amazing! That felt absolutely amazing.”
The Last Week Tonight host also had plenty to say about Rivera's followup, which included their suggestion that ISIS now viewed Trump as a bully — much like their high school bully, “a guy named Richie.” Basically, the Fox News pundit claimed “that they think Donald Trump is like Richie from my high school. I want the bad guys to think that they can do anything to them at any moment. I think that that has a positive impact.”
A spokesperson for the family of a Papuan teenager who died after 24 hours in Indonesian police custody says the 17-year-old had multiple bruises and injuries, and that it doesn't accept the explanation they died of alcohol poisoning.
Rico Ayomi died March 13 just hours after police returned them to their family after holding them in custody for alleged theft. According to police, they had rescued them from an angry mob in the coastal West Papua city of Sorong.
A photo released by police showed the dead teenager with a container of 70 percent alcohol placed beside him.
The leader of the Sorong Youth and Student Association, Simon Soren, who is representing Ayomi's family, said police officers returned Ayomi to their family home unable to stand or speak.
WWE.com
It's Hell Week here at With Spandex, and we're bringing you caged content every day as a build to the pay-per-view event named after a match that's just like a cage match, but with more cage. We plan on surrounding you with Hell in a Cell-themed content, much like the 25-foot-tall structure that surrounds the ring and ringside area. Enjoy!
Monday: 5 Feuds That Would Have Been Great Inside Hell in a Cell
Tuesday: The WWE Legends Who Should Have Had A Hell In A Cell Match And Never Did
Wednesday: Bygone WWE Hell in a Cell Match Variations That Need To Make A Comeback
Thursday: Hell in a Cell prediction and Analysis
When WWE first introduced Hell in a Cell in 1997, it was clearly heightening the traditional cage match which, in turn, heightened a regular wrestling match. WCW attempted to heighten Hell in a Cell with the Triple Cage Match in 2000 which was, technically, heightening, though it hasn't aged well.
The Triple Cage Match was essentially Hell in a Cell at the bottom with a ladder that was used to get to the second cage which was a regular cage match (I guess?), then you had to get out of that to go to the last cage which had a bunch of weapons so it was like a hardcore match (??). Those WWE fan marketing surveys they send out has never asked us if we missed the Triple Cage Match because, well, we don't.
Vibe Element rotomolded coolers are some of the most durable coolers produced, at very competitive prices. Vibe coolers can keep ice for days and are available in 20, 45 and 75 quart capacities. Choose your color of either Alpine Gray or Hunter Camo. Features include pressure-release button, heavy-duty handle and built-in bottle opener. You can purchase accessories such as dividers, baskets and cup holders.
You can pick one up at Jack's Kayaks. 1764 Missouri Ave. N. Largo, FL. 33770. 727-452-4684.
Jonny Evans is a self-admitted Apple Holic who lives in the UK and writes terrific analysis of Apple for Computerworld. They have a lot to say, and so they also have their own blog called Apple Must. Jonny is one of the most insightful technical journalists to cover Apple. Their articles are always compelling and well researched. Amazingly, Jonny started off as road crew for rock & rolls bands. Pretty soon they were organizing and promoting events. The leaflets got more and more sophisticated, and that led them to realize their passion for writing. One day, a writing job opening at Macworld UK appeared, and they landed the gig. In the second segment we covered everything Apple, and Jonny's informed perspectives really came out. You'll want to hear what they have to say.
TMO Background Mode Interview with Computerworld Apple Holic Jonny Evans is a self-admitted Apple Holic who lives in the UK and writes terrific analysis of Apple for Computerworld. They have a lot to...
SAUGATUCK, Mich. (AP) — Michael Ryder had been approved for $360 every week in Michigan unemployment benefits — until the state learned he'd been dogging it at the Detroit-area restaurant chain where they supposedly worked.
Ryder is a German Shepherd owned by attorney Michael Haddock on the other side of the state in Saugatuck.
WZZM-TV reports that Haddock received a benefits letter addressed to "Michael Ryder" from Michigan's Unemployment Insurance Agency. The station says Haddock contacted the agency about the letter.
The agency says its computer system sent the letter, but the claim later was flagged as suspicious and denied.
Investigations administrator Tim Kolar wrote in a tongue-in-cheek email that they know "first-hand it is rare for 'man's best friend' to contribute financially to the household and that will continue in this instance."
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Between Don Lemon's on-air theatrics at CNN and Mariah Carey's trainwreck of a performance on ABC's Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve, 2017's celebrations were already off to a pretty weird start. The word “weird” may also apply to the night Texas State Rep. Armando Martinez (D-Weslaco) had just north of the U.S.-Mexico border, though “shocking,” “horrific,” and “miraculous” work just as well. That's because Martinez was struck in the head by a random bullet fragment.
Martinez, who spoke with CNN on Monday, said he'd just kissed their wife at midnight and had stepped outside of their Weslaco home when the stray bullet hit. “It felt like a sledgehammer hit me over the head,” they explained. Doctors later told them the fragment had only punctured the top of their head, causing mostly surface damage but thankfully not penetrating any further:
Martinez, 40, was transferred to the neurosurgical unit at Valley Baptist Medical Center in Harlingen, where surgeons removed the bullet fragment. The fragment had penetrated their skull and lodged itself into the dura mater, the top layer of the brain, doctors told Martinez. The fragment appears to be from a .223 caliber round, said Martinez, who spoke to CNN by phone on Sunday while recovering at the hospital. “Had it gone any further, I don't think we would be having this conversation,” Martinez said.
Hidalgo County Sheriff Eddie Guerra and their office suspect Martinez “was hit by a stray bullet,” thought as department spokesperson JP Rodriguez noted, “there is no evidence to indicate they were targeted.”
(Via CNN)
This last day of winter looks more like the first of spring in Yountville, Napa County. Despite blue skies, green grass, bud breaking grapes, and bright yellow blooming mustard grass, it has the feeling of a wake.Instead, they will be calling it a 'Celebration of Life" inside the Lincoln Theater at the Veterans Home of California. A memorial begins at 6pm tonight for Dr. Jennifer Golick, Dr. Jennifer Gonzales Sushereba, and Christine Lober.All three worked with PTSD veterans at Pathway Home on campus. They died March 9th when Army Veteran and former patient Albert Wong entered the facility, shot them, and then turned the weapon on himself."We've been in a fog ever since," said Jim Looney, an army veteran who lives in a building fifty yards away from where the shootings took place. They and their fellow residents spent all of March 9th watching through a window. Looney knew the victims by sight, not name, but describes the loss as being profound. "We're still numb. It's hard to believe, even now. This is our home, after all."Tonight's memorial will be open to the public. The auditorium holds 12-hundred people. Organizers expect an overflow crowd. They have set up secondary viewing locations that include the Yountville Community Center.Larry Kamer's wife was inside Pathway Home. They were fortunate because Wong allowed them to leave. Today, Kamer helped organize the memorial. "Hopefully people will walk away with a sense of what special women these three were. I hope they will have a special appreciation for mental health, and those who work with vets."
Mount Airy Library is kicking off Children's Book Week, April 30–May 4, with a Fairytale Festival Saturday on the lawn between Main Street and the library.
“It's never been done,” said Angela Llewellyn, assistant librarian, as they were going over the final plans for the event.
The event is scheduled from 10 a.m. until 5 p.m. but Llewellyn suggests, “If you want to get the most out of the day, come before 3, but the stories will continue as long as someone is here until 5.”
The event will be a fundraiser for the library in that vendors have made donations to reserve their spaces, and those funds will be used to fund library programming. The festival will be free to participants unless they do some shopping with vendors, according to Llewellyn.
The library's teen theater troupe, the Dewey Decimal Players, will be presenting snippets of their spring play, “Nearly Grimm Tales,” throughout the day as teaser-trailers for the play which will be presented as part of National Book Week on Monday, April 30, and Tuesday, May 1, at 6:30 p.m.
The play, written by Llewellyn several years ago, is a hodgepodge of assorted fairy tales and stories all jumbled together and has been keeping the cast in stitches as they rehearse it.
“The kids can't get through the play without laughing at each other,” said Llewellyn. “Our next rehearsal they're going to have to learn to wait for laughs.”
Llewellyn said when the play was performed previously, they had to play a few parts to fill out the cast, but this time more kids showed up to audition than there were roles for them to play, so they had to write some extra interlude scenes to accommodate the additional actors.
Music performances for the festival will start with Candelfirth, a traditional music group from Pilot Mountain who play a wide assortment of instruments, including a harp, world instruments, recorder, flute and lots of string instruments. Jacki Spector will perform kid's songs on guitar and do sing-alongs in the afternoon.
There will be storytellers throughout the day. Jane Tesh, a retired librarian, will be telling stories along with Wendy Tatman, appearing at noon.
Author Cindy Hollingsworth will read from their “Westie Tales” series, and author Sharon Chriscoe will read their new book, “Fire Truck Dreams.”
“OUR Light Group,” which is made up of homeschoolers, will perform a play, “Modern Mother Goose” at 10:30 a.m. Cindy Joyce's little girl's dance troupe will perform a princess dance at noon, and 1 p.m. will bring a book character costume contest. Children are requested to dress as their favorite book character for the contest.
A book character tea party will provide children an opportunity to take tea (and cookies) with their favorite book characters.
Vendors at the event will include Cindy Hollingsworth's Dance Troupe; Sherry Clodfelter with handmade jewelry; Amanda Pennix doing fairy tale tinsel hair extensions; Maria Saldarriaga, a Surry Community College librarian appearing as Face Painting Maria; Julie Henne of Indulge Soapery; Julie Pratt's Celestial Ice Shack, a traveling sno-cone experience; Kindness Rocks — Vincent's Legacy, selling merchandise and allowing kids to paint kindness rocks; and a special Friends of the Library book sale.
The Friends are also providing a Bouncy Castle.
An Imagination Station will provide supplies and materials for youth to be able to express themselves with art and craft projects.
“We're putting out glue, chalk, construction paper and art supplies and letting them go to town,” said Llewellyn.
A Let's Pretend Village will have a series of little tents; a store, a house, a pirate ship and a rocket ship where kids can act out their own stories.
“Even if it rains, we'll do it,” said Llewellyn, who has mapped out a plan for moving the festival inside into different areas of the library in the case of foul weather. “Except the Bouncy Castle. We can't get it inside,” they smile as they turn to discuss last-minute details with the bouncy castle man.
Angela Llewellyn lines up craft materials and fairy tale books for the Imagination Station at Mount Airy Public Library's first-ever Fairytale Festival on Saturday. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/web1_IMG_8187.jpg Angela Llewellyn lines up craft materials and fairy tale books for the Imagination Station at Mount Airy Public Library's first-ever Fairytale Festival on Saturday. Bill Colvard | The News
By Bill Colvard bcolvard@MtAiryNews.com
Reach Bill Colvard at 336-415-4699.
Reach Bill Colvard at 336-415-4699.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – Cooling off at a New York City park or beach may soon be B.Y.O.B.
Two New York City Council members are proposing to ban the sale of single use water bottles at parks, beaches and other city owned properties. A further measure would ban the sale of any drink that comes in a plastic bottle, including juice and soda.
People would still be allowed to bring their own plastic bottles to those places, but wouldn't be allowed to buy them there.
The measure would also provide for filling stations at parks and beaches, so people could fill up reusable bottles at those locations.
The measure is backed by Councilmembers Rafael Espinal and Ben Kallos.
It's part of a broader move against plastic waste.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo recently proposed legislation banning most single use plastic grocery bags in New York.
Last year, the City Council considered a 5 cent fee on plastic bags at grocery stores, but Cuomo killed the measure, calling it “deeply flawed.”
One of the most impressive magicians on the circuit currently will seek to entertain audiences at the Leighton Buzzard Library Theatre next month.
Sixth Sense by Luke Jermay can be seen at the venue on Friday, December 1, and they claim to be able to read your mind.
They don't use mind games or psychological tricks; they are not a trickster, there are no smoke and mirrors. They can simply read your mind.
Their awe inspiring intuitive abilities have gained them high profile fans such as Derren Brown, Dynamo and Uri Geller, who all agree Jermay is astonishing.
Luke Jermay's Sixth Sense has gained critical acclaim with five-star reviews from Edinburgh to London's West End.
Organisers say they know your past, present and future, sometimes better than you do.
From your favourite schoolteacher, childhood pet even the colour of your underwear, Jermay impossibly knows all, sees all and tells (almost) all in an expert display of telepathy developed to amazing razor sharp accuracy.
Tickets cost £12 for adults and £10 for concessions excluding booking fees. The show starts at 7.30pm.
For further information or to book tickets call the box office on 0300 300 8125 or visit www.leightonbuzzardlibrarytheatre.co.uk.
To find out more about Luke including clips of some of their previous shows visit www.jermay.com.
DAGUPAN CITY — Police on Thursday arrested six suspected members of a criminal gang during a raid at a residential compound in Balungao town, Pangasinan province.
Efren Urmita, Midi Lilagan, Joel Lilagan, Christopher Oria, Julito Asuncion and Wilson Gaon were caught in possession of an M16 Armalite rifle, two 9-mm Beretta pistols, five .45 caliber pistols, a .38 caliber pistol, a .22 caliber pistol, a rifle grenade and assorted bullets, according to Senior Supt. Ronald Oliver Lee, Pangasinan police director.
A seventh suspect, Gerry Lilagan, was not in their house at the time of the police operation. JE/rga
TORONTO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Roku, Inc.(NASDAQ: ROKU) today announced the arrival of the Roku® Streaming Stick+ in Canada, the first Roku streaming stick capable of streaming HD, 4K and 4K HDR. The Roku Streaming Stick+ is small, powerful and portable for those who are on the move or want their streaming player hidden behind their TV.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006002/en/
Roku Streaming Stick+ Canadian Version (Photo: Business Wire)
The Roku Streaming Stick+ features a quad-core processor and delivers exceptional wireless performance with its advanced wireless receiver that is innovatively built into the power cord. This innovation offers up to four times the wireless range to minimize buffering. It comes with a remote control that includes TV power and volume buttons that can control compatible TV models, eliminating the need to use a TV remote for these functions.
“The Roku Streaming Stick+ is the best streaming stick we have ever made,” said Chas Smith, general manager of Roku TV and Players. “It is packed with power, and features a remote that controls both TV volume and power. It also includes voice search on the remote for consumers to quickly discover new entertainment to watch.”
As with other Roku streaming devices, the Roku Streaming Stick+ works with the free Roku mobile app, available for iOS® and Android™, which acts as a remote, plays personal video, music or photos from a mobile device on the TV, includes a keyboard and offers features like voice search and private listening. Roku OS 8.1 will soon enable private listening for up to four devices concurrently for Roku players and Roku TVs.
Roku devices are powered by the Roku OS and feature a simple home screen with access to 5,000+ streaming channels, including 150,000 movies and TV episodes in Canada. Roku Search enables consumers to discover new entertainment across top streaming channels. Search a movie, TV show, actor or director and the Roku OS will display where content is available and serve results in order of price.
Availability and Pricing
The Roku Streaming Stick+ is expected to be available from Walmart and other retailers starting in May. The Roku Streaming Stick+ will be available for a suggested retail price of CAD 89,99. The multi-user private listening feature will be available for Roku players and Roku TV™ models and is expected to roll out in May.
About Roku, Inc.
Roku pioneered streaming to the TV. We connect users to the streaming content they love, enable content publishers to build and monetize large audiences, and provide advertisers with unique capabilities to engage consumers. Roku streaming players and Roku TV models are available around the world through direct retail sales and licensing arrangements with TV OEMs and service operators. The company was founded by Anthony Wood, inventor of the DVR. Roku is headquartered in Los Gatos, Calif. U.S.A.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Roku Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains “forward-looking” statements that are based on our beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to us on the date of this press release. Forward-looking statements may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to the timing and availability of the Roku Streaming Stick+ and future software releases. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. Important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are detailed from time to time in the reports Roku, Inc. files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Form 10-K for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2017. Copies of reports filed with the SEC are posted on Roku's website and are available from Roku without charge.
Roku, Roku TV and Streaming Stick are registered trademarks of Roku, Inc. in the U.S. and in other countries.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006002/en/
CONTACT: Roku, Inc.
Mike Duin
mduin@roku.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CANADA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: OTHER CONSUMER ENTERTAINMENT TV AND RADIO TECHNOLOGY CONSUMER ELECTRONICS HARDWARE SOFTWARE FILM & MOTION PICTURES MOBILE/WIRELESS RETAIL MOBILE ENTERTAINMENT ONLINE OTHER RETAIL CONSUMER
SOURCE: Roku, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 10:21 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 10:21 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006002/en
Roughly half of Israeli high school students drink alcohol regularly, a new study shows, while one in eight smokes cigarettes.
The Health Ministry publicized the survey of alcohol consumption and smoking among Israeli youth at a hearing of the Knesset Special Committee on Drug and Alcohol Abuse on Monday, revealing the worrisome statistics.
According to the study, 5.0% of boys in middle school regularly smoke tobacco products, while 2.3% of girls do the same. Broken down by type, 2.3% of male students say they regularly smoke cigarettes, while 3.6% say they regularly use nargilas.
Among female students, 1.0% say they regularly smoke cigarettes, while 1.8% use nargilas.
In Israeli high schools, the problem is far more severe, with 23.3% of male students smoking tobacco, compared to 10.6% of female students. Thirteen percent of male high schoolers say they regularly smoke cigarettes, while 17.1% say they use nargilas. Among female students, 5.0% say they smoke cigarettes, while 8.4% reported using nargilas on a regular basis.
The most worrying figures, however, related to the consumption of alcohol, with 65% of male Jewish high school students reporting that they drink, along with 47% of female Jewish high school students.
It should be noted that unlike in most states in the US, the legal age for purchasing and consuming alcohol is 18. In addition, while high school typically spans four years in the US, from grades 9-12, in Israel only grades 10 through 12 are included in high school, with 9th grade being part of middle school.
After suffering a pair of double-digit defeats without Lonzo Ball, the Los Angeles Lakers got back on their feet with a 102-99 win over the Brooklyn Nets on Friday night.
How did the Purple and Gold get one over on D'Angelo Russell's new team (and Brook Lopez's old one) at the Barclays Center? Let “Hollywood Hoops” co-hosts Eric Pincus and Josh Martin explain in their latest “Laidback Reaction” presented by Highfive.
By Benjamin Block
» More Columns
Stewart Hagestad's response to how he's handling the lead up to the 117th U.S. Open unintentionally trailed off into a neatly generic answer ending in, “and I just try and focus on the things that I can control,” at which point the articulate 26-year-old immediately scoffed, acknowledging their canned gaffe, and lowered their guard.
“I'm trying to talk myself into believing it, and that's just the best way I know to prepare,” a backtracking Hagestad told WFAN.com.
The 6-foot-5 wiry American, who tees off at 7:29 a.m. Thursday (local time), will be playing as an amateur in their second major of 2017, and their first-ever U.S. Open.
Despite earning the distinguished honor of low amateur at this year's Masters, and regardless of their outcome at Erin Hills this week, they continued to shoot down any grumblings of turning pro, at least in the near future.
“I love golf and I love competitive golf, but I don't want my entire life to revolve around that,” said Hagestad, a financial analyst who plans to pursue their MBA. Although they did surrender to the idea of life as a professional, saying “I feel like it'd be fun for two or three years.”
MORE: Liguori: ‘Rough' U.S. Open Challenges Await Golf's Best At Erin Hills
The Newport Beach, California, native conceded that they intend to put the clubs away and relax following the Walker Cup in September and Mid-Amateur championships in October.
Hagestad has left nothing to interpretation about their aspirations and goals and how they go far beyond well-struck drives, magical sand saves and tournament-clinching putts. Yet, fully invested in being the best golfer they can be right now, they didn't mince words about the sometimes unfair stigma associated with amateurs competing amongst tour professionals.
“Amateurs hit it north of 300 yards and chip and putt it like tour pros,” snapped the reigning Mid-Amateur champion.
“All those guys have shot in the low 60s before and they shoot in the 60s on a routine basis. The ball doesn't know who you are,” they added.
Someone who knows Hagestad well and knew of their dreams outside of the sport is USC men's golf coach Chris Zambri.
“Stewart's always been interesting to me as a golfer because early at their time at USC they made a decision that they didn't really want to be a professional golfer, which was definitely a unique stance for a player on our team,” recalled Zambri.
Struggling to find the right words to explain Hagestad's rise since their college days, Zambri spoke about a “half-in, half-out” Hagestad when it came to the team. Zambri described Hagestad as someone who “had a lot of interests outside of golf” and as a player that didn't have a “normal existence within the team,” but the former coach couldn't be prouder now.
“I'm probably getting past the point of kind of being surprised by them doing good things because it's become pretty apparent that he's just really, really good,” Zambri said, adding, “What he's doing is so cool.”
For Hagestad — whose country club exterior, complete with the preppy look, is packaged in a blue-collar work ethic — everything stems from a tight-knit supportive family.
“My mom told me pretty early on that if I want anything bad enough, anything's achievable,” remarked Hagestad. Praising both their parents for allowing them and their siblings the opportunity to succeed in life, Hagestad, the oldest of four, humbly claimed, “I'm by far the least impressive sibling of all the kids.”
Younger brother Richard is a walk-on, redshirt first-year student safety for the storied USC Trojans football team and maintains a GPA average just north of 3.5.
But this week, the focus in the Hagestad household rests squarely on Stewart, who explained how he'll look to their experience at Augusta National to quell any jitters.
“Obviously, having the Masters under my belt and looking back on that experience, I'm a little better prepared versus a couple months ago, but at the same time, I'm sure that I'll be super nervous, excited and anxious all at the same time, and adrenaline will be going,” Hagestad said.
U.S. Opens historically reward good ball strikers who keep it in play and putt very well, all of which are aspects that depict Hagestad's game and strengths. And Zambri likes how their former player's game fits the challenging Erin Hills course.
“The way he's been playing quite frankly for a while now, but especially in the last 10 months, I don't see why they can't go there and play well,” Zambri said.
But no matter how well Hagestad plays, an announcement to turn pro will not be forthcoming from this amateur.
Follow Benjamin on Twitter at @benjaminblock21
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
It should be obvious by now, but Logic cares very deeply about making music with messages (even if their execution often undershoots their ambition). That's the gist of the new profile mini-documentary about the rapper from CBS Sunday Morning hosted by Jane Pauley. Of course, the primary focus is the absolutely unreal success of Logic's “1-800-273-8255” suicide prevention single, which has now gone triple platinum.
Pauley covers the song's success from the record-setting MTV VMA performance which prompted a 50% traffic increase to the titular hotline and asks Logic whether they had ever experienced suicidal thoughts himself. After they respond in the negative, they wonder why they felt it so important to address the subject. Logic replies that it was prompted by their fans' messages of support and thanks that propelled them to write “1-800-273-8255.” “They said, ‘you changed my life,'” they share, “I thought to myself how I wasn't even trying to do that. If you're telling me that, could you imagine what I could do if I tried to save somebody's life.”
Logic's personal challenge to themselves has garnered them a Grammy nomination for Song Of The Year as well as a No. 1 debut for their third studio album, Everybody.
FLINT, Mich. (AP) — Robert Skidmore was born in Flint, raised a family there and lived their entire life in and around the blue collar town that — next to Detroit — was synonymous with manufacturing of cars and trucks.
But their December 2015 death has been blamed on Legionnaires' disease and linked to a tainted water crisis that on Wednesday led to involuntary manslaughter and other charges against five officials, including the director of Michigan's Health and Human Services department.
Skidmore, 85, was one of 12 people to die from the disease and nearly 100 cases of people being sickened from it.
"Everybody was pretty upset, rightfully, finding out this could be the reason that they died," grandson Craig Skidmore of the Legionnaires' revelations. "It definitely didn't set well with us."
Wednesday's charges are part of the criminal investigation into how Flint's water system became poisoned after officials tapped the Flint River in 2014.
Nick Lyon, 48, is accused of failing to alert the majority-black population about an outbreak of Legionnaires' disease in the Flint area, which has been linked by some experts to poor water quality in 2014-15.
An involuntary manslaughter conviction carries up to 15 years in prison.
Lyon also is charged with misconduct in office for allegedly obstructing university researchers who are studying if the surge in cases was linked to the Flint River.
The others charged with involuntary manslaughter were already facing other accusations. They are: Darnell Earley, who was Flint's emergency manager when the city used the river; Howard Croft, who ran Flint's public works department; Liane Shekter Smith; and Stephen Busch. Shekter Smith and Busch were state environmental regulators.
Prosecutors also brought charges against the state's chief medical officer, Dr. Eden Wells, 54, who is accused of obstruction of justice and lying to an investigator.
Flint began using water from the Flint River while under state emergency management, but did not treat it to reduce corrosion. Toxic lead from old plumbing leached into the water system, causing elevated levels in children and leaving residents to drink and bathe with bottled or filtered water.
Some experts also have linked the water to Legionnaires' disease, a type of pneumonia caused by bacteria that thrive in warm water and infect the lungs. People can get sick if they inhale mist or vapor, typically from cooling systems.
Robert Skidmore was admitted to a hospital in June 2015 with symptoms consistent with pneumonia. They died at home six months later.
Flint's failing economy, the water crisis and other problems troubled Robert Skidmore, an avid hunter, according to Craig Skidmore, 29, who lives in nearby Burton.
Their grandfather would bemoan "how Flint changed for the worst from when they were growing up and raising their family," Craig Skidmore told The Associated Press.
Robert Skidmore retired in 1987 after 37 years at General Motors Fisher Body plant. They would spend much of their free time at the family's cabin "up north" in the tiny community of Lake George in Clare County.
"I think if they had their way they would have moved up north, but my grandma was a people person and everyone was in Flint. They didn't want to take them away from that."
Craig Skidmore said the family would have dinner at their grandparent's home almost every Sunday until their grandmother died in June 2015.
Defense attorneys for the six officials spoke out against the charges.
"The true facts simply do not support the prosecution's claims," said Chip Chamberlain and Larry Willey who are representing Lyon.
Convincing a jury that the officials' failure to disclose the risk of Legionnaires' disease caused a death would be difficult, Wayne State University law professor Peter Henning said.
"This case is going to become a battle of the experts, something we don't usually see in a homicide or manslaughter prosecution," Henning said. "This is a tough case for the attorney general. They can get a conviction but it's not going to be easy."
The Michigan Civil Rights Commission issued a report in February blaming "systemic racism" going back decades for the problems that caused the water crisis in Flint.
___
Associated Press writers John Flesher in Traverse City and Ed White and Corey Williams in Detroit contributed to this report.
