AL GOP Representatives Safe After Baseball Practice Shooting
by Rashad Snell
Two Alabama representatives are safe after a gunman opened fire on members of congress during practice for a charity baseball game in a Washington suburb.
Reps. Mo Brooks and Rep. Gary Palmer were both at the practice Wednesday morning in Virginia. Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana was hospitalized.
Palmer wrote on their Twitter, “I was on the field 20 yards away from the shooter. I am okay. Please join me in praying for SteveScalise and the others who were injured.”
A spokesperson for Palmer says they injured their leg fleeing the gunfire but was not shot.
Brooks, who gave first aid at the scene, wrote on Twitter, “Praying for those injured at this morning's practice. I'm especially thankful to the US Capitol Police who risked their lived to protect us.”
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
WASHINGTON (AP) — White House says President Trump has signed an executive order to keep Guantanamo Bay prison open.
KORONADAL CITY, South Cotabato—The communist New Peoples' Army (NPA) operating in southern Mindanao on Wednesday released proof of life of two soldiers who were seized in Columbio, Sultan Kudarat.
The NPA's Valentin Palamine Regional Operations Command-Far South Mindanao, in a statement signed by its spokesperson, “Ka Dencio Madrigal,” assured the military and the soldiers' families they are being treated well in the hinterlands of Mindanao.
The proof of life came in two separate audio-videos with Pfc. Samuel Garay speaking for a minute and a half, and Sgt. Solaiman Calocop who spoke for 1:21. Both were considered “prisoners of war (POWs)” by the NPA's Mt. Alip Sub-regional operations command.
ADVERTISEMENT
In the video, Calocop and Garay, both of 39th Infantry Battalion, assured their families that they were being treated well by their NPA custodial unit
Madrigal said the NPA has been giving the captives lenient treatment but calls for an end to military operations in Sultan Kudarat in the guise of pursuing peace through peace and development outreach program, making peasants and indigenous peoples communities as military garrison.
Calocop appealed to their battalion commander to cease its military operations in Sultan Kudarat.
“I appeal to our President (Rodrigo) Duterte to help us be reunited with our families,” Garay said. “To my family don't worry we are treated well,” they added in the Cebuano.
Garay and Calocop were on board a motorbike heading to a detachment in Columbio, Sultan Kudarat when abducted by NPA rebels on February 1, hours after the communist movement declared it was cancelling its unilateral ceasefire with the government 10 days after.
READ: NPA rebels abduct 2 soldiers in Sultan Kudarat — police
On the day the proof of life was issued by the NPA, Jessa Mae Garay and Normalia Calocop, the soldiers' spouses, separately appealed for their immediate and unconditional release.
“Please let me talk to my husband even for a minute to prove they are still alive,” Normalia, a Maguindanaon, appealed to their husband's captors in a radio interview.
Calocop, also said in the video that their captors respect their religion by allowing them to pray five times a day.
Three-month pregnant Jessa Mae has appealed to their husband's captors to free them so they can be with their baby soon.
Glen Rose High School students meet in the cafeteria for orientation on the first day of school, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
BEIJING (AP) — China has criticized proposed U.S. investment controls as a violation of global trade rules and says it reserves the right to retaliate if they take effect.
The Commerce Ministry's comment Thursday came as the two sides prepared for weekend talks in Beijing on American complaints about China's trade surplus and Beijing's promise to buy more American goods.
A ministry spokesperson, Gao Feng, said the White House proposal to restrict Chinese investment in the United States violates the "rules and basic spirit" of the World Trade Organization.
Gao said, "The Chinese side will carefully evaluate the U.S. measures and reserves the right to take corresponding measures."
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the “activate now” button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
Spoilers for the series finale of “The Americans” follow.
FX's “The Americans” is the kind of show I think of as a “pause-buttoner.” You watch with one thumb on the remote, hitting pause every so often because — ugh — the tension. The dread. You just need a moment.
Wednesday's devastating series finale — dryly named “START,” for the 1980s arms talks — gave my pause button a workout. This despite the fact that no one died. There was no violence, just a drawn gun that never fired. Even the cyanide pill went unused, despite its having been introduced in the season's first act, evidence that even Russians are not always bound by Chekhov's rules.
To the end, the deepest blows on “The Americans” were the ones that didn't leave a mark. The show featured its share of gruesome mutilations over six seasons, but the only thing broken and stuffed into a suitcase in this finale was your heart.
This, of course, raises the essential question of why you should have felt bad at all about anything that befell the covert Soviet agents Elizabeth and Philip Jennings (Keri Russell and Matthew Rhys). “The Americans” was in one sense a typical ambitious cable drama of its era. It invited you to feel a complicated identification with protagonists who had done terrible things.
Candidates who appeared for the Joint Entrance Exam (JEE Main) 2017 Paper 1 can now see the answer key and the scanned copies of the OMR sheets as the answer keys have been released online.
The answer keys and OMR sheets for JEE Main Paper 1 has been released at the official website (jeemain.nic.in.)
A special window has been opened by the Board for anyone to challenge the answer keys in case of any error. This window will close on April 22.
Here are the steps on how to download the JEE Main 2017 answer key:
Visit the official website of JEE main at jeemain.nic.in Select one of the options “View or Challenge Answer Key of Paper 1” Enter application number, date of birth and security pin in the required fields After filling the above information log in to the website Download or view the answer key
*In case you have forgotten the application number you can get the same by giving details on the “forgot application number” page
The Joint Entrance Exam (JEE Main 2017) was held on 2 April 2017.
Marcus Butler
5 September 2017: An international award-winning designer, an expert on using gardening to recover from disasters and one of the thinkers behind the 'bedside care plan' process used around the country have all put their pitching skills to the test.
The University of Canberra's annual Pitch for Funds (P4F) challenges researchers and academics to convince investors to put their money behind their work.
Competitors had just 90 seconds to deliver their ‘elevator pitch' and convince a panel of judges and the entire audience to back their project, based on their communication of the concept, how the funding will assist and the impact that success will have on the wider world.
Assistant Professor of Education Philip Roberts secured the first prize of $5,000 research funding for their project to re-examine NAPLAN testing from the perspective of rural and regionally-based students.
Clinical Assistant Professor of Physiotherapy Bernie Bissett received $3,000 in funds towards their research into breath strength training in Hospital's Intensive Care Units for people on respirators and Assistant Professor of Motor Control and Biomechanics, Wayne Spratford was also the recipient of $3,000 for their research into in-shoe orthodics to target and reduce chronic hip pain.
Dr Bernie Bissett (left) was presented with $3,000 in research funding by judges, Mick Spencer - CEO and Founder of On The Go Sports (center) and Suzie Hoitink - Founder of Clear Complexions clinics (right). Photo: Marcus Butler
Deputy Vice Chancellor (Research and Innovation) Professor Frances Shannon says delivering a pitch is important for researchers throughout their career and Pitch for Funds helps keep their skills honed.
“It could be a short presentation to a funding panel or a chance meeting with a potential backer in an elevator, but being able to summarise a complex project in less than two minutes could be the difference between receiving funding and missing out,” Professor Shannon said.
The judging panel will include The Hon Brendan Nelson AO - Director of the Australian War Memorial, Mick Spencer - CEO and Founder of On The Go Sports, Rachel Stephen-Smith MLA - ACT Minister for Workplace Safety and Industrial Relations, and Suzie Hoitink - Founder of Clear Complexions clinics.
The judges and audience will have $12,000 in research funding to award to the presenter or presenters they are most impressed by; audience members will each receive ‘five UC-bucks' to hand straight to their chosen pitcher.
Professor Shannon said with 20 researchers pitching on the night the audience will be entertained.
“The very nature of the competition demands that the participants are entertaining and informative. I expect the audience will have a great time and come away feeling enthusiastic about the work that is happening at UC to solve many of the problems we face in the world today.”
The event is part of the University's Pitch and Connect day, which includes a showcase from the first graduates of social entrepreneurial accelerator, the Mill House, and a series of workshops linking academia and research with industry.
2017 UC P4F winners and competitors
Winner - $5,000 - Dr Philip Roberts: How NAPLAN creates rural disadvantage. @PhilipRobertsss
Winner - $3,000 - Dr Bernie Bissett: Take my breath away – respiratory muscle strengthening to accelerate ventilator weaning in intensive care patients. @BernieBissett
Winner - $3,000 - Dr Wayne Spratford: Can in-shoe orthoses reduce greater trochanteric pain syndrome? @WayneSpratford
Dr Benjamin Leruth: Together, let's bridge the gap between citizens and political elites! @BenLeruth
Dr Fanke Peng: Wearable memory: Let's keep our older loved ones safe and engaged. @FankePeng
Tayanah O'Donnell: Urban renewal: What's your vision? @Tayanah
Dr Alison McLennan: Let's talk about synthetic biology. @asmclennan
Dr Dalma Demeter: Quo vadis, Domine? Making legal choices easy.
Dr Habib Kahn: Management accountants: Are you ready for big data? @sumkadu
Dr Ann Hill: Learning together to secure our food; growing a global garden of ideas. @annhilluc
David Hinwood: Classification and manipulation of waste with robotics.
Abel Zhou: Could patient ionising radiation exposure be reduced 100-fold? @XRay_Revolution
Dr Eamon Merrick: Help! We need somebody – teamwork in emergency. @EamonMerrick
Hayley Teasdale: Balance buzz ball. @haylolz
Dr Jane Frost: Walk in someone else's shoes – improving patient experiences in health care. @JaneFrostUC
Dr Niru Mahendran: The miracle drug – how much is enough?! @niru__mahendran
Dr Sam Kosari: Reducing medication errors in aged care facilities. @SamKosari
Dr Suzanne Carroll: Where you live matters. @CarrollSuzanneJ
Jenny Duxbury: See and avoid: A politico-legal mystery. @duxburyjen
Anthony Davidson: The final puzzle piece. @ANTSstats
Getty Image
From cutting programs as well as funding for organizations, Republicans at the state and federal levels have been working overtime to curtail access to birth control. In the latest installment, the Trump administration announced it would roll back the birth control coverage mandate from the Affordable Care Act. This act will allow employers to make religious or moral objection claims for providing said coverage.
The new rule will go into effect immediately. “The United States has a long history of providing conscience protections in the regulation of health care for entities and individuals with objections based on religious beliefs or moral convictions,” the administration wrote in new rules.
According to Politico, women's health care groups have already begun preparations to file lawsuits to block the new rules, which came on the same day that Attorney General Jeff Sessions outlined broad religious freedom protections that could affect a number of domestic policies.
“Today's outrageous rules by the Trump Administration show callous disregard for women's rights, health, and autonomy,” said Fatima Goss Graves, president and CEO of the National Women's Law Center. “By taking away women's access to no-cost birth control coverage, the rules give employers a license to discriminate against women. We will take immediate legal steps to block these unfair and discriminatory rules.”
The Obama-era mandate was popular, if polling data is to be believed. It's estimated that U.S. women saved over $1 billion because of the mandate with 55 million women benefiting from no-cost birth control.
(Via Politico)
Melania Trump was back in the spotlight for the first time since their husband's inauguration as they fulfilled their duties as first lady for the first time at their family's Mar-a-Lago home.
Read: Songs of Protest: Grammy Artists Air Their Feelings About President Trump and Their Administration
At dinner Saturday night, Melania wore an elegant black dress with lace details. It had a low cut back and was complemented by patent leather Christian Louboutin shoes.
Earlier in the day, they wore a figure-hugging white Calvin Klein dress when they gave the prime minister's wife a tour of the Japanese gardens in Delray Beach, Florida.
Fox News' Howie Kurtz told Inside Edition: "There is an intense public infatuation with Melania Trump and to have them out with the Japanese prime minister in Florida was really welcomed. The media seemed to be insisting that they play a more public role as first lady."
After their weekend in Palm Beach, the first lady reportedly returned to Trump Tower in New York City with the couple's 10-year-old son, Barron.
Read: Has 'SNL' Gone Too Far? Show Under Fire for 'Fatal Attraction'-Inspired Kellyanne Conway Skit
Kurtz asked top presidential aide Kellyanne Conway about the unconventional living arrangement, as well as a controversial US Weekly cover that suggests the president and first lady are living separate lives.
“It is nonsense," Conway said, adding, "It is none of your business.  They are beautiful inside and out, they are brilliant, they speak five languages."
Following the interview with Conway, Kurtz told Inside Edition: "I think it is unfair for US Weekly to question the Trump marriage. Yes, they are in New York. Yes, they are in Washington. That is so that their 10-year-old son can finish the school year. That is pretty common these days."
Watch: Trump Rips Nordstrom for Dropping Ivanka, but Did They Send Angry Tweet From Intel Briefing?
Related Articles:
The Bay Area's newest addition to the crowded food-delivery scene is taking sustainability to the next level; Planted Table is an all vegan, zero-waste food meal service based out of Jack London Square.Launched in January by sisters Megan Scott and Lauren Mahlke, Planted Table operates out of vegan wine bar Encuentro . Like other services, the company offers plans suitable for individuals and families, but where it distinguishes itself is in its menu concept and delivery methods."We thought the idea of a vegan meal delivery service would be so great, but couldn't live with ourselves if we were adding such a considerable amount of waste/plastic to the environment," said Scott via email.Instead, meals are delivered in glass containers inside insulated packaging which the company then collects to clean and reuse. It would be cheaper and easier to deliver in plastic, Scott said, "but we are committed to zero waste and willing to face the challenge head on."Planted Table extends this practice to food, they added. "We order exactly what we need for the week from local farms, and nothing goes to waste. "The menu features dishes like beet and citrus arugula salad with pistachio and citrus maple dressing for lunch and sweet potato chickpea curry with basmati cauliflower rice for dinner. Meals are sold in multiples; a six-meal bundle for one person costs $106/week, while a three-day plan for four people with 18 meals is $192/week.To ensure that all meals are balanced, Planted Table employs a nutritionist, who's also available to answer customer concerns.The service currently delivers to Alameda and Contra Costa counties on Wednesdays, but people outside those areas can stop by the kitchen to pick up orders in person. For more information, email plantedtable@gmail.com or call/text 562-221-6782.
US first lady dispels rumors following their extended public absence. 'Working hard on behalf of children & the American people!'
US First Lady Melania Trump dispelled rumors following their extended absence from public appearances due to kidney surgery.
"I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what I'm doing," they tweeted. "Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people!"
Two weeks ago, Melania was hospitalized at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center for an embolization procedure to treat a benign kidney condition. The procedure was successful, and the First Lady remained under hospital care for a week.
At the time of the operation, Prime Minister and Sara Netanyahu sent Melania wishes for a full recovery.
“Sara and I send @FLOTUS Melania Trump our warmest wishes for a full and speedy recovery,” the prime minister tweeted.
Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said Thursday it's unacceptable and appalling that more than 8,000 children were killed and injured in conflicts last year from Syria and Yemen to Congo and Afghanistan and urged combatants to do more to protect boys and girls.
The U.N. chief said in their annual report on Children and Armed Conflict, obtained by The Associated Press, that the United Nations verified 3,512 child casualties in Afghanistan, more than 40 percent of the total and “the highest number ever recorded” in the country.
Guterres said the recruitment and use of children in conflict more than doubled in Somalia and Syria compared with 2015. And the U.N. verified 169 incidents affecting at least 1,022 youngsters in South Sudan, more than 60 percent of them recruited and used by government security forces, they said.
Extremist groups
The secretary-general said the number of violations against children committed by extremist groups — al-Shabab, Boko Haram, the Islamic State and the Taliban — totaled more than 6,800.
U.N. spokesperson Stephane Dujarric said in a statement that Guterres is appalled not only by the more than 8,000 youngsters killed and injured and the recruitment of children but by sexual violence against girls and boys and attacks on schools and hospitals.
“A child killed, recruited as a soldier, injured in an attack or prevented from going to school due to a conflict is already one too many,” said Virginia Gamba, the U.N. special representative for children and armed conflict.
The report contains a blacklist of government forces and rebel groups that recruit, use, kill, maim, rape, sexually abuse or abduct children in armed conflict or attack schools and hospitals.
For the first time this year, Guterres divided the list in two parts, one naming parties that have not taken any action to improve the protection of children, and one listing parties “that have put in place measures.”
​Saudi-led coalition
This year's list, which AP obtained and reported on Wednesday, was eagerly awaited because last year the Saudi Arabia-led coalition fighting rebels in Yemen was put on the blacklist but removed by then-Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon under intense pressure from the Saudis.
Guterres put the coalition on this year's list of parties that are taking action to protect children, a decision welcomed Thursday by Human Rights Watch, Save the Children and the Watchlist on Children and Armed Conflict.
The secretary-general said in the report that “the coalition's actions objectively led to the listing for the killing and maiming of children, with 683 child casualties attributed to this party, and as a result of being responsible for 38 verified incidents, for attacks on schools and hospitals during 2016.”
The secretary-general said there were 1,340 verified child casualties in Yemen, more than 50 percent of the deaths and injuries caused by the U.S.-backed coalition.
In talks with Saudi Arabia, Guterres said, its government told the U.N. the coalition took measures to reduce the impact of the conflict on children by changing rules of engagement and establishing a team to review all incidents involving civilian casualties and identify corrective actions.
“These initiatives are steps in the right direction,” Guterres said. “Nevertheless, I urge the coalition to improve its approach since, despite these measures, grave violations against children continued at unacceptably high levels in 2016.”
Dujarric said the secretary-general spoke to King Salman of Saudi Arabia on Thursday. The country's U.N. ambassador has scheduled a press conference Friday.
Human rights groups
Human rights groups echoed Guterres' concerns.
Jo Becker, children's rights advocacy director at Human Rights Watch, said: “The coalition needs to stop making empty promises to exercise caution, take concrete action to stop these deadly unlawful attacks in Yemen, and allow desperately needed fuel and aid to reach those in need.”
Save the Children Director Debra Jones said all parties fighting in Yemen “must sit up and take notice and take action, as must those countries that are supporting or arming them.”
“The world must make sure the violations end,” they said.
Eva Smets, Watchlist's executive director, said the Saudi-led coalition is now one of 64 parties listed for violating children's rights and the U.N. must work with all these parties “to ensure these horrific violations of vulnerable children are never repeated.”
[Read More]
—–
Source: VOA News: Politics
By Tafi Mhaka
In Petals of Blood, the 1977 novel published by Ngugi Wa Thiong'o, three central themes – corruption, capitalism and land, weave a web of unbearably harsh betrayal and stifling neediness upon a small group of villagers in the small, pastoral village of Ilmorog, who find the much celebrated African Uhuru, in the postcolonial dispensation, an elusive and excessively dreadful reality wrought with social violence.
Conscious of the need for social and economic change, Petals of Bloods wonderfully exposes the punishing paucity of restrictive emancipation and endless continuation of repressive rule and denial of basic financial guarantees under postcolonial rulers.
Betrayal is always bloody throughout Africa and death crushes everyday dreams with remorseless energy and pinpoint accuracy: at least 846 Egyptians died during protests calling for the removal of Hosni Mubarak in 2011; approximately 1 500 people died during post-election violence in Kenya; and over 50 demonstrators died in anti-Joseph Kabila marches held throughout the DR Congo in 2017.
While African betrayal is harsh and grotesque, accountability is disturbingly rare: very few African leaders have actually stood trial for crimes against humanity, corruption and abuse of office; and this injustice remains the bane of African politics.
This is why Zimbabwe must avoid walking into the danger looming on the horizon, and deal with Gushungo right now. Their latest public rant represents the wrath of a man who feels vitalised by extensive political inaction over an uncertain legacy.
While it might appear easier to let them be, and move on, Gushungo, like our troubled past, is the all-important key to the future. And don't let their old age fool you: Gushungo understands Ngwena and the unfolding and potentially disastrous, political situation well; plus, they are feeling the sharp pangs of painstaking heartache and betrayal, and itching for sweet revenge.
But, if everything follows the underhand plan devised in November, Ngwena will win the election, and hopefully, lure billions of dollars in foreign direct investment through newfound legitimacy.
And, all the while, General Constantine Chiwenga (ret), General Valerio Sibanda and Air Marshal Perence Shiri (rtd) and General Sibusiso Moyo (ret), will be set for increased responsibility in civilian affairs, while the authoritarian rule Gushungo introduced, lives on, fully undisturbed.
This is why Gushungo, our Blue Roof socialist and institutional symbol of black, African repression should be dealt with. This is why Gushungo, the unapproachable, legendary African hero and obsessive soul of tribal politics, must be dealt with, and quickly dispensed with, forever.
With each passing day and fresh development with which Gushungo and their ensemble of unknown supporters work to overwhelm the current regime at the polls, while Ngwena conversely plots to present a principled and youthful appearance to an undoubtedly awkward and decayed electoral proposition, Zimbabwe has been slowly nearing the tenuous situation that precipitated the latest round of Kenyan electoral woes.
If Nelson Chamisa were to win the presidential vote in the harmonised elections, a certain Brigadier-General George Chiweshe (ret), the Judge President of the High Court – and the highly educated man who ruled that the November 15 revolt was an acceptable and constitutional excursion – can reverse any potential win on appeal.
And were Ngwena to somehow win a five-year mandate, Chamisa could cry foul, and promptly express immense displeasure with the electoral process, and that unexceptional development would aggravate an already serious economic crisis.
So dealing with Gushungo requires unequivocal respect for the law and legal processes and making the difficult choice between constitutionalism and benevolent authoritarianism and ceaselessly endorsing sacred cows.
Navigating beyond Gushungo could mean concluding an unwritten power-sharing agreement that stipulates how the presidency should alternate between our northern and southern regions after every two five-year terms. That way, everyone can become president, regardless of how big or small their or their tribe is.
Dealing with Gushungo will require serious consideration on whether an election should be held under the flight attendantship of weak, ineffectual institutions like the ZBC, ZEC, ZRP and ZNA.
Taming Gushungo requires establishing a massive list of preconditions that will force Ngwena to come to terms with real change. This should include whittling down presidential powers and apportioning parliament with supplementary responsibilities, especially where the selection of senior civil servants is concerned.
Saying goodbye to Gushungo might require substituting a constituency based parliamentary system, which promotes tribal affiliations, with a non-constituency order which promotes cross regional unity and widespread allegiance to national causes.
Dealing with Gushungo could include banning party youth leagues and women's leagues because save for empty sloganeering, ululating, dancing unendingly and unleashing violence on people, such leagues do more harm than good for society.
Moving past Gushungo could require serious examination of how land reform was conducted and redistributing the land on an impartial basis right from scratch, and without favour and fear of powerful individuals or connected families.
Letting go of Gushungo could include setting an uncompromising precedent in how government prosecutors deal with allegations of corruption and allegations of violence and human rights abuses in the highest echelons of power.
If South Africa can charge former president Jacob Zuma over allegations of corruption, money laundering and racketeering, Zimbabwe can follow suit and arraign Gushungo – and their longtime lieutenants – if need be, and consequently, asphyxiate the blood-stained, ubiquitous storms of betrayal that have rained down on us for years.
As Nyakinua states in Petals of Blood, before angry and dejected villagers decide to challenge corrupt authorities in Nairobi, “I think we should go. It is our turn to make things happen. There was a time when things happened the way we in Ilmorog wanted them to happen. We had power over the movement of our limbs. We made up our own words and sang them and we danced to them. But there came a time when this power was taken from us…. We must surround the city and demand back our share”.
Likewise, we, the people, must wrestle control of our future and dance to our own democratic and economically viable song.
Because, as things stand, who can prevent an exasperated clique of ZNA generals from targeting and removing the criminals around President Emmerson Mnangagwa à la Gushungo, and circumventing democracy, if need be, once again?
A much-loved volunteer died as a result of an accident following a motorcycle crash at Chatsworth International Horse Trials, a coroner has ruled.
Frederick Bolton, 78, of Lound Road, Sheffield, died in hospital nearly a month after suffering 'catastrophic' injuries at the Ice House obstacle in May, 2013.
At Chesterfield coroners' court on Wednesday, coroner James Newman said: "Mr Bolton, an experienced trail rider, was volunteering at the Chatsworth International Horse Trials on May 11 and May 12, 2013, as a collector of fence judge scores.
"He had travelled the course repeatedly on May 11 but on May 12, for some reason unknown and unidentified reason, they had taken a slightly different course up a slope.
"At the summit they were presented with a sudden drop.
"He was travelling at low speed and the momentum carried Mr Bolton and their motorcycle into the drop, where they sustained catastrophic injuries.
"Mr Bolton died as a result of those injuries at the Northern General Hospital in Sheffield at 3.10am on June 2, 2013."
Mr Newman recorded a conclusion of accidental death.
Last July, Mr Bolton's widow, Pam, slammed a decision to dismiss a health and safety case involving their death.
Derbyshire Dales District Council had been prosecuting Chatsworth House Trust and horse trial organiser Felicity Reason.
During a trial, Leicester Crown Court heard how Mr Bolton had been collecting results on May 12, 2013, when they crashed over a 1.2-metre drop when there had not been warning signs, fencing or related paperwork.
However, Recorder William Harbage QC accepted there was no case to answer on the grounds Mr Bolton was responsible for their safety and other riders did not regard the obstacle as dangerous.
After the case was thrown out, Ms Bolton said: "We don't feel justice has been served.
"We still feel there is a case to answer.
"I have lost my husband and their daughter Emma has lost their father - we have suffered unbelievably during the last three years.
"He was our rock."
Prosecuting barrister Michael Auty QC told how Mr Bolton went over a blind drop and their motorcycle landed on them and they suffered a fractured spine.
Mrs Bolton added: "He had been left paralysed from the neck down.
"It was torture and they died three weeks after the incident."
Mr Auty argued the defendants had not considered Mr Bolton's safety and there had been a failure to identify and manage a risk and the death had been avoidable.
But defence barrister James Maxwell-Scott, representing Chatsworth, argued Mr Bolton had engaged in an activity with dangers and was responsible for their own safety and riders indicated the Ice House was not considered dangerous.
Defence barrister Simon Antrobus, representing Ms Reason, said no-one expected this obstacle to be covered by the defendants.
Recorder Harbage QC directed the jury to find the defendants not guilty.
Chatsworth House Trust was found not guilty of failing to ensure the safety of employees and non-employees and failing to ensure they would not be exposed to risk.
Ms Reason was found not guilty of failing to ensure the safety of non-employees and that they would not be exposed to a risk.
3:36pm
Traffic crash on 101 at NW 14th in Newport. Watch for emergency vehicles.
3:40pm
Emergency responders say there are no injuries. Police doing the paperwork.
It was one of New York City's most enduring mysteries: A sandy-haired, 6-year-old boy who vanished on their way to school. A fruitless search that scared a generation of parents. A family that fought for years to hold one man accountable, only to be told someone else was to blame.
Some questions remain in the 1979 disappearance of Etan Patz, but a jury decided Tuesday that it had enough evidence to convict a former convenience store clerk of luring the boy into a basement and killing him, after a first trial ended with a hung jury.
Pedro Hernandez confessed several years ago to choking Etan, but their lawyers said that admission was the false imagining of a troubled man whose mind blurred the boundary between reality and illusion.
During Hernandez's first trial in 2015, that argument won over a lone juror, who wouldn't budge and forced a mistrial. This second time around, the jury was unanimous, finding Hernandez guilty of murder and kidnapping after nine days of deliberations.
"We decided they have an illness ... but that didn't make them delusional," said juror Michael Castellon. "We think that they could tell right from wrong. They could tell fantasy from reality."
Hernandez, 56, didn't react visibly as the verdict was read. Sentencing was set for Feb. 28. Their lawyers said they planned to appeal.
"In the end, we don't believe this will resolve the story of what happened to Etan back in 1979," said lawyer Harvey Fishbein.
Etan's disappearance during their morning walk to the school bus helped end an era where parents felt comfortable letting their children roam.
They became one of the first missing children ever pictured on milk cartons. The anniversary of their disappearance has been designated National Missing Children's Day. Their parents lent their voices to a campaign to make missing children a national cause, and it fueled laws that established a national hotline and made it easier for law enforcement agencies to share information about vanished youngsters.
For decades, though, the investigation into what happened to them went nowhere.
A body was never found. Unlike today's New York City, there was no network of security cameras to check for clues.
For years, some detectives and the Patz family thought the killer was Jose Ramos, a convicted Pennsylvania child molester who knew a woman who had sometimes walked Etan home from school.
Etan's parents even sued Ramos, winning a wrongful death judgment by default in 2005 when they stopped cooperating with the legal proceedings — though they continued to deny having anything to do with the crime.
Stan Patz sent Ramos annual messages saying, "What did you do to my little boy?"
Hernandez wasn't a suspect until 2012. Amid renewed news coverage of the investigation, a brother-in-law came forward and told police that, decades earlier, Hernandez had confessed to a prayer group that he'd killed a child in New York.
Authorities would later learn that Hernandez had made similar remarks to a friend and their ex-wife.
After police went to their home in Maple Shade, New Jersey, Hernandez confessed, saying he'd offered Etan a soda to get them into the store basement and then choked him.
"Something just took over me," Hernandez said in one of a series of recorded confessions to police and prosecutors. They said he'd wanted to tell someone, "but I didn't know how to do it. I felt so sorry."
Hernandez told authorities he'd shoved Etan's body, still living, in a trash bag, then put it in a box and dumped it with some garbage.
The boy's body was never found, nor was any trace of their clothing, nor the tote bag loaded with toys that he'd slung over their shoulder when they left their loft. And while prosecutors presented a theory that Hernandez had killed Etan after sexually abusing him, the suspect themselves never gave an explanation.
In the end, the confessions were enough for the jury. And they were enough for the Patz family, too.
"We've finally found some measure of justice for our wonderful little boy, Etan," said Stanley Patz, choking up, after the verdict was announced. Their wife Julie, who didn't attend the trial except to testify, cried when they heard the verdict.
"I am truly relieved," Stan Patz said. "And I'll tell you, it's about time. It's about time."
———
Associated Press writers Larry Neumeister and Karen Matthews contributed to this report.
Organizers of President-elect Donald Trump's inaugural parade say the marching band of Alabama's oldest private, historically black liberal arts college has accepted an invitation to perform.
The move comes as historically black schools like Howard University, which marched in President Barack Obama's first inaugural parade, said they didn't apply to march at Trump's inauguration.
The move has lit up Talladega College's social media sites with a sharp debate about the band's decision to participate. Some people voiced strong opposition, while others support the band's participation.
The Presidential Inaugural Committee announced Friday that the Talladega College Marching Tornadoes was among 40 groups, including high school bands and military organizations, scheduled to perform in the parade.
Talladega College officials haven't returned phone calls and emails seeking comment.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the “activate now” button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
The MDC has been dragged to the High Court for failing to pay back $286 000, advanced to it by a local firm in 2016. According to court papers, sometime in 2016, the MDC borrowed $331 800 from Ishline Investments (Private) Limited) and undertook to repay the debt that same year.
But having made some part payment of the debt, $286 000 remained due and owing to Ishline.
“Despite demand, defendant (MDC) has failed, refused to repay the outstanding $286 000,” the court was told.
Ishline is the applicant in the matter, while the MDC is cited as the respondent.
Besides the amount, the company is also demanding interest at the prescribed rate from the date of the summons to the date of full payment, as well as the cost of the suit.
The country's largest opposition political party has not yet responded to the court summons, which were filed before the court last Thursday.
According to the summons, the MDC has 10 days within which to file a response.
“If you wish to oppose any of the plaintiff's claims, you must, enter an appearance to defend by making an appropriate entry in the appearance book kept in the office of the registrar of the High Court of Zimbabwe at Harare within 10 days after service of this summons (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays are not counted as part of this 10-day period, nor is the day on which the summons was served).
“If you do not enter appearance to defend, the plaintiff's claims will be heard and dealt with by the High Court without further notice to you,” reads part of the summons.
The matter has not yet set down for hearing. DailyNews
Mitchell & Ness has recently revealed their brand-new swingman collection that comes equipped with jerseys and shorts that pay homage to some of the best players to ever touch the rock. Mitchell & Ness has signed a deal with the NBA that makes them the exclusive manufacturer of retro HWC products. Today, they are introducing the compaign that will revisit some of the most memorable and classic looks from the early days in the NBA.
The collection is inspired by the legends of the NBA and have been worn by the legends, the styles are constructed using materials and embellishments that were worn in that era. The collection includes renditions of the NBA's current athletes like LeBron James and Stephen Curry rookie jerseys, with the addition of basketball greats, such as Magic Johnson and Allen Iverson to name a few. Whether it's playing an evening pickup game or wearing to your favorite team's next matchup, these jerseys and shorts are crafted with a wearable everyday fit, featuring screen-printed twill embellishments and pockets on the shorts.
You can cop the HWC Swingman jerseys for $130 and the shorts for $75 starting June 15th (Thursday) at Mitchell & Ness Flagship stores in Philly and Soho in London.
Niagara-on-the-Lake councillors had a change of heart this week and approved most of the items requested by the Communities in Bloom committee for an upcoming international competition on the enhancement of green spaces.
Last week, councillors turned down the committee's request of $77,000 for enhanced floral displays and extra staffing, saying it was too expensive and it should have been discussed before the 2017 budget was finalized in December.
However, on Monday, council agreed to spend $60,000 on hanging baskets, Christmas decorations and an additional parks labourer from the parking reserve budget.
Flags and banners, at a cost of $8,000, and a special events co-ordinator position budgeted at $9,000 were rejected.
Coun. Betty Disero told council that a lot of the work on enhancing the town's green spaces is done by volunteers and much of the plant materials and other gardening supplies are donated by local businesses. Some examples they cited are the planting of 600 saplings and two large pollinator gardens, painting of garbage cans by students and a “SWAT” team that cleans up overgrown areas.
They said the local Canada sesquicentennial committee would be putting up its flags so it wouldn't be necessary for the Communities in Bloom to put up their own and a few residents have volunteered to take on the special events co-ordinator's duties.
“The (town) staff have been so tremendous and overworked to make expansions … so we could win the Communities in Bloom,” Disero said, referring to the high score the town achieved at the 2016 Canadian competition.
The evaluation of a five-bloom silver rating at the national level allowed the town the opportunity to compete internationally this year.
Coun. Jim Collard said the town currently has $450,000 in the parking reserve fund. They made a motion that the money spent on the Communities in Bloom program be reimbursed to the parking reserve after the surplus is calculated this spring.
Their motion passed, but some councillors said that maintenance of the displays for Communities in Bloom should be in the operating budget or discretionary grants in the future years.
Registration for the international competition is due this month with the judging to take place in July.
You never forget your first time. Harry Funke remembers his. The goosebumps. That tingling sensation. Butterflies in their belly. The whoosh of adrenaline as things got going hot and heavy. How could they forget that ride in their neighbor's '61 409 Impala?
“It was 1963 and I was in the seventh grade,” they fondly recall. “Been a car junkie ever since.”
But it's an addiction that's done Harry well. It inspired them to go into business for themselves (he owns Morgan-Bulleigh Inc., a trim shop in Wichita, Kansas). And he's fed their addiction over the years with various projects, like their long-term '57 Chevy.
And it was in the storage space for the '57 that this story begins. Something caught Harry's eye. It was a '62 Impala, a car not all that different than the one that got their ball rolling as a kid. And it belonged to the son of the original owner.
The car arrived to the space in 2003. It had the goods: at one point it went from white to silver and the interior got dyed black. Though born a 283/three-speed, it currently had a 327 and a four-speed. And as the story went, it even had a 409 for a while. This car, it was a hot rod.
Later, Harry noticed something else. The car sat. And sat. And sat some more. “Luckily, I started making inquiries,” Harry says. Lucky because the owner was getting ready for another change, this time a change of scenery. They were going back to Nashville. “Stars lined up and I bought the car,” they say. “The rest is history.”
Harry teamed up with Eric Sorenson to put the car back right. They basically restored the car sort of in the likeness of a hot car from the time when Harry was a kid. Typical for that time period, they had Howard Van Slyke update the exterior color. For the interior, everything but the seat came from C.A.R.S. Inc. For the seat, Kevin Dicus made a cover in '60's-period narrow (half-inch) pleats using restoration-grade turquoise and black vinyl from C.A.R.S.
Jack Gibbs built another 409 for the car, this time with a significant update (as a stroker no less). And rather than four, the transmission now has five forward gears, the last one an overdrive to make the deep-geared Currie 9+ rearend more highway friendly. This time around the car got a complete climate-control system, only it does everything from behind the dash. Four-wheel discs make it stop better than it ever could've imagined possible when new.
One could argue that Harry Funke modified their car to make it safe on modern roads and keep up with traffic. That's true. But I'm not willing to accept that's the only reason this car is this way. It's too logical. And logical is boring.
I propose at least one more reason. Remember the '61 409 that belonged to the neighbor? That thing was the rowdiest car in the world, at least to Harry the seventh grader.
But y'know what'll dust off a '61 409? Most secondhand cars nowadays. Asking a car to fulfill the promise made by a seventh-grader's memory is a tall order. But I have a feeling that Harry may have done just that. You can call it a restomod or whatever, but I'd just as soon call it a hot rod time machine. And I think he'd agree. CHP
Tech Check
Owner: Harry and Judy Funke, Towanda, Kansas
Vehicle: 1962 Impala Sport Coupe
Engine
Type: 409
Displacement: 473 ci
Compression Ratio: 10.5:1
Bore: 4.3425 inches
Stroke: 4.0000 inches
Rotating Assembly: Eagle crankshaft, Scat 6.135-inch connecting rods
Valvetrain: Comp Cams XR294HR cam and rockers (PN 1620-16)
Induction: Factory dual-quad manifold, Edelbrock AVS Thunder 1803/4 500-cfm carburetor
Exhaust: Factory 409 manifolds with 2 1/2-inch pipes; MagnaFlow mufflers
Ancillaries: US Radiator copper/brass radiator, PML rocker covers, Billet Specialties Tru Trac serpentine system
Output: 512 lb-ft at 4,300 rpm, 487 hp at 5,600 rpm
Drivetrain
Transmission: TREMEC T-56
Rear Axle: Currie 9+ with 3.73:1 gears, Eaton limited-slip, Currie shafts
Chassis
Steering: Saginaw 605 power-assist
Front Suspension: Classic Performance Products spindles and antiroll bar
Rear Suspension: Classic Performance Products antiroll bar and Panhard bar
Brakes: GM-style with single-piston floating calipers
Wheels & Tires
Wheels: American Racing Torq-Thrust D 15×7 front, 15×8 rear
Tires: BFGoodrich Radial T/A 215/70 front, 255/60 rear
Interior
Seats: Stock frames with covers handmade by Kevin Dicus from C.A.R.S. restoration-grade vinyl (turquoise and black)
Upholsterer: Morgan-Bulleigh (Wichita, KS)
Audio: Stock head unit with Antique Auto Radio conversion, 43-2201-B
Instrumentation: Stock with Sun tachometer
HVAC: Vintage Air
Insulation: Roadkill
Steering Wheel: Classic Industries 15-inch reproduction
Carpet: C.A.R.S. tuxedo weave
Shifter: Stock shift stalk on TREMEC base
Exterior
Prep/Bodywork: Howard Van Slyke, Van Slyke Body Shop (Pratt, KS)
Paint: PPG DBC base/clear (4716); GM WA9794 Bright Teal
Tel Aviv's Ichilov Hospital has published a statement denying rumors spread over the past few hours about the condition of business person Shmuel Plato Sharon.
The hospital spokesperson said, "Mr. Shmuel Plato Sharon is alive and not hospitalized and certainly did not die. This is a vicious rumor."
OTTAWA — The federal government spent $2.3 billion less than originally planned last year on new military gear, Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan revealed Wednesday, even as a prominent economic adviser to the Liberals sang the praises of investing in the defence sector.
The spending shortage, which will require Canada's military to continue to use some equipment longer than expected, means the government is already losing ground on the promise it made last year to invest $62 billion in the Forces over the next 20 years.
The mixed messages came during the first day of the two-day Cansec gathering in Ottawa, Canada's largest annual arms show, where officials from the world's biggest defence companies descend on the national capital to pitch their wares to the government and military.
Sajjan kicked off the event with an update on the Liberal government's new defence policy — a blueprint that details the specific equipment the military intends to buy over the next five years.
Many companies had been eagerly waiting to see which of the dozens of projects included in the multibillion-dollar defence policy were considered a priority and which were being put on the back burner.
What they heard instead was that the ambitious Liberal plan to ramp up spending got off to a slower start than expected: where Ottawa had planned to spend $6.2 billion last year, figures published with the defence policy show, they only managed to get $3.9 billion out the door.
Sajjan played down the discrepancy, saying a portion of the unspent money represented savings that the government was able to find on some projects, while others were the result of companies not fulfilling their obligations.
But they also admitted later that for some projects, "we weren't able to get it to the level we wanted. We're improving on that and things have improved drastically for this. It will improve as time goes on."
Defence companies won't be the only ones hoping Sajjan is right.
One of the government's most influential economic advisers told a luncheon audience that Canada's defence industry will be critical to sparking innovation and ensuring the country's prosperity over the long term.
There have been bitter recriminations after Mariah Carey's televised New Year's Eve performance went wrong.
The pop star's live appearance in New York's Times Square was beset by problems as they complained of sound difficulties and struggled to sing.
Them representative told Billboard the producers “set them up to fail”.
But Dick Clark Productions said any suggestion it would “compromise the success of any artist is defamatory, outrageous and frankly absurd”.
Carey was live on ABC just before midnight and began with Auld Lang Syne, but hit trouble during their 1991 hit Emotions.
Complaining that they could not hear, they did not sing for much of the track and their dancers led them through an awkward stage routine.
They told the crowd: “I want a holiday, too. Can I not have one? I'm trying to be a good sport here.”
The problems continued during their next song, the 2005 hit We Belong Together. They lowered their microphone but could still be heard singing on a pre-recorded track.
“It just doesn't get any better,” they said at the end of the song.
Them spokesperson Nicole Perna told Billboard: “She was not ‘winging' this moment and took it very seriously. A shame that production set them up to fail.”
Carey told the production crew that their earpiece was not working in advance, Ms Perna said.
“They told them it would be fine once they were on stage,” they explained. “However, that was not the case and they were again told that their earpiece was not working. Instead of endeavouring to fix the issue so that Mariah could perform, they went live.”
Carey went on stage but was “flying blind”, Ms Perna said. Referring to the backing vocal track, they said, “it is not uncommon for artists to sing to track during certain live performances”.
They added: “Any allegations that they planned to lip sync are just adding insult to injury.”
Errors ‘very rare'
However, production company Dick Clark Productions (DCP) said: “As the premier producer of live television events for nearly 50 years, we pride ourselves on our reputation and long-standing relationships with artists.
“To suggest that DCP, as producer of music shows including the American Music Awards, Billboard Music Awards, New Year's Rockin' Eve and Academy of Country Music Awards, would ever intentionally compromise the success of any artist is defamatory, outrageous and frankly absurd.”
It said technical errors could occur with live television in “very rare instances” but that an initial investigation indicated it had no involvement in the problems during Carey's performance.
“We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms Carey as an artist and acknowledge their tremendous accomplishments in the industry,” it added. BBC News
Nat is the Founder and Editor-in-Chief of Uncoached Corporation and all its properties. Their primary roles are managing editorial, business development, content development, online acquisitions, and operations. Uncoached began in 2007 with one site and a goal of creating content that was clear, concise, worth reading, entertaining, and useful. Since then the portfolio has grown to 8 properties covering a wide array of verticals including business, personal finance, real estate, architecture, television, movies, entertainment, video games, lifestyle, pets, and more. Follow them on Twitter @nathanielberman
০ = 0, ১ = 1, ২ = 2, ৩ = 3, ৪ = 4, ৫ = 5, ৬ = 6, ৭ = 7, ৮ = 8, ৯ = 9
্ = See example (Hasant/Viram) ় = * (Nukta) ʼ = ' (Urdhacomma) ঽ = & (Avagrah) ৺ = ~ (Isshar) ৹ = a~ (Bengali ana sign) ৲ = Rs~ (Bengali Rupee sign) ৳ = T~ (Taka sign) । = | (Devanagari danda) ॥ = || (Devanagari double danda) ₹ = Rs (Indian Rupee sign) 卐 = +~ (Swastika sign) Zero Width Joiner = ^ Zero Width Non Joiner = ^^
These symbols will type Bengali characters first but if "~" will be followed, it will remove previously typed Bengali character and then type the symbol.
Symbols & ~ * : ^ | ' have special meaning. You can type this way & = &~ ~ = ~~ * = *~ : = :~ ^ = ^~ | = |~ ' = '~
The English symbols [ ] { } ( ) < > - + / = ; . , " ? ! % \ _ $ @ # translate into the same symbols.
Example নমস্কার can be written by typing "namaskaar"
As per Rule # 3, ligature will be rendered. ZWJ and ZWNJ characters are used to produce alternate rendering of ligature.
A consonant followed by ZWJ character will produce half-formed consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‍ন = prash^n
A consonant followed by ZWNJ character will produce dead consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‌ন = prash^^n
If two english characters are making one Bengali Vowel (i.e. ai, au), then
ZWJ character is used to separate them into two different vowels. It will not
add ZWJ character but only considered as the separator between two
vowels.
The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.
Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews
Most Popular Interviews
Finding Value Opportunities in the Domestic-Focused Market of Indonesia James Morton
Companies covered: 005930 NMR ITOCY BFIN CFIN ERAA 1800 PTPP WSKT PNBN
Creating Long and Short Exposures to ETFs Using Options Jeffrey S. Pavlick
Protecting Portfolios with a Quality Overlay and Diversification Into Asset Classes Jason Jackman
Companies covered: SJM ORCL MSFT ADBE
New York's governor says a former radical who drove a getaway car during a 1981 Brinks armed car robbery that led to three deaths impressed them as community-minded when they met before they commuted their sentence to let them seek parole.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo said Monday they believe Judith Clark should be able to make their case for freedom. But the Democratic governor emphasized that the decision will rest with a parole board.
The robbery led to the killings of two police officers and a security guard.
Cuomo notes that some of their co-defendants served less time.
The commutation from will allow the 67-year-old to appear before the parole board in early 2017. Under their previous sentence, they would not have been eligible for parole consideration until they were 106.
Billionaire and high-tech entrepreneur Peter Thiel arrived in Israel Tuesday to speak to a small, select audience of entrepreneurs and others from the Israeli high-tech industry at the Peres Center for Peace and Innovation in Tel Aviv-Jaffa.
The best example of a successful technology company is Google, a search monopoly without competitors, they told the audience. Their speech focused on the book they wrote in 2014: “Zero to One: Notes on Startups, or How to Build the Future,” which has become required reading for high-tech entrepreneurs all over the globe.
Thiel has come to Israel to visit the companies they own and the startups their funds have invested in, say sources in the high-tech industry.
The main point of the book concerns the importance for companies to move from “zero to one,” that is, when they answer a need and create something that did not exist before. According to Thiel, the minute you reach “one” it is possible to reproduce this success infinitely. They believe the future can be shaped, but to do so it is first necessary to plan how the future will look.
Their criticism of most startups is that they do not innovate or create a new product, but mostly copy and make small improvements — but not revolutionary ones. The next Mark Zuckerberg will not be someone who reinvents Facebook, and the next Bill Gates will not be someone who founds Microsoft again. Thiel says their message is the book is not to compete with one another but to invent something new.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close
They teach us from a young age to imitate — language, behavior, norms — and they also teach us in school to compete with one another. Sometimes the feeling in Silicon Valley is that people suffer from social disorders, says Thiel. It is an environment where people look at what others are doing and copy them.
Like a marriage
Another problem is that people speak in buzz words; for example: I build software as a service technology — connectivity software — that makes data into a cloud, they say. Everyone is throwing out such words. But why did Facebook succeed, they ask? When Facebook began there were other social networks, but Facebook was the only one that gave people an identity on the internet and that is what made it powerful. It may still be labeled as a social network 13 years later, but it is much more, says Thiel.
To establish a good company a number of important components are needed, says Thiel. The first is for the founders to know each other well, a relationship they compare to a marriage. One of the questions every company needs to ask itself at the beginning is not who it will hire tomorrow, but why will it need to hire the 20th employee. Why will they want to join the company in the future? What will draw people to the company?
Innovation cannot come from large corporations that already have their own culture, and internal politics can cause new ideas to fail. So startups will always be important, and innovation mostly happens through creating new companies, says Thiel. Today there are no longer financing problems and if no venture capital fund will finance the startup, it is possible to turn to crowdfunding.
In Thiel's eyes, Israel is not just the “Startup Nation,” but a success story that is actually a result of its small size. They say the United States is huge and California's Silicon Valley has a different culture than elsewhere in the United States, and the managerial culture and dynamic is different all over the United States.
Thiel made the headlines — numerous times — last year after they were one of the very few senior figures in Silicon Valley who supported Donald Trump for president. They stood out in particular because almost all the heads of major high tech companies, from Apple to Facebook, supported Hillary Clinton. Their support for Trump earned them a senior advisory role in the new administration, and Trump appointed them to the executive committee of their transition team.
Thiel's net wealth is estimated at $2.7 billion. They have founded and invested in dozens of leading technology firms, including PayPal, Facebook, LinkedIn, Spotify, SpaceX and Airbnb.
In 1998, Thiel founded the online payment service PayPal, which they sold four years later for $1.5 billion to eBay.
Thiel also became one of the first investors, and the first outside investor, in Facebook, when they bought a 10.2% share of the company for $500,000 in 2004. They sold most of their stake a few years later for over $1 billion, which was considered to be one of the best deals ever made.
Today Thiel is a partner in the Founders Fund venture capital firm.
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — South Korea has downplayed media reports that the U.S. might have reconsidered its choice to be ambassador to Seoul because the prominent Washington-based scholar didn't endorse the idea of military action against North Korea.
South Korea's Foreign Ministry spokesperson Noh Kyu-duk said Thursday that Washington asked for Seoul's understanding over the withdrawal of Victor Cha for the ambassadorship. Noh didn't say how Washington explained the withdrawal.
They tried to downplay recent media reports as "mainly speculation." A Washington Post report Tuesday said Cha had privately expressed disagreement in late December with the Trump administration's policy on North Korea and on a U.S.-South Korea trade pact that Trump has threatened to scrap.
The high-profile diplomatic post in Seoul has been vacant since Trump took office a year ago.
TORONTO — Neil Young is joining their legendary backing band Crazy Horse for a pair of special performances next month.
The "Heart of Gold'' musician announced on their website that he'll play shows on May 1 and 2 at the Warnors Center in Fresno, Calif.
It marks the first time Neil Young & Crazy Horse have played together since a concert four years ago in Iceland.
Young says the band won't rehearse for the show beforehand.
But hanging over all the efforts is Mr. Trump's heated language, which undercuts Mr. Tillerson's diplomacy on Venezuela and much of the United States agenda.
“This is a way for Tillerson to say, ‘We're elevating our voice,'” said Rafael Fernández de Castro, the director of the Center for U.S.-Mexican Studies at the University of California San Diego. “I don't think they are in a position to elevate their voice.”
“This is the ‘bad Uncle Sam' of the past,” they said, referring to Trump administration policies. “The horrendous insults to Mexicans, to every single Latin American immigrant, are there. They cannot have it both ways.”
In Mexico, other policies have been subordinated to maintaining Nafta, which is being renegotiated in a process that seems likely to stretch into the summer.
But Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray has found themselves in a difficult position, trying to placate the Americans to save Nafta but facing pressure at home to respond sharply to Mr. Trump's positions, including their demand to build a wall along the two countries' border.
“We didn't talk about the wall,” Mr. Videgaray said curtly on Friday. “It is not a bilateral issue.”
Despite Mr. Trump's claims that Mexico is sending drugs and criminal immigrants to the United States, Mexico has continued a close security relationship with Washington. That could change, said Raúl Benítez, a security expert at the National Autonomous University of Mexico.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“For the government of Mexico, it is getting more difficult to cooperate with the United States” as public hostility to the Trump administration rises, they said, especially with Mexico's presidential election approaching in July.
While much of Latin America shares the Trump administration's concern over the escalating humanitarian and political crisis in Venezuela, few governments would want to be seen as acting at Washington's initiative.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“The United States has mostly lost its opportunity to be the big influencer in Venezuela,” said Jorge Guajardo, a former Mexican diplomat now based in Washington. “They never came up with a unified solution. I'm not sure what the United States brings to the equation.”
Washington has placed sanctions on more than 50 top Venezuelan officials, and Canada and the European Union have followed.
But Mr. Maduro shrugged off the international pressure last month, when the Constituent Assembly under their control pushed forward the date of the presidential election to April. With the most popular candidates either jailed, barred from running or in exile, there is little time for the opposition to organize around a new candidate to challenge Mr. Maduro.
Mr. Guajardo said that the United States had also lost credibility on another issue that Mr. Tillerson hopes to highlight: anti-corruption efforts around the hemisphere. That will be the main theme of the Summit of the Americas in Peru in April.
“He doesn't realize how out of tune that sounds these days,” Mr. Guajardo said, pointing to the potential conflicts of interest raised by Mr. Trump's business activities and those of their son-in-law and adviser, Jared Kushner.
Mr. Tillerson has taken pains to sound a conciliatory note on drugs, acknowledging, as have their predecessors, that the United States shares responsibility in the drug trade as a source of demand.
But they will raise the issue of increased coca cultivation in Colombia when they meet with President Juan Manuel Santos, a complaint that may prove to be an irritant among Colombians.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
As Mr. Tillerson travels throughout the region, their statements will be scrutinized at every stop, with the local press quick to point out slights. Already Latin Americans seized on their comments on Thursday about the 1823 Monroe Doctrine which asserted that the United States would not tolerate European intervention in the Americas.
But in Latin America, the doctrine has long been viewed as a pretext for American armed intervention in the region. Mr. Tillerson said that the doctrine “has been a success” because “what binds us together in this hemisphere are shared democratic values.”
They also seemed to suggest on Thursday that the Venezuelan military might choose to mount a coup against Mr. Maduro, scratching a barely-healed wound in a region with a long history of military dictatorships.
In the past, “when things are so bad that the military leadership realizes that they just — they can't serve the citizens anymore, they will manage a peaceful transition,” Mr. Tillerson said. “Whether that will be the case here or not, I don't know.”
On Friday, Mr. Tillerson stepped back from that suggestion. “What we would like to see happen there is a peaceful transition,” they said.
The Department of Trade and Industry (DTI) has confirmed that a variant of commercial well-milled rice is being sold for more than P5,000 per sack in conflict-stricken Marawi City.
In a press briefing on Tuesday, Ferdinand Monfeste, officer in charge of DTI's Fair Trade and Enforcement Bureau, said the brand “Happy Meal Well-Milled Rice” was being sold in Marawi costs P5,600 per 25-kilogram sack.
Monfeste, citing a verified DTI report on June 5, said a 50-kg sack of the same brand was earlier sold also for P5,600.
ADVERTISEMENT
They said the DTI did not receive reports of the same product being offered by retailers in other areas in Mindanao.
Other commercial rice products are available in the Lanao del Sur provincial capital at lower prices, generally costing up to P50 a kg, DTI officials said.
President Duterte declared martial law in Mindanao after combined forces of the Maute terror group and Abu Sayyaf bandits attacked Marawi. With the martial law declaration, which is effective for 60 days, the government froze the prices of basic goods.
According to Trade Undersecretary Teodoro Pascua, it is up to the Department of Agriculture (DA) to look into possible violations committed by rice retailers since the DA sets the selling prices for different rice varieties.
Pascua, however, said their monitoring showed that prices of rice were stable in Zamboanga Peninsula (Region 9), Northern Mindanao (Region 10), Davao region (Region 11), Soccsksargen (Region 12) and Caraga region (Region 13). —ROY STEPHEN C. CANIVEL
AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - Former U.S. President George H.W. Bush was admitted to a Houston hospital on Sunday after contracting an infection that spread to their blood, a family spokesperson said on Monday.
Bush, 93, was admitted to Houston Methodist Hospital a day after a funeral was held for their wife, Barbara Bush, spokesperson Jim McGrath said.
"He is responding to treatments and appears to be recovering," McGrath said in a statement.
Bush, the country's oldest living ex-president, served a single term in the Oval Office from 1989 through 1993.
 They are the father of former Republican President George W. Bush, who served two terms from 2001 through 2009, and former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, who unsuccessfully sought the 2016 Republican nomination for president.
Former U.S. first lady Barbara Bush, the only American woman to see their husband and son both sworn in as president, died last Tuesday at the age of 92.
Barbara Bush's longtime friend, Susan Baker, the wife of former Secretary of State James Baker, described them in a eulogy at their funeral on Saturday as a "tough but loving enforcer" whose 73-year marriage to their husband was a real-life fairy tale.
(Reporting by Jon Herskovitz; Editing by Chris Reese and Peter Cooney)
Smoothly and confidently, Syrian President Bashar Assad merged into traffic at a large roundabout in Damascus before driving themselves to the suburbs where their forces are battling rebels.
The traffic around them and pedestrians making their way across the busy Umayyad Square gave no indication of knowing who was behind the wheel of the Honda sedan.
Their low-profile trip was captured in videos filmed inside the car and released by their office late Sunday and early Monday. They show the president calm and assured as their forces appear close to clinch one of their most significant victories in the civil war.
Syrian troops are on the verge of retaking eastern Ghouta, the last major rebel bastion on the outskirts of the capital, where residents took to the streets against the Assad family's decades-long rule in the early days of the 2011 uprising.
As they drove, Assad, wearing sunglasses, narrated their route to the camera and gave their thoughts on the battle they were going to visit. They said the images of civilians streaming out of eastern Ghouta through a corridor manned by Syrian authorities showed that their government was still popular.
A white pickup seen in several of the videos appeared to be their only escort.
Before the war, Assad was known for driving in Damascus and Aleppo, Syria's largest city, and dining out with their wife. They have maintained a steady, sophisticated propaganda machine on social media throughout the war.
Half of Aleppo now lies in ruins after their forces, with unsparing support from Russia and Iran, destroyed the eastern part of the city to drive out rebels in 2016. Thousands of civilians fled with them and have not been able to return.
The scenario is repeating itself in eastern Ghouta, where government forces are waging a fierce air and ground campaign against a collection of suburbs that have resisted returning to government rule through seven years of war.
Close to 1,500 civilians have been killed in a month of heavy shelling and airstrikes. The government now controls 80 percent of the area held by the opposition in February.
Tens of thousands of civilians have crossed over to government-held areas as the army has advanced in recent days. It is unclear where the government will house them. The fate of thousands of men wanted for military conscription and held on suspicion of desertion or fighting for the enemy remains unknown.
"The painful thing, despite the pride and happiness of this visit, is to see people who have been forced out of their homes and to live rough, because of the war and the terrorists," said Assad as they entered eastern Ghouta. Outside the window, the landscape turned steadily to wreckage and ruin.
Carter Page: Campaign Player or Gadfly?
For much of the past year, Mr. Trump and their Republican allies have sought to portray Mr. Page, a former campaign aide, as nothing more than a gadfly who had no real role in the campaign. Their meetings with Russian officials in July 2016 have been dismissed as the actions of a bit player.
But Republicans who wrote the memo, in making the warrant for surveillance of Mr. Page the crux of their case against the F.B.I., suggest that they were far more than a bit player and that is why they believe the bureau recklessly cut corners to get it.
Or maybe Mr. Page was genuinely a blip on the campaign's radar, and the warrant granted under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act reflects genuine concerns that they were acting as the agent of a foreign power, which is what the F.B.I. and the Justice Department have said.
The Conspiracy Against Trump: The Greatest Hits Collection
The memo, if nothing else, is an excellent primer on all of the anti-Trump boogeymen (and women!) who have filled out Republican talking points for months. It has some of the most prominent names, such as Christopher Steele, the former British spy who compiled a dossier of unverified claims that purported to detail how Russia aided the Trump campaign, and Andrew G. McCabe, the recently retired deputy F.B.I. director who has borne the brunt of Mr. Trump's Twitter fury.
A sprinkling of lesser-known figures are included, as well, such as Bruce Ohr, who was a top Justice Department official before being sidelined, and their wife, Nellie Ohr, who monitored Russian news media for Fusion GPS, the firm that paid Mr. Steele.
Throughout the memo is a veritable who's who of F.B.I. and Justice Department officials who have been portrayed as corrupt partisans in Republican circles: Rod J. Rosenstein, the deputy attorney general who is overseeing the Russia investigation; Sally Q. Yates, who briefly served as acting attorney general before being fired by Mr. Trump; and Peter Strzok and Lisa Page, the F.B.I. officials whose anti-Trump texts are being examined by the bureau's inspector general.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
And, of course, there is Hillary Clinton, whose campaign paid for the dossier.
The F.B.I. Apparently Fired Someone Who Was Not an Employee
The memo described Mr. Steele as having been “suspended” and “terminated” by the F.B.I. as a source for “an unauthorized disclosure to the media.” It is curious language given what we know about Mr. Steele's relationship with the F.B.I.: They voluntarily approached the bureau, they never had any kind of formal arrangement with it and they were never paid.
As far as Mr. Steele was concerned, the F.B.I. had no claim to the information they were sharing, and they were free to do with it has they pleased.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Spy Agencies Worry They Might Be the Next Targets
The past few weeks have been the F.B.I.'s and the Justice Department's time in the barrel, to paraphrase Roger J. Stone Jr., a Trump ally and self-described Republican dirty tricks master. But the ruckus on the House Intelligence Committee has not gone unnoticed in the intelligence community, including at the C.I.A. and the National Security Agency.
Intelligence officials are expressing concerns that House Republicans, having succeeded in releasing the memo, could continue to selectively release sensitive intelligence when it suits their political needs — and that next time, it might be C.I.A. or National Security Agency intelligence that is compromised.
Intelligence Oversight Just Got Harder
When the House and Senate Intelligence Committees were created in the 1970s after Watergate, they came with an implicit understanding: Americans spies would share secrets with a select group of lawmakers and senior congressional staff, and in exchange that information would not be used for political gain.
The release of the memo threatens the delicate arrangement. Senior intelligence officials, speaking on the condition of anonymity to avoid antagonizing Congress, have said in recent days said that they will, of course, comply with all of the laws that govern their relationship with Congress. But sticking to the letter of the law can easily be used to gum up the works and slow down the process.
Will Loose Lips Sink Ships in Congress?
FISA warrants are among the most closely guarded secrets of the Justice Department and the F.B.I. Even disclosing the existence of a FISA warrant, all of which are classified, is a federal crime.
You would not know that if you had been spending time around Congress in recent weeks. Numerous lawmakers and staff members have been openly discussing details of the FISA warrant used to surveil Mr. Page with reporters and other people who do not have security clearances.
Will there be an investigation of the leaks? That would be up to the F.B.I.
That's all. That's it. They don't say that the church should bless gay marriage or gay adoption. They don't explicitly reject church teaching, which prescribes chastity for gay men and lesbians, though they question the language — “intrinsically disordered” — with which it describes homosexuality.
Photo
But that hasn't stopped their detractors from casting them as a terrifying enemy of the faith — Regan in “The Exorcist” and Damien in “The Omen” rolled together and grown up into a balding and bespectacled Jesuit — and silencing them whenever they can. A talk about Jesus that they were supposed to give in London last fall was canceled. So was a similar talk at the Theological College of the Catholic University of America.
And the vitriol to which they have been subjected is breathtaking, a reminder not just of how much homophobia is still out there but also of how presumptuous, overwrought, cruel and destructive discourse in this digital age can be.
“Inexcusably ugly” was how the Roman Catholic archbishop of Philadelphia, Charles Chaput, described the attacks on Father Martin in an essay for the Catholic journal First Things in September. Archbishop Chaput is no progressive, but still they were moved to write that “the bitterness directed at the person of Father Martin is not just unwarranted and unjust; it's a destructive counter-witness to the Gospel.” They cited a recent article in a French publication with the headline “Catholic Cyber-Militias and the New Censorship,” observing, “We live at a time when civility is universally longed for and just as universally (and too often gleefully) violated.”
After Bishop Robert McElroy of San Diego published a similar defense of Father Martin in the Jesuit magazine America, one of Father Martin's devoted inquisitors tweeted: “If you think the anti-sodomite bigotry in the church is bad, you should see hell.”
I spoke with Bishop McElroy recently, and they said that while there are calm-voiced critics of Father Martin with earnest concerns about what they see as the church's drift from traditional sexual morality, there are also out-and-out bigots whose methods are “incompatible with what we hope to be as a church.”
“We have to face the fact that there is a group of people across all religious views that are particularly antagonistic to L.G.B.T. people,” they told me. “That comes from deep within the human soul, and it's really corrosive and repugnant.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
I have known Father Martin for many years and have long been struck by the painstakingly careful balance that they maintain. Are they telling their fellow Catholics to judge L.G.B.T. people less harshly, whether they're chaste or not? Absolutely. When they and I talked a few days ago, they repeated a recommendation in “Building a Bridge” that Catholic institutions stop firing gay people, which has happened repeatedly.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“Straight couples do not have their sexual lives put under a microscope like that, nor are they targeted,” they told me. “A couple living together before they're married aren't fired from a Catholic school.” But that arrangement runs as afoul of church teaching as a sexually active gay or lesbian couple's does.
From listening to Father Martin, it's certainly possible to conclude that, or at least wonder if, they have qualms with church teaching about homosexuality. But he's so restrained and respectful that the president of the Jesuit Conference of Canada and the United States officially approved “Building a Bridge,” which has also been endorsed by an array of prominent cardinals and bishops.
And they trail behind many members of their faith in their publicly stated views. According to a poll by the Pew Research Center last June, 67 percent of Americans who identify as Catholic support the legalization of same-sex marriage, in contrast to 62 percent of Americans across the board.
But the far right isn't quietly ceding the fight. That's clear not only in the response to Father Martin but also in a federal education bill, drafted by Republicans, that would protect colleges that ban openly gay relationships or bar gays from certain religious organizations on campus.
And in the church as in the government, the scorched-earth tactics of ultraconservatives often gives them a sway disproportionate to their actual numbers. “These online hate groups are now more powerful than local churches,” Father Martin said, referring specifically to Church Militant and to the American Society for the Defense of Tradition, Family and Property, which started a petition demanding that the New Jersey parishes cancel their appearance. It gathered 12,000 signatures.
Lyle Garcia, 72, one of the parishioners involved in the decision to invite Father Martin, admitted to me that they were “very concerned” that in changing the location of the event, they'd rewarded and emboldened the haters. But at least, they said, the talk would proceed.
As will Father Martin. An expanded edition of “Building a Bridge” will be published in March, and it includes material about L.G.B.T. Catholics who told him, as they promoted the book, that it had given them desperately needed comfort.
“I'm at total peace,” they told me. “I really am. An ocean of hate online is really wiped out by just a few tears from an L.G.B.T. person.” Only one thing to say to that: Amen.
09:15 Reported News Briefs Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 PA resident accused of raping 10-year-old Jerusalem girl Read more Police arrest 41-year-old Arab for raping Jewish girl while renovating their family's home in the capital. ► ◄ Last Briefs
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
(AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli, File). FILE - In this March 8, 2018, file photo, California gubernatorial candidate, state Treasurer John Chiang, a Democrat, speaks at a conference in Sacramento, Calif. Chiang will be joined family members of people who di...
By KATHLEEN RONAYNE
Associated Press
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) - California Treasurer John Chiang and families of mass shooting victims called Monday for the nation's largest public pension fund to stop investing in companies that sell assault weapons and devices that allow guns to fire more rapidly.
"Divesting in these companies that sell these weapons will send a clear message that the thoughts and prayers that are sent when these tragedies occur are not enough - the state of California is demanding change," said Renee Wetzel, whose husband, Mike, was killed in the 2015 San Bernardino terrorist attack. "Don't let my husband's death be in vain."
Wetzel was one of more than a dozen family members of mass shooting victims who testified before the California Public Employees' Retirement System board. California alumni of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, where 17 people were killed in a shooting last month, also spoke in support of the initiative by Chiang, a board member and Democratic candidate for governor.
Others criticized it as an ineffective strategy and political ploy.
New Jersey, Connecticut, Illinois and New York also are discussing divesting from gun-related companies.
The California board took no immediate action but said it is talking with gun retailers. Four of the five companies it invests in that sell guns have moved to stop selling assault weapons and raise the age for firearm purchases.
The retirement system has roughly $850 million in holdings in Dick's Sporting Goods, Walmart, Kroger, Big 5 Sporting Goods and Sportsman's Warehouse Holdings. The pension fund in California, which severely restricts the sale and possession of assault-style weapons, has a total value of $354 billion.
The fund approached all five companies in the fall, asking them to stop selling assault weapons and devices such as bump stocks. Following the Florida shooting, Dick's and Kroger said they would stop selling such guns and would, along with Walmart, only sell guns to those 21 and older.
Walmart and Big 5 Sporting Goods had previously stopped selling assault weapons.
Experts have long questioned the financial and political effectiveness of divestment, and it's generally against the pension fund's policy. By divesting, shareholders give up their power to exert influence and often times simply turn over the shares to other owners who may not take the same political or social stance.
"If we divest, we lose our seat at the table," board member Theresa Taylor said.
Divestment initiatives had cost the pension fund more than $8 billion as of June 2017, according to a fund memo.
While supporters of stopping gun investments made up the bulk of public testimony, several others called the effort a political ploy by Chiang or warned that it could hurt the pension fund's bottom line.
The system has enough money to cover roughly 70 percent of the money it owes to 1.8 million members.
"I believe in the efforts, but the fact is, divestment doesn't work," said Joe Morgan, a teacher at Riverside Community College. "This really has been made entirely too political."
Still, the fund has previously used divestment to make political statements. It decided in 2016 to sell off the last of its tobacco investments and has similarly started reducing its investments in coal. The state began divesting from gun manufacturers in 2013 following the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut.
The state's teacher pension fund will present research on its holdings in gun retailers in May.
___
This story has been corrected to reflect that Walmart stopped selling assault weapons three years ago but recently raised the age for gun purchases.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
In case you missed it, there is a new county-wide grants program for low income home buyers. Up to $64,000 is available depending on family size, but available to single people as well.
There have been a couple of public meetings on this in both Lincoln City and Newport. But technically (we're told) it's not too late to apply by clicking here.
After news came from Kiev on Tuesday that a Russian journalist critical of Vladimir Putin had been shot dead, it did not take long for the Kremlin's denial machinery to shift into high gear. Another case of Russophobia, cried government officials and their media acolytes, anticipating that Russia would be blamed. An attempt to mar the World Cup soccer tournament; a typical example of Ukraine's “bloody crimes and total impunity.”
The reality turned out to be a bit more complicated when the journalist, Arkady Babchenko, appeared at a news conference the next day very much alive, and Ukrainian security services announced that their “murder” had been a sting operation to foil a plot by Russian security services to kill him. Ukrainian authorities certainly must explain why they felt it necessary to compromise journalistic integrity to stage this bizarre episode; they have doubtless supplied fodder to conspiracy theorists and cynical denouncers of “fake news” everywhere. One thing is certain: The Kremlin will seize on this official deceit to show the lengths to which its enemies will go to tarnish Russia.
That has been Russia's reaction to all accusations of foul play, whether it's the well-documented charges by the Netherlands, Australia and other nations that it was responsible for downing a Malaysian jetliner over Ukraine in 2014, killing 298; or the British accusation that Russia was most likely behind the poisoning of a double agent and their daughter in England; or the charge by American intelligence agencies that Russia meddled in the presidential campaign.
Each such accusation is met by a barrage of official denials on state television and mockery on social media. In the official version Russia is always the victim of a dastardly and demeaning Western campaign; it was the Ukrainians who shot down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 to make Russia look bad; it was the British who poisoned Sergei Skripal and their daughter Yulia, and when they gave an interview to Reuters, it was obvious they were coerced.
Thursday's transfer rumours claim England defender may be subject of a multi-million bid....
Daily Star: West Ham United are poised to make a £10m bid for Manchester United defender Chris Smalling.
Daily Mirror: Real Madrid striker Alvaro Morata could complete a £65m move to Old Trafford next week.
Daily Mail: However, Morata's Madrid team-mate Gareth Bale is not looking for a move despite interest from United.
Daily Mirror: Liverpool must pay Roma £35.5m for winger Mohamed Salah.
A Bola: Liverpool and Chelsea want Porto midfielder Ruben Neves.
Daily Mail: Monaco striker Kylian Mbappe said they will have to ‘sort' through their offers this summer with Madrid and Arsenal both interested.
The Independent: For their part, Arsenal are determined to resist any offers from Manchester City or Chelsea for Alexis Sanchez.
The Sun: Hull City defender Harry Maguire will reportedly be offered £80,000 a week over five years to join Leicester City.
DHA: However, Foxes duo Jamie Vardy and Ahmed Musa could be the subject of bids from Fenerbahce.
Radio CRC: AC Milan's Carlos Bacca and Napoli's Duvan Zapata are reportedly striker targets for Everton.
By JOE REEDY
Associated Press
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) - Gov. Rick Scott on Monday signed Florida's opioid legislation into law, a move seen by many as a good first step in combating a crisis that has claimed at least 16 lives a day in the Sunshine State.
"What it does take is a pretty comprehensive approach to addressing the epidemic," said Mark Fontaine, Executive Director for the Florida Alcohol and Drug Abuse Association. "It has education programs and helps control the measures for availability."
The legislation includes tougher limits on most painkiller prescriptions, more money for treatment programs and requirements for physicians to check the state's prescription database. The Republican governor and the state Legislature had made passing opioid legislation a priority of the recently concluded session.
Opioid-related deaths across Florida have jumped 35 percent from 2015 to 2016, according to the Florida Department of Law Enforcement. Opioids were identified as either the cause of death or were present in the deceased person's body in 5,725 cases in 2016. The 2017 figures are still being compiled.
"I don't think anyone wakes up in the morning with the goal of becoming an addict. This will make a big difference in reducing the number of addicts," said Scott, who signed the bill at the Manatee County Sheriff's Office in Bradenton.
Manatee County suffered the highest ratio of deaths in Florida in 2016 from fentanyl analogs - synthetic versions of fentanyl that can be 5,000 times more lethal than heroin.
House speaker Richard Corcoran, who attended the signing, said the measure is one of the first in Florida that attempts to combat the opioids crisis at the front end by limiting supplies and by doctors' checks on the prescription database.
The new laws, which take effect July 1, also contains some of the nation's toughest mandates on initial prescriptions for Schedule II painkillers such as Oxycontin and Fentanyl. The initial limit would be three days, but doctors could prescribe up to seven days for acute pain exceptions. It does not place medication limits for trauma cases, chronic pain, cancer and terminal illnesses.
Florida is the 25th state since 2016 that has passed legislation that imposes some limits or guidelines on opioid prescriptions. Only two others - Kentucky and Minnesota - have statutory limits of three or four days.
Fraser Cobbe, who represents the Florida Orthopedic Society, said doctors would have liked to see the limit extended to 10 days for surgeries not related to traumatic injuries, like hip and other joint replacements.
"The concern is major surgery was not addressed or focused on the human element," Cobbe said.
Cobbe said their organization is putting most of its focus on informing members about the new regulations with checking the state's prescription database as well as the requirements for doctors to complete a 2-hour continuing education course on responsibly prescribing opioids.
The state's Prescription Drug Monitoring Program will receive a software upgrade that should make it easier to integrate into a patient's medical file as well as making it easier to track medication history nationwide - a move designed to prevent someone near state lines from trying to doctor shop for multiple prescriptions.
There are some critics though who think the $65 million in the state budget signed by Scott last Friday does not go far enough in properly funding law enforcement and treatment programs.
Democratic gubernatorial candidate Gwen Graham said in a statement that Scott and the Legislature must join other five other states in suing drug manufacturers and hold them more accountable.
Scott's signing came hours before President Donald Trump spoke Monday in New Hampshire about federal steps to combat opioid addiction. Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi was a member of the president's opioid commission.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The first thing I will say is, don't give up. You want to finish this one, trust me.
The second thing I will say is, I had to get help on today's theme by Dominick Talvacchio, and that almost never happens. So, don't feel bad if you needed to ask a friend or turned to Wordplay for help. What matters is that you had the same amazing “Aha!” moment I did when you solved.
Mr. Talvacchio is no stranger to puzzles, especially anagram ones, but today they make their crossword puzzle debut in The New York Times, so please welcome him.
Tricky Clues
1A: Wow, a heteronym clue at 1A. Mr. Talvacchio and the editors are throwing down the gauntlet right out of the gate. “Kitchen drawer?” uses the heteronym “drawer” to fool solvers. “Drawer” can have multiple meanings, and you have to be alert as to which one is needed. It can be that drawer you keep your utensils in, or it can be something that draws forth water. Today, that's the “drawer” we're seeking: A “Kitchen drawer?” is a TAP. How are your heteronym clue-solving chops? Read up on them in our guide and take the quiz.
20A: Another question mark clue, so be on the lookout for wordplay. “Stacked quarters?: Abbr.” is a play on the multiple meanings of “quarters”: They can be United States coins or they can be places where people live. Sure, you can stack the coins, but what would the answer be? But if you stack living quarters, what you wind up with are APTS. By the way, if you're going to stack anything, you really should try waffles, because then your attempt to break a Guinness World Record might be live tweeted by the Denver reporter Elizabeth Hernandez and go viral on the internet. Also: waffle party afterward, so win-win. Here's the entire thread.
So the final scores saw Luke and Emma McEwen lift the European Championship trophy, they had seen off a competitive fleet, to show themselves to be worthy champions.
Luke, very impressively, conducted their winner's speech in French and thanked the whole of the YC Carnac team as well as Heather Chipperfield for their fantastic organisation.
Phil Walker and John Mather gave them a good run for their money, in their new boat, to take second place.
In third were Steve and Sarah Cockrill to prove that years of none skiff sailing is no barrier to a good result, if you have the racing talent they process.
The 800 fleet had a great time in Carnac and look forward to the RS Games at Weymouth in August, where the battle will recommence.
Can anyone beat the McEwens? Stay tuned to find out.
Remember there is an early entry discount which finishes on 1 July 2018. And RS Sailing will offer a voucher for anyone participating in more than one championship at the RS Games.
RS Games Championship website available here.
Follow Sailweb on Facebook - Click here
Follow Sailweb on Twitter - Click here
iOS 11 has a cool feature that lets you select and move multiple apps at the same time. It makes organizing your apps a little easier, which is great since that's not available in iTunes 12.7. What TMO's video tip to see how it works.
Check It Out: iOS 11: How to Select and Move Multiple Apps
Recently, Hancock County business and industry members have come out in support of continuing a 0.5 percent sales tax, half of which goes toward flood-control efforts.
Last week, the Findlay-Hancock County Advisory Board, an economic development support organization, signed onto a letter urging the county commissioners to put the sales tax issue, which expires at the end of next year, back on the ballot.
This week, a dozen or so members of the same group attended a commissioners meeting to make the same argument in person.
It's still early in the process, but it would be hard to find a good reason why the $7 million generated by the tax each year is no longer needed. Half that amount should continue to go to flood control should the tax be renewed.
While some people may need more evidence the money is still needed, the commissioners are doing the right thing by listening rather than talking, at least for now.
If the sales tax, which was first approved by voters in 2009, is going to continue to be collected after 2018, it will have to be put back on the ballot either this year or next year.
To make November's ballot, the commissioners will have to commit by Aug. 9. They'll also have to hold two public hearings and submit the issue to the board of elections by that date.
Until then, it's prudent the commissioners continue to vet the issue in a transparent fashion.
Voters need to know exactly how the sales tax proceeds will be allocated, and that a portion will be dedicated to long-term maintenance of the river.
Certainly, a continuance of the tax should not be seen as an endorsement of the $140 million proposal to construct three dry storage basins south of Findlay, one of the recommendations made as part of the county's flood-control project.
That project still requires further debate and will need additional sources of funding even if a decision is made to proceed with it.
The anticipated rise in cost to operate the county's criminal justice system is another factor in the sales tax conversation.
Commissioners will need to determine if the sales tax is enough to help offset the projected rise in criminal justice expenses.
Over 300 criminal indictments are expected to be filed this year by the prosecutor's office, a record for Hancock County.
The volume of cases alone will result in additional expenses to the sheriff's and prosecutor's offices, indigent defense and jail costs, which collectively are the county's largest budget obligation.
It's hard to imagine how the county would get by without the money generated by the additional sales tax. But at least for now, the commissioners must continue to make the case, before committing to extend it.
Comments
comments
IFC
“People only like me when I am drunk!” Jim Brockmire laments late in the second season of Brockmire. This was certainly true for the IFC comedy's debut season, which followed disgraced baseball announce Brockmire (Hank Azaria) as they attempted to come back a decade after an infamous, career-wrecking on-air meltdown about their wife's infidelity. Throughout that first season (one of the best shows on TV last year), Brockmire took debauchery to new depths — in one episode, they inadvertently snorted a line of drugs that was a crushed-up abortion pill their girlfriend Jules (Amanda Peet) was planning to take — all while delivering a delightful and evocative running commentary on their own substance abuse and sexual escapades. (“Julia James with a surprise finger in the keister! And Brockmire is into it!”)
In the new season, which debuts Wednesday night (I've seen all eight episodes), things are looking up quite a lot for Jim Brockmire. They have a new job doing play-by-play for the Atlanta Braves' minor league affiliate in New Orleans, which puts them a step away from returning to the majors, even as they get to party in a city which can't possibly be shocked by what they put into their body. Their producer Charles (Tyrel Jackson Williams), meanwhile, has turned Jim's viral fame into a business model, running a popular podcast called Brock Bottom where an inebriated Brockmire tells depraved anecdotes from their past to a giddy crowd of millennials who are all hoping Jim will get high with them after the taping. And, having left Jules behind in the dying steel town where they run the local independent league team, Brockmire's sex life is now so robust that they have an assembly line of gift baskets named after different ballplayers (“the Jeter” is, of course, the most popular) to give to each woman they take home.
Brockmire season one was as much underdog sports story as it was sex farce and/or bittersweet character study, chronicling not only Jim's quest to reclaim their dignity but Jules' attempt to hang onto their ballclub in the face of an onerous and convoluted loan that required them to win the championship. Jules is largely absent from the new season — though Peet and the writers (led by Joel Church-Cooper) make their infrequent appearances count, never forgetting both that Jules is just as damaged as Jim, and that they completely accept them for who they are — and Brockmire's relative fame, wealth, and power have transformed them from the self-deprecating loser they were last year into, well, a massive jerk. They were a jerk before, but a pathetic and powerless one, where a lot of this season involves Brockmire making Charles and other people around them miserable because they so easily can.
When Charles discovers that Jim has written eulogies for everyone notable in their life, he's stunned by the beautiful sentiments expressed in the one about him, and asks why Brockmire has never said any of this to their face.
“Well, for the dead, I have emotions,” Brockmire admits. “For the living, my sincerest apologies.”
Brockmire's heel turn isn't an accidental byproduct of the new season, but the whole point of it, and the year once again takes a turn for the dramatic towards the end as a result. But Jules being mostly gone, and Brockmire being so much more difficult for Charles and others to handle, makes these episodes less of a rollicking good time than their predecessors. It's an ongoing source of tension that he's not supposed to drink or take drugs during game telecasts anymore, because everyone finds them more fun when he's under the influence, but it takes very little for them to become a mean drunk, particularly where the people they care about most are concerned.
So the emotional balance of the season is very different, even though it's leading somewhere rewarding and meaningful by the end. And though Peet's not around as often, Church-Cooper has surrounded Azaria and Williams with some colorful new players: Becky Ann Baker as Brockmire's sister, who has never fully gotten over the shame they brought on the family name; Utkarsh Ambudkar as Jim's rival announcer Raj; Dreama Walker as a Braves marketing executive(*) in charge of picking between Jim and Raj for a promotion to the big club; and Carrie Preston as a barfly whose self-destructive behavior makes Brockmire look like a teetotaler. Brockmire also has a petty feud with the New Orleans team's crawdad mascot, though the identity of the person inside the suit is a funny punchline saved for late in the season.
(*) One minor complaint about Walker's character, Whitney: she's introduced as someone from an analytics background who's only interested in numbers and statistics, and is thus immune to Brockmire's old-school charms, but a few episodes later explains Raj's appeal by comparing them to Jimmy Fallon, and glibly dismisses the idea that anyone cares about numbers. Though you don't have to be a hardcore baseball nerd to enjoy the show, it offers plenty of rewards for those who are, and thus introducing a stats vs scouts dynamic and then forgetting about it instantly feels like a missed opportunity.
After multiple public statements from the White House, there are still numerous unanswered questions surrounding Michael Flynn's Monday-night resignation from their position as national security adviser.
Flynn is under fire for a discussion they had with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak on the day that the U.S. announced sanctions for cyber hacking that took place during the U.S. election.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer characterized the resignation as being about "eroding trust" between President Trump and Flynn, rather than a legal issue, and they said it was Trump's decision to have Flynn step down. House Speaker Paul Ryan also said the resignation was Trump's call. Those accounts contradict earlier remarks from White House adviser Kellyanne Conway, who said the move was Flynn's.
Here are six the questions we still have about the events:
1. What exactly did Flynn say about U.S. sanctions in their call with Kislyak?
Spicer maintained Tuesday that Flynn being asked to step down was about "trust" and that there was "nothing wrong or inappropriate" about Flynn's call with the ambassador. There is a transcript of the call produced by the intelligence community, NPR has confirmed. It shows there was discussion about the sanctions. "Still, current and former administration officials familiar with the call said the transcript was ambiguous enough that Mr. Trump could have justified either firing or retaining Mr. Flynn," the New York Times reported.
Flynn briefed Vice President Pence before Pence made a round of TV appearances Jan. 15 in which they denied Flynn discussed the sanctions in the call. White House press secretary Sean Spicer said on Jan. 13 that Flynn told them the call was to convey Christmas greetings, condolences for a plane crash that killed members of a Russian Military choir, Russian talks about the war in Syria and logistics for a post-inauguration call between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin.
In their resignation letter, Flynn apologized for giving the vice president and others "incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador."
2. Did Flynn's conversation influence Russia's decision not to retaliate with sanctions of its own?
The Obama administration announced sanctions on Dec. 29 in response to findings that Russia used cyberattacks during the presidential campaign in an effort to assist Trump. The administration expected Russia to retaliate, but it never did. At the time, Trump tweeted glowingly about Putin's decision not to react.
3. Why wait until now to ask for a resignation?
NPR's Carrie Johnson reports that the White House knew Flynn's public statements didn't match what occurred.
Johnson reports that former acting Attorney General Sally Yates, since fired over their stance to not enforce Trump's travel ban, told White House Counsel Donald McGahn about the call's actual contents. Spicer said Tuesday that the Justice Department notified White House counsel on Jan. 26 and that the president was notified immediately.
Spicer said that the White House has been "reviewing and evaluating this issue on a daily basis" for a few weeks and that Flynn has been questioned on multiple occasions.
As the Washington Post notes, though, on Friday Trump gave reporters the impression that they "was not familiar with a Washington Post report that revealed that Flynn had not told the truth about the calls."
4. Who was behind the initial leak?
Who was the first person to share that Flynn had spoken to the Russian ambassador? Trump themselves asked Tuesday morning in a tweet, "Why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington?" Spicer echoed concerns about the leak in their briefing.
The Washington Post's Callum Borchers has three theories on "why the Trump White House keeps leaking":
They can't help but gossip,
It's all distraction, getting media to pay attention to "who has power, rather than what the people in power are actually doing," or
Bait for negative coverage so that it can continue to "cast the media as a political opponent."
But it's also possible, if not likely, that the leaks on this issue came from the intelligence community or Justice Department. That could mean that there are people in the government and national-security infrastructure who had genuine concerns about Flynn and how Trump's White House is being run.
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., blasted the leaks in a hallway interview on Tuesday, NPR's Susan Davis reports.
"Here's what I know: Gen. Flynn did not break the law talking to the Russia ambassador, in fact that's their job," Nunes said. "Who did break the law is whoever recorded this, unmasked it and leaked it, that is clearly multiple violations."
5. Who will replace Flynn?
Spicer said in a briefing Tuesday afternoon the president is "currently evaluating a group of strong candidates."
Three are thought to be the leading contenders:
Ret. Lt. Gen. Joseph Kellogg , the acting national security adviser, named with Flynn's resignation;
, the acting national security adviser, named with Flynn's resignation; Ret. Vice Adm. Robert Harward , the former deputy director of CENTCOM during the Obama administration. He's a former Navy SEAL who grew up in Iran; and
, the former deputy director of CENTCOM during the Obama administration. He's a former Navy SEAL who grew up in Iran; and Ret. Gen. David Petraeus, the former CIA director in the Obama administration who was sentenced to two years probation and had to pay a $100,000 fine for sharing classified information with a woman they were having an affair with. Their probation expires in April.
Also in the running is John Kelly, who was recently confirmed as Trump's homeland security secretary, NPR's Tom Bowman reports.
But, Bowman reports, the smart money is on Harward for now.
6. Will Trump continue to speak with Flynn anyway?
Trump is known to pick up their cell phone. And Flynn is someone who was one of Trump's closest and most trusted national-security advisers during the campaign.
Flynn surely has that number. And there's some precedent for it. Trump has continued communication with other former aides and adviser, including Corey Lewandowski, who was was fired as Trump's campaign manager in June.
Dutch police shot and wounded a Syrian man Wednesday who attacked officers trying to arrest them after alarmed neighbors reported that they were standing on an apartment balcony waving an ax and shouting "Allahu akbar."
In a statement, police said the shooting happened in Schiedam near the port city of Rotterdam when police tried unsuccessfully to calm the 26-year-old man. When an arrest team entered the apartment, the man attacked them and stabbed a police dog, which later died of its injuries.
Schiedam Mayor Cor Lamers issued a statement saying that the suspect was a Syrian who had been living with their father in Schiedam since last year.
"The man was known to several help organizations but this was an escalation we had not seen coming," Lamers said.
The confrontation came a day after a man in Belgium attacked and killed two female police officers and fatally shot a passer-by.
The founder of a well-known Derbyshire charity has insisted they did not 'help herself' to £31,000 in funds.
The National Hereditary Breast Cancer Helpline was set up by Wendy Watson, of Over Haddon, near Bakewell, in 1996 and to date has helped many thousands of women.
Today it emerged the Charity Commission has issued its first official warning to the good cause after it made 'unauthorised payments'.
Mrs Watson - who became Britain's first woman to have both breasts removed at the age of 38 in a desperate bid to avoid the cancer which has stalked their family - told us: "Some journalists are making out I've 'helped myself' to money - but that's not the case.
"The money was authorised by an accountant.
"I've received some terrible advice from an accountant and a solicitor.
"In the last five years, I've been paid for one year.
"For the majority of the time, I've done everything for free.
"I've volunteered to give the charity so much of my time - it's cost me tens of thousands of pounds to keep the helpline going and it's helped so many people, it's helped save lives.
"I've received so many lovely letters from people."
Accounts reveal that in 2014-15 the charity's total expenses were £909,634 - of which £27,403 was listed as being spent on 'charitable activities' - with £874,539 used for 'fundraising expenses and other costs'.
The next financial year, total expenses were £947,824 - of which £929,975 was spent on 'charitable activities'.
The accounts also show the charity owed Mrs Watson £62,000 after they gave the cash in an unsecured loan - with trustees approving a repayment of £30,000.
The figures from 2015-16 reveal their daughter, Becky Measures, was paid £17,849 in salary and expenses during the year for work as a fundraiser.
The Charity Commission said the cause's trustees 'committed a breach of trust or duty' after 'making unauthorised payments to a connected person' and 'entering into an informal loan agreement with a connected person'.
According to a report, Mrs Watson quit as a trustee in October 2016 - but the Charity Commission said the National Hereditary Breast Cancer Helpline allowed the former chairperson to 'make key decisions about the operation of the charity, despite having resigned'.
It added: "Given the nature and seriousness of the issues, the trustees were given a chance to resolve them but failed to fully comply with the action plan to do so.
"The commission concluded it was appropriate and proportionate to issue the charity with an official warning to promote compliance.
"The warning specifies the actions the commission considers the charity needs to take to resolve the outstanding and prevent further breaches."
NEWPORT BEACH, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--PogoTec, Inc. (PogoTec™), an innovator in electronic wearables that attach to eyewear with a special focus on enhancing visual experiences, today unveiled the design of PogoAR™ – a unique approach to augmented reality.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005772/en/
Without (Photo: Business Wire)
PogoAR is being developed as a first-of-its-kind binocular augmented reality (“AR”) system that works seamlessly with most existing eyewear styles to provide a convenient, fashionable and easily portable AR platform. PogoAR is being built with a proprietary binocular vision system, while maintaining the fashionable look when attached to eyewear. With PogoAR, eyewear (new and old) can be made AR-ready by attaching a small proprietary AR system to the top of the eyeglass frame.
“There are 2.6 billion wearers of prescription eyewear in the world today and far more if non-prescription sunglasses are included and every year over 300M pair of new eyewear are sold,” said Brendan Sheil, PogoTec's Chief Executive Officer. “PogoAR is a natural extension of PogoTec's product strategy, enabling consumers with another innovative wearable device attachable to eyewear.”
PogoTec combines its deep expertise in eyewear, electronics, vision and optics with patent-pending intellectual property to deliver a high-quality AR experience. PogoAR is being designed for the consumer and enterprise markets.
The company recently announced the hiring of Svetlana Samoilova as Vice President of Augmented Reality (AR). Ms. Samoilova was previously Senior Director of Engineering of HoloLens at Microsoft where they were responsible for system integration of HoloLens, engineering of advanced and new technologies, early prototyping, HoloLens peripherals, firmware development and hardware design verification. Samoilova also spent more than eight years at Apple Inc. as Director of Mobile Devices of the iPod/iPhone division.
“Augmented Reality is changing the way we see our world and the market for AR is growing significantly,” said Samoilova. “I'm excited to lead the team that is creating the first consumer friendly, lightweight and economical binocular AR system that is attachable to nearly all eyewear.”
With PogoAR one or two SKUs can attach to the vast majority of eyeglass frame styles. PogoAR can work with clear prescription eyeglasses and non-prescription sunglasses. Multiple patent applications have been filed.
PogoTec launched PogoCam™ – its first electronic wearable device attachable to eyewear – this past November. PogoCam is a small, lightweight, easily removable eyewear camera that captures photos and HD videos. PogoAR represents the company's next exciting initiative, positioning itself uniquely in the anticipated $100B+, high-growth augmented reality marketplace.
About PogoTec
PogoTec™, Inc. is currently a privately-owned company incorporated in Delaware. PogoTec is an innovator in electronic wearables that attach to eyewear with a special focus on enhancing visual experiences. PogoTec's product offerings consist of PogoCam: the small, light, and easily removable eyewear camera perfect for every lifestyle; PogoTrack: a proprietary attachment meant for attaching electronic wearable devices to eyewear while maintaining the fashion look of eyewear; and PogoLoop: a proprietary universal adapter which is attachable to virtually all eyewear. PogoTec is developing a breakthrough AR system attachable to most eyewear (new and old). PogoTec's AR system is being designed for the consumer market and enterprise. PogoTec's management team and Board of Directors have extensive experience in creating and commercializing innovation. PogoTec has been extremely diligent in protecting its intellectual property and has numerous patent applications filed around the world with multiple patents already granted and others anticipated shortly. This IP is broken into six comprehensive IP families. For more information about PogoTec, please visit www.PogoTec.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005772/en/
CONTACT: Ketchum Zito
Deborah Kostroun, 201-403-8185
deborah.kostroun@ketchumzito.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY CONSUMER ELECTRONICS HARDWARE AUDIO/VIDEO OTHER TECHNOLOGY HEALTH OPTICAL MOBILE/WIRELESS RETAIL SPECIALTY
SOURCE: PogoTec, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 09:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 09:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005772/en
HOT ROD Power Tour 2017 Is Presented By Chevrolet Performance And Driven By Continental Tire
The eighties can be best defined by power ballads, T-tops, and pop-up headlights. The fuel crises was over, cars were lighter and smaller, and this new-fangled CD technology was finding its way through everyone's speakers. It was also the advent of electronic fuel injection, giving rise to the performance era we know today.
Frequently asked Questions: http://www.hotrod.com/articles/hot-rod-power-tour-2017-faq/
Driving Directions: http://www.hotrod.com/articles/2017-hot-rod-power-tour-route-download/
Main Event Page: http://www.hotrod.com/events/power-tour/
For More Coverage, follow us on Facebook and Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/hotrodmagazine/?hl=en https://www.facebook.com/hotrodmag/
Mark Hamill is still coming to terms with the death of "Star Wars" co-star Carrie Fisher.
The actor, who played Luke Skywalker in the franchise films, penned an essay for The Hollywood Reporter detailing some of their favorite memories of the late actor.
Though their friendship endured its ups and downs, Hamill wrote, Fisher, "was able to make you feel like you were the most important thing in their life."
"When you were in their good graces, you couldn't have more fun with any person on the planet... And then you could go 180 degrees opposite, where you were furious with one another and wouldn't speak for weeks and weeks," they wrote. "But that's all part of what makes a relationship complete. It's not all one sided. Like I say, they were a handful. They were high maintenance. But my life would have been so much drabber and less interesting if they hadn't been the friend that they are."
Fisher was 60 when they died Dec. 27 in a Los Angeles hospital, four days after they went into cardiac arrest on a transatlantic flight. At the time, Hamill tweeted that they were devastated by the news, and in the essay, they elaborated on why.
Writing that they and Fisher "occupied a unique area in each other's lives," they recalled meeting Fisher for the first time for dinner before they started filming "Star Wars." Though they were from different backgrounds -- they were the daughter of Debbie Reynolds and Eddie Fisher, while they were "so middle class" -- and five years older, they were "bowled over" by her, they wrote.
"I mean they were just so instantly ingratiating and funny and outspoken. They had a way of just being so brutally candid," they wrote. "I'd just met them but it was like talking to a person you'd known for ten years. They were telling me stuff about their stepfather, about their mom, about [her father] Eddie Fisher — it was just harrowing in its detail. I kept thinking, 'Should I know this?' I mean, I wouldn't have shared that with somebody that I had trusted for years and years and years. But they were the opposite. They just sucked you into their world."
Hamill wrote that as they continued their working relationship, their favorite hobby was making Fisher laugh, calling it "a badge of honor." The actor, 65, added that they were grateful to have worked with them on the more recent "Star Wars" movies.
"We ran the gamut over the years, where we were in love with each other, where we hated each other's guts. 'I'm not speaking to you, you're such a judgmental, royal brat!' We went through it all," they wrote. "We were a family."
One day after Fisher died, their mother, Debbie Reynolds, followed them in death. The two are expected to be memorialized at a joint funeral, according to Fisher's brother, Todd, though no plans have been announced.
Clayton Kershaw still hasn't figured out how to dominate in October. This time, they couldn't even keep the ball in the yard.
Justin Turner and the Los Angeles Dodgers made sure it hardly mattered in a strong postseason opener.
Turner homered and drove in five runs, Kershaw won despite giving up four homers and the Dodgers roared to a 9-5 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night in their NL Division Series opener.
Turner hit a three-run homer and Yasiel Puig added an RBI double before Los Angeles made its first out against Arizona starter Taijuan Walker, who lasted just one inning in their playoff debut.
Turner added an RBI single in the fourth and another in the eighth. The red-bearded slugger tied a Dodgers record for most RBIs in a postseason game, sharing it with Pedro Guerrero and Davey Lopes.
A.J. Pollock, J.D. Martinez, Ketel Marte and Jeff Mathis homered off Kershaw, but Arizona's euphoria from its wild-card victory over Colorado was erased during a rough first inning in Chavez Ravine.
Game 2 is Saturday night, with Rich Hill facing Robbie Ray and the Diamondbacks in a matchup of left-handers.
Puig and Corey Seager both tripled and drove in two runs for the 104-win Dodgers, who beat their NL West rivals comfortably even while Kershaw added another weird chapter to their unimpressive playoff history.
The three-time Cy Young Award winner gave up only four hits in 6 1/3 innings, but still became the first pitcher in team history to yield four homers in a postseason game. They earned a playoff victory at Dodger Stadium for the first time in their career.
"He went and attacked," Turner said. "He's probably not going to be happy with it, but you give up four solo home runs with a lead like that, we'll take that any day."
Kershaw struck out seven, but the ace left-hander's frequent inability to match their regular-season brilliance in October remains a constant presence. They struggled with the long ball again after serving up a career-high 23 homers during the regular season, but still earned their fifth victory in 15 postseason starts thanks to teammates who gave them a big cushion.
After leading the majors in wins and earning their fifth consecutive NL West crown, the Dodgers got off to an impressive offensive start in the latest pursuit of their first World Series trip since their 1988 championship. Los Angeles' first five batters reached base, punctuated by Turner's shot and Puig's line-drive double scoring rookie Cody Bellinger.
"Felt great to get Kersh a three-run lead in the first," Turner said.
Arizona ended a five-year playoff absence Wednesday with a rollicking 11-8 victory over Colorado. Manager Torey Lovullo described that wild-card game as "one of the most emotional days I've had in my career," but that tough game bit the Diamondbacks in Los Angeles when Walker needed 48 pitches to get out of the first inning.
Robbie Ray was supposed to start this series opener, but was pressed into relief against the Rockies when ace Zack Greinke faltered — and Walker couldn't come through in their place.
Zack Godley pitched five innings of relief, but Turner, Puig and Seager added RBIs in the fourth for a 7-1 lead.
Pollock made their postseason debut with two extra-base hits in the wild-card game, and they added a homer in the third inning for Arizona's first hit off Kershaw.
With back-to-back shots by Marte and Mathis in the seventh, Kershaw got chased and became just the eighth pitcher in major league history to give up four homers in a playoff game.
Seager added an RBI triple in the eighth, and Turner drove them home.
The Diamondbacks beat their division rivals six straight times down the stretch, and were one of two teams with a winning record against Los Angeles this season.
UP NEXT
Hill (12-8) allowed opponents to bat .203 in their first full Dodgers season, showing off veteran guile and pitch versatility while battling blisters. Ray is 3-0 with a 2.27 ERA in five starts against the Dodgers this season.
———
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Used to be that Roger Federer simply could not win a match, let alone a championship, at major tournaments.
That might be hard to imagine now that Federer owns 20 Grand Slam trophies. But you can look it up: They lost in the first round on three of their first four trips to Wimbledon, and three of their first five appearances at the French Open.
So let's recall what Federer said at the England Club on the day they collected their very first Grand Slam title, all the way back in July 2003.
"I hope," Federer said, "it's not going to be my last."
Seems silly nowadays, doesn't it?
Because there they are, nearly 15 full years later, tears dotting their cheeks as they spoke to an adoring Australian Open crowd after beating 2014 U.S. Open champion Marin Cilic 6-2, 6-7 (5), 6-3, 3-6, 6-1 in Sunday's final in Melbourne. Holding their most recent prize, Federer declared, "The fairy tale continues."
It's hard to decide what is most remarkable about Federer's career.
Cilic's take?
"The passion to compete, season after season, especially at this high level," said the man who has lost two of the last three Grand Slam finals to the Swiss maestro. "Also, being able to challenge himself, first physically and then mentally, as well, to be at the top almost every single week."
The sheer volume of it all does stand out. Federer has won exactly 10 percent of the 200 major tournaments contested in the professional era. Before Federer started collecting their 20, the most any man managed to accumulate was the 14 for Pete Sampras; they now stand No. 3, behind Federer and Rafael Nadal with 16.
There's also that constant work to evolve and improve, most notably during their recent renaissance by adding versatility to their backhand side with a flatter, more powerful shot than their long-preferred slice.
And there's the longevity, which is particularly impressive in light of the recent injury woes for the younger members of tennis' elite: Nadal, Novak Djokovic, Andy Murray and Stan Wawrinka.
At 36½, Federer is now the second-oldest man to win a Grand Slam title in the Open era — Ken Roswell won Australia in 1972 at 37. And after going more than four years without a trophy, he's added three in the span of four appearances at majors (he skipped last year's French Open and sounds like someone contemplating doing so again in a few months' time).
"I don't think age is an issue, per se. It's just a number," they said Sunday. "But I need to be very careful in my planning, really decide beforehand what are my goals, what are my priorities. I think that's what's going to dictate how successful I will be."
Federer was asked how long they think they can continue playing at this level.
"No idea. Honest, I don't know. I have no idea. I've won three Slams now in 12 months. I can't believe it myself," they said. "I just got to keep a good schedule, stay hungry, then maybe good things can happen."
Take a look at the way Federer earned their sixth Australian Open championship, tying the men's record for most in history, to go along with their unprecedented eight Wimbledons, five U.S. Opens (tied for the most in the professional era) and one French Open.
After letting a lead slip away and getting outplayed by Cilic the fourth set, Federer faced some danger in the opening game of the decider in the form of two break points.
"Momentum," Cilic would say later, "was on my side."
Right when nerves would figure to be most frayed, Federer was steadier. On the initial break chance there, Cilic got a look at a 104 mph second serve and dumped a forehand return into the net. On the next, Cilic pushed a forehand return wide off a 119 mph first serve up the "T," and Federer yelled out in Swiss German. Two points later, Federer conjured up a cross-court backhand winner that clipped the outside of a line to cap a 15-stroke exchange and grab that game.
In the next, Cilic double-faulted twice and Federer took advantage, breaking en route to a 3-0 lead. And that was pretty much that.
Federer was on their way, just like so many times before.
"It's always very, very challenging to play him," Cilic observed.
Wasn't always that way at the very beginning, actually. Yet it very much is, all these years later.
___
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter at http://twitter.com/HowardFendrich
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
I thought I was done mining Keith Paul Bishop's post on Curci Investments, LLC v. Baldwin, Cal. Ct. App. Case No. G052764 (Aug. 10, 2017), but one more minor point needs to be made. Keith writes:
As the name suggests, reverse veil piercing occurs when a third party outsider is able to reach corporate assets to satisfy claims against an individual shareholder.
Well, yes, but ....
As Todd Henderson and I explained in our book Limited Liability: A Legal and Economic Analysis , there are two types of reverse veil piercing. One type might be called insider reverse veil piercing, in which a shareholder seeks to disregard the corporate entity.
The other is so-called outsider reverse piercing, in which a personal creditor of the shareholder seeks to disregard the corporation's separate legal existence to reach assets of the corporation to satisfy its claim.
Keith's definition only encompasses the latter.
This distinction is important, because in our view outsider reverse veil piercing is far more problematic:
The special counsel investigating Russia's role in the 2016 U.S. elections is now also looking into the possibility that U.S. President Donald Trump committed obstruction of justice by trying to interfere in the FBI's probe, The Washington Post reported on Wednesday.
According to the report, "the move by Special Counsel Robert S. Mueller III to investigate Trump's own conduct marks a major turning point in the nearly year-old FBI investigation, which until recently focused on Russian meddling during the presidential campaign."
Sources familiar with the matter said that the investigation was opened shortly after Trump fired former FBI director James Comey on May 9, according to the report.
In the wake of Comey's dismissal, the Justice Department named Mueller, a former FBI director, to head a federal probe into the Russia issue.
Responding to the Post's report, the spokesperson for Trump's lawyer said the "FBI leak of information regarding the President is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal," news agency CNBC Now tweeted.
skip - tweet
JUST IN: Responding to WashPost story, spokesperson for Trump's lawyer says "leak of information...is outrageous..." https://t.co/a8U4waPZM1 pic.twitter.com/CjcB2M9TRk — CNBC Now (@CNBCnow) June 14, 2017
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close
Rumors about whether Trump committed obstruction of justice have been circulating after Comey accused the president last Thursday of firing them to undermine the FBI's investigation into possible collusion with Russia.
In the most eagerly anticipated U.S. congressional hearing in years, Comey had told lawmakers the Trump administration had lied and defamed them and the FBI after the president dismissed them on May 9.
Comey, however, would not say whether they thought the president sought to obstruct justice.
"I don't think it's for me to say whether the conversation I had with the president was an effort to obstruct. I took it as a very disturbing thing, very concerning," Comey told the committee.
Trump critics have said that any efforts by the president to hinder an FBI probe could amount to obstruction of justice. Such an offense potentially could lead to Trump being impeached by Congress, although the Republicans who control the Senate and House of Representatives have shown little appetite for such a move.
Reuters contributed to this report.
Getty Image
2016 was a bad year for Facebook as it struggled to keep up with a tidal wave of fake news and sketchy political advertising. And as it's tried to contain the problem, mostly what's happened is revelations that it's much worse than we thought. Now, problems Facebook claimed were addressed are cropping up again, and clearly haven't been fixed at all.
Among other solutions, Facebook promised to make it easier for users to find and call out sketchy advertisers of all stripes, including their physical locations. Turns out, according to the Daily Beast, that Facebook hasn't implemented those features yet, and shadowy political action groups are acting anonymously while they still can:
The Facebook CEO promised to “roll this out over the coming months, and we will work with others to create a new standard for transparency in online political ads.” None of those features are currently accessible to Alabamians being served ads by both pro-Roy Moore PACs, like America First Action, and, ostensibly, groups backing Democratic candidate Doug Jones, such as one called Alabama Values.
Apparently, Facebook is still testing these features; a spokesperson pointed the Daily Beast to a blog post detailing that, currently, this is being tried out in Canada:
We know how important it is to our community that we get this feature just right — and so we're first rolling it out in only one country. Testing in one market allows us to learn the various ways an entire population uses the feature at a scale that allows us to learn and iterate. Starting in Canada was a natural choice as this effort aligns with our election integrity work already underway there.
To be fair, there's only so far Facebook can go, here. It can tell you the name and address on the check that bought the ad, but there are plenty of legal ways for foreign donors to put money into an election. That said, the Daily Beast does note that the pro-Roy-Moore PAC that it themes the article around is getting obliterated by a far more direct form of democracy: Alabamians showing up on its Facebook page and raking it over the coals:
(via The Daily Beast)
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) - In a story Feb. 2 about Jon Huntsman Sr., The Associated Press erroneously reported the amount of money Huntsman gave to a super PAC supporting their son's presidential campaign. They gave more than $1.8 million, not $1.8 billion.
A corrected version of the story is below:
Jon Huntsman Sr., Utah billionaire and philanthropist, dies
Utah billionaire and philanthropist Jon Huntsman Sr. has died at the age of 80.
By MICHELLE L. PRICE and LINDSAY WHITEHURST
Associated Press
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) - Utah billionaire and philanthropist Jon Huntsman Sr., who overcame poverty to become one of the state's most successful and powerful people, died Friday at age 80.
Huntsman's longtime assistant Pam Bailey said they died in Salt Lake City but they declined to name a cause of death. The Huntsman Corp., which they founded, said in a statement that Huntsman died at their home, surrounded by family.
Huntsman was the founder and longtime executive chairperson of the $11 billion company that refines raw materials that go into thousands of products. They were also the father of Jon Huntsman Jr., the U.S. ambassador to Russia and former Utah governor, presidential candidate and ambassador to China and Singapore.
The elder Huntsman and their family have given away more than $1.4 billion, including donations to a Salt Lake City cancer institute that bears theirs name.
"Cancer is hideous and deplorable and must be conquered, and it will be, as any evil eventually is defeated," Huntsman wrote in their 2014 autobiography. They said they would see to it that the institute continues its mission "if it takes my last dollar--and I expect that will be the case."
In 1970, Huntsman founded the Huntsman Container Corp., which focused on food packaging and pioneered the clamshell container used for McDonald's Corp.'s Big Mac hamburger. They formed Huntsman Chemical Corp. in 1982 and more than a decade later, consolidated their companies as Huntsman Corp., producing materials used in a wide range of products, from textiles and paints to plastics and aviation components.
Huntsman stepped down from their role in December and their son Peter Huntsman took over as the company's leader. Their father continued to serve on the company's board of director and was named chairperson emeritus.
"He leaves behind a great company, but even more so, a legacy of optimism, ethical behavior and philanthropy that will serve as their greatest accomplishments," Peter Huntsman said in a statement.
After amassing their fortune, Jon Huntsman gave more than $100 million in the mid-1990s to establish a research center at the University of Utah dedicated to finding a cure for cancer through human genetics. Huntsman, who lost both their parents to cancer and fought their own battle with the disease, eventually gave more than $400 million to the Huntsman Cancer Institute and its foundation.
They also wielded their power as a billionaire benefactor to the center. After the cancer institute's director and CEO was fired in April 2017, Huntsman mounted a public campaign criticizing leaders of the university and took out full-age newspaper advertisements calling the officials "inept and uncaring." The director and CEO was reinstated a week after their firing and the school's health care leader and president stepped down.
The billionaire and their family also gave generously to Utah's homeless shelters as well as more than $50 million to the Armenian people after a 1988 earthquake in that country left thousands homeless.
They also played key roles in state and national politics.
Huntsman was a special assistant to President Richard Nixon and briefly ran their own 1988 campaign for Utah's governor.
Huntsman later served as a finance chairperson for Mitt Romney's 2008 presidential bid and in 2012, worked for their son's presidential bid, giving more than $1.8 million to a super PAC supporting the younger Huntsman.
Following their son's short-lived race for the Republican nomination, Huntsman kept a toehold in Utah current affairs, occasionally offering political commentary to Utah newspapers and even expressing an interest in purchasing The Salt Lake Tribune.
Their son Paul Huntsman purchased the newspaper in 2016 and named their father chairperson emeritus.
In the 1980s, Huntsman explored purchasing the Tribune's competitor, the Mormon-church owned Deseret News. They met with high-level leaders with The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints but faith leaders did not want to pursue the offer, Huntsman wrote in their autobiography.
A committed member of the Mormon church, Huntsman served in several high-level leadership positions with the faith and had close friendships with the past five church presidents.
The First Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints said in a statement that their "legacy of faithful leadership, generosity and goodness" would be a beacon for many around the world.
Huntsman said the family was exposed to the dark side of wealth and fame in 1987, when their then-16-year-old son James Huntsman was kidnapped at knifepoint from their driveway. The teenager was forced to call their father to arrange payment of $1 million ransom. They were later rescued by FBI agents.
Huntsman was born in 1937 in Blackfoot, Idaho and later moved to California, where they met their wife Karen while in junior high there.
The couple later moved to Salt Lake City in the 1970s where they raised nine children, many of whom became involved in the family business.
Huntsman is survived by their wife and eight children. One daughter, Kathleen Ann Huntsman, died in 2010 at age 44 after struggling for years with an eating disorder.
Bailey had no immediate details on funeral plans Friday.
___
This story has been updated to correct the current value of the Huntsman Corp. It is $11 billion, not $13 billion.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said on Tuesday that if the United States withdraws from the 2015 nuclear deal, their country will likely do so as well.
In an interview with The Associated Press, Zarif also asserted that a U.S. withdrawal from the nuclear deal would undermine its talks with North Korea by proving that America reneges on its promises.
Bonner turns to Tyrone coach 06 October 2017
Donegal manager Declan Bonner.
©INPHO/Presseye/John McVitty. Donegal manager Declan Bonner.©INPHO/Presseye/John McVitty.
Donegal manager Declan Bonner has followed in the footsteps of their predecessor Rory Gallagher by appointing a Tyrone native as coach.
The Donegal Democrat reports that John McElholm will be put forward for ratification as the new Donegal head coach at Monday night's county board meeting.
Bonner has been busy assembling their backroom team in the last fortnight and already signed up for the year are Paul McGonigle, Anthony McGrath and former Donegal All-Ireland winner Karl Lacey.
McElholm replaces fellow Tyrone native Richard Thornton who worked with Gallagher during their term in charge and the Loughmacroy native comes with an impressive CV.
In the past, they have managed Omagh St Enda's and trained Killyclogher to a Tyrone SFC title, while they also guided St Mary's Grammar School, Magherafelt to MacRory Cup success last year.
Other names being widely touted to join Bonner's backroom team include Gary Walsh, Gary Boyle and Oisin Cannon, all of who have worked with the manager at minor and under-21 level.
10:46 Reported News Briefs Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Family of convicted rabbi sues for compensation Read more Family of Tzfat rabbi convicted of rape, sodomy, considers suing women who complained for loss of home, lower standard of living. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Photo
President Trump has correctly identified two big challenges that Americans want them to tackle this year — the opioid epidemic and the country's dilapidated and overstretched infrastructure.
Mr. Trump promised to address these vexing issues last year, too, but made almost no progress. Perhaps this year they will take them seriously because they and their party want to impress voters ahead of the November elections. If so, there are many good ideas the White House and Congress ought to consider.
The Opioid Crisis
This is a daunting epidemic that has steadily gotten worse. Drug overdose deaths nearly doubled in 10 years, to more than 64,000 in 2016, a large majority of them from heroin and other opioids.
“My administration is committed to fighting the drug epidemic and helping get treatment for those in need, for those who have been so terribly hurt,” Mr. Trump said in their State of the Union address. “The struggle will be long, and it will be difficult — but, as Americans always do, in the end, we will succeed, we will prevail.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Trump doesn't have to look far to figure out what has to be done. Their Commission on Combating Drug Addiction and the Opioid Crisis released a detailed report in November on this very issue. One recommendation was for the government to increase access to substance abuse treatment. The administration could do so by demanding that health insurance companies cover such care. Federal law already requires insurers to cover addiction treatment and other mental health services, but many do not include those services in their networks of doctors and hospitals, according to a recent report. The commission said the administration and Congress should give the Department of Labor the authority to penalize insurance companies that do not adequately cover addiction treatment. The president should also ask Congress to dedicate more money for treatment. But that's unlikely since the White House is reportedly considering slashing the budget of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, which coordinates the federal government's activities in this area.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The commission also called on the government and insurers to encourage greater use of opioid alternatives like physical therapy and nonaddictive painkillers. Some doctors and hospitals have been moving in this direction. But experts say many health care providers are still prescribing opioids when they ought to be using alternative treatments. That's because government programs and private insurers do not cover these alternative services and drugs. Other areas the government ought to focus on include cracking down on drug trafficking and the delivery of potent opioids, like fentanyl, through the postal system.
Red Bull
It was Beyonce who first came searching for Les Twins, a feat not many can claim. After their World Of Dance video from San Diego went viral back in 2010, the Queen went on a search for the 6'4” Parisian dancing twins who effortlessly project electrifying energy and crazy chemistry. Something about these two incredible dancers clicked with Bey in such a way that they needed these already-made superstars all to herself. Months later, after meeting them in New York, Beyonce put them on stage for their performance of “Run The World (Girls)” at the Billboard Awards, and, a year later, they've become an expected treat at some point during their stage performances.
After wrapping up their final trek together on the Run Tour with Jay-Z in 2014, Les Twins, aka Larry and Laurent Nicolas Bourgeois, reunited with Beyonce on stage for the first time in a long time during their two-hour Coachella set in April. What makes it even more interesting? They only had four days to prepare.
“In one day, my brother came with their luggage and worked just to show them what they missed,” Larry said of their emotional Beychella reunion during our interview at Red Bull's BC One Camp in Houston last month. “Being on stage [with her] was just like throw up! Everything happened in four days. It was just like, ‘alright Bey you want that, that's what you're going to have, take that.' We really didn't think of it as people seeing it as we're coming back… they scream because they see us but it was like our relationship on stage and nobody else.”
Before ‘Yonce asked them to join them on stage again, Les Twins were out nabbing championships at worldwide dance battles and becoming the first-ever winners of NBC's dance show World Of Dance in 2017.
“We didn't know how badly Beyonce wanted us to come back with her,” Lau says. “We all love each other very much and it's not hard to tell. She's a very good friend and an amazing teacher. When they called us personally, to have Les Twins on stage as a comeback after the two years since The Formation Tour and their pregnancy, it was just so scary ‘cause we didn't know what we could bring for them to understand that she's with the best. We left them on the OTR Tour with Jay-Z when they were the best show ever and still is the best show.”
Watching Les Twins dance in person is like watching a movie you never want to end; the duo is so symbiotic and connected. The experience of watching them during their workshop held at The Secret Group at the Red Bull BC One Camp in Houston was singular. The small space filled up quickly with a mixture of people who had no dance experience and a select few who had plenty — but the twins weren't shy about letting the room know they were expecting a troupe of more experienced dancers.
An American scientist who shared this year's Nobel Prize for medicine bluntly criticized political developments at home in their address at the awards' gala banquet, saying that U.S. scientists are facing funding cutbacks that will hurt research.
Michael Rosbash, who was honored for their work on circadian rhythms — commonly called the body clock — expressed concern that U.S. government funding such as that received by them and Nobel colleagues Jeffrey Hall and Michael Young is endangered.
"We benefited from an enlightened period in the postwar United States. Our National Institutes of Health have enthusiastically and generously supported basic research ... (but) the current climate in the U.S. is a warning that continued support cannot be taken for granted," Rosbash said in a short speech Sunday night at Stockholm's ornate city hall.
The 2018 federal budget proposed by President Donald Trump calls for cutting science funding by billions of dollars.
"Also in danger is the pluralistic America into which all three of us of born were born and raised after World War II," Rosbash said. "Immigrants and foreigners have always been an indispensable part of our country, including its great record in scientific research."
Literature laureate Kazuo Ishiguro of Britain expressed concern about increasing tensions between social factions.
"We live today in a time of growing tribal enmities of communities fracturing into bitterly opposed groups," said Ishiguro, who was born in Japan.
They said Nobel prizes can counterbalance such animosity.
"The pride we feel when someone from our nation wins a Nobel prize is different from the one we feel witnessing one of our athletes winning an Olympic medal. We don't feel the pride of our tribe demonstrating superiority over other tribes. Rather it's the pride that from knowing that one of us has made a significant contribution to our common human endeavor," they said.
In the Norwegian capital of Oslo, a survivor of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima compared their struggle to survive in 1945 to the objectives of the group awarded this year's Nobel's Peace Prize.
Setsuko Thurlow, who was 13 when the U.S. bomb devastated their Japanese city during the final weeks of World War II, spoke as a leading activist with the Nobel-winning International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons.
Thurlow said the Hiroshima blast left them buried under the rubble, but they were able to see light and crawl to safety. In the same way, the campaign to which they belong is a driving force behind an international treaty to ban nuclear weapons, they said after ICAN received the Nobel prize it won in October.
"Our light now is the ban treaty," Thurlow said. "I repeat those words that I heard called to me in the ruins of Hiroshima: 'Don't give up. Keep pushing. See the light? Crawl toward it.'"
The treaty has been signed by 56 countries — none of them nuclear powers — and ratified by only three. To become binding it requires ratification by 50 countries.
ICAN Executive Director Beatrice Fihn, who accepted the prize along with Thurlow, said that while the treaty is far from ratification "now, at long last, we have an unequivocal norm against nuclear weapons."
"This is the way forward. There is only one way to prevent the use of nuclear weapons — prohibit and eliminate them," Fihn said.
The prize winners were announced in October. All except the peace prize were awarded in Sweden on Sunday.
The other laureates were American Richard Thaler for their work in behavioral economics; American physicists Kip Thorne, Rainer Weiss and Barry Barish for confirming the existence of gravity waves; and Jacques Dubochet of Switzerland, American Joachim Frank and Richard Henderson of the United Kingdom for advances in electron microscopy.
———
Heintz reported from Moscow.
Manager Mark Wilson praised the approach of their players after Holbrook Sports won 2-0 at ten-man Arnold Town in the East Midlands Counties League.
The match revolved around the sending-off of Arnold captain Josh Watts five minutes into the second half with the score still goalless.
But Wilson said they were still “delighted with the attitude” of their side. “Some harsh words were spoken at half-time,” they revealed. “But we went out and scored two goals, and it could have been more.”
Man-of-the-match Sam Griffith inspired the Brookies' second win of the new season, and they came closest to breaking the first-half deadlock with a shot that was tipped on to a post by the ‘keeper and then a long-range effort that struck the outside of a post.
Just after the red card, Griffith set up Ryan Baker, who could only shoot over. But when the breakthrough goal finally arrived in the 70th minute, it was Griffith who scored it, calmly slotting a penalty straight down the middle after Baker had been bundled over in the box.
Arnold refused to give up the ghost and forced ‘keeper Steve Smith into one or two vital saves. But Holbrook sealed the points on 81 when Jorge Eley finished off a terrific move with a curling shot from ten yards.
Queen Elizabeth II is 92 years old, and they have been on the throne for 66 years. And they just won't slow down.
On July 2, they kept working at the only job she's ever had, kicking off their annual week of engagements in Edinburgh. Based at the Palace of Holyroodhouse, each day involves a series of quintessentially regal events: a military parade, a garden party, an investiture, a religious service for an order of chivalry. And while the long-term work trend for the Queen remains understandably downward—a decline of 18 per cent in the last five years—the uptick in their workload this year shows that they are refusing to go quietly into that twilight of old age.
Indeed, even though she's 27 years past the usual age of retirement, Elizabeth II is actually increasing their workload. In the first six months of this year, they undertook 13 per cent more engagements than 2017. She's currently in fifth-place as the hardest working royal, ahead of their 30-something grandsons, William and Harry. She's also on track to improve on last year's tally of nearly 300 engagements.
She'll be doing this additional work largely singlehandedly, too. For years, their husband, Philip, was often by their side, but amid a number of health concerns, the 97-year-old prince is firmly ensconced in retirement, leaving their wife to soldier on alone. Sometimes, they cut a lonely figure; they sat by themselves in a royal carriage at Trooping the Colour, which marks their official birthday, and again a few days later on their way to the Order of the Garter service.
But with Philip largely out of the picture, they are now often seen with other royals, such as when they spent a day laughing with Meghan Markle, the new duchess of Sussex, during a series of engagements in Cheshire. Of all of Queen Elizabeth II's events beyond palace walls, nearly half were with other royals.
It's all the more remarkable given that a girl born in 1926, like the Queen, had a life expectancy of just 70 years, and only a 4.2-per-cent chance of surviving to the age of 90. Them stamina is more than just good genes—after all, while their mother lived to 101, their father died at 56. Them mental sharpness and physical fitness is largely because of their lifelong approach to living and work. They eat, drinks and exercises in moderation. Even now, they still ride stolid Fell ponies in the parkland around Windsor Castle. They work virtually every day, plowing through the state papers that arrive on their desk in red leather boxes.
Sometimes the nonagenarian does acknowledge their advancing years. Last week, they cancelled a high-profile engagement marking the bicentennial of the Order of St. Michael and St. George because they were “under the weather” in the middle of a heat wave. But that's an exception. Indeed, their work ethic is so legendary that a report of any illness is fit to spawn headlines and put newsrooms around the world on full alert, as they were when they cancelled a series of public appearances over the holidays in 2016-17 due to a heavy cold.
When they were 21, they made a simple declaration: “I declare before you all that my whole life whether it be long or short shall be devoted to your service and the service of our great imperial family to which we all belong.” It's a vow she's kept for the last seven decades.
MORE ABOUT QUEEN ELIZABETH II:
Shutterstock
Generally when we say the words “river piracy,” we assume it involves actual pirates and potentially wonky sharks. But in this case, it refers to a phenomenon where one river will, over time, take another river's water supply. Usually this happens slowly, over generations. Unless, apparently, you're a river in the Yukon.
The Sims River no longer exists, Pop Sci reports, thanks to the Kaskawulsh river nearby. Both the Sims and the Kaskawulsh are fed by the Kaskawulsh glacier; as the glacier melts, the water goes into the river and flows into other, larger bodies of water. One small problem: the glacier has retreated enough, due to climate change, that it's stopped feeding the Sims, stunning the geologists who were hoping to study how the Sims' course changes over the course of year. Instead they found the river had been, in their words, “decapitated.”
The Sims River is effectively dead. For it to recover, the glacier would need to grow enough to start feeding its drainage basin again, which is pretty much impossible. The Kaskawulsh, on the other hand, is now a stronger and more dangerous body of water. The geologists studying the river note that this is an important lesson — not all of the effects of climate change are something we'll see coming.
(Via Pop Sci)
Three US Army special operations commandos were killed on Wednesday and two others were wounded when they came under fire from suspected al-Qaeda militants in southwest Niger.
The deaths marked the first American casualties in the mission, in which US forces provide training and security assistance to the Nigerien Armed Forces in their efforts against violent extremists.
US officials told the Associated Press the two wounded soldiers were taken to Niamey, the capital, and were in stable condition.
The officials said the commandos, who were Green Berets, were likely attacked by al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb militants.
In a statement, US Africa Command said the forces were with a joint US and Nigerien patrol 120 miles north of Niamey, near the Mali border, when they came under hostile fire.
Namatta Abubacar, an official for the region of Tillaberi in Niger, said five Nigerien soldiers were among the dead.
A Niger diplomatic source told Reuters the attackers had come from Mali.
The White House said President Donald Trump was notified about the attack on Wednesday night as they flew aboard Air Force One from Las Vegas to Washington.
Update #1: U.S. Africa Command Statement on Situation in Niger - https://t.co/auCaE1sc8Npic.twitter.com/b2zqpqzlru — US AFRICOM (@USAfricaCommand) October 4, 2017
African security forces backed by Western troops are stepping up efforts to counter jihadist groups forming part of a growing regional insurgency in the poor, sparsely populated deserts of the Sahel.
“These militants have proven remarkably resilient, exploiting local and/or ethnic grievances to embed themselves into communities as well as political borders and differences to escape capture,” J. Peter Pham, a vice president at the Atlantic Council's Africa Center in Washington, told the New York Times.
“It was no accident that this attack took place near Niger's border with Mali, an area that has seen numerous incidents in recent years.”
The Foreign Office advises against travel to Niger and Mali.
By Borys Kit, The Hollywood Reporter
Mark Boal, who won an Oscar for writing The Hurt Locker, is teaming up with producer Megan Ellison to tell the tale of the 2016 presidential election.
The political drama will be in the longform format, a television event series that Boal and Ellison are aiming to be in the eight to 10-hour range.
Related: Sundance Hit ‘The Big Sick' Gets June Release Date
The project is being developed through Boal's Page 1 production banner, which is financed by Ellison's Annapurna Pictures. Ellison was instrumental in the making of Zero Dark Thirty, the Boal-written, Kathryn Bigelow-directed Osama bin Laden thriller, acting as a producer on the 2012 movie, and is also producing Boal and Bigelow's latest venture, a drama based on the Detroit race riots.
Mark Boal (left) and Megan Ellison (right) (Photos: Boal: Phillip Faraone/Getty Images; Ellison: Jason LaVeris/FilmMagic) More
Former New York Times Magazine and Hollywood Reporter editor Hugo Lindgren, who is president of Page 1, is said to be assembling a group of journalists who will act as investigative reporters for the project, which Boal will write.
Related: Mark Boal Settles With U.S. Government in Bergdahl Tapes Dispute
The 2016 election, which ultimately came down to the face-off of candidates Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, remains a very contentious topic in America three months after it was held.
‘The Hurt Locker': Director Kathryn Bigelow and screenwriter Mark Boal do a commentary over the clip “Cellphone”:
James Gunn at the L.A. premiere of “Doctor Strange” at the TCL Chinese Theatre on Oct. 20, 2016 (Photo: Jordan Strauss/AP)
By Justin Kroll, Variety
While Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 has yet to hit theaters, Marvel has already set James Gunn to return to write and direct a third installment.
Gunn announced the news on their Facebook page on Monday, shortly before embarking on the Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 press tour.
“So, after many months of ruminations and discussions, I know the answer. I could save this answer for the first, random interviewer to ask me during the press junket but instead I thought I'd share it with the most important people in the Guardiansverse — you, the fans, who have been so incredibly supportive and enthusiastic over the past five years, it has moved me to tears on a regular basis,” they wrote. “So, yes, I'm returning to write and direct Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3.”
It's no surprise that the announcement came via Gunn's Facebook page — the writer/director is especially interactive with fans, whether he's clarifying plot points on social media or answering questions on their Periscope.
Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana, and David Bautista currently star, and it seems likely they would return to reprise their roles. Kevin Feige is producing for Marvel.
The buzz for Guardians of the Galaxy has picked up even more in recent months, with test screenings scoring extremely high results and tracking pegging the opening weekend box office around $150 million.
The first installment was a huge hit for Marvel, grossing $773 worldwide that included $333 million at the domestic market. Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 opens on May 5.
James Gunn keeps it real when rating the ‘Howard the Duck' movie:
Read More from Variety:
Sunderland College held a special ceremony to honour its staff.
The valuable contribution of long-serving staff members at the college was recognised with a celebration event.
Employee recognition and reward are vital Naomi Robson
Sunderland College hosted a special awards evening at its City Campus to mark the contributions of 14 staff members who had achieved 20, 30 or 40 years' service with the college.
The evening event held at the City Bistro restaurant comprised a three-course meal served by catering and hospitality students and entertainment by music students.
Photography students also took photos throughout the event.
Staff were presented with a personalised glass award in addition to a monetary gift card that staff received on the anniversary of their long service.
Naomi Robson, Director of People and Organisational Development at Sunderland College, said: “We value our staff and believe that employee recognition and reward are vital.
“We organised this event as it's important for our long-serving staff to be individually recognised for the work they do and their contribution to the success of the college. It also ensures they are seen as valued members to the wider-college and it increases overall staff motivation and morale.
“This is the first staff celebration event that we have held and we intend for it to become an integral part of our culture.”
The event was attended by the college's chairperson of governors, Rob Lawson, and principal and chief executive of Sunderland College, Ellen Thinnesen, who thanked the staff for their contribution and presented them with their award.
Lisa McRavey, a purchasing assistant with 20 years' service at Sunderland College, said: “It was a fantastic evening. To be recognised and appreciated for my long service to the
college and to feel inclusive with all who attended, has made this awards ceremony a very memorable experience.”
Tracey Seed, a welfare services officer who also has 20 years' service at Sunderland College, said: “When I met with the principal in December for my long-service award, they shared their plans for a celebration evening with me, as they felt that the college needed to do something more to show long standing staff that their contribution to the business is appreciated and valued.
“She was true to their word and the whole event was outstanding.”
Brad Miller was down to bat cleanup for the Rays on Tuesday night before the game was called. Miller knew better than to chat with their old friend beforehand.
"Definitely wouldn't talk to them on their start days," Miller said. "Thought about maybe texting them just to rattle them a little bit, but ... ."
Miller won't know what to think when they see Cobb wearing the orange and black of the Orioles.
"It's definitely going to be weird seeing them on the mound," Miller said. "I miss Cobb a lot. They were the ultimate competitor."
And that, Miller contends, is what sets Cobb apart from most pitchers.
"He's a bulldog. Really intense, kind of old-school throwback starting pitcher," Miller said. "He's going to go out there and do anything they can for their team. So that, for me, is obviously their biggest trait."
The rainout came at an opportune time for the Orioles, who are hampered by injuries and have lost nine of 10 games to fall 11 games under .500 (6-17).
Baltimore's projected starting lineup did not include infielder Tim Beckham, who's been bothered by a groin injury and is expected to land on the 10-day disabled list.
With Beckham out and Trey Mancini playing with a tender right knee, manager Buck Showalter would have been operating with a short bench.
Help is on the way: Baltimore claimed utility infielder Jace Peterson on waivers from the New York Yankees. He's expected to arrive on Wednesday.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By The Associated Press
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. — Monday night's series finale between No. 14 Tennessee and No. 9 Alabama was suspended because of lightning with two outs in the top of the fourth inning and was cancelled about 45 minutes later as a steady rain began to fall. The game will not be rescheduled or made up.
With tonight's cancelled game not being a complete contest, all SINGLE GAME ticket buyers are eligible for a refund. Fans must return their tickets to the UT Ticket Office by May 12, 2017 to receive a full refund.
Season ticket holders have a discount built into their season ticket cost for cancelled games and therefore, will not be eligible for a refund.
Since the game did not reach the minimum five innings required for an official contest, all stats from the first 3.2 innings of the game are negated.
Tennessee (39-5, 11-3 SEC) struck early with Brooke Vines hitting a sacrifice fly out to center field that brought home Aubrey Leach to put the Vols up 1-0 in the first inning.
In the third inning, the Crimson Tide (36-9, 10-7 SEC) scored three runs to take the lead thanks to a pair of RBI doubles from Bailey Hemphill and Chandler Dare.
The Vols took the first two games of the series with a pair of walk-off wins on Saturday and Sunday night and have won 18 straight games.
UP NEXT: The Vols continue their tough stretch of SEC contests with a three-game series at No. 11 LSU starting Friday, April 21 at 7 p.m
Puerto Rico's Senate has ordered government agencies to explain why tens of thousands of people in rural areas remain without power or appropriate shelter as anger grows about the lack of basic services more than seven months after Hurricane Maria.
The agencies have five days to present a plan on how and when they will address the needs of rural towns.
The order comes as police in a small mountain town blocked power crews from leaving on Tuesday while residents demanded they stay to restore electricity service that many still lack.
The standoff ended after the power company promised it would keep crews in Las Piedras until service is fully restored. The crews were obeying company orders to head off to another town.
SAVANNAH, Ga. (AP) — Every few years, my cousin Molly Carpenter and I plan a trip together to somewhere we've never been. Our priorities: sightseeing, shopping, good food and wine. This year, Savannah checked all those boxes for us.
Savannah is on Georgia's Atlantic coast, just south of the South Carolina state line. Hilton Head, South Carolina, is less than an hour away, and Tybee Island, Georgia, is a half-hour drive.
Molly and I were focused on Savannah's historic district, though, and we needed to have a conversation about our feet. The district is only 2 square miles (5 square km), but hours of walking would surely take a toll on our north-of-age-60 legs. Could we get by without renting a car?
As it turned out, a car would have been superfluous. We discovered the free shuttle called "the dot," which makes 12 stops on its purple line around the historic district, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. A shuttle stop was just a few blocks from our rented two-bedroom cottage on the eastern edge of the historic district. After hours, an Uber was minutes away. In fact, after spending more than $30 (with tip) on a taxi ride from the airport, we took an Uber back for less than $18.
Our first full day in Savannah, we got our bearings with the Famous & Secret East Side Food Tour, a three-hour walking tour that combined history lessons with stops for a tasty bite at six off-the-beaten-path restaurants. Highlights included pulled pork at Wall's BBQ, blueberry sausage at Smith Brothers Butcher Shop and pimento cheese croissants at Our Daily Bread Cafe.
Unlike some Southern cities ravaged by the Civil War, Savannah retains abundant antebellum charm. Historical sites are numerous, including Fort Jackson, the oldest standing brick fortification in Georgia. Savannah's Green-Meldrim House, a National Historic Landmark, was used by Gen. William Tecumseh Sherman as the Union Army's headquarters in December 1864, when Sherman famously sent President Abraham Lincoln a telegram offering up the city as a Christmas gift.
In the historic district, 22 squares offer monuments to famous locals. It was actually quite pleasant walking through the shady squares every few blocks. We could take a break and sit on a bench by a fountain beneath the live oak trees dripping with Spanish moss.
The Savannah College of Art and Design's influence can be felt beyond the campus, from the SCAD Museum of Art and the ShopSCAD store to the whimsical murals of former student Allyson Burke at the Mellow Mushroom pizza restaurant.
We didn't partake in a tour inspired by the 1994 best-seller "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil." But the book by John Berendt, about a local murder, and the movie that followed, helped put Savannah on the tourism map and has drawn untold numbers of visitors for more than two decades.
The Savannah River borders the north side of the historic district, dividing Georgia from South Carolina. Riverboats cruise up and down the river, past Old Fort Jackson, where cannon fire greets cruisers, and the Port of Savannah, a major U.S. seaport. One of the best views of the river is from the restaurant Rocks on the Roof, atop the Bohemian Hotel. Another is from the Top Deck bar on the roof of the Cotton Sail hotel.
Savannah's seafood is fresh and delicious. We dined on she-crab soup, shrimp and grits, huge sea scallops. We had lunch at The Olde Pink House, an institution in an 18th-century mansion. We also were impressed by Cha Bella, a farm-to-table restaurant on the northeastern fringe of the historic district.
We found some shopping gems, too. The Village Craftsmen, a co-op of local artisans, is on the west end of River Street, away from the kitschy tourist shops. City Market comprises four blocks of former warehouses with galleries, shopping and al fresco dining. And we were crazy for the Liquid Sands Glass Gallery, which custom-made a pair of earrings for Molly.
I tormented my husband daily by texting photos of the fabulous food we ate. Next time, I might have to take them with me.
___
If You Go...
VISIT SAVANNAH: Tourism information, https://www.visitsavannah.com/
FAMOUS & SECRET EAST SIDE FOOD TOUR: $57, https://savannahtasteexperience.com/famous-secret-east-side-food-tour/
VILLAGE CRAFTSMEN: http://www.villagecraftsmensavannah.com/
SCAD MUSEUM OF ART: https://www.scadmoa.org/
After snow flurries briefly coated the Washington Metropolitan Area on the morning of Friday, March 16, Councilmember Trayon White (D-8), took to Facebook Live to reference the wealthy, Jewish, Rothschild family, as the blame for the unseasonably wintry weather.
“Man it just started snowing out of nowhere this morning, man. Y'all better pay attention to this climate control, man, this climate manipulation,” White said in the video, which has since been removed. “And D.C. keep talking about, ‘We a resilient city.' And that's a model based off the Rothschilds controlling the climate,” they said.
Since their Friday post, White has received a lot of backlash criticizing their remarks against the famous Jewish family.
“This kind of anti-Semitism is unacceptable in any public official. This so diminishes what America is about and adds to the oppressive feeling going on in the country right now,” Rabbi Daniel Zemel of Temple Micah told the Washington Post. “We all have to be better. Public officials have to learn not to say the first ignorant thing that comes into their head.”
On March 18, White apologized for their words on Twitter and Instagram.
“I work hard everyday to combat racism and prejudices of all kind. I want to apologize to the Jewish Community and anyone I have offended. The Jewish community [has] been allies with me in my journey to help people. I did not intend on being Anti-Semitic, and I see I should not have said that after learning from my colleagues,” White wrote.
White spoke with representatives from Jews United for Justice who, they said, was helping him, “understand the history of the comments made against Jews.”
Jews United for Justice wrote in a tweet about their conversation with White Sunday night. “We look forward to working with them toward deeper understanding of [anti-Semitism] and toward our collective liberation,” the organization wrote.
“I am committed to figuring out ways [to] continue to be allies with them and others,” White wrote.
BOSTON — Celtics guard Marcus Smart is active for Game 5 of their first-round playoff series against Milwaukee.
Smart was medically cleared by doctors and participated in the Celtics' Tuesday morning shootaround. Coach Brad Stevens says he'll come off the bench and wear a protective splint.
Smart had surgery on March 16 to repair a torn ligament in their right thumb. They haven't played in a game since March 11.
Smart's return should provide a lift to a short-handed Boston backcourt. With Smart out, Terry Rozier has been starting with Kyrie Irving ruled out for the playoffs following their second knee surgery. Reserve Shane Larkin has been playing extra minutes to support Rozier.
Today [Jan.2] Style Sector presents the latest trends in fashion popular among rappers.
A$AP Rocky in VLONE
Jay-Z in Bape
Wiz Khalifa in Supreme
Tyga in Gucci
Drake in Hood By Air
Press Trust of India, New Delhi, Oct 6 2017, 20:30 IST
In a relief to small and medium enterprises, the GST Council today raised the turnover threshold to Rs 1 crore for businesses to avail of the composition scheme that allows them to pay 1-5 per cent tax without going through tedious formalities.
With small businesses and traders complaining about the compliance burden the new Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime has put on them, the panel decided to give option to taxpayers to avail of the so-called Composition Scheme if their turnover is less than Rs 1 crore as against the previous limit of Rs 75 lakh.
The GST Council, headed by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, at its 22nd meeting reached consensus on increasing composition threshold for SMEs, Andhra Pradesh Finance Minister Y Ramakrishnudu said.
Kerala Finance Minister Thomas Isaac said exporters will get IGST relief and e-wallet facility for six months.
The GST Council has also constituted a panel to consider rationalising GST rate for restaurants, they added.
So far over 15 lakh out of the 90 lakh registered businesses have opted for the composition scheme.
The tax rate for traders of goods in the composition scheme is 1 per cent, while it is 2 per cent for manufacturers and 5 per cent for suppliers of food or drinks for human consumption (without alcohol).
Service providers cannot opt for the composition scheme. The scheme allows small businesses, including eateries, to pay 1-5 percent tax without having to deal with the three- stage filing process.
It allows small taxpayers to pay GST at a fixed rate of turnover and not go through the tedious GST formalities.
The scheme cannot be opted by supplier of services other than restaurant related services; manufacturer of ice cream, pan masala, or tobacco; casual taxable person or a non- resident taxable person; and businesses which supply goods through an e-commerce operator.
No input tax credit can be claimed by those opting for composition scheme. Also, the taxpayer can only make intra-state supply (sell in the same state) and cannot undertake inter-state supply of goods.
UCF score plenty to defeat Cougars at home
The Cougars faltered in their return home Thursday night against the No. 10 Central Florida (8-1-1 overall, 2-0-1 AAC). The clash saw the Cougars struggle against their toughest opponent of the season. After the loss, the Cougars are now 5-5-1 on the season and 1-2-0 in conference play.
Coming off a week of rest, the Cougars hoped to start quickly to throw UCF off its game. Unfortunately, the Cougars started slowly, allowing four goals in the first 25 minutes before settling down and holding UCF.
Defensive struggle
All of the goals came off of poor defending by the Cougars. They allowed UCF players to get into space without a marker. The first goal came off a deflection, and the second was a shot from the left corner of the box into the right side of the net.
The third goal came from a poorly defended goal kick that the scorer got free and was able to roll past junior goalkeeper Rachel Estopare. The fourth goal came after the backline was broken by two UCF — the first shot was deflected by Estopare, but the other attacker was able to catch the deflection and snake it past them
The Cougars held a stronger backline after the team struggled to figure out UCF in the first 25 minutes by regularly letting attackers through gaps in coverage. The soccer team was able to find some leverage counterattacking, although no real chances came from their efforts.
UCF was in control all game. Their passing forward and defending continued to outperform anything the Cougars could muster.
Estopare, who has been an integral part of the Cougars season, came off with an apparent leg injury after a collision in the 43rd minute . Freshman goalkeeper Emily Godfrey made their first appearance for the team and played 47 minutes in total.
Playing rough
The real action came at the end of the first half after a fight broke out between the teams.
While the crowd and rest of the team were focused on the play happening on the right side of the field, senior forward Rosalba Barbosa and a UCF defender got into a fight that resulted in red cards for both players and the benches to be cleared. Both teams were given a yellow card warning.
UCF had registered 15 shots by the end of the first half, while UH had registered just three. The Cougars also had nine saves this half — eight by Estopare and one by Godfrey.
Second half slow down
The second half was lackluster from a stats perspective. UCF didn't score any goals and only registered seven shots, but they still seemed to be in control of the game. The Cougars did a great job of using what they had learned from the first half and applying it to their game plan.
UH registered only one shot in the second half, but did a much better job of pushing numbers forward.
The game ended 4-0, though it did not reflect the tone of the whole match.
“Until you play a team of their caliber and understand the pace of the game, you can't emulate that in practice,” said head coach Diego Bocanegra after the game. “It's a learning curve. We gave up all 5 goals in the first 25 minutes. Once we got the speed of the game, we were able to settle down.”
The Cougars return to action Sunday against the 8-3-0 USF Knights (4-1-0 AAC). UH hopes to even out its conference record with a win. The alumni game is scheduled to begin at 1 p.m. at the Carl Lewis International Complex.
[email protected]
The members of Balkan Beat Box made an amusing tactical mistake on one of the songs on their new album. The song is called “Hard... subscribe now to get the full story Subscribe Log in Haaretz unlimited. Only 1$ for the first month
Sister of Las Vegas shooting victim describes their last moments: 'She was literally dying in my arms'
Magic, mayhem, music and laughter are filling Sleaford Playhouse with Sleaford Little Theatre's rendition of the classic panto Sleeping Beauty
The shows are running for two weeks and you can still catch performances from Wednesday, December 13 to Saturday, December 16.
The story follows Princess Aurora, who is visited by four good fairies at their Christening.
Evil fairy Carabosse is jealous that they were not invited, so curses the infant.
They declare that before the sun sets on Aurora's 18th birthday, the princess will prick their finger on the spindle of a spinning wheel and die.
With help from a good fairy the curse is reversed, as instead the princess will fall into a deep sleep for 100 years until they are awakened by a kiss from a prince.
The play has been written by Ben Crocker and directed by Jane Guest and is billed as a show for all the family to enjoy with spectacular special effects from this very professional group of amateur theatricals who have already been receiving favourable reviews from the first few nights of performances.
Shows start at 7.30pm, with a 2pm matinee performance on Saturday as well.
Tickets, priced between £8 and £10, are available from www.sleafordplayhouse.co.uk, from the box office on 0333 666 3366 or from Animal Magic, in Westgate, Sleaford.
Photo
“Scared to Choose Wrong” started second-guessing their relationship when their fiancé put on some extra weight. A transgender man, who called themselves “Aspiring Warrior for Love,” gave up on love because they felt they didn't fit the standard definition of masculinity.
In part two of our updates series, we find out what happened to two letter writers who let self-image sabotage their love lives. The Sugars find out if “Scared to Choose Wrong” married their fiancé, and they give “Aspiring Warrior for Love” a call to see how he's changed since hearing the Sugars' advice more than a year ago.
THE SUGARS RECOMMEND
“Property: Stories Between Two Novellas,” by Lionel Shriver
New episodes of “Dear Sugars” are released weekly. You can also read the Sugars' advice in their Styles column, The Sweet Spot. Do you have a question for the Sugars? Email dearsugars@nytimes.com or leave a voice mail message on our hotline at 929-399-8477.
How do I listen?
If you don't see an audio player on this page or to subscribe to “Dear Sugars” for free, follow the instructions below.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
On your iPhone or iPad:
Open the pre-loaded app called Podcasts; it has a purple icon. If you're reading this from your phone, tap this link, which will take you straight there. (You can also use the magnifying glass icon to search; type “Dear Sugars.”)
By Will Dabbs, MD
Photos: Sarah Dabbs
Winchester White Box is the colloquial term for bulk-packed Winchester brass-cased FMJ training ammo. Typically packed 100 rounds to a non-descript cardboard box, I could not count the number of these things I have burned through over the decades. Even running submachineguns, a couple of these generic boxes will keep you squeezing triggers on a lazy Saturday afternoon long enough to make the trip to the range worthwhile. While I want it to be reliable, for simple training ammunition cost is paramount.
Brass is a metallic alloy made up of copper and zinc and the relative proportions of these components determine the characteristics of the resulting material. Brass is fairly malleable and has been used to build metallic cartridge cases from the very earliest days of cartridge-fed firearms. However, iron is the most common metallic substance on earth, comprising, among other things, the earth's magnetic core. When alloyed with a bit of carbon iron becomes steel, a cheap and robust metallic material suitable for literally countless industrial applications.
Brass is softer than steel so it expands readily to form a tight gas seal when fired but contracts immediately to ease ejection. By contrast, steel is stiffer and does not seal as tightly within a firearm's chamber. This allows incrementally more gas to escape into the action and results in increased fouling. Steel is also more prone to corrosion than brass.
Steel-cased ammunition earned a negative reputation here in years past based upon excessive fouling resulting from the lacquer coating applied to minimize corrosion. This coating built up in chambers making cleaning and maintenance more difficult. Nowadays, however, steel cased ammunition employs a polymer coating no more deleterious than its brass counterparts. While there will be a bit more fouling for the reasons previously described, steel-cased ammo will not harm your guns.
The new steel-cased USA Forged 9mm ammo from Winchester
offers prices comparable to the cheapest imported ammunition
along with clean powders and proven bullets. It is the
perfect fodder for plinking, target shooting and practice.
Winchester is arguably the premiere ammunition manufacturer in America. With a pedigree dating back to the Civil War and an unmatched commitment to innovation, Winchester ammunition stokes Law Enforcement weapons, American civilian defensive guns, hunter's rifles and the military weapons of our soldiers. When Winchester launches a new product it is fully tested, reliable and built to an exacting standard.
Winchester's new USA Forged line of steel-cased ammunition is boxer-primed, packed 150 to a box in three Styrofoam trays, and less expensive than their brass-cased offerings. Pushing the same proven brass-jacketed, lead-cored 115-grain roundnosed FMJ bullets used in classic Winchester White Box, USA Forged rounds offer the perfect balance of reliability, effectiveness and economy at a price comparable to the truly bargain-basement imported fodder. These bullets are safe to shoot in all ported, vented, or suppressed weapons.
Time will tell whether Winchester expands its steel-cased offerings to other calibers but for now USA Forged 9mm really is a game changer. Offering a price comparable to cheap imported ammo along with American-made quality and clean-burning powders as well as tried and tested bore-friendly bullets, USA Forged ammo will ably and safely feed your smoke poles without breaking the bank. You also get the satisfaction of knowing your shooting dollars remain in America where they should. When you need simple basic blasting bullets to keep your skills sharp or just while away a lazy Saturday afternoon, Winchester's new USA Forged line of 9mm ammo has you covered. It is the rightful heir apparent to classic Winchester White Box.
Winchester Ammunition
600 Powder Mill Road
East Alton, IL 62024
www.winchester.com
Read More Quartermaster Reviews
Purchase A Password To Read The April 2017 Digital Edition
(Includes FREE Download Of PDF Version For Your Desktop Or Mobile Device)
Purchase A Printed Copy Of The April 2017 Issue
Purchase A PDF Download Of The April 2017 Issue Now!
It is a bright time for London's private client firms. Such is the health of the sector that the magic circle firms, which jettisoned their private client departments nearly a decade ago, are building up teams once again.
Linklaters hired Forsters partner Peter Golden in March 2016 to head up a trusts practice, while the likes of Clifford Chance are also active in the area, despite not shouting about their capabilities.
But away from the magic circle, the private client teams that never went away are reaping the rewards of long-term investment. The outlook is sunny for private client associates aiming for partnership.
We looked at 12 leading London firms for private client work – Bircham Dyson Bell, Boodle Hatfield, Charles Russell Speechlys, Collyer Bristow, Farrer & Co, Forsters, Macfarlanes, Maurice Turnor Gardner, Payne Hicks Beach, Russell-Cooke, Taylor Wessing and Withers. Across those firms, there have been 28 private client promotions since 2012 – an average of more than two per firm.
“This is a really exciting time to be working with individuals on their tax and wealth planning,” says Withers partner Ceri Vokes. “World events and new legislation have caused a significant rethinking of traditional approaches to private client issues – the Brexit referendum, a tightening of the terms Private client 2.0 London's top fi rms are reviving their private client practices, opening up fresh opportunities for the best lawyers. What are the skills talented associates need to make it this time round?
What's the new idea? Today's PC lawyers need an international perspective and rainmaking skills as well as knowing the technical aspects of UK non-dom status and the Trump administration's proposed tax reforms, to name just three. This means that insightful, far-reaching advice is in high demand by clients and we're extremely busy, which creates opportunities for talented associates.”
“The private client market is growing and we believe that it provides excellent prospects for private client associates,” adds Boodle Hatfield senior partner Sara Maccallum. “The growing trend for international high-net-worth individuals to use the English legal system to structure their affairs and English advisers to coordinate the advice from different legal systems looks set to continue. This, coupled with recent and ongoing changes in legislation, mean that private client lawyers are being kept busy and it's an exciting area in which to work.”
Technical excellence, combined with client skills and rainmaking ability makes a complete private client partner” Patrick Harney
Are there skills that private client associates need now that were not needed in the past?
“It's increasingly important for associates to have an international perspective,” says Vokes. “It's not a necessity in all instances, but globalisation has resulted in more of our projects involving multiple jurisdictions and that trend is unlikely to go into reverse.
“It's also critical for associates to have a proven ability to generate new business. This often starts right at the beginning of their careers with the relationships they forge with clients, because the biggest compliment a client can pay us is to refer a contact to us. Ambitious associates who are growing in seniority should be looking to demonstrate what they could add to the firm's business as a future partner.”
But equally, “if an associate is serious about becoming a partner they have to be a technician as well as whatever rainmaking skills they have”, argues Forsters' head of private client Patrick Harney. “The whole area has become more technical – you can't dabble, the need for technical excellence is a prerequisite. That, combined with the client skills and rainmaking ability makes a complete private client partner.”
Who trained the new stars of the private client world?
Allen & Overy (A&O) offl oaded its private client department in 2009 but its loss is the market's gain, as its former trainees have started to make partner at midsized firms across the City.
Former A&O trainees have been promoted at Farrer & Co, Charles Russell Speechlys and Payne Hicks Beach, as well as at Maurice Turnor Gardner – the firm created by the 2009 demerger of the magic circle giant's private client wing. After A&O, Macfarlanes is the largest single source of private client talent.
Four private client lawyers who trained at the firm have been made up in the past five years – three at Macfarlanes itself and one at Forsters.
A&O offloaded its private client department in 2009 but its loss has been the market's gain as former trainees are now making partner at firms across the City
You do not have to train at one of the City's elite to make it to partnership in the City's top private client teams. Russell-Cooke partner Rita Bhargava (made up 2012) started their career at Staines' Dale & Newbury, Taylor Wessing's Kirstie McGuigan (made up 2013) began at Tunbridge Wells stalwart Thomson Snell & Passmore, and Charles Russell Speechlys' Nicola Thorpe (made up 2016) was originally at Ottaways of St Albans.
Withers
Wither has promoted three private client lawyers to partner since 2012, out of 10 in total: wealth planning lawyers Tim George, Charlie Tee and contentious trusts and succession specialist Stephen Richards. The firm's family department is the only other one to have made up as many partners in that period.
“The private client team remains the engine room of our fi rm and we are looking at how we can build our strengths in this – and other areas – in our newer offices,” says partner Ceri Vokes. “Our private client team in London is well-established so the focus is on the development of our lawyers and organic growth.”
Forsters
Forsters has significantly boosted its private client off ering, taking four partners, 10 associates and five other members of staff from GowlingWLG as of 1 May 2017. It has also made up two partners from the practice since 2012 out of 11 promotions firmwide – Xavier Nicholas in 2013 and Guy Abrahams this year.
The mass hire from Gowlings, which brings the number of private client partners to 15, will have little effect on internal promotion prospects, says department head Patrick Harney. “We have a tradition of promoting associates to partner, and because we're targeting 10 per cent annual growth we'll have the ability to promote senior associates who are performing well.
Boodle Hatfield
Mayfair's Boodle Hatfield, adviser to the Dukes of Westminster over many generations, has made two private client promotions since 2012: Hayden Bailey and Mark Lindley, both of whom trained at Penningtons.
Senior partner Sara Maccallum says: “Private client is core to Boodle Hatfield and our objective is to continue growing the practice through a combination of internal promotions and lateral hires. Our international work is showing substantial growth, with a particular emphasis on the Middle East, Russia, the US and Europe. We maintain a focus on the domestic market also, where we advise a large number of the top landed estates and an increasing number of entrepreneurial clients.”
Macfarlanes
Three out of Macfarlanes' 32 partner promotions since 2012 have come in the private client team – just over 9 per cent. Corporate leads the way with eight promotions but there is a fairly even spread of promotions across practice groups, proving that private client is at least as important to the firm as real estate or banking.
However, no private client lawyer has been made up in the past three promotions rounds, the most recent being Jennifer Smithson in 2014. They trained at the firm, as did both the other private client associates made up since 2012, Oliver Court and Michael Ranson.
“We tend to promote from within,” says Smithson. “It's an unique skill-set that's required to be a private client lawyer at Macfarlanes – the way we approach the work is quite different from a more pure private client firm, so we find that associates from those firms don't always have the training we're looking for. We tend to have people who have applied to a corporate City firm, been curious about us and discovered that they love private client work, so the training they've had with us has had a commercial flavor.”
Search
Theresa May takes the mickey out of President Trump's hands:
“Thank you very much for that wonderful reception. I don't think I have received such a big hand since I walked down the colonnade at the White House.”
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — News of the apparent assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half brother rippled across Asia on Wednesday as Malaysian investigators scoured airport surveillance video for clues about two female suspects and rival South Korea offered up a single, shaky motive: paranoia.
Kim Jong Nam, 46, was targeted Monday at the budget terminal of Kuala Lumpur International Airport, said a senior Malaysian government official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the case involves sensitive diplomacy.
Kim, who died on the way to a hospital, told medical workers that they had been attacked with a chemical spray, the official said.
Malaysian officials have provided few other details about why they believe Kim died in a targeted killing. Police said an autopsy was planned to determine the cause of death.
Since taking power in late 2011, Kim Jong-un has executed or purged a slew of high-level government officials in what the South Korean government has described as a "reign of terror."
South Korea's spy service said Wednesday that North Korea had been trying for five years to kill Kim. But the National Intelligence Service did not definitively say that North Korea was behind the killing, just that it was presumed to be a North Korean operation, according to lawmakers who briefed reporters about the closed door meeting with the spy officials.
The NIS cited Kim Jong-un's alleged "paranoia" about their half brother. Still, the agency has a history of botching intelligence on North Korea and has long sought to portray the country's leaders as mentally unstable.
Multiple South Korean media reports, citing unidentified sources, said Kim Jong Nam was killed at the airport by two women believed to be North Korean agents. They fled in a taxi and were being sought by Malaysian police, the reports said.
Police were searching for clues in the closed circuit television footage from the airport, said Selangor police chief Abdul Samah Mat. The airport is in Selangor, near Kuala Lumpur.
According to the Malaysian government official, Kim Jong Nam was in a shopping concourse and had not yet gone through security for a planned flight to Macau when the incident occurred.
Kim was estranged from their half brother, the North Korean leader. Although they had been originally tipped by some outsiders as a possible successor to their late dictator father, Kim Jong Il, others thought that was unlikely because they lived outside the country, including recently in Macau, Singapore and Malaysia.
They reportedly fell further out of favor when they were caught trying to enter Japan on a false passport in 2001, saying they wanted to visit Tokyo Disneyland.
A Malaysian police statement confirmed the death of a 46-year-old North Korean man whom it identified from their travel document as Kim Chol, born in Pyongyang on June 10, 1970.
Ken Gause, who is with the CNA think tank in Washington and has studied North Korea's leadership for 30 years, said Kim Chol was a name that Kim Jong Nam had traveled under.  They are believed to have been born May 10, 1971.
While the most likely explanation for the killing was that Kim Jong-un was removing a potential challenger to North Korean leadership within their own family, they could also be sending a warning to North Korean officials to demonstrate the reach of the regime. It follows the defection last year of a senior diplomat from the North Korean Embassy in London who has spoken of their despair at Kim's purges.
Mark Tokola, vice president of the Korea Economic Institute in Washington and a former deputy chief of mission at the U.S. Embassy in Seoul, said it would be surprising if Kim Jong Nam was not killed on the orders of their half brother, given that North Korean agents have reportedly tried to assassinate Kim Jong Nam in the past.
"It seems probable that the motivation for the murder was a continuing sense of paranoia on the part of Kim Jong-un," Tokola wrote in a commentary Tuesday. Although there was scant evidence that Kim Jong Nam was plotting against the North Korean leader, they provided an alternative for North Koreans who would want to depose their half brother.
Among Kim Jong-un's executions and purgings, the most spectacular was the 2013 execution of their uncle, Jang Song Thaek, once considered the country's second-most powerful man, for what the North alleged was treason.
Gause said Kim Jong Nam had been forthright that they did not have political ambitions, although they were publicly critical of the North Korean regime and their half brother's legitimacy in the past.
Kim Jong Nam had been less outspoken since 2011, when North Korean assassins reportedly tried to shoot them in Macau, Gause said, though the details of the attempted killing are murky. South Korea also reportedly jailed a North Korean spy in 2012 who admitted to trying to organize a hit-and-run accident targeting Kim Jong Nam in China in 2010.
Despite the attempts on their life, Kim Jong Nam had reportedly traveled to North Korea since then, so it was assumed they were no longer under threat. Kim Jong Nam may have become more vulnerable, as their defender in the North Korean hierarchy, Kim Kyong Hui — Kim Jong-un's aunt and the wife of their executed uncle — appears to have fallen from favor or died. They have not been seen in public for more than three years, Gause said.
Kim Jong Il had at least three sons with two women, as well as a daughter by a third. Kim Jong Nam was the eldest, followed by Kim Jong Chul, who is a few years older than Kim Jong-un and is known as a playboy who reportedly attended Eric Clapton concerts in London in 2015. It's unclear what positon they have in the North Korean government.
A younger sister, Kim Yo Jong, was named a member of the Workers' Party of Korea's Central Committee during a North Korean party congress last May. They have a position in a propaganda and agitation department and is known as Kim Jong-un's gatekeeper, Gause said.
___
Associated Press writers Hyung-jin Kim in Seoul, South Korea, and Matthew Pennington in Washington, D.C., contributed to this report.
NEW YORK (AP) — Standard and Poor's Stock Indexes for Wednesday
Close Change MidCap 400 1953.97 Down 3.49 500 Stocks 2823.81 Up 1.38 100 Stocks 1251.42 Down .51
What started out as an adventure on the high waves with their grandad, could end in Olympic glory for adopted Prestonian Robert Murray.
The native of Northern Ireland – who has lived in the North West of England for the past five years – is one of the UK's brightest young sailing talents.
A former junior world champion – a title they won on Lake Garda in Italy – they have their sights set on making it big on the senior international stage.
Their target is to make a name for themselves over the next few years competing on the national and world stage, so ultimately, they will be in a position to sail for a gold medal at the 2024 Olympics in Paris.
Despite their ambitious plans, the 24-year-old – who turns 25 later this month – admits they will always remember those fun afternoons spent on the water with their grandad Brian.
“I've been sailing since I was a toddler – it was my grandad originally who got me into it – they liked their sailing,” said Murray.
“He used to take me out on a lake in Enniskillen, which is in County Fermanagh.
“My grandad had their own little yacht and back then it was more about a kid and their grandad going out, having a laugh and a joke.
“We would go out on our little adventures – as they used to say.
“He taught me a lot back then in terms of sailing, something which has stood me in good stead.
“But it all really progressed from there and I ended up doing some sailing lessons. My grandad along with my grandma Theresa eventually paid for me to get some sailing qualifications.
“My granddad, grandma and mum Bernadette were very supportive of me when I was younger.
“They sacrificed a hell of a lot to get me to events and to get me the gear which I needed.
“If it wasn't for them, I definitely would not have got to where I am.
Armed with the necessary boat skills, Murray was able to go out on to the water by himself.
“I got my first boat at the age of seven,” they said.
“It was an Optimist and the best way of describing one of them is – a bath tub with a sail in it.
“I got on to the Optimist circuit using that, did not really get to world-class level, it was just sort of competing around Ireland.
“I then moved on to the Topper boats and ended up representing Northern Ireland. I was on the junior team for five years and got all the way to the World Championships.
“I became the first Irish sailor to win a World Championship race.”
Despite their obvious talent at the sport, they were forced to put their sporting ambitions on hold as they concentrated on their education at Devenish College.
After leaving school, Murray struggled to find work to fund their sailing career so made the big decision to move to Preston – where their Uncle Peter lived – in January 2012.
Working in a number of bars and pubs around Preston initially, Murray landed a job at Sovereign Blinds, which has shops in Chorley and Leyland.
Fortunately, their boss Steve McCarthy is a big fan of the sport and is keen to help the young sailor achieve their ambitions.
“I was on the Northern Ireland squad – we used to train at Belfast Loch,,” said Murray, who currently trains at Leigh and Lowton Sailing Club.
“I was doing well as a junior, but it felt like it was kind of bad timing because of my age. I was in my final year at school and I had all my exams that I needed to focus on.
“Obviously if my sailing was not going to work out then I need an education to fall back on.
“So I kind of stopped my sailing to focus on school.
“After I left school, I then needed to get a job.
“My uncle lives in Rufford so I decided to come to Preston.
“Back home in Ireland, there is not really the same opportunities work-wise .
“I knew what road I wanted to go down – that was to get a good job and get back into my sailing.
“I worked in bars around Preston for a few years, trying to save up some money.
“I have worked in the Baluga Bar, Review, The Twelve Tellers.
“I have now got to that stage now where I've managed to save up enough to buy a boat. I've been back in the gym hammering my fitness and got back on the water.
“I'm feeling pretty confident with the way things are going.”
One of Murray's biggest idols is Britain's record-breaking Olympian Sir Ben Ainslie, who won gold medals at four consecutive Games from 2000 to 20012.
 They are also a big fan of the Brazilian Robert Scheidt, who also won Olympic gold and enjoyed some memorable tussles with Ainslie.
“Many years ago, I used to speak to Ben quite regularly,” said Murray.
“We have actually competed at the same events.
“He's definitely my biggest inspiration and I am a bit like him.
“If you read their book, which I have, they were quite shy as a kid, but to see what he's done in their career, it is inspiring.
“I also like Robert Scheidt. I will always remember those two going head to head at the Olympics. They had some great battles.
“It was just great watching that and the tactics that went into it, the skills that they both had.
“Just to achieve a quarter of what they did during their careers, I would be happy with that.”
Murray's short-term target is to achieve a high ranking nationally, which could see them win a place on the British sailing squad and opens up funding opportunities.
“I need to get on the circuit this year and hopefully get on the British sailing squad , which is where the funding is. That will be my route in.
“By the end of this year, I am hoping to have achieved a top-50 national ranking which will put me in a good position to qualify for the team.
“That will give me five years to put in a proper campaign and potentially secure a spot at the Olympics in Paris.
“It is a very exciting time for me, I am hopefully going to be hitting the ground running. I won't be holding back.
“I am aiming to go up against the big boys and sail in events all around the country and in Europe.
“I could be potentially coming up against the current Olympic champion, other Olympians, world champions.
“I will be stepping into that circuit because that's where I need to be.
“If I sail with people who are faster than me, I am going to improve.”
Murray is hoping to attract sponsorship, which will boost them enormously as they begin their Olympic journey.
“When you have got something like the Olympics to aim for – there are not that many people who are in a position to say that they are able to do that.
“I am hoping people will see my enthusiasm and love for the sport.
“The thrill and excitement of sailing is what draws me to it, especially when it's a really windy day and I'm clinging on for dear life so to speak.”
If you are able to help Robert Murray, then please contact them on 07534739134 or email robert.murray93@icloud.com
OTTAWA — Student and library associations are voicing their support for a section of the Copyright Act that allows materials to be used for educational purposes without infringing copyright.
The Canadian Alliance of Student Associations is telling a House of Commons committee today that restrictions on the scope of that exception will hurt students and educators, especially if it leads to higher costs.
The law is currently being reviewed by the Commons commitee on industry, science and technology.
The association says increased tuition costs for students and limited resources available to teachers would have a chilling effect on education.
On Saturday, Chief Minister Amarinder Singh denied the allegations of violence of the rules or conflict of interest in the land purchased in Mohali. Addressing a presser Punjab CM stated that there is nothing illegal in land purchased by them and called all allegations as baseless, in-fact they have paid more than the actual price of the land.
Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh on Saturday rejected any violation of the rules or conflict of interest in the land purchase done by them in Mohali district, adjoining Chandigarh. Accusing the opposition of unnecessarily creating a controversy to promote its vested political interests, the Chief Minister said that there was nothing illegal in the land purchased by him. “Is the Chief Minister not allowed to purchase land,” they asked, hitting out at those who were trying to mislead people with baseless allegations of conflict of interest.
“In fact, I paid higher than the market rate to purchase the land in question since the owner was not willing to sell the said plot, located in Siswan in Mohali. Against the market rate of Rs 30 lakh, I have actually paid double the amount – at about Rs 60 lakh per acre,” Singh told the media. The leader of Opposition Sukhpal Khaira of the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) had recently raised the Chief Minister's land purchase issue saying that it had “serious issue of conflict of interest and breach of oath of office and secrecy by the Punjab Chief Minister”. Singh, who became Chief Minister for the second time in March last year, purchased six acres of land at village Palanpur/Siswan of Mohali district on January 3.
They said that they had purchased the land to build a house close to Chandigarh. Khaira claimed that as per Punjab government notification dated 03-02-2003, the said area is covered under the Punjab Land Preservation Act (PLPA) and construction activity is not allowed in the area.He alleged that Singh purchased the land just before the PLPA was to lapse on 03-02-2018 (on Saturday) as the land price will shoot up. “I have learnt through important media reports today, that the Punjab government is likely to let the PLPA notification pertaining to villages surrounding Chandigarh lapse after the 3rd February 2018.
“This act of Amarinder Singh as Chief Minister is nothing but the gross conflict of interest, besides the serious breach of oath of secrecy and office to uphold the constitution,” Khaira said.
Some of the latest highlights at New York Fashion Week:
NO SHENANIGANS FOR NARCISO RODRIGUEZ
If you're looking for fuss and noise in your fashion, don't go see Narciso Rodriguez.
Rodriguez presented a sleek, disciplined and beautifully tailored collection Tuesday evening, thrilling fashion fans who might be wearying from some of the louder spectacles of Fashion Week, now in its closing days.
And while some designers sent overt messages about the nation's political and social turmoil — slogans on T-shirts, for example — Rodriguez was happy to let their craftsmanship do the talking. "No shenanigans anywhere," they said, summing up their collection.
"I think there's so much fashion today and there's so much theater and that's great," they said in a backstage interview. "But I guess what I am trying to say is that the climate we're experiencing has made me focus on things that are pragmatic and real and beautifully made."
Standout garments included dresses and tops with ladder-like cutouts in front, adding a bit of spice to the impeccably tailored look. There were cropped pants, a few filmy black tops, and shimmering paillette dresses. There were sleek cashmere or wool coats in black, white, gray and copper, and a loosely fitting silk dress that looked impossibly soft.
"I think everything that happens in the world affects any creator, any filmmaker, everyone, and this is certainly a time where I was focusing on creating things that women were going to be wearing in the future," Rodriguez said. "And hopefully getting rid of any of the nonsense."
They said they hoped to be making garments that women would keep forever in their closets.
"I think we have the capability ... to create things that empower people — not because they're wearing huge shoulder pads, or impractical things, or costumes, but you can make people feel really good by giving them something that they'll treasure for their entire life, and they'll want to keep in their wardrobe forever and hopefully pass it on to their daughter," they said.
Front-row guests included the newly arrived Calvin Klein designer Raf Simons, and actor Sarah Jessica Parker.
— Jocelyn Noveck
No. 2 Oklahoma will bring three All-Americans to the College Football Playoff.
Quarterback Baker Mayfield, offensive tackle Orlando Brown and tight end Mark Andrews of Oklahoma were selected to the Associated Press All-America team, giving the Sooners more players on the first team than any school. The All-America team, which dates to 1925 and was selected this season by a panel of 17 Top 25 voters, was released Monday.
Four of the top five vote-getters for the Heisman Trophy made the first team, including the runaway winner Mayfield. Stanford's Bryce Love, the Heisman runner-up, and San Diego State's Rashaad Penny, the nation's leading rusher and fifth-place finisher for the Heisman, were the first-team running backs. Penn State's Saquon Barkley, who finished fourth in the Heisman voting, made the team as an all-purpose player.
Louisville's Lamar Jackson, last year's Heisman winner and All-America quarterback, was selected to the second team.
___
ALL-AMERICA POINTS
— The other three playoff teams each have one player on the first team, all on the defensive side. No. 3 Georgia, which faces Oklahoma in the Rose Bowl semifinal on Jan. 1, is represented by linebacker Roquan Smith. No. 1 Clemson placed defensive end Clelin Ferrell on the first team. Alabama safety Minkah Fitzpatrick is the only player to make first-team All-America for the second straight season. The Tigers face the fourth-ranked Crimson Tide in the Sugar Bowl semifinal on Jan. 1.
— Notre Dame (offensive linemen Mike McGlinchey and Quenton Nelson), Ohio State (center Billy Price and cornerback Denzel Ward), Iowa (linebacker Josey Jewell and cornerback Josh Jackson) and Texas (safety DeShon Elliott and punter Michael Dickson) each have two players on the first team.
— Clemson had the most players selected to all three teams with six. Defensive tackle Christian Wilkins, linebacker Dorian O'Daniel and offensive tackle Mitch Hyatt made the second team. Defensive end Austin Bryant and guard Tyrone Crowder were third-team picks.
— Wisconsin placed five players on the three teams, led by linebacker T.J. Edwards on the first team. Running back Jonathan Taylor and tight Troy Fumagalli made the second team and offensive linemen David Edwards and Beau Benzschawel made the third team.
— Oklahoma had four picks overall with linebacker Ogbonnia Okoronkwo making the second team.
MOVING UP
— Four of the five All-America offensive linemen made either second- or third-team last year. Brown and Price moved up from second to first. McGlinchey and Nelson went from third to first.
— Mayfield also jumped from third team to first team. They were selected to the second team in 2015.
— Dickson and Barkley also made the third team last year and moved up to first this season, though Barkley was a third-team running back last year.
MOVING DOWN
— Jackson was not the only 2016 All-American to slide this season. Washington State guard Cody O'Connell went from first team to second team. Utah punter Mitch Wishnowsky went from first to third.
CONFERENCE CALL
First-team All-Americans by conference:
Big Ten — 7
Big 12 — 6
Pac-12 — 3
SEC — 3
ACC — 2
Independent — 2
American — 1
Mountain West — 1
___
All-Americans, all three teams, by conference:
SEC — 15
ACC — 14
Big Ten — 13
Big 12 — 12
Pac-12 — 11
Mountain West — 3
American — 2
C-USA — 2
Independent — 2
MAC — 1
___
Follow Ralph D. Russo at www.Twitter.com/ralphDrussoAP
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
Eight days after its now famous vote to “opt out” of California's sanctuary laws, Los Alamitos received a letter calling that decision evidence of “racial polarization.”
In the March 27 letter, Malibu attorney Kevin Shenkman threatens to “seek judicial relief” unless Los Alamitos moves toward by-district elections.
To avoid a costly lawsuit, the city council on May 11 voted to transition away from at-large elections. On Tuesday, May 29, the city hosted its first in a series of five public hearings to begin the process of slicing the small town into five voting districts.
At the sparsely attended meeting, Tuesday, council members emphasized that they felt backed into a corner leading up to the May 11 vote.
“We are adamantly opposed to what is being forced on us,” Mayor Troy Edgar said.
Councilwoman Shelley Hasselbrink said that, starting with the 2020 elections, residents will “only get to vote for 20 percent of their government, not all of it.”
Shenkman's demand letter states that the city's at-large elections result in “minority vote dilution,” violating the California Voters Rights Act of 2001.
“During the past 15 years, there has not been a single Latino candidate for the Los Alamitos City Council,” the letter reads.
Shenkman called the city council “fundamentally hostile to Latino participation,” adding that its anti-sanctuary vote “perpetuates a climate of fear amongst Latinos who feel unwanted, unsafe and unrepresented in Los Alamitos.”
In a cautionary conclusion, Shenkman points out that Palmdale paid $4.5 million in 2015 to settle a suit after fighting their demand for by-district elections.
Tuesday's public hearing began with a presentation by Justin Levitt of National Demographics Corporation, hired by Los Alamitos to draw up drafts of district maps. Levitt said Los Alamitos has about 11,500 residents, based on the 2010 U.S. Census report. Each of the five districts, therefore, will encompass around 2,200 people.
The city's population is 59 percent white, 21 percent Latino, 14 percent Asian American and 3 percent African American.
Some 6,300 registered voters – 19 percent of whom are Latino – live in the city.
“There's not really a huge concentration of Latinos in any one area,” Levitt said. However, they added, some apartment complexes are 50 percent Latino.
Numbers will change and maps might need to be redrawn after the 2020 Census count, Levitt said.
In recent years other Orange County cities also have converted, or are converting, to by-district elections – many of them under pressure from Shenkman. They include Lake Forest, Costa Mesa, Placentia, Anaheim, San Juan Capistrano, Fullerton, Buena Park and Garden Grove.
“We have had our eye on Los Alamitos for a while, but the anti-SB54 vote put it on the top of our list,” Shenkman said in an interview. “It shows that the council members don't need the Latino vote to get elected.”
SB54, known as the “California Values Act,” limits cooperation between law enforcement agencies and federal immigration authorities. Los Alamitos was the first of more than a dozen Southern California cities to take action against the state's sanctuary laws.
“The adoption of hateful, xenophobic ordinances and resolutions helps us to identify cities where racism flourishes in government,” Shenkman said.
The role of trendsetter may end up costing Los Alamitos more than initially imagined. In April, the American Civil Liberties Union sued the city, alleging that exempting itself from California's sanctuary laws violates the state constitution.
According to its fiscal impact report, the city will pay National Demographics Corporation about $17,000. Additionally, Shenkman's law firm can seek reimbursement for its costs up to $30,000.
But Edgar said Shenkman's demand letter has little to do with the city's anti-sanctuary ordinance.
“That's a convenient excuse,” Edgar said in an interview. “Going after cities is a profitable business for this guy.”
Hasselbrink expressed concern that during some elections, a district or two might not have anyone living within it interested in serving on the council.
“When I ran in 2014, there were three spots and three candidates – so we didn't even have an election,” they said. “We can barely get enough people to run as it is.”
Four more public hearings to determine district maps will be held in the city council chambers: 6 p.m. June 4, July 9 and July 16, and 5 p.m. June 18, at 3191 Katella Ave. Information: cityoflosalamitos.org.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — The Brewers activated catcher Manny Pina from the disabled list and put them into the starting lineup for Tuesday night's series opener against the Kansas City Royals.
They cleared roster space by optioning catcher Jacob Nottingham to Triple-A Colorado Springs.
Pina, who spent their first two big league seasons with the Royals, was hitting .219 with a homer and three RBIs when they went on the DL retroactive to April 13 with a strained left calf.
In other news, shortstop Orlando Arcia got the day off because of stomach pain, though their ailing ankle was fine. Left-hander Boone Logan also threw a simulated game without any trouble from their left triceps strain, and is expected to join Double-A Biloxi on a rehab assignment.
Gibson stopped all 37 shots they faced as Minnesota peppered the Ducks net in all three periods, but was shut out at home for just the second time this season. Joseph Cramarossa had the lone goal for the Ducks (30-18-10), while Gibson recorded their fourth shutout of the season.
The Wild (37-13-6) had won their previous two meetings of the season vs. Anaheim, but fell behind early and were frustrated by Gibson throughout. Minnesota failed to score on five power plays in the game, coming within an inch of scoring when a long-range slap shot by defenseman Christian Folin hit the inside of the right post, sailed through the crease and to the side boards.
Minnesota goalie Devan Dubnyk had 22 saves in the loss.
The Ducks took a lead less than five minutes into the game when Cramarossa went hard to the net and was rewarded. Streaking down the right side, Corey Perry took a sharp angle shot that Dubnyk stopped, but produced a rebound they couldn't control. Cramarossa, who'd gotten to the top of the crease, slapped the loose puck home before the goalie could react. It was Cramarossa's first goal in more than a month.
Minnesota had the first two power plays of the game and out-shot Anaheim 13-8 in the opening period, but could not solve Gibson.
The Wild got two more power plays in the second period, and were thoroughly dominant throughout, out-shooting the Ducks 16-4. But Gibson repeatedly thwarted the Minnesota scoring chances.
It was the first shutout in more than a month for Gibson, who blanked Dallas on Jan. 10, and the win allowed Anaheim to close its six-game road trip with a 2-3-1 mark.
Anaheim lost top-line left winger Antoine Vermette with 12:27 to play in the third period after they were ejected for slashing linesman Shandor Alphonso.
NOTES: The Wild assigned F Tyler Graovac to Iowa of the American Hockey League after they cleared waivers. In 45 games with the NHL club this season, they have six goals. With their 6-foot-5 frame, there was some thought that they might be claimed by another team this close to the trade deadline but instead headed back to the minors. ... Ducks RW Jared Boll was a healthy scratch for the fourth time in Anaheim's last seven games. They have two assists in 38 games this season. ... Minnesota, which is in the midst of a franchise-record eight-game homestand, will next host the Dallas Stars on Thursday. Anaheim, which wrapped up a five-game trip on Tuesday, hosts the Florida Panthers on Friday. ... There was some speculation that Ducks D Sami Vatanen could return to the lineup after missing the previous four games with a lower-body injury, but they were scratched again.
President Donald Trump's attorney Jay Sekulow recently told me that the investigation being led by Robert Mueller, the special counsel appointed by the Justice Department, should focus on one question: whether there was “coördination between the Russian government and people on the Trump campaign.” Sekulow went on, “I want to be really specific. A real-estate deal would be outside the scope of legitimate inquiry.” If they sense “drift” in Mueller's investigation, they e said, they will warn the special counsel's office that it is exceeding its mandate. The issue will first be raised “informally,” they noted. But if Mueller and their team persist, Sekulow said, they might lodge a formal objection with the Deputy Attorney General, Rod Rosenstein, who has the power to dismiss Mueller and end the inquiry. President Trump has been more blunt, hinting to the Times that they might fire Mueller if the investigation looks too closely at their business dealings.
Several news accounts have confirmed that Mueller has indeed begun to examine Trump's real-estate deals and other business dealings, including some that have no obvious link to Russia. But this is hardly wayward. It would be impossible to gain a full understanding of the various points of contact between the Kremlin and the Trump campaign without scrutinizing many of the deals that Trump has made in the past decade. Trump-branded buildings in Toronto and the SoHo neighborhood of Manhattan were developed in association with people who have connections to the Kremlin. Other real-estate partners of the Trump Organization—in Brazil, India, Indonesia, and elsewhere—are now caught up in corruption probes, and, collectively, they suggest that the company had a pattern of working with partners who exploited their proximity to political power.
Click on link for more of this intriguing article.....
WASHINGTON (AP) — Hundreds of parents across the country have called on President Donald Trump to embrace Obama-era protections for transgender students that call for letting them use school bathrooms in accordance with their gender identity.
In a letter, sent to the president by the Human Rights Campaign late Tuesday, more than 780 parents stressed that "all students deserve equal access to a safe, welcoming school and a high quality education no matter who they are."
The call follows a decision by the Trump administration last week to abandon a defense of the guidelines issued by the Obama administration. A court issued an injunction against those guidelines last summer in response to a lawsuit filed by 13 states. President Barack Obama appealed the injunction, but the Trump administration decided to back off from the appeal.
Parents of transgender students say that revoking the right of students to use school bathrooms according to their gender identity amounts to discrimination and it creates a hostile learning environment for transgender students. "These policies are wrong, they hurt our children, and they violate the principle of equal education," the letter said.
Conservative activists firmly oppose the idea, saying it endangers the privacy and safety of other students.
Newly confirmed Education Secretary Betsy DeVos has not voiced a position on the bathrooms controversy other than to say that they are against discrimination and will support all students.
During the election campaign Trump said that transgender students can use the bathroom they like.
George Kourounis is a Toronto-based storm chaser, adventurer and filmmaker, who arrived in Timbuktu in 2009 just as a giant sandstorm swept over the horizon.
“Timbuktu, most people don't even realize it's a real place. All the structures are made of mud, and it sits right on the edge of the desert. And just as we pulled into town, this wall of sand started approaching from the north. You couldn't miss it. It looked like a spaceship, or an army coming over the horizon.
The wind really started picking up and you could hear the sand hitting windows and blowing the branches around. There were camels grunting and running for shelter. They all huddled together and put their backs to the wind.
The closer the storm got, the darker and more ominous it became, until we were finally enveloped. The sun took on the most bizarre colour, kind of reddish, and everything around us took on this orange hue. It didn't seem real. Visibility dropped down to near zero, which is what makes sandstorms so treacherous, especially if you are out on the road. If there was a car stopped in front of you, you wouldn't know until you were right on top of it.
We pulled into a grungy hotel on the north side of town. I took shelter on the lee side of a building so I could observe this thing overtaking the entire town. I was squinting, but the sand was still getting in my eyes—and since I wear contacts, it was 10 times worse. It's everywhere, in your hair and clothes—you're picking sand out of every nook and cranny for about a day afterwards. It doesn't matter what you do, it gets everywhere. And it hurts tremendously. Imagine being sandblasted. It's like someone took an industrial sandblaster and held it up against your skin.
It lasted a couple of hours, but the worst of it is the beginning, right at the leading edge. What happens is that you get these thunderstorms way out in the desert and you get these downdrafts that come out at very high speeds—sometimes more than 100 km/h. And it shoots up these massive plumes of dirt and dust, well, well ahead of the rain. So it can be completely dry where you are. It's a dry thunderstorm, basically.
Eventually it just fades away. It's not the kind of thing that ends suddenly.
The next morning it was beautiful. A bright, sunshiny day. People were clearing the dirt and dust off everything—the camels and the cars. For the locals, it's just business as usual.”
— as told to Jonathon Gatehouse
This article originally appeared in the Maclean's Extreme Weather issue in 2012.
× Expand Jason Gaston photo courtesy of Hoover Historical Society; Charles Hickman photo by Jon Anderson Jason Gaston Charles Hickman Speakers at the March 2018 meeting of the Hoover Historical Society will include Jason Gaston, public relations coordinator for Hoover City Schools (at left) and Charles Hickman, one of Hoover's first school board members and author of a book on the history of Hoover City Schools (at right).
The Hoover Historical Society plans to focus on the Hoover school system at its March meeting on Tuesday at the Hoover Public Library.
Speakers will include Charles Hickman, one of the first Hoover school board members and author of a new book on the history of Hoover City Schools, and Jason Gaston, coordinator of public relations for the school system.
The meeting is scheduled to be held in the library's Shakespeare Room, with refreshments at 1 p.m. and a presentation at 1:30 p.m. Admission is free, and the public is invited.
Transcript for Rescuers racing against the clock to save soccer team trapped in cave
I'm to retail for ABC news in northern Thailand near the border with Myanmar where authorities are trying to rescue twelve boys from a case. Now we heard from the boys today we have fresh video Bayliss saying there are healthy on camera there will wrap up in foil blanket. To get an idea of how far they are how deep they are into big game it's about three miles from the entrance to where they are. Their fingers in between the divers would go underwater they would come out again they're going through it come out again. Now up to the third chambers about two miles and the unit that it's not that bad to dive up to bear but. It haven't sliced from the thirteen for it to where they are at that's another mile along with. Very narrow passage ways. They're trying to. Installed fiber optic in it lying and communication is very important so that these parents to talk to the boys. They tried to do that yesterday they failed to and they were trying to do it again today. Also the boys are being trained to Wear diving masks and three underwater the problem is none of them know how to swim. Out right here is where the parents are waiting for good news about the boy. We are trying to talk to them but still authorities are keeping the media away. From. Families. Out lots of players here today we so local school children and from this church and this school of goods to the same. That's going turns with the bush some of the boys indicate Ayers thing has found themselves a local not. Who brought these parents out of this house two Kate intends to offer their prayers as well. The weather here has been nice looking they had hot and dry so that helps to Jane flooded waters out of its cage. Now the weather for cats in two days there's rain so it's a race against the clock. Go all out here crossing fingers. So that this collective effort to see those boys would end up with a happy.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
10:09 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 ISIS claims responsibility for Istanbul attack ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack on an Istanbul nightclub in which 39 were killed. Another 69 were wounded.
► ◄ Last Briefs
ROCKER SWITCHES
$12.95 – $19.95
LED backlight for night riding
Common size will fit most panels (can be flush mounted in dash)
Grip button for ease of use while in rough terrain
Sold as each
About Moose Racing
Moose Racing has dedicated itself to providing the rider and racer with the highest quality and best performing products available. With thousands of items ranging from riding gear, jackets and boots to gaskets, t-handles and fender bags, Moose Racing has you covered. Whether you're trail riding with friends, hunting in the woods or jumping Supercross triples, Moose Racing offers the most comprehensive list of products in the industry to satisfy all your riding needs.
About Parts Unlimited
Parts Unlimited is the world's largest distributor of aftermarket accessories in the powersports industry and is owned by LeMans Corporation headquartered in Janesville, Wisconsin. Parts Unlimited sells to over 12,000 dealerships world wide and continues to expand its market penetration with its sister companies, Parts Canada, Parts Europe and Drag Specialties. Go To mooseracing.com for a dealer near you.
Parts Unlimited continues to promote racing through its campaign WE SUPPORT THE SPORT®, helping to drive consumers to dealerships, while entertaining its dealers through hospitalities at the events it sponsors.
Mrs. Draper's Education for Employment class spent a morning last week helping in the Heart of Virginia Christmas Mother distribution center.
L to R: Vincent Marsh, Renita Clark, paraprofessional, Antonia Gilliam, Amanda Critzer, behind Amanda is Dakota Close, Megan Clark, Zachary Nunnally, Kiera Williams, and Mrs. Draper
SAN DIEGO – The Chargers wrapped a bow around their embarrassing season, and no, they didn't get a paper cut.
Instead, the Chargers showed that the new year looked a lot like the last year, and the year before.
What next season won't include is Coach Mike McCoy. They were dismissed about an hour after the curtain fell on the Chargers' 5-11 season.
The Kansas City Chiefs beat the Chargers, 37-27, in what might have been the team's last game in San Diego. We do know it was McCoy's, after they went 27-37 in four seasons.
The Chargers, who finished in the AFC West cellar for consecutive years, could join the Rams in Los Angeles next season. If the team heads north, it will do so with a fresh leader.
"I want to be back,'' McCoy said minutes before their dismissal.
McCoy won't get the chance, after their first opportunity as a head coach at any level was a failure.
Unlike when winning last season's farewell game, the Chargers were outclassed against the Chiefs.
"Not good enough to win,'' said a downcast Philip Rivers, who was 22-of-38 for 269 yards, with two touchdowns and two interceptions. "I'm not going to analyze the game for you and it doesn't matter right now. We won't play again in eight months.''
Where the Chargers will hang their shingle will be determined.
What was clear on crisp day at Qualcomm was how much superior the Chiefs were. They completed a season sweep of the AFC West on the same day the Chargers lost for the 13th time in 14 games against divisional foes.
Chargers tight end Antonio Gates' 2-yard reception in the second quarter was good for a touchdown and a place in NFL history. The Chargers took a 10-3 lead on Gates' reception, the 111th touchdown catch in their 14-year career. That tied them for Tony Gonzalez for the most by a tight end.
Chiefs quarterback Alex Smith was their usual efficient self, completing 21 of 28 attempts for 264 yards and two scores. They had a interception returned for a touchdown, but was otherwise solid.
Charcandrick West collected their second scoring catch in the third quarter on the same play that earned them their first one.
"When that moment presents itself, you have to be able to capitalize on it,'' West said.
Despite the Chargers taking a time out before the play, Smith rolled right and hit a wide open West for a 27-17 advantage.
As the Chiefs looked poised to pull away, the Chargers got a defensive touchdown. Jahleel Addae snagged a deflected pass and zig-zagged their way 90 yards to pull the Chargers to within, 20-17. It was seventh-longest interception return in franchise history the first of their career.
"It's something I've looked forward to for more than four years now,'' Addae said. "It's an awesome feeling.''
Rivers tossed their second interception of the first half and the pick by Daniel Sorensen was turned into three points and a 20-10 cushion on Santos' 25-yard field goal.
It was the 21st interception for Rivers, which tied a career-high set in 2011.
"Turned it over twice, which killed us,'' Rivers said.
Kansas City cashed in Rivers' first turnover which came six minutes before the half. Marcus Peters returned it to the San Diego 30. Smith did the rest when clicking with West for a 4-yard scoring pass and a 17-10 advantage.
Another long afternoon for the Chargers left them with a 5-11 record, not enough to save their coach's job.
"It was a rough season,'' Rivers said.
WWE Network
Rusev and Lana have been two of the best things about WWE since they were called up, and were also great back in their NXT days. (And now they're arguably the best part of Total Divas.) While they may bear more than a passing resemblance to the villains of Rocky IV, Lana themselves says the roots of their character are owed to Dusty Rhodes and Vince McMahon being Game of Thrones geeks.
Lana spilled the dorkalicious beans when they were a guest on AfterBuzz TV's The Tomorrow Show with Keven Undergaro (you can watch the entire show at the end of the post). After both Sean Waltman talked about what a huge Game of Thrones fan Dusty Rhodes was, Lana revealed that both their initial NXT run with Rusev and their split from them and (very poorly-received) storyline with Dolph Ziggler came as a direct result of both Dusty and none other than Vince McMahon being massive Game of Thrones fanatics.
“The whole idea of me controlling the brute was Dusty's idea, which is an interesting spin, so it becomes not just like Russian, but it was like I was in charge of the brute, and the more conniving character, was Dusty's idea from Khaleesi — they control the dragons … Dusty was so brilliant [and] they basically predicted everything that me and Rusev eventually did on TV. “He was like, ‘You are going to control the brute. Control him, control him, but at one point, if you push them too far, they will turn on you.' And that's exactly what we ended up doing. I was always the intense one, and then at one point, I pushed them too far, and they tried to kick me back to Russia. And that's what brought up Dolph. “[The Dolph storyline] was so much fun. Vince got that whole idea from [Cersei Lannister]. I remember having that whole conversation with them and saying, ‘What about [Cersei], being conniving?' They were like, ‘Yes!' And that whole Dolph Ziggler story came from [Cersei] from Game of Thrones!”
Lana's big takeaway is that you should open yourself up to as much different media as you can, because you never know where you might draw inspiration from. I bet not a lot of wrestling fans would have guessed that Daenerys Targaryen and Cersei Lannister would have been the inspirations between those two storylines, but they also probably wouldn't have guessed Dusty and Vince would be massive GoT marks. It makes a lot of sense in Vince's case though.
… Vince thinks the Lannisters are the heroes, doesn't he?
Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin said, “This is a landmark day for religious liberty.” The new rules, they said, ensure that people “can freely live out their religious convictions and moral beliefs.”
Dr. Haywood L. Brown, the president of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, said the rules would turn back the clock on women's health.
“Affordable contraception for women saves lives,” they said. “It prevents pregnancies. It improves maternal mortality. It prevents adolescent pregnancies.”
One new rule offers an exemption to any employer or insurer that objects to covering contraceptive services “based on its sincerely held religious beliefs.” Another regulation offers a new exemption to employers that have “moral convictions” against covering contraceptives.
There is no way to satisfy all of the religious objections to the contraceptive coverage mandate, so “it is necessary and appropriate to provide the expanded exemptions,” the Trump administration says in the new rules.
“Application of the mandate to entities with sincerely held religious objections to it does not serve a compelling governmental interest,” it says.
The Trump administration acknowledges that this is a reversal of President Barack Obama's conclusion that the mandate was needed because the government had a compelling interest in protecting women's health.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In the new rules, the Trump administration says the Affordable Care Act does not explicitly require coverage of contraceptives.
The administration lists health risks that it says may be associated with the use of certain contraceptives, and it says the mandate could promote “risky sexual behavior” among some teenagers and young adults.
By contrast, many doctors, including obstetricians and gynecologists, say contraceptives have generally been a boon to women's health.
The mandate also, the administration says, imposes a “substantial burden” on the free exercise of religion by certain employers who object to it.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Get the Morning Briefing by Email What you need to know to start your day, delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The Trump administration says the new rules are motivated by “our desire to bring to a close the more than five years of litigation” over the contraceptive coverage mandate.
The Obama-era policy generated dozens of lawsuits by employers, including religious schools, colleges, hospitals and charitable organizations, priests and nuns and even some owners of private for-profit companies who objected to some forms of birth control.
However, the rules are likely to generate more litigation, this time by advocates for women and public health groups.
In expanding the exemption for employers, the Trump administration says there are many other sources of birth control.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“The government,” it says, “already engages in dozens of programs that subsidize contraception for the low-income women” who are most at risk for unintended pregnancy.
Employers claiming an exemption from the contraceptive coverage mandate “do not need to file notices or certifications” with the government, although they would need to inform employees of changes in coverage.
The exemption will be available to for-profit companies, whether they are owned by one family or thousands of shareholders.
The Trump administration said the new rules would take effect immediately because “it would be impracticable and contrary to the public interest to engage in full notice and comment rule-making.” Still, it said, it will accept comments from the public.
The new rules, drafted mainly by political appointees at the White House and the Department of Health and Human Services, seek “to better balance the interests” of women with those of employers and insurers that have conscientious objections to contraceptive coverage.
Among those who have resisted the mandate are the Little Sisters of the Poor, an order of Roman Catholic nuns who said that compliance with the mandate would make them “morally complicit in grave sin.”
As a candidate, Mr. Trump promised that they would “make absolutely certain religious orders like the Little Sisters of the Poor are not bullied by the federal government because of their religious beliefs.”
The National Women's Law Center, a nonprofit advocacy group, has been preparing a lawsuit since last spring, when it learned that the Trump administration intended to rewrite the contraception coverage mandate.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The Trump administration has legal reasons for issuing two rules, one for religious objections and one for moral objections. Most lawsuits attacking the mandate assert that it violates a 1993 law protecting religious liberty. The administration acknowledges that the law, the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, “does not provide protection for nonreligious, moral conscientious objections.”
But, the administration says, “Congress has a consistent history of supporting conscience protections for moral convictions alongside protections for religious beliefs.”
In one of the new rules, the Trump administration says that exemptions should be available to “nonreligious nonprofit organizations” like March for Life, which holds an annual march opposing abortion.
A principal author of the rules, Matthew Bowman, a top lawyer at the Department of Health and Human Services, represented March for Life in 2014 when they were a lawyer at the Alliance Defending Freedom, a Christian legal advocacy group.
The new exemptions will be available to colleges and universities that provide health insurance to students as well as employees. A number of religiously affiliated schools have filed lawsuits challenging the mandate.
A Hilliard man could be facing as many as six years in prison after allegedly taking nude photos of a local child.
For the full story, Subscribe To Our E-edition.
PARIS (AP) — Sloane Stephens has dropped only six games in their first two matches at the French Open.
Those victories have impressed former U.S. Davis Cup captain Patrick McEnroe, who now believes the reigning U.S. Open champion can claim a second Grand Slam title at Roland Garros.
"Just FYI. Sloane Stephens is winning this tournament," McEnroe tweeted after Stephens dispatched qualifier Magdalena Frech 6-2, 6-2 in just over an hour on Wednesday.
The 10th-seeded American player, who never got past the fourth round in their six previous appearances at the tournament, is more cautious. They missed the tournament last year and went through a stretch of poor results after winning at Flushing Meadows. They know getting carried away would be a big mistake.
"That's so sweet, that was nice of him," Stephens said about McEnroe's tweet. "I mean, I can't predict the future, I don't know. I would love to. We'll see next Saturday."
There is a very long way to go for Stephens, who has yet to meet top contenders in Paris. They will face a more serious test in the third round against Camila Giorgi of Italy, who has lost only eight games in the first two matches.
Giorgi has beaten Stephens twice in their three meetings, including a 6-3, 6-0 rout in Sidney this year on hard court. Stephens does not give too much importance to that result, though, as it came during their post-U.S. Open struggles following a knee injury.
"I was coming out of an injury and tried to get my season started," they said.
After winning in New York, Stephens did not win a match for the rest of the season. They were beaten in the first round at the Australian Open in January and struggled with their tennis until March when they won the title in Miami.
So for now in Paris, Stephens is just happy to "feel good."
As for McEnroe's prediction, just wait and see.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
Lane Kiffin will not be coaching the Alabama offense when the Crimson Tide take on Clemson in the College Football Playoff title game on Jan. 9.
Kiffin has already accepted the head-coaching job at Florida Atlantic University, but they were expected to continue at Alabama through the end of the season. Steve Sarkisian will take over as Alabama's offensive coordinator ahead of schedule.
"We made the decision because it was in the best interest of our players, our program and for Lane for them to assume their duties at Florida Atlantic," Alabama coach Nick Saban told ESPN on Monday. "We mutually agreed that this was best for both programs."
Kiffin had been late to several events in the past week leading up to the Peach Bowl -- meetings and media day -- so much that some Alabama staff members said they "were done with him," sources told ESPN's Brett McMurphy.
Last Thursday, Kiffin appeared 15 minutes late to the team's media day for the Peach Bowl and was the last Alabama coach to leave the event. By the time they got out of the Georgia Dome locker room to where the buses were supposed to be, they were already headed back to the team hotel in downtown Atlanta.
Saban said Sarkisian, who had already been named Kiffin's successor, will be in charge of Alabama's game plan for the championship game.
Kiffin said they expect an easy transition for Sarkisian, noting how Sarkisian's personality should mesh better with Saban's than theirs did.
"I'm not saying it's bad with them at all," Kiffin said. "I would say Sark manages people better than I do."
"This wasn't an easy decision and we appreciate the way Lane handled this in terms of doing what is best for our team," Saban said in a statement. "At the end of the day, both of us wanted to put our players in the best position to be successful. Obviously, we are in a unique situation here where we have our next offensive coordinator already on staff. We have full confidence that Sark will step in right away and make this a smooth transition."
Kiffin reiterated in the statement that this is the best move for everyone.
"After going through these last couple of weeks, trying to serve the best interests of two universities as an offensive coordinator and a head coach, it became apparent that both programs would be better served by me giving all my time and efforts to being the head coach at FAU," Kiffin said. "After meeting with Coach Saban during preparations last night and this morning, we mutually decided that it was in everyone's best interests for the players and the program for Coach Sarkisian to take over all responsibilities as offensive coordinator for the championship game.
"This was a very difficult decision, but it's a decision made in the best interests of the program. I look forward to helping Alabama win another championship, and would like to thank Coach Saban, the staff, and all the players and fans for the past three years at UA for an unforgettable time and championship run. Roll Tide!"
The move came after an uneven offensive performance against Washington in which quarterback Jalen Hurts passed for a season-low 57 yards.
Saban could be seen on the sideline yelling at Kiffin during the first quarter after a three-and-out on the opening series, the latest incident in what sometimes was a contentious relationship between the coaches.
Kiffin, who credits Saban for showing them how to handle an entire program as a head coach, joked last week that they couldn't recall any fond memories at Alabama, only the so-called "ass-chewings" Saban gave them from time to time.
Several Alabama staff members were also "dumbfounded" about those Kiffin comments, sources told McMurphy, and also Kiffin's comments that "fun is not a word we use around here."
In past weeks, Alabama sources told ESPN that Kiffin would not have been allowed to return after this season. However, Kiffin said at their FAU introductory press conference and at the Peach Bowl events that those reports were not true.
"I don't know where that came from: that the Kiffin-Saban marriage had run its course," Kiffin said last week.
ESPN's Alex Scarborough contributed to this report.
Transcript for 9-year-old allegedly shoots teen sister to death over video game controller
This happened on dragon and ran. I was able to speak with new residents who tell me they had seen and heard a commotion down the road but did not know what was happening. They also tell me this explains what their pastor was praying about in church Sunday morning. And social media in any question quiet guy was accessible to the boy. Saying this world needs to learn that guns are for protection and not problem-solving. And guns should not be accessible to children. Others saying videogames are bad influence stain that video games a lot of these kids are playing promotes this type of violence. Any just telling everyone to say a prayer.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
It was announced Tuesday that rapper Meek Mill will be released from prison, after having been sentenced late last year to serve two to four years for probation violations, stemming from a decade-old case.
Philadelphia 76ers co-owner and close friend of Mill's, Michael Rubin, was the first to announce the news on Instagram. Mill's lawyer later confirmed the news.
"@meekmill is FREE!!! Just left visiting Meek with @kevinhart4real and I'm on the way back to pick them up as we speak!" Rubin wrote Tuesday afternoon.
The 30-year-old rapper had been serving time for violating probation, which notables like Kevin Hart and Jay-Z have spoken out against, calling the ruling to jail Mill unjust and part of a larger racial issue. According to The Associated Press, Mill had been on probation for nearly a decade in a drug and gun case that occurred when they were 19.
Mill's lawyer Joe Tacopina also confirmed the release to ABC News in a statement that read, "We are thrilled that the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has directed Judge [Genece] Brinkley to immediately issue an order releasing Meek on bail. As we have said all along, Meek was unjustly convicted and should not have spent a single day in jail."
Rick Diamond/Getty Images, FILE
Tacopina continued, "Meek is excited to be reunited with their family, and we, along with Meek, intend to continue to shine the light on a justice system in need of reform to prevent any other citizen from being put through what Meek has endured.”
Mill themselves also posted to various social media accounts, clearly excited about the prospects of coming home and thanking those who had helped the rapper obtain their release.
"I'd like to thank God, my family, my friends, my attorneys, my team at Roc Nation including Jay-Z ... my good friend Michael Rubin, my fans, the Pennsylvania Supreme Court and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time," they wrote. "While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letter and rallies have helped me stay positive. To the Philadelphia District Attorney's office, I'm grateful for your commitment to justice -- not only for my case, but for others that have been wrongfully jailed due to police misconduct."
"Although I'm blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation, I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues," Mill concluded. "In the meantime, I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career."
After the ruling to jail Mill their past November, hundreds of protesters gathered outside Philadelphia's Criminal Justice Center to call for Mill's prison sentence on probation violations to be overturned.
Jacqueline Larma/AP
Rapper Rick Ross and Philadelphia 76ers legend Julius Erving spoke at the event. Jay-Z also penned an opinion piece for the New York Times, titled "The Criminal Justice System Stalks Black People Like Meek Mill."
MINNEAPOLIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Westwood Professional Services, Inc. (Westwood) Westwood's 2018 Board of Directors were announced at the firm's annual shareholders' meeting held on April 17, 2018. New member Dan Beckmann, PE, Director, Power Delivery, joins Paul Greenhagen, PS, President/CEO, Kevin Larabee, Vice President, Human Resources, Aaron Tippie, PE, Vice President, Power Division, and re-elected member Jason McCarty, PE, Vice President, Operations.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006152/en/
Westwood's 2018 Board of Directors. From left: Dan Beckmann, Kevin Larabee, Jason McCarty, Paul Greenhagen, and Aaron Tippie (Photo: Business Wire).
New board members are nominated and then elected by the shareholders each year. Beckmann joined the firm in 2005 and became a shareholder in 2010. Greenhagen looks forward to working with Beckmann on the board, “Dan is a respected leader and a model for Westwood's culture across our business units. They will bring forward a very balanced perspective considering business strategy, client opportunities, and our team's strengths.”
About Westwood Professional Services, Inc. (Westwood) Westwood is a multi-disciplined national surveying and engineering services provider for commercial and residential development, wind and solar energy, and electric transmission projects. Westwood was established in 1972 in Minneapolis, Minnesota and has grown to serve clients across the nation from multiple U.S. offices. Westwood's Corporate Fact Sheet.
In 2017, Westwood received Zweig Group's Best Firms to Work For and Marketing Excellence awards, ranked on industry top 25 lists, and received recognition for its involvement on award-winning projects nationwide.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006152/en/
CONTACT: Westwood Professional Services, Inc.
Marissa Tarr, 952-697-5749
Brand Communications Coordinator
marissa.tarr@westwoodps.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA MINNESOTA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENERGY ALTERNATIVE ENERGY UTILITIES LANDSCAPE URBAN PLANNING CONSTRUCTION & PROPERTY COMMERCIAL BUILDING & REAL ESTATE RESIDENTIAL BUILDING & REAL ESTATE
SOURCE: Westwood Professional Services, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 11:41 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 11:41 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006152/en
Photo
More than 500,000 Yemenis have been infected with cholera this year, and nearly 2,000 have died, the World Health Organization said Monday.
Cholera is endemic in Yemen, which is on the tip of the Arabian Peninsula and across the Gulf of Aden from Somalia. But the disease, caused by a bacterium in contaminated water, has spread rapidly since April.
Civil war and bombing by neighboring Saudi Arabia have crippled much of the country's water-distribution system, destroyed hospitals and forced vast numbers of people to flee their homes.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
By contrast, cholera has killed about 10,000 people in Haiti since it was reintroduced by United Nations peacekeepers in 2010, triggering that country's first outbreak in 50 years.
Derek McInnes looks set to be named as Sunderland's new manager after the Black Cats were given permission by Aberdeen to open talks with him.
The 45-year-old has been the long-term favourite to replace David Moyes, having revived the Dons north of the border.
But who exactly is they and what will they bring to Sunderland? Here's what we know about the Scot, from tactics to experience.
Past record and personality
Has an excellent reputation north of the border, where has they transformed the fortunes of both St Johnstone and Aberdeen
Having taken over at Saints when Owen Coyle left for Burnley, McInnes ended their seven year spell in the First Division. They kept them up the following year, also reaching a cup semi-final and the League Cup quarter final.
At Aberdeen they turned them from relegation contenders to the second best team in the country, with three consecutive second placed league finishes, a League Cup win and a Scottish Cup final to come this weekend.
Walter Smith was a firm advocate that they should get the Rangers job earlier this year, but they instead went for Pedro Caixinha. Less successful was their one stint in the Championship with Bristol City, where an excellent escape from relegation was followed by a wretched season in which McInnes left the Robins well adrift at the bottom. That is perhaps the main reason why some Sunderland fans remain torn on their credentials.
Has a reputation for being a bullish and confident personality, recently telling Caixinha they should be 'embarrassed' to finish below Aberdeen.
Recruitment record
Has built an excellent squad on a shoestring budget at Pittodrie. The likes of Kenny McLean, Johnny Hayes, Niall McGinn and Graham Shinnie have all improved on their watch and would yield a significant profit if moved on.
It is a market they will surely try to utilise at Sunderland - and could bring their chief scout Russ Robertson, who they also worked with at Bristol City, with him.
Style of play
Their Aberdeen side have a reputation for being well-drilled, excellent on the counter attack and generally prioritizing the wide areas when it comes to attack. McInnes is a manager known for building sides high on discipline and work ethic.
The Dons press high up the pitch and snap into tackles but McInnes can also adapt their style. Celtic boss Brendan Rodgers, speaking before the two teams met in the Scottish Cup Final, said: "We've played them five times and won the five games and they have all been slightly different in terms of how they have performed and how they have played."
McInnes the player
The 45-year-old Scot has Championship experience, leading West Brom to promotion in 2002 as captain of the Baggies. They were a hard-working, tough midfielder with strong leadership qualities, and picked up two full Scotland caps late in their career.
There was injury time heartbreak for Sleaford Town on Saturday when they were beaten with virtually the last kick of the game.
Town faced Northampton Sileby Rangers in their first home game of the season and looked to be heading for a point when Ben Machin delighted home fans with an equaliser in the third minute of stoppage time.
But boss Jamie Shaw blamed inexperience as Rangers hit back in the very next minute through Andrew Hall to grab a 3-2 win at Eslaforde Park.
Ryan Anderson gave the home side their first league goal of the season and a half-time lead when they slid in to finish under the keeper.
The visitors levelled from the penalty spot after a handball and Jory Mann looked to have hit the winner or Northamton with five minutes to go before the injury time fireworks.
The result leaves Town without a point and bottom of the United Counties League Premier after two games.
Despite the disappointment, Shaw is hopeful their side is gradually evolving to meet the demands of Premier Division football.
“It was very frustrating as we equalised in injury time only to give away the winner moments later, unfortunately due to our own naivety,” Shaw said.
“I felt on the whole we showed that as a side we are improving match by match.
“But we still have a lot to learn about how to a manage a game and that it was an opportunity lost to get our first point on the board.”
Town's new manager is continuing to strengthen their squad after being faced with an extensive rebuilding job following many close season departures.
They added: “We have added to the squad over the last week, bringing in Kemal Yenibertiz, Liam Hargrave and Ryan Parnell and we'll continue to look to strengthen where we can.
“But we're also continuing to work with the players at the club to get us to where we want to be.”
Town were due to travel to Wisbech Town last night (Tuesday), but are home again on Saturday when they host ninth-placed Daventry Town. Kick-off is 3pm.
The Club & Country team takes a look at the US national team's next match in Trinidad and Tobago and how they should approach the finale of the Hexagonal.
The Ascension Parish Sheriff's Office is searching for a wanted Port Allen man.
Naylor Cooper, 37, is wanted for contractor fraud and exploitation of the infirm.
Chief Deputy Bobby Webre says detectives got a complaint in January that Cooper had made an agreement with an elderly resident to provide limestone at the price of $700. Cooper reportedly only provided $200 worth of limestone and charged the victim $3,700.
Cooper's last known address is 3734 S Riverview Dr., lot 4 in Port Allen. Officials believe though that they may be staying with relatives in Ascension Parish.
Anyone with information on Cooper's whereabouts should contact APSO at 225-621-4636 or text an anonymous tip to 847411. Those with info can also call Crime Stoppers at 225-344-7867.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Coffee cups, bottles and other litter will be picked up by residents Saturday during the city's annual Pitch-In Day.
Volunteers are wanted to help the Clean City Advisory Committee beautify the city from 9 a.m. to 11 a.m. at various designated sites or locations of their choice.
Gloves and garbage bags are provided.
Volunteers can meet at Malcolmson Eco-Park at 325 Lakeshore Rd., Pic Leeson Park at the main entrance off Bloomfield Street and Participark Trail at the trail parking lot on Old Glendale Road near Pelham Road and Glendale Avenue.
The QEW off-ramp at Lake Street is also a designated site but no children under 12 are allowed at that location. Participants will meet at the Best Western Plus parking lot at 2 North Street.
Other alternative sites are Benfield Drive behind the Walmart plaza, Vintage Park at 66 Vintage Crescent and the Old Welland Canal along Oakdale Avenue, where volunteers will meet in the parking lot at Eastchester and Oakdale Avenue.
Residents can also clean their own neighbourhood or favourite park. Call 905-688-5600 ext. 1630 to register and arrange for the trash bags to be picked up. Supplies are now available at Seymour-Hannah Sports and Entertainment Centre, City Hall and the St. Catharines Kiwanis Aquatics Centre.
Suzanne and Alan share this latest sailing news. Ed
This year's RORC Easter Challenge got off to an ideal start on the Solent on Friday. Three races were held in the day with the first of two windward-leeward courses sailed off Lee-on-the Solent starting in a seven knot southwesterly. This breeze built during the day until it was gusting to 20+, which, combined with a wind-against-tide sea state, made for a challenging final round the cans race which featured a reaching start and eventually took the 50 competing yachts back towards Cowes.
Stars of the day
Star performer of the day was Sir Keith Mills' Ker 40+ Invictus which scored three bullets in the five-strong FAST40+ class which were racing within IRC One. Outside of the FAST40+ yachts, it was former RORC Commodore Mike Greville whose well-travelled Ker 39 Erivale III stood out, finishing the day four points clear of Roger Bowden's King 40 Nifty (crew pictured).
Top performer in IRC Two was David Franks' Strait Dealer with a 2-1-2, leaving this Cowes-based JPK 10.10 leading by four points from Ed Fishwick's Sun Fast 3600 Redshift Reloaded.
Sam Laidlaw's Aguila was not only top Quarter Tonner but leader of IRC Three after the day's three races having won the final two races. Cowes resident Louise Morton's past Coutts Quarter Ton Cup winner, Bullit, once against sailed by an all-female crew, including 2013 Match Racing World Champion and Olympian Lucy Macgregor, suffered from an OCS in race one. However, they were back on form for the subsequent races.
Sunshine for day two
Day two saw three races held on the central Solent, with a round the cans followed by two windward-leewards, due to the tidal state. Conditions were good, starting in a chilly, overcast 7-8 knot northwesterly and finishing in brilliant sunshine and winds gusting to 20 knots.
Despite shifty conditions and the contrary tidal state across the race track, La Réponse skippered by Admiral of the RORC, Andrew McIrvine and in IRC Two and Invictus in the FAST40+ class showed impressive consistency, both scoring 1-2-1.
IRC Two and Three
In IRC Two Ed Fishwick's brand new Sun Fast 3600 Redshift Reloaded (the only boat to take a race off La Réponse) nudged David Frank's JPK 10.10 Strait Dealer off the top spot.
Mike Greville and their Ker 39, Erivale III, won the day's first race in IRC One and topped the IRC One leaderboard at the end of the day, whilst in IRC Three, Aquila retained the top place but top scoring boat of the day was Bullit, posting a 4-1-4 leaving Louise Morton's all-female crew in fifth place overall, just 1.5 points behind of another Quarter Tonner, Bullet, steered by husband Peter.
A change of fortune
Easter Sunday saw a change of fortune for Erivale III (IRC One) which managed to lose their three point lead in the opening round the cans race and the victor was only decided on the final, head down, charge for the finish line in race two.
Ultimately Roger Bowden's King 40, Nifty, claimed first overall, two points ahead of Erivale with another King 40, Cobra, another point behind.
Star performer throughout the regatta was Sir Keith Mills' Invictus in the FAST 40+ class, racing within IRC One. With a 1-3 on Sunday this Ker 40 won the regatta by a mighty 11 points.
In IRC Two, a late charge from RORC Admiral Andrew McIrvine on La Réponse was enough to get their First 40 onto the podium but not enough to make an impression on the race for the lead between David Franks' JPK 10.10 Strait Dealer and Redshift Reloaded, the Sun Fast 3600 belonging to Ed Fishwick.
Overall Results
FAST40+
Invictus
Tokoloshe ll
42° South.
IRC One
Nifty
Erivale lll
Cobra
IRC Two
Redshift Reloaded
Strait Dealer
La Réponse
IRC Three
Aquila
MS Amlin Enigma
Bullit
At the prizegiving which included dozens of chocolate Easter Eggs, Michael Boyd (RORC Commodore) said that it had been a great weekend. They would like to thank Nick Elliott and the RORC team, North Sails and Jim Saltonstall who had led the training programme.
Image: © Paul Wyeth
A Preston mum admits they are still learning about their son's rare condition, which affects one in 5,000 children.
Three-year-old Noah Walton, of Broughton, showed no signs of being ill when they were a baby, but when they were losing weight, their parents, Janet Kidd and Alan Walton, took them to Royal Preston Hospital.
Noah Walton, of Broughton, at 12 days old at Alder Hey Children's Hospital
After the third visit the three-month-old began vomiting green bile and was transferred to Alder Hey Children's Hospital, where they were diagnosed with Hirschsprung's disease, a condition that affects the large intestine (colon) and causes problems with passing stool.
Janet, 43, says: “Noah showed no signs of being ill and was happy feeding. But there was something grumbling away as they were losing weight.
“We went to Royal Preston Hospital twice for them to be checked over and everything seemed to be okay until the third time as it was obvious something was not right.
“He was vomiting green bile after a few hours and we were rushed in an ambulance to Alder Hey.
Noah Walton, of Broughton, at 12 days old at Alder Hey Children's Hospital
“He had a barium x-ray, where they had dyed going through a tube through their nose to their intestines to see where the blockage was.
“Doctors couldn't find anything, so they had to check the other end and that was when they found a blockage in their large intestine and bowel.
“Noah then had to have a bowel wash out using syringe tubes and saline solution until they became better and had put on weight, ready for surgery.
“It was a very upsetting time when they were in neonatal with tubes everywhere.”
Noah Walton, of Broughton, at three months old at Alder Hey Children's Hospital after their surgery. Pictures with their dad Alan Walton
Noah was in Alder Hey for three months until they were deemed fit for surgery and they had 10cm of their bowel removed via the ‘pull through' method.
Janet adds: “After that, Noah was able to poo normally, however they do face periods of incontinence, especially when they get a cold, an ear infection, sickness or diarrhoea.
“These bugs affect Noah in a big way and it can take two weeks to a month to get over. They can go through bouts of having a runny nose, having a high temperature, vomiting and diarrhoea.
“He takes medication so their stool is soft and they can pass it normally.  They are always thirsty as they had the part of their bowel removed which absorbs water.
Noah Walton, of Broughton, at three months old at Alder Hey Children's Hospital after their surgery
“A bad day can be when we have to change Noah 16 times and put them in a pull up nappy.
“I am still learning about it all myself. This condition affects one in 5,000 children and I don't know anyone else in the area. I have come across one or two in other areas.
“If anyone else is out there, I would be happy to speak to them.
“I went to a group arranged through Alder Hey and met a few affected children. It was then I realised how lucky Noah was as some children have had larger segments of their bowel removed and they need stoma bags. It was a real eye opener.”
Janet is now fund-raising for Alder Hey Children's Hospital as a thank you for the support and treatment Noah received.
They add: “We spent a lot of time there. We go every three months and they will continue under their care until they are 18. It is so important for us and Noah to say thank you.”
•Hirschsprung's disease is a rare condition that causes poo to become stuck in the bowels. It mainly affects babies and young children.
It can cause severe constipation, and occasionally lead to a serious bowel infection called enterocolitis if it's not identified and treated early on.
Symptoms of Hirschsprung's disease in a baby include failing to pass meconium (dark, tar-like poo that healthy babies pass soon after being born) within 48 hours; a swollen belly and vomiting green fluid.
Signs in older infants and children include a swollen belly and a tummy ache; persistent constipation; not feeding well or not gaining much weight.
Chief Rabbi Yitzhak Yosef addressed a gathering of teachers from Israel's largest conversion network, Ami – Yeshivat Bnei Akiva, on Monday to discuss what has become an increasingly politicized issue in Israel.
Led by Rabbi Haim Druckman, the Ami – Yeshivat Bnei Akiva network is affiliated with the national-religious stream of Orthodoxy. In recent years, tensions have mounted between the national-religious and haredi rabbinic courts over the validity of some conversions performed by the Chief Rabbinate in Israel, as well as by Orthodox rabbis abroad.
Monday's gathering took place in Beit Meir, west of Jerusalem, and included Rabbi Druckman, Rabbi Yitzhak Peretz, Ami director-general Naftali Kandler, network director Carmi Ronen, as well as ‘veteran' converts of Ami who assist new converts and those seeking to complete the conversion process.
During their speech, Rabbi Yosef sharply criticized attempts to convert or encourage conversions without acceptance of the commandments.
“My father, Rabbi Ovadia Yosef, signed a letter affirming that without acceptance of the commandments, there is no conversion, and that a conversion should only be approved when it is clear that the convert intends to keep the commandments after the conversion.”
As an aside, Rabbi Yosef pointed out that even Russian President Vladimir Putin had reflected on the importance of Torah observance in preserving the Jewish people.
“Even Putin told me that they understand that the strength of the Jewish people comes from observance of the Torah and commandments.”
The Russian leader made similar statements in a meeting with Russian Chief Rabbi Berel Lazar, who told Rabbi Lazar that “The Jewish people survived [the exile] because of the commitment to true Judaism.”
COLUMBUS, Ohio — Four schools, one common goal.
To finish as high atop the podium as possible … if possible.
Athletes from Eastern, Gallia Academy, Meigs and River Valley will all take part in the 2018 OHSAA Track and Field Championships being held this Friday and Saturday at Jesse Owens Memorial Stadium on the campus of Ohio State University.
The quartet of Ohio Valley Publishing programs have a combined half-dozen competitors taking part in this weekend's festivities, with Eastern accounting for half of the area's entrants. EHS is also the only local school to have athletes competing in both the boys and girls meets.
Of the six local state qualifiers, four boys will be making their official debuts at Jesse Owens Stadium while a pair of girls are appearing for the third time apiece in their respective careers.
Meigs junior Kassidy Betzing is making their third consecutive state appearance in the Division II long jump event and enters the Saturday competition with the fourth-best regional mark of 17 feet, 5¾ inches.
Betzing — who owns the TVC Ohio (17-7½) and D-2 Southeast District (18-7) records in this event — placed seventh as a first-year student and was the overall runner-up last spring. Betzing was also a member of last year's eighth-place 4x100m relay team.
Betzing has scored at least one point at the state level in each of their first two seasons, giving the Lady Marauders the longest such streak of any program on the Ohio side of the OVP area.
MHS had previously gone six consecutive postseasons — dating back to the 2009 meet — without scoring at the Division II girls competition.
Jessica Cook is also headed back to Columbus after a one-year hiatus, as the Eastern senior qualified for the Division III 800m run final for the second time in their career.
Cook — who was 16th in 800m event as a sophomore — enters Saturday's final with the 17th-best qualifying time of 2:24.02. The Shawnee State University signee also competed in both the 1600m final (12th) and 4x800m relay (13th) during their first-year student campaign.
Cook — a three-time Division III state qualifier in cross-country — is also the only hope for the Lady Eagles to score at the state meet for a third time in five seasons, as well as in consecutive years.
The Lady Eagles lead all Ohio-based programs with at least one representative at each state tournament since the 2010 campaign.
A traditional program will be absent from the 2018 girls meet as Gallia Academy will not have a single female competitor at the state level since at least the mid-1990s. Starting in 1997, the Blue Angels had scored at least one point in 20 of the previous 21 Division II tournaments.
The Eagles have a pair of boys competing at Jesse Owens for the first time in their respective careers as senior Tyler Davis and junior Noah Browning are respectively in the Division III shot put and 400m dash events.
Davis has the 15th-best regional mark of 48 feet, 2½ inches in the 16-person field on Friday afternoon, while Browning owns the slowest time of 51.48 seconds in the second of two semifinals on Friday morning. Nine athletes will advance to the 400m dash final on Saturday afternoon.
The Eagles haven't scored at the state level since Tyler Cline finished fourth (5 points) in the discus back in 2012. EHS also hasn't scored a point in a running event at the Division III boys meet since Kyle Connery placed fourth in the 400m dash back in 2011.
The Raiders have a state entry for the third time in four years as senior Nathaniel Abbott will compete in the 800m run final on Saturday afternoon. Abbott — a Marshall University signee — owns the 13th-best time of 1:57.15 out of the 18 state participants in the D-2 race.
River Valley — as a program — hasn't scored at the state level since Jessica Hager was eighth in the 300m hurdles back in 2011. The Raiders haven't scored at the boys state meet since Charles Peck placed fourth (4 points) in the 100m dash back in 1993.
The Blue Devils will be represented at the state meet by senior John Stout, who primarily played baseball before splitting time with both programs this spring.
Stout — at 22.63 seconds — owns the 8th-fastest time in their semifinal heat of the Division II 200m dash on Friday, as well as the 15th-best mark out of 18 total competitors. Nine athletes will advance to the 200m dash final on Saturday afternoon.
Gallia Academy will have at least one male athlete at the D-2 meet for a fifth consecutive postseason, but the Blue Devils haven't scored a single point since Logan Allison won the long jump and Jacob Click placed fourth in the 300m hurdles back in 2014.
Neither Southern nor South Gallia have a state qualifier at the 2018 meet this weekend.
SHS last appeared at state in 2015 when Jaylen Blanks competed in the Division III 200m dash semifinals. SGHS has never produced a state qualifier in the program's existence.
The 2018 OHSAA Track and Field Championships start at 9:30 a.m. on both Friday and Saturday at Jesse Owens Memorial Stadium.
Eastern senior Jessica Cook competes in the 200m dash at the Rocky Brands Invitational on March 31 in Nelsonville, Ohio. http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/05/web1_5.31-EHS-Cook.jpg Eastern senior Jessica Cook competes in the 200m dash at the Rocky Brands Invitational on March 31 in Nelsonville, Ohio. Meigs junior Kassidy Betzing competes in the long jump at the TVC Ohio championships on May 2 in The Plains, Ohio. http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/05/web1_5.31-MHS-Betzing.jpg Meigs junior Kassidy Betzing competes in the long jump at the TVC Ohio championships on May 2 in The Plains, Ohio.
By Bryan Walters bwalters@aimmediamidwest.com
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2101.
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2101.
The catalogue gives you the ability to manage your library borrowing and track your reading under the heading My Account.
My account
Account and privacy settings
BiblioCommons allows you to change several settings for your account:
The account settings page allows you to change your username, password and preferred pick-up locations for items on hold.
To change name, address, telephone number, or other personal details, complete our form, or contact us.
Use the privacy settings page to change who can see items and comments on your shelved items.
Keep track of what you have out and when it is due
Check the receipt you collect at issue points;
Phone or email the library;
Access your account online in our catalogue (you can also check with your iPhone or Android device using our BiblioCommons apps).
BiblioCommons apps
iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch
Access Christchurch City Libraries from your iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch with the free BiblioCommons app. The Christchurch City Libraries mobile app lets you find titles, place holds, create lists and get information about our libraries.
Features
Search the collection, with filters to zero-in on the titles you're seeking.
Browse bestsellers and new material.
Check a title's availability.
Map the locations where your title is available now.
Reserve items.
Scan an ISBN barcode and find library holdings.
Check library hours.
Android devices
CCL Mobile makes it easy to find and discover titles, manage your account, and get the branch and availability information you need. Please note there is a minimum screen size requirement of 320dp x 480dp on an Android device to run the mobile app.
Features
Search the collection, with filters to zero-in on the titles you're seeking.
Browse bestsellers and new material.
Check a title's availability.
Map the locations where your title is available now.
Reserve items.
Check library hours.
Share your opinions
Find out how to make the most of our social catalogue.
Using the old catalogue
You can still access the previous version of My Account.
Third party services
There are a few services that you can use to help you manage your account. Please note that these are not provided by Christchurch City Libraries and may require that you give them access to your account information — if you do so it is at your own risk. We recommend that you read their terms of service carefully so that you understand the service.
Library Elf
Library Elf is a web-based service that you can use to help manage your account, by receiving email and/or RSS alerts before your items are due, and about overdues and holds. Multiple library cards can be tracked by Library Elf, allowing all of your family's borrowing activity to be summarised into a single consolidated email.
Christchurch City Libraries has subscribed to Library Elf, allowing all borrowers to receive the premium service for free.
Library Elf is a third party service. This means that Christchurch City Libraries is not responsible for any services provided, and we recommend that you read their Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You will be required to enter your library card number and PIN.
Library Extension
Library Extension is a browser plug in or extension that lets you instantly see book and eBook availability from your local library when browsing book titles on other sites.
Once installed, select Christchurch City Libraries and Library Extension will display holdings information for books when browsing on Amazon, for instance.
Library Extension works with the following sites -
Photo
President Trump has correctly identified two big challenges that Americans want them to tackle this year — the opioid epidemic and the country's dilapidated and overstretched infrastructure.
Mr. Trump promised to address these vexing issues last year, too, but made almost no progress. Perhaps this year they will take them seriously because they and their party want to impress voters ahead of the November elections. If so, there are many good ideas the White House and Congress ought to consider.
The Opioid Crisis
This is a daunting epidemic that has steadily gotten worse. Drug overdose deaths nearly doubled in 10 years, to more than 64,000 in 2016, a large majority of them from heroin and other opioids.
“My administration is committed to fighting the drug epidemic and helping get treatment for those in need, for those who have been so terribly hurt,” Mr. Trump said in their State of the Union address. “The struggle will be long, and it will be difficult — but, as Americans always do, in the end, we will succeed, we will prevail.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Trump doesn't have to look far to figure out what has to be done. Their Commission on Combating Drug Addiction and the Opioid Crisis released a detailed report in November on this very issue. One recommendation was for the government to increase access to substance abuse treatment. The administration could do so by demanding that health insurance companies cover such care. Federal law already requires insurers to cover addiction treatment and other mental health services, but many do not include those services in their networks of doctors and hospitals, according to a recent report. The commission said the administration and Congress should give the Department of Labor the authority to penalize insurance companies that do not adequately cover addiction treatment. The president should also ask Congress to dedicate more money for treatment. But that's unlikely since the White House is reportedly considering slashing the budget of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, which coordinates the federal government's activities in this area.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The commission also called on the government and insurers to encourage greater use of opioid alternatives like physical therapy and nonaddictive painkillers. Some doctors and hospitals have been moving in this direction. But experts say many health care providers are still prescribing opioids when they ought to be using alternative treatments. That's because government programs and private insurers do not cover these alternative services and drugs. Other areas the government ought to focus on include cracking down on drug trafficking and the delivery of potent opioids, like fentanyl, through the postal system.
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin, File). FILE - In this April 11, 2018 file photo, teachers at Tuscano Elementary School stage a "walk-in" for higher pay and school funding in Phoenix. Tens of thousands of Arizona teachers are poised to participate in a stat...
(AP Photo/Matt York, file). FILE - In this Jan. 22, 2018, file photo, Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey speaks prior to signing the order calling the Legislature into a special session at the Capitol in Phoenix. Arizona Gov. Ducey is pushing lawmakers to approve...
(AP Photo/Matt York, File). File - In this April 11, 2018 file photo, teachers at Humphrey Elementary school participate in a state-wide walk-in prior to classes in Chandler, Ariz. Tens of thousands of Arizona teachers are poised to walk off the job th...
By MELISSA DANIELS
Associated Press
PHOENIX (AP) - Arizona policymakers have yet to agree how to increase teacher pay or education funding ahead of a first-ever statewide walkout this week, prompting calls from Democrats and even one Republican to generate new tax revenue in the conservative state.
Republicans who control the state Legislature have yet to fully back Gov. Doug Ducey's plan for a 20 percent teacher raise, which would cost $650 million by 2020. Many have shared concerns about the rosy revenue projections Ducey is using to cover the increase.
Teachers have protested for weeks and took a vote on whether to launch the first statewide strike after Ducey unveiled their plan, saying they're concerned it doesn't increase funding for classrooms and students.
With Ducey and legislative leaders meeting behind closed doors to negotiate a deal, Republican state Rep. Noel Campbell offered a plan for a sales tax increase. They said the three-year boost of 1 percent would generate $1 billion annually.
Campbell said he's concerned the governor's proposal is too optimistic and believed the hike would bring in money to support all-day kindergarten, technical training and lower in-state tuition at public universities.
Most lawmakers agree higher pay and school funding is a good idea - the issue is how to fund them, they said. The governor and many Republicans have taken pledges against tax hikes.
"There's no way that we're going to get an income tax increase through this body, it's not gonna happen," they said. "You have to make a choice here. Do you want to have a perfect bill that doesn't pass or do you want to have a good bill that might have some chance?"
The relative novelty of a Republican calling for a sales tax increase contrasts with Democrats warning against any such hike. They raised concerns about rural towns that already have 10 percent sales tax rates.
"Another increase would unfairly put the burden on the poor and working class, who pay an inordinately larger share of their income on sales tax," Senate Minority Leader Katie Hobbs said.
Instead, Democrats called for funding from new revenue streams, such as taxing new products or reversing income tax cuts on wealthy residents.
New dollars are necessary to meet a key demand: $1 billion to return school funding to levels seen before the Great Recession, said Joe Thomas, president of the Arizona Educators Association, the largest teacher membership group.
Ducey spokesperson Daniel Scarpinato said the governor's plan goes a long way toward addressing classroom funding concerns. It includes $371 million phased in over five years that districts can decide where to direct - that money could be used for support staff raises or other needs, Scarpinato said.
"The only way to get back to 2008 levels is to continue driving up the dollars we put into education," they said. "This is a big, sustained step toward the overall goal."
The political dealing comes as some of the state's largest school districts plan to close Thursday and Friday due to striking teachers, who are among the lowest-paid in the U.S.
Over a dozen of Colorado school districts, including the 10 largest, also will shut down both days because of teacher protests. The two states are part of a movement that started in West Virginia, where a strike garnered a raise, and spread to Oklahoma, Kentucky and beyond.
In the run-up to Arizona's statewide strike, parents and community members have been supportive, said Melissa Girmscheid, a science teacher at Centennial High School in suburban Phoenix.
They're giving gift cards for support staffers who may not be paid, and some teens are volunteering to watch teachers' children so they can go to a rally Thursday, they said.
"We've had a lot of parents who've stepped up to the plate," Girmscheid said.
Thomas, with the teachers association, said teachers were pushed to the drastic step.
"Every educator wishes this didn't have to happen," Thomas said. "But nothing has worked. Phone calls, emails, letters, many rallies, days at the Capitol where we go down and bring 100 people. Nothing has worked. We have been absolutely ignored, and they're not going to be able to ignore us Thursday."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Welcome to WordPress. This is your first post. Edit or delete it, then start blogging!
Last weekend, I attempted to buy new sneakers online for my 5-year-old, but Amazon's website was down. My husband wanted to look up traffic updates on Google, but Google Search was down. I tried to check in online for my Monday morning flight, but the airline's website was down.
Expand Tanya Lokshina's own paper plane for Internet freedom. Moscow, April 22, 2018.
Welcome to Moscow, the capital of the Russian Federation, where authorities are blocking millions of IP addresses. It's part of their war on Telegram, an Internet-based messenger, for the company's refusal to provide its encryption keys to security services.
Russia's state media and communications watchdog, Roskomnadzor, known as RKN, obtained a court order on April 13 to shut down Telegram, following RKN's year-long battle with the company, which has close to 10 million users in Russia and some 200 million worldwide. The court ruling is based on the problematic 2016 counter-terrorism legislative amendments requiring internet companies to hand over decoding information to the government.
Because of its end-to-end encryption, Telegram can't provide decoding information to security services even if it wanted to. Nonetheless, the ban entered into force on April 16, with RKN blocking over 16 million IP addresses in the first 24 hours. As numerous Google services started collapsing over the past few days, RKN confirmed they were behind it and were aiming to stop Google from enabling Telegram's operations. Yet there is nothing in the court order that speaks to RKN's entitlement to disrupt Russian residents' access to other perfectly lawful, routine online services.
Life's gone haywire for Russian internet users. Friends and strangers told me they couldn't look up train schedules or buy tickets for travel or to a show. Some lost access to their Google Drives and couldn't retrieve contact lists. X-boxes froze. Music playlists and iPhone games stopped working. Some wire transfers couldn't be accomplished. Some insurance policies couldn't be purchased. Some banks even experienced problems with cash machines. A popular groceries franchise couldn't process discount cards. Kids whined they couldn't do their homework because online sources listed by their teachers were inaccessible. Parents couldn't access some school and kindergarten listservs.
Business as usual is done and over with. Some of the most common internet-based services became collateral damage in RKN's war and, for now at least, are not reliable – except Telegram itself, which has miraculously persevered. On Sunday morning, millions received a message from Telegram, calling all those who support internet freedom to throw paper airplanes at 7 p.m. Moscow time. My son enjoyed the experience tremendously – possibly more than they would have enjoyed the new sneakers.
BUFFALO, N.Y. — The Buffalo Sabres have signed Victor Olofsson to a two-year contract after they scored a Swedish Hockey League-leading 27 goals last season.
Olofsson was selected by the Sabres in the seventh round of the 2014 draft. The forward has spent the past three seasons in the SHL, collecting 50 goals and 49 assists in 150 regular-season games. Overall, Olofsson had 60 goals and 117 points in 200 games.
 They are coming off a career-best season in which they finished with 43 points in 50 games during their second year with Frolunda HC.
The 22-year-old is listed at 5-foot-11 and 173 pounds.
RAMALLAH, West Bank (AP) — A top Palestinian official says India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi will make what is described as a historic visit to the West Bank next month.
Majdi Khaldi, an adviser to President Mahmoud Abbas told the Voice of Palestine on Monday that the visit will take place on Feb. 10, with Modi coming to Ramallah. They say it's the first time an Indian prime minister will visit the Palestinian territories.
Modi's visit would come just weeks after Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was warmly welcomed during a six-day trip to India.
India, for decades a leading country in the nonaligned movement, has developed warm relations with Israel in recent years.
Khaldi says "this is the first Indian PM to visit the Palestinian territories and it is going to be historical."
From now until June 4th, you can snag the Onyx version of the console for a reduced price of $199 or bundle it with a joystick for $229. Thereafter, those price points will jump to $249 and $279. You can also get the Onyx console with both the joystick and the modern controller for $319. Separately, the joystick is priced at $29 and the modern controller at $49. Or you can get both for $59.
If you want the retro-looking wood-panelled Collector's Edition version of the Atari VCS, you can get it with the joystick for $299 until June 11th. It's also available until that time bundled with the joystick and the modern controller for $339.
Atari has also been working on getting developers on board and announced partnerships with 14 studios today including Eden Games, Code Mystics, React Games, Monster Games and Petroglyph Games. What those partnerships will produce, however, is unclear as no games have been announced. Atari COO Michael Arzt told Forbes that more partners will be announced between now and when the console is ready to ship.
Atari says it plans to ship the console in early 2019, but the release of the VCS has been hit with a significant amount of delays already. That hasn't prevented people from jumping on board though since as of writing, the company had raised nearly $1.2 million in just over an hour and a half.
Mayor Mike Purzycki announced that the City of Wilmington, with assistance from the New Castle County government, will undertake a random inspection process for the more than 40 private businesses that produce industrial waste in Wilmington and the county.
Purzycki said the industrial waste from the companies is sent daily to Wilmington's Wastewater Treatment Plant (WWTP) on Hay Road to be processed.
In late February, Purzycki directed that random inspections be instituted to improve the process for ensuring that businesses do not exceed hazardous waste discharge limits in the liquids they send to the waste treatment plant.
Advertisement
If the businesses exceed those limits, they may be in violation of permits granted by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Delaware Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control (DNREC). The new inspection process began in early March.
Purzycki said Wilmington is required to report its periodic inspection results, as well as those conducted by the County government, to the EPA and DNREC. However, they said, it is Wilmington, not New Castle County, that is held accountable by the Federal and State agencies for any inefficiencies in the process because Wilmington owns the WWTP. That's why the Mayor said Wilmington sought and received cooperation from the County's Department of Special Services in adopting a revised inspection program.
However, Wilmington, not New Castle County, is held accountable by the federal and state agencies for any inefficiencies in the process because Wilmington owns the waste plant. That's why the mayor said Wilmington sought and received cooperation from the county's Department of Special Services in adopting a revised inspection program.
“From an environmental perspective, it is imperative that we monitor these facilities efficiently,” said Purzycki. “It is unclear to me why a scheduled and announced inspection system was used for many years, but it has been corrected and I am grateful to our Public Works Department and to the County's Special Services Department for working together to improve the process by which we hold these private facilities accountable.”
A recently-completed Federal, state and city investigation, conducted over several years, resulted in a guilty plea in February by a Wilmington company—International Petroleum Corporation—for violating the Clean Water Act for allowing hazardous chemicals to flow to the waste plant.
“Our job is to establish the most efficient government system possible for the best delivery of programs and services,” said Purzycki. “But, sometimes you learn through other circumstances that something is not working correctly or needs to be changed. That's what happened here, and the City and our County partners are operating a better system today to ensure that all laws are followed.”
(CBS Local) – Gun owners around the country are blowing up expensive coolers after the NRA accused outdoor lifestyle company Yeti of joining a nationwide boycott of the gun-rights organization.
According to a letter from Marion P. Hammer of the NRA's Institute for Legislative Action, Yeti has cut ties with the NRA and is refusing to do business with the NRA Foundation or offer discounts to members. “YETI should be ashamed. They have declined to continue helping America's young people enjoy outdoor recreational activities,” Hammer claims in the April 20 statement.
In response to the news, NRA members and supporters have begun taking their frustrations out on the company's hottest item: outdoor coolers. In a number of online videos boycotting Yeti, gun owners are seen destroying the expensive containers by loading them with explosives and shooting them. “This Yeti ain't ready,” South Carolina resident Bryan Atkinson declared before obliterating theirs cooler.
The pricey coolers reportedly cost anywhere between $250 and $1,300; making a discount on Yeti camping and hunting gear very helpful to consumers. “If Yeti can't stand behind the NRA, I ain't standing behind Yeti no more,” Atkinson added in a Facebook post.
Yeti is disputing the NRA's claims that they've joined a boycott against pro-gun Americans. “Yeti notified the NRA Foundation, as well as a number of other organizations, that we were eliminating a group of outdated discounting programs,” the company wrote in a statement posted to Facebook. The outdoor lifestyle supplier added that they're offering business partners like the NRA alternative programs and called claims that Yeti was turning their backs on young gun owners untrue.
Several organizations including airlines and rental car companies have cut ties with the National Rifle Association in the wake of the deadly Parkland, Florida school shooting which killed 17 people in February. Since the shooting, many Americans have lashed out at the NRA for their stance on assault rifles and lobbying efforts against tighter gun laws.
Although Yeti says that their policy change on discounts is not related to the boycott, the decision was made less than two months after groups began to cut ties with the pro-gun group. Bank of America joined the movement in mid-April when the company announced that it would no longer lend money to companies which produce assault-style weapons for civilians.
Getty Image
Though the world has changed drastically since their death in 2003, the message and mission of Fred Rogers remains. All they ever wanted was for people to be good to each other, kind to each other, and to own a pair of indoor shoes. Now Twitch is once again streaming every Mister Rogers' Neighborhood episode in honor of their 90th birthday on March 20, and the chat room is already filled with people who can't wait to have them feed theirs fish.
Here's the official Twitch announcement:
To celebrate the 90th birthday of Fred Rogers, we're starting the marathon with 90 of the most popular episodes of Mister Rogers' Neighborhood followed by a run through the entire show's history…all 856 episodes. The episodes will be played back to back starting at 10AM Pacific on March 20.
Fans of Mister Rogers have already begun hanging out in their Twitch channel, singing songs and reminiscing about the last marathon while sending each other emojis of Fred's red train. It's wholesome. Wholesome as hell.
Vice President Pence shed some light on the motivations in October. The symbolism of returning to the Moon is a factor, of course, but Pence also saw it as a way to "build the foundation" for trips to Mars "and beyond." Both the presidential transition team and NASA's director nominee Jim Bridenstine have floated the possibility of mining the Moon, but there's no immediate indication that this will be part of the directive.
Whether or not the strategy is a good one is up in the air. Some support Pence's approach, arguing that the US needs more recent experience with human exploration than the Apollo missions before it travels all the way to Mars. It could also help create a lunar station that simplifies Mars voyages. However, there are concerns that the insistence on a moonshot won't help much, and may only serve to delay a visit to Mars at a significant expense to the public. And of course, there's the question of this being used to justify a shift away from the climate science that the current administration hates so much. Whatever the reasons, the debate is largely moot -- the US is going to try for more astronauts on the Moon.
In 2000 the basic monthly disability allowance – paid to a person whom the state has determined is too disabled to work – was 2,239 shekels (around $546 in 2000). By 2016, it had risen to 2,342 shekels ($609 in 2016), and it is paid to 190,000 disabled people.
In those 16 years the disability allowance has been eroded dozens of percentage points when compared to other indices, like the average wage and the housing index. If one of the measures of a society's strength is its ability to assure at least a minimum dignified existence for all its citizens, then Israel has failed. This abuse of one of society's weakest groups must stop.
The stubborn struggle being waged in recent months by organizations advocating for the disabled has succeeded in arousing Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's preferred response – rejecting the recommendations of one committee and appointing another instead. Delays and missed opportunities have become a way of life for him.
There are plenty of proposals to improve the lot of the disabled. Half a year ago a bill submitted by MK Ilan Gilon (Meretz) that would double the disability allowance and link it to the minimum wage was passed in a preliminary vote. The bill has yet to be debated by the Knesset Labor, Welfare and Health Committee.
A month ago the recommendations of a committee appointed by the finance minister and chaired by Prof. Yaron Zelicha were submitted. Among its recommendations were to allocate 4.5 billion shekels to increase the disability allowance to 4,000 shekels a month in three stages, starting in 2018. The committee also suggested changes in the way the allowance is calculated to encourage the disabled to seek work; to reduce discrimination between men and women in the criteria for receiving the allowance, to increase the paltry rental assistance, and more.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close
Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon and Social Affairs Minister Haim Katz both adopted the Zelicha Committee's recommendations, but Netanyahu decided that a professor of theirs choosing – Avi Simhon, chairperson of the National Economic Council – would once again examine the level of disability allowances. The recommendations emerging would raise the allowance to 3,200 shekels, which would be given only to those with a 75 percent disability level and who are poor and without families. All this is in contrast to the previous committee, which recommended that all disabled people get the same increase. The Simhon Committee has yet to determine how to define “poor,” making it unclear how many disabled people would even get the enhanced allowance.
While Zelicha and Simhon and the politicians behind them continue to bicker, past experience shows that one cannot rely on the government's promises to increase the allowances. The current allowances sentence the disabled to a life of poverty and express unacceptable national priorities. This 2,342-shekel disgrace must end.
Getty Image
President Trump's cruise missile strike against Syria was celebrated by establishment politicians and media, their glee at striking a blow against Bashar al-Assad swamping any rational discussion of what happens next.
Assad is undoubtedly the most despicable war criminal in power today. Their forces have ruthlessly starved and bombed hundreds of thousands of their own people, and tortured and executed thousands more.
But the enthusiasm to take military action against a hated leader is highly reminiscent of the run-up to U.S. interventions in Iraq and Libya. And the U.S. is even less prepared to cope with the potentially disastrous consequences in Syria.
Throughout their campaign, Trump condemned regime change, and it seemed as if they had learned from previous presidents' mistakes. Even as late as last month, U.N. ambassador Nikki Haley told reporters “our priority is no longer to sit and focus on getting Assad out.”
But after the cruise missile attack, the Trump's administration instantaneously reversed itself. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said “steps are underway” to seek Assad's removal, and Haley told CNN it is “hard to see a government that's peaceful and stable with Assad [in power].”
What that means in real life is unclear. Trump told Fox Business News that the U.S. is not going to war with Syria, leaving observers to conclude that they either intends to have Assad removed in some other way — or to demand Assad's removal as a part of peace negotiations like the ones taking place in Geneva.
But swiftly removing the Assad regime would have a dramatic and destabilizing effect on a country that is increasingly governed by local mafias and warlords, and where the largest opposition groups are ISIS and Al Qaeda-connected militias.
“Once the policy people look at what the day after would be — they don't see any options,” said Josh Landis, the director of the Center For Middle East Studies at the University of Oklahoma. “The two strongest militias in Syria are Al Qaeda and ISIS, which would undoubtedly profit and would move into Damascus, were the Assad regime to be destroyed.”
Landis said that any gains made by rebel groups would inevitably lead to sectarian violence against minorities, and would have dire humanitarian consequences for the 15 million people who currently live in Assad-controlled territory.
Although the Assad regime is responsible for the majority of the hundreds of thousands of deaths in the 6-year old civil war, rebel groups — often U.S.-armed — have also been guilty of horrific human rights violations, from abductions and torture, to mass executions and child beheadings.
CLEVELAND (AP) — Kyle Schwarber hit two of Chicago's four solo home runs and the Cubs defeated the Cleveland Indians 10-3 on Tuesday night in the first meeting between the teams since their classic 2016 World Series.
The Cubs won Game 7 of that Series in Cleveland for their first championship since 1908, a game that was delayed by rain in the 10th inning shortly before Chicago took the lead. This matchup was played in a steady rain that began before the first pitch.
The Cubs won three games in Cleveland's ballpark during the 2016 Series and continued the trend against Josh Tomlin (0-3), who allowed all four homers. Schwarber connected leading off the second and fourth. Willson Contreras went deep in the third and Ian Happ homered in the fourth.
Tyler Chatwood (1-3) won for the first time with the Cubs, allowing one run in six-plus innings. They were pulled after a leadoff single in the seventh.
Cubs third baseman Kris Bryant was out of the lineup two days after being hit in the head by a pitch. Chicago manager Joe Maddon said before the game that the 2016 NL MVP has a cut above their left eye but no concussion after being drilled Sunday by Colorado's German Marquez.
Schwarber is batting .500 (15 for 30) with three homers and eight RBIs in seven career games at Progressive Field, including the postseason.
Happ was 3 for 4 with two RBIs, and Contreras hit their first home run of the season. The Cubs scored three in the seventh off Zach McAllister and two in the ninth against Matt Belisle.
Tomlin has allowed eight home runs in 12 2/3 innings over four appearances. The right-hander gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings.
Jason Kipnis had an RBI groundout in the third, but right fielder Jason Heyward's throw home got Rajai Davis at the plate to end the inning. Davis tried to score from second on Jose Ramirez's single, but was out on a headfirst slide. Cleveland challenged but the call was upheld.
Heyward also took a hit away from Kipnis with a sliding catch in the sixth.
The teams complete the two-game series Wednesday night. The Cubs have won four of five and are two games over .500 (11-9) for the first time this season.
The rain intensified throughout the game, leaving puddles in the infield and causing Cubs reliever Steve Cishek to slip on the mound several times. The inclement weather led to a crowd of 16,408.
UP NEXT
Cubs LHP Jon Lester (2-0, 3.10 ERA) faces RHP Trevor Bauer (1-2, 2.67) in the series finale. Lester went 1-1 with a 3.68 ERA in three appearances against Cleveland during the 2016 World Series.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
06:45 Reported News Briefs Nissan 4, 5778 , 20/03/18 Nissan 4, 5778 , 20/03/18 National Council of Young Israel condemns Abbas Read more National Council of Young Israel: Abbas comments epitomize need to approve the Taylor Force Act. ► ◄ Last Briefs
A proud police officer has spoken of how their sons wrote a song to raise money for a charity in the wake of the Westminster terror arrack.
Pc Peter Baker said their boys Adam, 13, and 11-year-old Luke, were moved by the killing of officer Keith Palmer in London last month.
Poster for We Stand Together charity single by The Thin Blue Line.
The youngsters penned their song to raise money for charity Care of Police Survivors (COPS), which helps families of police officers who have died in the line of duty.
Peter, who is based at Washington Police Station, said: “The boys asked me what would happen to them if I died like some of the police officers they had heard about on the TV, so I explained that the COPS charity would look after them and their mam.
“That's why they decided to raise money for them and they thought a song showing we are one big team would be the best way to do it, as most people listen to music.”
The song was recorded after Peter contacted every force in the country in an effort to get colleagues nationwide to perform on the track, which was created by Superintendent Elliott Foskett from Northamptonshire Police.
The boys asked me what would happen to them if I died like some of the police officers they had heard about on the TV – so I explained that the COPS charity would look after them and their mam Pc Peter Baker
Now the song – ‘We Stand Together' by The thin Blue Line – is available from iTunes, Google Play and Amazon.
The young songwriters are hoping to raise £470 for the charity – a figure chosen because there are 47 police forces in the country.
Peter, who lives with wife Leanne, 34, a carer, in County Durham, said: “It was the boys' idea.
“They wanted something that showed respect for the police and the job we are doing.
“They just put their heads together and wrote it themselves, aside from help with a couple of spellings, they did it all.
“I'm extremely proud of them, both as their dad and as a cop, that they have been selfless and thought about other people.
“You don't expect kids to do something like this, and, especially after what happened in London, it has brought everybody together.”
Kangana Ranaut in a recent interview spoke about why they entered in the modelling industry and about things which they always wanted but never got them. Kangana spoke about their career in the film industry and revealed what they do when they do not have any about a particular issue in their life. Bollywood's Queen, who is known for their bold avatar said that they never wanted to come in the film industry.
Kangana Ranaut says that entered into a modelling career just to prove to their parents that they can do it | Photo: Kangana Instagram
Bollywood diva Kangana Ranaut is once again making headlines after a recent interview to Cosmopolitan magazine. In the interview, the Tannu weds Mannu actor talked about things which they wanted but never got but they are actually happy and thanked God for not giving them what they wanted. In their interview to Cosmopolitan, Kangana Ranaut spoke about their career in modelling, men whom they wanted to marry, a house that they always wanted to have but never able to get. They say they are happy and doesn't regret missing out all these things in life.
Speaking about their modelling career, Kangana Ranaut said came into the modelling industry to prove to their parents that they can carve a niche for herself. If was not an easy career start for the actor, they were turned down by various people in the modelling industry. Kangana also mentioned in the interview that they never wanted to become an actor.
Also Read: Mira Rajput expecting second child, flaunts their baby bump in the latest Instagram post
Speaking about a house which they always wanted to purchase but never got it, Kangana says that they are actually now happy when they got another fabulous house to live. Sharing insights into the way they deal with things in their life, Kangana says they leaf it up to God.
Kangana Ranaut has already made their mark in the film industry and is known for their boldness. From speaking against nepotism in Bollywood to dealing with rumours of their alleged link-up with Hrithik Roshan, Kangana has dealt with it all. Kangana was widely praised for their performance in Tanu weds Manu series and Queen. These were the two films which gave a fillip to their career, putting their stamp on B-town.
Also Read: Sonchiriya first look poster: Sushant Singh Rajput, Manoj Bajpayee look killer as dacoits
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
Read More
Israeli author David Grossman on Wednesday won the Man Booker International prize for their novel A Horse Walks into a Bar.
Grossman became the first Israeli author to win the prize. Another Israeli author, Amos Oz, was among the final contenders.
The U.N. human rights chief is lashing out at the "refusal" of some at the U.N.'s Human Rights Council to refer to Rohingya Muslims as such, calling it a sign of disrespect for the "terrible violations" they have faced.
Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein provided an update Wednesday on the plight of the Rohingya in Myanmar, after more than 720,000 fled to neighboring Bangladesh since last August amid a violent security crackdown. They were updating a report from their office that relayed accounts from fleeing Rohingya who said killings, enforced disappearances and house-burnings continue in Myanmar
They reiterated their call for the U.N. Security Council to refer Myanmar to the International Criminal Court.
Many Buddhists in Myanmar — a member of the council — call the Rohingya "Bengalis" and say they migrated illegally from Bangladesh, even though they have lived in the country for generations.
It was an incredibly exciting time to be a writer on “Roseanne.”
The revived ABC sitcom was the No. 1 new show in the country, delivering an audience that network television had not seen in years. The show was quickly renewed for another season, giving everyone a sense of accomplishment, not to mention job security.
But for all the success, there was also a vague sense of foreboding. The writers' social media accounts were flooded with negative comments. Articles posted online criticized jokes and plots. Their friends in the liberal enclave of Los Angeles would occasionally tsk-tsk that they worked on the show. And, of course, there was Roseanne Barr, the show's star and co-creator, and their history of volatile public comments.
“It was hard for us once we started airing and we started to see some of the stuff that came out,” said Bruce Rasmussen, an executive producer of the series. “It was just brutal: ‘How dare they give them a show? How dare they write for her?'
“It was a certain amount of pressure,” they continued. “You're the No. 1 show, and people are coming after you on the web and you're getting attacked by 50 percent of the press.”
SNc Channels:
Search
About Salem-News.com
Zip Weather
Weather Forecast
Apr-15-2017 21:15 TweetFollow @OregonNews TV May Actually Die Soon - Stay Tuned! The question is when this shift will make a difference, not if.
Image: ShellyPalmer.com
(NEW YORK, New York) - FANG (Facebook, Amazon, Netflix, Google/YouTube) is about to take a huge bite out of traditional network TV (ABC, NBC, CBS, and Fox), and the media business will never be the same. To understand how profound the implications of the recently announced NFL on Amazon Prime or YouTube TV are, it may help to understand the economic engine that drives traditional commercial television. The goal of the commercial television business is to package a specific, targeted audience and sell it to the highest bidder. The more precise the targeting, the higher the fee, and of course, the bigger the targeted audience, the bigger the fee. TV Is Data Poor Because the broadcast television industry is data poor (it only offers metrics about itself), this model has never been a complete solution for brand or lifestyle advertisers. In practice, an advertiser needs to translate ratings and demographic information from Nielsen into knowledge and insights it can link to its KPIs (key performance indicators). Because content is distributed across so many non-TV platforms, this process gets more difficult every day. How effective was your broadcast TV buy? Was there an increase in sales that could be attributed to it? Could we have spent this portion of our advertising budget differently? FANG Is Data Rich There are four data sets that help define each of us: attention, consumption, passion, and intention. While traditional broadcast TV tries to measure or attribute some of these to TV viewership, FANG has actionable data that drives KPIs. Facebook knows what you are paying attention to. You post and share the things you care about, and your Facebook profile makes your attention actionable. Amazon knows what you consume and what you're thinking about consuming. If you've bought it or are planning to buy it, Amazon knows it and can act on that data. Netflix knows your passions. You demonstrate how you can be reached on an emotional level every time you watch a video. Netflix knows more about the kind of entertainment that ignites your passions than you do. It continually acts on that data. Google/YouTube knows your intentions. You never intend to go to Google and stay there; you search for what you intend to do. Your Google profile indicates, with a very high degree of accuracy, what you are likely to do in the near-term future. This is some of the clearest, most actionable data in the world. We Will Still Have 4 Major Networks, Just Not the 4 You're Used To People often reminisce about the “good ole days” when there were four major networks: ABC, NBC, CBS, and Fox. We are transitioning to a world where there will still be four networks, just not the four networks you're used to. FANG is delivering actionable data to advertisers in ways that traditional broadcasters simply can't. The power of Amazon Prime to an FMCG (fast-moving consumer goods) company may be less significant than the power of Amazon Prime to a consumer electronics manufacturer, but Amazon is becoming a complete solution for all types of B2C and many types of B2B advertisers. Its size, scale, and efficacy are truly stunning. If YouTube TV and other OTT (over-the-top) skinny bundles start to get traction, we are going to see a dramatic shift toward the data-rich, brand-safe, Internet giants. (Yes, Facebook and Google will deal with their current content adjacency and brand safety problems, and you will forget they had them.) FANG will not be alone. Apple is going to get into this game, and there are international powerhouses like Alibaba and QQ that are already well on their way. What Does All This Really Mean? For today — advertisers are spending, traditional networks are making money and all of this sounds like stuff you've heard before. But we're only talking about timing. Traditional (linear) TV audiences are declining at a significant rate, and they are practically aged out of key demographics. Cable customers are also declining. So, the question is when this shift will make a difference, not if. For consumers — more choice, more fun. Consumers don't care about content transport mechanisms or broadcast business models, they just want their content. For advertisers — Brands have never wanted to buy CPMs (cost per thousand impressions) or GRPs (gross rating points); they want to sell stuff. The data-rich FANG and other tech giants are offering data that can be turned directly into sales. For Networks — It's just a matter of time before media without actionable data will be impossible to monetize. Can traditional TV catch up? Adapt or die! Originally published on ShellyPalmer.com: TV May Actually Die Soon – Stay Tuned _________________________________________ SHELLY PALMER Named one of LinkedIn's Top 10 Voices in Technology, Shelly Palmer is CEO of The Palmer Group, a strategic advisory, technology solutions and business development practice focused at the nexus of media and marketing with a special emphasis on machine learning and data-driven decision-making.  They are Fox 5 New York's on-air tech and digital media expert, writes a weekly column for AdAge, and is a regular commentator on CNBC and CNN. Follow @shellypalmer or visit shellypalmer.com or subscribe to our daily email http://ow.ly/WsHcb. _________________________________________
Business | United-states | Technology | Most Commented on
Articles for April 15, 2017 | Articles for April 16, 2017
USA TODAY Sports
Russel Brand joined Joe Rogan on the latest Joe Rogan Experience podcast and as you'd expect, the two packed a ridiculous amount of topics into their two hour chat. One topic that took up a decent chunk of their time? UFC superstar Conor McGregor, with Russell Brand trying to understand the greatness that McGregor is channeling. Joe kept things generally tethered to the sport while Brand took it to the next level and got philosophical on the topic.
“Well you're never going to see another one like him,” Rogan said. “Because he's literally being himself. You're going to see a bunch of people try to mimic that, and in a sense he's mimicking the people that came before them like the Chael Sonnens and the Muhammad Alis. The difference is, with what Conor's been able to do, he's the first guy in the UFC that's been able to do that that's had spectacular results.
“And also showed their real character in losing, and then coming back and winning very quickly afterwards with the same guy. The Nate Diaz fight. That was a very important character exposing fight because they lost a fight, they got humbled. And then they jumped right back on the horse and ended up winning, and then they come back and blows Eddie Alvarez out of the water to become the first two division concurrent champion in the sport.”
“I think he's a unique guy in a very … it's almost like we don't really have a strong enough word, unique isn't really a strong enough word. Brilliant ability. Massively smart. And he's very innovative in their techniques and their approaches.”
After being wounded and surviving the Las Vegas mass shooting, Ontario police Officer Michael Gracia, their fiancee will be returning home Friday afternoon, police said.
Gracia and Summer Clyburn, 23, as well as their brother, Rob, will be flown to Bracket Field in La Verne, officials said.
“From there, they will be transported to a rehabilitation center in Southern California for additional medical treatment,” said a statement from the Ontario Police Department.
Gracia and their fiancee were among the nearly 500 wounded and injured at the Route 91 Harvest festival Sunday night. Gracia was struck in the head and Clyburn was wounded when they tried to protect them fiancee.
On Wednesday, the officer up and walking around a Las Vegas hospital.
Gracia, 24, a former Ontario police cadet and jail staffer, has worked as an officer for four years.
A year-and-a-half old baby is in light condition after being left in a car in the Ashkelon area for an hour-and-a-half.
Medics administered aid to the baby and evacuated them to the hospital.
ROSEMONT, Ill.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--DHL will expand its global innovation footprint to the Americas region by breaking ground for its new Americas Innovation Center in Rosemont, Illinois, which will offer unique insights into the future of logistics. Joining the DHL Innovation Center in Troisdorf, Germany, and the Asia Pacific Innovation Center in Singapore, the Americas Innovation Center will exhibit the technologies and innovations in logistics that DHL is already implementing across the region, and will foster the development of future logistics and supply chain solutions while serving as a regional platform for collaborative innovation. The opening is planned for summer 2019.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006388/en/
DHL's Americas Innovation Center marks the third for the DPDHL Group, expanding the Group's global innovation footprint in the region. The state-of-the-art facility is set to open its doors summer 2019, housing DHL's logistic innovations and robotics and offering customers and partners a peek into the future of logistics. (Photo: Business Wire)
“With our third Innovation Center worldwide, we will be able to create a platform for research and collaborative innovation between DHL customers, start-ups, academia, industry partners, and innovation experts in the Americas region,” commented Matthias Heutger, SVP, Global Head of Innovation & Commercial Development at DHL. “This visionary innovation center will further promote and nurture our worldwide leading position as the logistics innovation frontrunner in one of our key markets. It will also help us to further build on successful partnerships that we have established with technology leaders and innovative start-ups in the region.”
DHL's logistic innovations footprint in the Americas
As a global leader in logistics, DHL continuously evaluates its innovative customer-centric solutions, already implementing advanced technologies in all of its operations to boost productivity and serve the evolving needs of customers.
DHL Supply Chain, the contract logistics specialist within Deutsche Post DHL Group, has seen average productivity increases of 15 percent in trials of augmented reality technology in warehouses, with smart glasses that provide visual displays of order picking instructions and item locations. It has also deployed drones with surveillance cameras to ramp up security at warehousing sites in Brazil and Mexico.
Robotics, ranked the most important physical technology with 63 percent in a recent global survey by DHL of about 350 supply chain and operations professionals, also play a significant role in DHL's innovation activities. DHL Supply Chain uses collaborative robots designed to help with repetitive and precise tasks, such as picking and packing, in a number of its North American warehouses.
DHL Global Forwarding, the leading specialist in air and ocean transport, and DHL Express, the world's leading international express delivery company, also use virtual reality and artificial intelligence in countries like the United States and Chile for employee training programs and to optimize customer service.
Visions, Trends, Solutions – A physical representation of innovation in logistics
The new Americas Innovation Center will house DHL's logistic innovations and robotics, and will offer customers and partners a peek into the future of logistics, showcasing visions of what the world and its transport infrastructure might look like in 2050, as well as the latest technology trends in robotics and automation, artificial intelligence, self-driving vehicles, the Internet of Things, and virtual reality – all of which are already being tested or implemented by the Group.
“Rosemont is a central destination for businesses to meet and connect thanks to our strategic location between Chicago O'Hare International Airport and the City of Chicago, and we're thrilled to have DHL mark our Village as a new destination for technology and innovation,” said Rosemont Mayor Brad Stephens. “Companies look for ideas on the newest trends in this digital era, and now they can come here to look into the future of logistics.”
On a surface area of 24,000 square feet, the state-of-the-art facility can host trend and innovation events for up to 300 guests with high-tech features, futuristic designs, an impressive foyer and inspiring meeting spaces that will be available to the public.
“Inspire, connect and engage – these are the main goals we pursue with our innovation centers. While inspiring our visitors in a unique environment and connecting them with logistics and innovation experts, we aim to support strategic customer engagement that has the potential to create new business and leverage thought leadership to explore the different ways in which technological development can benefit DHL and our customers in the future. Our new Americas Innovation Center – in close proximity to some of the world's most dynamic technology and innovation hubs – will help us to shape the future of logistics,” added Heutger.
You can find the press release for download as well as further information on dpdhl.com/pressreleases.
DHL –The logistics company for the world
DHL is the leading global brand in the logistics industry. Our DHL family of divisions offer an unrivalled portfolio of logistics services ranging from national and international parcel delivery, e-commerce shipping and fulfillment solutions, international express, road, air and ocean transport to industrial supply chain management. With about 360,000 employees in more than 220 countries and territories worldwide, DHL connects people and businesses securely and reliably, enabling global trade flows. With specialized solutions for growth markets and industries including technology, life sciences and healthcare, energy, automotive and retail, a proven commitment to corporate responsibility and an unrivalled presence in developing markets, DHL is decisively positioned as “The logistics company for the world”.
DHL is part of Deutsche Post DHL Group. The Group generated revenues of more than 60 billion euros in 2017.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006388/en/
CONTACT: Deutsche Post DHL Group
Media Relations
Pamela Duque, 954-614-6809
E-mail:Pamela.duque@dhl.com
On the Internet:dpdhl.de/press
Follow us at:twitter.com/DeutschePostDHL
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA ILLINOIS
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY OTHER TECHNOLOGY TRANSPORT LOGISTICS/SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT COMMUNICATIONS MARKETING PUBLIC RELATIONS/INVESTOR RELATIONS
SOURCE: DHL
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 04:00 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 04:00 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006388/en
In benchmarking iPad Pro 12.9-inch, I put together some interesting highlights and differences between the old 2015 model and the 2017 model. This includes benchmarks from Geekbench 4 and PerformanceTest Mobile, as well as my experiments with Apple Pencil.
2017 iPad Pro 12.9-inch Is Snappier
Overall the new iPad feels snappier when you use it, and those differences become more noticeable the more you stress it. Also, while it's a nice increase in single core performance (27% speed bump according to Geekbench 4, as shown below), it's almost double the throughput with multicore performance (79% bump) and Metal/video performance (82% bump). These speed bumps will become much more relevant with iOS 11's expanded multitasking and windowing.
2017 iPad Pro 12.9-inch Storage Speed
There was a good bit of improvement in SSD speed with the new iPad. The new iPad has 40% faster reads and a whopping 324% faster writes. The 2015 iPad Pro has respectable 701MB/sec read and ‘meh' 89.7MB/sec write speed, as shown in the screenshots below. That pales a fair bit to the 2017 iPad Pro's 980MB/sec read and 380MB/sec write speeds.
This has not been terribly relevant thus far, but with 512GB of storage and the ability to sync all your desktop data onto the iPad to do more ‘real' work with iOS 11, disk throughput will become more relevant.
Apple Pencil Tracking
Lastly, there was an improvement in Apple Pencil tracking, though at somewhat of an extreme case. The video below shows when you're really moving the pencil at high velocity, the older iPad stutters a little bit more, and leaves a bit more of a gap as it fills the line in after the pencil compared to the new iPad.
I don't know how much this will affect the average artist, but one artist told me they hand shade their art, and that it's a realistic activity. Also, I can subjectively say it feels more fluid when sketching with the newer iPad Pro. I half expect the new iPad's screen to feel wet because the drawing experience feels so liquid-light. How much that's worth if you already have the old iPad is highly subjective.
Here's a video comparison I put together:
Quick Look Final Thoughts on iPad Pro 12.9-inch
The best thing to do is go to an Apple Store and test out to see if you like the feel. If I had the old iPad, it would not be enough of a delta for me to upgrade, but then again, I'm not a graphic artist.
Benchmarks for iPad Pro 12.9-inch 2015
Benchmarks for iPad Pro 12.9-inch 2017
Pennsylvania's highest court on Tuesday ordered a judge to free rapper Meek Mill on bail while they appeal decade-old gun and drug convictions, following a five-month campaign by their supporters to get them out.
The Supreme Court directed a Philadelphia judge who had jailed them to immediately issue an order releasing them on unsecured bail, though it wasn't immediately clear how soon they would get out.
Mill was sentenced in November to 2-4 years in prison for probation violations.
Dozens of people gathered outside the prison near Philadelphia in hopes of seeing them walk free.
A team of lawyers and public relations consultants had waged an all-out battle to get them freed, leveling fierce criticism at the judge as a stream of high-powered figures and celebrities visited them in jail outside Philadelphia, including actor Kevin Hart just hours before the Supreme Court ruling.
Mill issued a statement saying the past months had been "a nightmare," and thanked their many supporters and visitors, who included Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney and New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft.
"Although I'm blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation, I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues," Mill said.
They said they would now focus their attention on getting their convictions overturned, and that they look forward to resuming their music career.
Earlier this month, in a major victory for Mill, prosecutors said they agreed with their lawyers that they should get a new trial because of questions raised about the arresting officer. The now-retired officer was among a list of police officers the prosecutor's office has sought to keep off the witness stand in cases across the city because of credibility questions.
A spokesperson for District Attorney Larry Krasner said late Tuesday that the Supreme Court's decision on Meek Mill's release was consistent with the position taken by their office.
Mill's attorney, Joe Tacopina, thanked the high court.
"Meek was unjustly convicted and should not have spent a single day in jail," Tacopina said.
In an opinion earlier this month, Judge Genece Brinkley, who sent Mill to prison for the probation violations, strongly defended themselves against accusations by the defense they were waging a vendetta against the rapper. They said the court "has impartially and without prejudice presided over numerous proceedings in this matter since 2008."
The Supreme Court denied a defense request to move the case to another judge, but said the presiding judge could opt to remove herself.
Kevin Taft is author of Oil's Deep State (James Lorimer & Company Ltd., 2017) and former leader of the Alberta Liberal Party.
You may have heard the term “deep state” in recent months, especially out of the United States. It is a powerful term, but in Canada its meaning is getting stripped. Up here, “deep state” is in danger of becoming just another term for bureaucratic inertia and a resistant civil service. That distorts the concept, so let's take a look at this term, and an example of a deep state in Canada.
Democracy depends on a wide range of institutions: political parties; courts, police, and media; non-partisan civil servants and arms-length regulators; and universities with experts who pursue truth wherever evidence may lead. A key feature of democracy is that these institutions are genuinely independent. They are not beholden to any private interest, and are instead loyal to the public interest and obedient to the rule of law.
But what happens when public institutions lose their independence? Even more, what happens when a whole series of democratic institutions falls under the sway of one private interest? This would occur, for example, when the governing party, the opposition party, the civil service, universities and regulators all follow the lead of the same private interest.
When several key democratic institutions are captured and held by the same private interest, a “deep state” forms. A deep state is an unofficial system of government that arises separately from, but is closely connected to, the official system. It is a public-private hybrid that operates outside public view. In a modern democracy like Canada, a deep state typically comprises leading owners and executives of major private interests and their allies, together with a selection of politicians and bureaucrats tied to the success of those private interests. A successful deep state captures and harnesses the institutions of democracy for its own use.
Very few private interests have the resources to establish a deep state. In Canada, one that does be the oil industry.
Deep states tend to arise when powerful interests are threatened. What's the threat to Canada's oil industry? Global warming. The link between fossil fuels and global warming has been known since the 1980s, and so has the solution to global warming: phasing out fossil fuels. Rather than accepting the science and adapting to other sources of energy, the oil industry has developed an aggressive campaign to obscure the science and advance its own interests.
In the late 1980s and early 1990s, healthy democracies like Canada's responded as they should to global warming. University and government scientists conducted research; civil servants prepared plans and legislation to reduce emissions; political parties committed to action; and Canada's Parliament endorsed international climate change agreements.
Then the oil industry went into action, and one by one these democratic institutions succumbed. The Harper Conservatives became clients of the oil industry, withdrawing from the Kyoto accord and silencing federal scientists. The federal Liberals and Alberta NDP committed to expanding pipelines and oil sands production. The National Energy Board was tarred by conflicts of interest and the Alberta Energy Regulator was chaired by a former oil executive, while millions of oil dollars flowed to universities. Enough public institutions were captured by the oil industry that a state within a state was created: a deep state. Meanwhile, the hazards of global warming predicted by science came at us like zombies in a horror movie.
Let's look at how oil's deep state is unfolding right now. In July 2017, the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers (CAPP) published A competitive policy and regulatory framework for Alberta's upstream oil and natural gas industry. A central recommendation of the strategy needs to be quoted at length:
CAPP recommends that the province [of Alberta] adopt a whole-of-government approach and mandate to strengthen Alberta's investment attractiveness while achieving government policy objectives. This approach could be supported by a Sustainable Prosperity Steering Committee, comprised of senior representatives from the regulated community [i.e. the oil industry] and the province – notably the Premier's Office, the ministries of Energy, Economic Development and Trade, and Environment and Parks and the Alberta Energy Regulator. The intent of the committee would be to provide government and industry oversight to flight attendant reform initiatives and drive performance on key files, with a view to minimizing cumulative costs on industry while still achieving government outcomes.
CAPP's strategy then tied this approach to “political engagement” with the federal government to ensure “streamlined policies” for the industry, specifically naming the National Energy Board and the Canadian Environmental Assessment Agency.
In short, Canada's staggeringly powerful oil industry wants “oversight” (their word) of political, civil service, and regulatory institutions in both the Alberta and federal governments. Do the words “deep state” start to take on more meaning now?
Oil's deep state is a triple threat to Canada. First, the environmental devastation brought on by the industry is piling up liabilities that far outweigh the gains to most Canadians. The cost of reclaiming over 300,000 oil and gas wells in Alberta likely exceeds $70 billion, and the cost of cleaning up the toxic tailings ponds and other damage at the oil sands could reach similar levels. There is nothing close to adequate funding in place to pay these costs, much less the forbidding costs of global warming.
The second threat is economic. Alberta's oil sands royalty system is so tilted toward the industry that the Alberta government now earns more revenue from gaming and liquor than from bitumen royalties. (You read that correctly.) So the public benefits of expanding bitumen production are tenuous. On top of that, the world is working hard to end its dependence on oil, so hitching the country's economy to an industry that must be phased out is recklessly short-sighted.
Finally, we have the cost to democracy. As the country's political parties, regulators, civil servants, universities, and other institutions come increasingly under the sway of the oil industry's “whole-of-government” strategy, democracy itself begins to fail and we increasingly sacrifice the public interest of Canada to the interests of oil corporations.
The interests of Alberta and Canada are not the same as the interests of the oil industry—sometimes they overlap, and sometimes they are in direct conflict. The hard truth is that in coming decades the oil industry must be phased out in Canada and around the world if we are to avoid catastrophe from global warming. A healthy democracy can rise to that challenge; a country run by oil's deep state cannot.
MORE ABOUT OIL SANDS:
Harmony Union School in Occidental is on a voluntary lockdown after threatening graffiti was found in a bathroom, officials said.All students are safe, according to officials.There are two schools on the campus; one is kindergarten through first grade and the other is second through eighth grade.Sheriff's officials say the school will be in contact with parents.
Dealing with power surplus
Not long ago, Pakistan was going through 12-14 hours of load shedding. Not so long after, Pakistan may have a power surplus. But hold your horses; the equation is not as simple as being reflected by name plate capacities.
First, the availability of data on demand supply is peculiar; and nothing can be said definitely on actual numbers. The demand varies according to seasons and of course to price while supply varies in relation to water availability. Also, in days of higher fuel prices, government curtails supply to check on import bill and circular debt.
But for sure, the gap has thinned in the past two years which is also visible from near zero load shedding for industry and much less for domestic and commercial consumers. The demand usually tapers off in winters. With new capacity coming online in November and December, there might be a case of power surplus these winters.
The new plants will keep on coming in till 2021, and by that time there might be a summer season with supply surpassing demand. However, the way GDP is growing and seeing the rising consumerism and industrial expansion to cater the domestic demand, over-supply will always be short lived.
Would the tariffs also decline with higher supply? Based on economic principles, they should. But in a highly regulated sector, where all IPP are ensured capacity payments with or without any generation, the demand and supply are simply not the factors in determining price.
Another issue that haunts analysts is that with no meaningful change in distribution and transmission losses, any incremental power generation and consumption would result in higher absolute losses and in turn circular debt would keep on piling. And any upward revision in international prices could result in not only skyrocketing import bill but also an inflated circular debt. This could trigger twin deficit (fiscal and current account) and government would simply be producing and buying less electricity to curb the crisis.
The twin deficit crisis is reminiscent of 2008 triggered by higher fuel prices. Those were the days of 12 hours plus load shedding. Ever since, oil prices have come down, along with one-off clearance of circular debt, the power demand supply gap has thinned. Since, the consumer electricity prices did not change much in accordance with low input prices, the demand did not move up north. For instance, in case of petrol, low prices have triggered higher demand which is visible from unprecedented growth in petrol consumption.
That is not the case of power. In essence, low fuel input prices have lowered both the import bill and circular debt and hence part of power shortage problem was resolved without addition of power generation. Rest of the gap is being met by new supply that started coming in since 2016; and the supply would keep on increasing till at least till 2021.
The good part of new generation is that these plants are better in efficiencies than the old GENCOs. The question is what would be the fate of old GENCOS once the new plants are online. In case of IPPs, irrespective of age and generation, the capacity payment has to be made to each and every plant till the time power purchasing agreement is in effect. The first IPP's (KAPCO) PPA is expiring in 2021 and then there is no termination till 2026.
Hence, the IPPs have to be operative for justifying capacity payments in PPAs. A viable option could be to start closing GENCOs, once generation is in surplus as the capacity payments to GENCOs are not hefty. That is a politically tough exercise as Sindh government my resist in closing Guddu or Jamshoro plants.
That said, gradual closure should be the order, to make up for any teething problems with new IPPs and for contingency requirements. The need is to slowly reduce the human resource in these entities and operate them only when the power is in shortage. And by 2021-22, when all the new 11,400 MW capacity is online, these old GENCOs should be shut down.
The fuel mix has been altered with enough RLNG (3600MW) and imported coal (3600MW). The immediate threat of shortage is resolved. It's good to look for options for future plants as demand may grow disproportionately with high GDP growth. But the need is to have a closer look at the import bill. There should be a ban on any plant based on imported fuel and the need is to opt for indigenous fuel options.
Recent announcement by Punjab government on imported RLNG plant (1200MW) in uncalled for; and the need is work on hydel and Thar coal based power generation options beyond 2021.
Mulligan back with home club 15 February 2017
Leitrim's Emlyn Mulligan.
©INPHO/Tommy Dickson. Leitrim's Emlyn Mulligan.©INPHO/Tommy Dickson.
Leitrim star Emlyn Mulligan has transferred back to their home club Melvin Gaels for 2017.
The experienced forward - who is in their ninth season with the Leitrim footballers - returns to the Donegal border club after having spent five years playing with St Brigids in Dublin.
Mulligan moved to the Russell Park based club in 2012 after helping Melvin Gaels to their first county SFC title in fourteen years earlier that year.
Their return will be a major boost for the Kinlough outfit who were relegated from the senior ranks in 2014 but bounced back to the top flight twelve months later.
The Rock Springs Lady Tigers were unable to gain control offensively as they fall, 51-43 to the Natrona County Fillies. The Lady Tigers are now 2-3 in conference play and 8-8 overall.
The Lady Tigers were lead in scoring by sophomore Ky Buell. Buell was able to pour in 12 points for the Lady Tigers. Sophomore Payton Reese shot for a game-high 9 points. Senior Selena Cudney put in 7 points.
The Lady Tigers are back at home next Friday, February 9th as they host the Lady Broncs from Jackson. Game time is set for 6 p.m. Listen to the game live on WyoRadio's am 1360 krkk.
Battleford RCMP are asking for the public's assistance to locate 14-year-old Shaniel Littlewolfe.
The girl was reported to have run away from a group home in North Battleford. They were last seen on Tuesday, April 11.
Littlewolfe is described as as First Nations, about 170 m, 63 kg, with short brown hair. Police say they have connections in the North Battleford and Saskatoon areas.
Anyone with information is asked to contact the Battlefords RCMP at (306)446-1720 or you may call Saskatchewan Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS (8477).
I have just attended my last service of Thanksgiving on the occasion of the Shield Hanging of the next High Sheriff of Lancashire.
It may sound a bit Downton Abbey and conformity to tradition but it works. It rejoices in the ‘Heritage of Lancaster' and it makes more than a passing nod to both faith and service.
It is an annual event held at the Priory Church and the Castle which are just perfect for these ceremonies. It is easy to take these buildings for granted but just listen to what visitors say and you quickly see, with fresh eyes, these jewels on our doorstep. The Vicar of the Priory and the Keeper of the Castle are both important positions and they can either increase or diminish the installation of the High Sheriff. We are blessed with some key leaders.
“This day,” says the Vicar of Lancaster Rev Chris Newlands, “we meet to give thanks and pray for the High Sheriff of Lancaster. We thank God for the gift of community, celebrating all that is good in the life of this county. We pray for those who administer justice, and commit ourselves afresh to the service of God and our fellow citizens.”
The reading on this occasion in the Priory was the story of the Good Samaritan. This story is an example of acting in love without preference or partiality and which expects nothing in return. It is a clear radical story of the hated outsider stopping to do something the righteous God-fearers won't or can't.
High Sheriff is an ancient title dating back many centuries and this year's is Robert Webb DL who lives in Arkholme. Their responsibility is to uphold the dignity of Them Majesty's judges and encourage responsible citizenship.
My experience of the last 11 years is of High Sheriffs who have invested time and attention in a variety of projects with people across all kinds of social divides.
They have fulfilled the highest and best intent of tradition by serving generously and graciously toward others. I have been privileged to see many of them in action and I will miss knowing such lovely people as I approach my retirement. The Duchy of Lancaster is unique in many ways. Long may it remain so.
As for playing as a single? Woods smiled.
"I didn't want to have anyone watch me play the way I was playing," they said.
Rory McIlroy was standing at the side of the room as Woods spoke, listening to a player with 90 victories worldwide talking about the time they signed their name to an 85 on their scorecard. McIlroy recalled their highest round at 83 in the South African Open in 2007, their seventh tournament as a pro.
McIlroy climbed the steps to the stage as Woods was leaving and said to him, "Aside from your 85, you have won here five times."
Those are the memories Woods hopes to draw from when the Memorial begins Thursday on a Muirfield Village course in its usual mint condition. The tournament is two weeks before the U.S. Open at Shinnecock Hills, and it has the kind of field that makes it feel like a mini-major.
Only two players from the top 10 in the world are missing: Jon Rahm and U.S. Open champion Brooks Koepka.
Justin Rose is coming off a victory at Colonial, their ninth consecutive year with a victory somewhere in the world. Justin Thomas is making their debut at No. 1 in the world, an achievement that doesn't come with a trophy but one that meant enough to them that they stayed up later than usual when they got home after The Players Championship to see the world ranking page with their name at the top. They took a screen shot.
"Seeing every golfer in the world behind my name is a pretty fun thing," Thomas said.
Dustin Johnson, who doesn't appear to be concerned with much in life, conceded they were eager to get back the No. 1 ranking they held for 15 months. This is their first tournament since they lost the No. 1 spot to Thomas.
Nicklaus was around the first and 10th tee boxes during the pro-am to greet them all, a list that includes Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler.
Woods has made strides since their return from a fourth back surgery, including a runner-up finish at the Valspar Championship in March, and an exciting charge at Bay Hill that ended with a tee shot out of bounds on the 16th hole.
Nicklaus suggested on Tuesday that Woods has to learn anew how to win because it has been five years since their last victory.
McIlroy understood what they meant, having gone 18 months between victories until they won the Arnold Palmer Invitational. McIlroy started this year with good chances at Abu Dhabi and Dubai, and then they broke through at Bay Hill.
"As long as you put yourself in contention more and more and keep knocking on the door, sooner or later you're going to step through," McIlroy said. "And then with that, experience will do great things for you going forward."
Woods hasn't been within five shots of the lead going into Sunday since Bay Hill. They never got going at the Masters or at Quail Hollow, and while they had a season-best 65 in the third round at The Players Championship, they still are 11 shots out of the lead. The idea this week is to get in range.
"The last few times that I've had a chance, I've felt very comfortable," they said. "Hopefully I can just shoot the low round when I need it."
By Doug Ferguson, The Associated Press
Russian Warplane Shot Down in Syria by Rebels, Defense Ministry Says Image The wreckage of a Russian Su-25 warplane shot down on Saturday in Idlib Province in Syria. Credit Abdalla Saad/European Pressphoto Agency
MOSCOW — A Russian fighter jet was shot down in a rebel-controlled area of Idlib Province in northern Syria on Saturday, Russia's Defense Ministry said, adding that the pilot survived the initial attack by parachuting from the plane but was killed by members of a militia on the ground.
The downing of the jet occurred in one of the country's so-called de-escalation zones established last year by Russia, Iran and Turkey, in an attempt to lessen the bloodshed in Syria's long civil war.
The Russian Su-25 warplane was patrolling the Idlib area when it was struck by a missile, launched from an area controlled by rebels, the ministry said in a statement. The pilot has yet to be identified.
The rebel-held area where the plane was shot down, in the northwest of Idlib Province, is controlled by several different rebel factions, including the Free Syria Army, Islamist groups and Tahrir al-Sham, an Al Qaeda-affiliated alliance.
Videos taken at the scenes of the crash and released by local activists showed flames billowing from the crumpled debris of a plane, clearly identifiable as an Su-25, and showed the red star symbol used by the Russian Air Force.
Moaz al-Shami, a media activist who lives in Idlib Province and who regularly posts video footage from the area, appears in one of the videos and describes the fighters who downed the plane as “heroes,” avenging civilians killed in airstrikes by Russian jets.
Since President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia first ordered their forces to Syria, Russia has lost four warplanes, four helicopters and about 50 servicemen in the conflict.
In a later statement, the Russian Defense Ministry said that it used high-precision weapons to kill more than 30 rebel forces in the area where the attack on the Russian aircraft was launched. Russian authorities, along with Turkish forces who are responsible for the de-escalation zone, are working to retrieve the pilot's body.
In December, Mr. Putin ordered the withdrawal of Russian troops from Syria, declaring their mission completed. However, some Russian warplanes have stayed at the Hmeimim air base, which became Russia's permanent air force facility in Syria.
In Moscow, Russian lawmakers promised a thorough investigation of the crash.
“Politically, this is very important and will have far-reaching consequences,” Franz Klintsevich, a member of the Russian Federation Council told Interfax, a Russian news agency.
Others blamed the United States for supplying Syrian rebels with weapons capable of shooting down the warplane.
“We have warned that the Americans will deliver such equipment, and they cannot control it later,” Aleksei Chepa, a member of the State Duma, told Interfax, adding that concerns had been expressed before that the weapons could bring down military and civilian planes.
Ivan Nechepurenko reported from Moscow and Hwaida Saad from Beirut. Order Reprints | Today's Paper | Subscribe A version of this article appears in print on , on Page A 8 of the New York edition with the headline: Russian Warplane Shot Down in Syria By Militants, Defense Ministry Says
Related Coverage Marked for ‘De-escalation,' Syrian Towns Endure Surge of Attacks Image
Sign up for The Interpreter Subscribe for original insights, commentary and discussions on the major news stories of the week, from columnists Max Fisher and Amanda Taub. SEE SAMPLE Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. * Required field You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times products and services. * Required field Thank you for subscribing. View all New York Times newsletters. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters. Sign Up
But then, knowing full well the Cubs would still need to win Game 7, Maddon unaccountably kept Chapman in Game 6 far too long. They even trotted them out to start the ninth inning, when the Cubs had stretched their lead to seven runs.
In Game 7, Maddon signaled for Chapman in the eighth inning to relieve Jon Lester and protect a 6-3 lead, with two outs and one Indian on base. The exhausted closer promptly gave up a double to Brandon Guyer and a home run to Rajai Davis that tied the score.
Maddon's explanations at the time were never quite satisfactory. When Chapman later complained about how they had been used, the manager insisted that their only mistake was not having a reliever warming up to replace Chapman when the ninth inning began.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
As we all know, however, the Cubs somehow won the decisive game, 8-7, in 10 innings, for their first championship in 108 years. Chicago went crazy. All was forgiven, nearly forgotten. Now, however, it is the postseason again, and there is a natural fear that Maddon will go slightly bonkers again.
So far, the signs are mixed. Maddon certainly didn't panic this season when the Cubs were 43-45, and five and a half games behind the Milwaukee Brewers at the All-Star break. They were a paragon of patience, and it paid off with a 49-25 finish.
There was, however, a scary-familiar moment on Sept. 23, in a game against the Brewers. Chicago entered the day with a safe five-and-a-half-game lead over Milwaukee, with nine games to play. A manager surely would not need to overuse their closer, Wade Davis, in such a situation.
Maddon brought in Davis to start the ninth inning with a 2-1 lead. Davis gave up a leadoff homer. The game went into extra innings. Surprisingly, and maybe unwisely, Maddon kept Davis on the mound. On Davis's 23rd pitch, Travis Shaw smacked a game-ending homer for the Brewers. It was Davis's first blown save of the 2017 season, after they had gone 32 for 32.
This leads you to wonder. Will Maddon trust only Davis, slighting the Cubs' relatively deep bullpen — the sixth best in major league baseball this season, with a 3.80 earned run average? After the Chapman episode last season, and their departure as a free agent, Maddon had to do some fence-mending with the likes of Carl Edwards Jr., Pedro Strop, Hector Rondon and Mike Montgomery.
Now comes a fresh postseason, a chance for Maddon to prove they are not Durocher.
“Experience equals knowing — I think that's really important to understand,” Maddon said this week. “That's not to say things can go sideways, even if you have experience, but you have a better knowing of what to expect.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Not many fans will predict a second straight title this fall for the Cubs, who have the seventh best regular-season record among the playoff teams. But they have every right to expect a more prudent Maddon when they signal to the pen in a crisis.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) - Taiwanese singers Jam Hsiao (蕭敬騰) was invited to host the 2018 Golden Melody Awards, but regained media attention 11 days after the event for their red carpet look.
US-born outspoken book writer Hedy Lee (李文) posted a statement on Facebook the day after the awards to express their surprise and disagreement with Hsiao's feminine costume and fine jewelry with colored diamonds around their neck, saying that the outfit makes them look like "a gay," while adding they mean no disrespect to the LGBTQ community.
Lee continued to say that Hsiao was wearing the fine jewelry that is supposed to appear on women, and the luxury watch and jewelry brand Piaget should have had female stars wear that piece.
"If you google 'men wearing elaborate fine jewelry necklaces,' I promised you there was not a single man ever wearing such piece, it's so awkward. Piaget's official website does not display pictures of men wearing feminine jewelry. Men should wear something like a masculine-look silver necklace."
Lee also criticized Hsiao as a "fauxmosexual" and "faux drag" in another FB post on June 26, saying netizens do not understand them humor. They have been dealing with criticism from netizens over their comments on their FB page.
Lee is the daughter of the deceased Taiwanese commenter, book writer, and politician Li Ao (李敖).
On Wednesday, July 4, Hsiao's agent confirmed to Chinese-language Next Magazine that they filed a lawsuit against Lee, with charges of defamation and contempt.
The pop superstar Hsiao is one of the top-earning Taiwanese singers for 2017, according to an earlier media survey.
The contribution for the period 2018-2021 is the biggest ever made by a donor within a WFP Strategic Partnership Agreement, WFP underlined. For almost a decade, the Swedish government has been the largest donor of flexible funds to WFP whereas 90 percent of government funding to WFP is earmarked for specific operations or activities, the agency said. For the first time in a decade, the number of hungry people in the world is increasing and the majority of world's hungry people now live in countries affected by conflict, WFP said
Sweden and the United Nations World Food Programme on Friday signed a Strategic Partnership Agreement committing an unprecedented $370 million dollars to WFP over the next four years, the agency said, hailing the Scandinavian nation as a global leader in aid. The contribution for the period 2018-2021 is the biggest ever made by a donor within a WFP Strategic Partnership Agreement, WFP underlined. For almost a decade, the Swedish government has been the largest donor of flexible funds to WFP whereas 90 percent of government funding to WFP is earmarked for specific operations or activities, the agency said.
“Sweden's extremely generous contribution provides WFP with one of the largest amounts of flexible and predictable funding any country has ever given us, enabling us to save lives at any given place and at any given time,” said WFP Executive Director David Beasley. “The people and the government of Sweden help us bring hope to millions of people, including the most vulnerable people caught up in some of the world's most heart-breaking crises. When it comes to saving lives and changing lives, Sweden is a global leader.” The Swedish contribution comes at a time of record need as the world faces the worst humanitarian crisis since the end of World War II, with multiple large-scale hunger emergencies occurring across the planet, WFP said.
For the first time in a decade, the number of hungry people in the world is increasing and the majority of world's hungry people now live in countries affected by conflict, WFP said. Ten of the 13 largest food crises on the planet are driven mainly by conflict, said WFP. “Food assistance is one of the most critical ways to respond to famine and save lives in acute emergency situations,” said Sweden's International Development Minister and Deputy Premier Isabella Loevin. “As part of our partnership, we are working closely with WFP to develop sustainable approaches to save livelihoods,” they added.
RIO GRANDE — The University of the Rio Grande and Rio Grande Community College is pleased to welcome Catherine Clark-Eich, Ph.D., LPC as interim president.
Clark comes to Rio after stellar careers in the public and private sectors. University of Rio Grande Board of Trustees Chair Kay Ervin said they are excited to work with Dr. Clark and bring their talents to Rio.
“We are thrilled to bring Dr. Clark into the Rio family. After a thorough search, we believe they are the right person to continue moving Rio forward at this time,” Ervin said. “We think they will be a perfect fit with the faculty, staff and students. The boards look forward to working with them until a permanent president can be found.”
Clark, who currently resides in Lancaster, Ohio, is an alumna of the Rio Grande. During their time at Rio, they were Homecoming Queen and a member of Alpha Mu Beta sorority. Later on, they became a member of the Alumni Board, eventually receiving the Alumni Citation of Appreciation. Rio Grande Community College Board of Trustees Chair Paul Reed said they believe Clark's experience in higher education and with the Ohio Department of Education will be a great advantage to the campus community.
“Dr. Clark has the qualifications needed for an interim president,” Reed said. “We have several exciting projects and plans for Rio in the upcoming year and we are all confident Dr. Clark is ready to lead those efforts. We are excited to have Dr. Clark here at Rio and are working to make their transition into campus as smooth as possible.”
Clark grew up in the Rio Grande area, attending Rio Grande Elementary and graduating from Gallia Academy High School. They have been active in many personal and professional organizations including United Way, Big Brothers/Big Sisters, Vaud-Villities Productions, a non-profit performance group, and they said they are excited to return to the Rio Grande.
“Rio and the community have always been special to me and I am eager to carry on all the wonderful and hard work that has been taking place here over the years. I am especially looking forward to joining forces with the Rio faculty and staff as we advance our commitment to a quality and affordable education in our community,” said Clark.
https://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/07/web1_Clark_ne20187311529673.jpg
By Jessica Patterson Special to OVP
Jessica Patterson is a communications specialist with the University of the Rio Grande.
Jessica Patterson is a communications specialist with the University of the Rio Grande.
Internet TV is getting more expensive, again.Netflix tests 'Ultra' tier that could add a higher-price option
With Netflix adding new original content at a breakneck pace, it only makes sense that another price adjustment is around the corner. The company confirmed tests of an Ultra tier that some European users have seen offered. Nothing's set in stone, yet, but right now the 16.99 Euro option allows for 4K, HDR and up to four streams at once. That means some of those features are pulled from the current lower-priced standard and Premium plans. If this rolls out widely, we'll have to wait and see if existing users who enjoy simultaneous streams and HDR at current rates get grandfathered in.
Paying for premium was supposed to get rid of ads.Spotify users push back after Drake's weekend 'take over'
Last week, Drake smashed the single-day record for total number of album streams on Spotify with the release of their new record Scorpion, but the artist had some help in making that happen. Spotify placed Drake prominently on its playlists, effectively allowing the artist to take over the music service at the weekend. Some premium subscribers went so far as to demand refunds from Spotify for the service's placement of advertisements on accounts that are supposed to be ad-free.
Can't get hacked if you leak the movie yourself.Sony posted a whole movie to YouTube instead of the trailer
Instead of going straight to DVD, Sony's Khali the Killer movie went straight to YouTube in a post that was supposed to only hold a trailer.
More than one million deals.Amazon's biggest Prime Day sale starts on July 16th
Why wait for Black Friday? Amazon's transparent mid-year attempt to boost sales is scheduled for July 16th, promising a day and a half of deep discounts that are (possibly) too good to resist. Prime Day kicks off around the world (and for the first time in Australia, Singapore, Netherlands and Luxembourg) on July 16th at 3 PM ET.
Ryo Hazuki's revenge story is back.'Shenmue' returns August 21st
With the third chapter in the Shenmue saga delayed yet again until 2019, fans (and newcomers) can keep themselves busy in the meantime with the first two games on their fancy modern consoles and PCs. Sega will release PS4, Xbox One and PS4 versions of the titles on August 21st and dropped off a new trailer for the remastered games just to whet our appetites.
Plus our first look at Android Wear.This day in Engadget history: Blockbuster Video tanks in a big way
Eight years ago, good ol' Blockbuster Video hit a new low: Shares of the once-great video store rental chain were trading at 18 cents, and, as a result, it was delisted from the New York Stock Exchange
But wait, there's more...
The Morning After is a new daily newsletter from Engadget designed to help you fight off FOMO. Who knows what you'll miss if you don't Subscribe.
Craving even more? Like us on Facebook or Follow us on Twitter.
Have a suggestion on how we can improve The Morning After? Send us a note.
The Wyoming Cowboys will square off with Fresno State at noon today in the Arena-Auditorium. Today's game will mark the first meeting between the schools since the four overtime contest in the Arena-Auditorium last season on February 8th which was won by the Pokes, 102-100.
The game will be broadcast on WyoRadio's 99.7 JACK-FM beginning at 11:30 a.m. with tip-off at noon. The game will also be streamed on 99KSIT.com
The Pokes (6-3 in the MWC, 15-7 overall) return to Laramie carrying a four game winning streak after Wednesday's double-overtime win at Colorado State, Wyoming sixth overtime contest of the year which ties an NCAA Division I record for overtime wins in a season.
The Bulldogs head to Laramie with a 15-8 overall record and a 5-5 mark in the league. Fresno State is one of the nation's top shooting teams shooting 50 percent from the field for second in the MWC and No. 14 in the nation.
The Bulldogs lead the all-time series 15-10 in a series that dates back to 1972. The Pokes are 9-3 all-time against Fresno State in Laramie.
We accept many different kinds of announcements. Just click on the button below and submit a form.
Go to forms
Getty Image
The investigation into Russian interference in last year's election now includes an investigation with President Trump specifically under the microscope.
The Washington Post reports that Special Counsel Robert S. Mueller III will be investigating Trump to determine if the current commander-in-chief obstructed justice. The news has arrived not particularly far removed from Trump friend and Newsmax CEO Chris Ruddy's claim that Trump was mulling the removal of Mueller. Officials speaking with the Post say investigators are looking into Trump's conduct, as well as “any evidence of possible financial crimes among Trump associates.”
Trump was reportedly given private assurances from then-FBI Director James B. Comey that they aren't the subject of a personal investigation. According to officials, that changed shortly after Comey's firing. There's no hard and fast numbers on how many people have been questioned by the FBI in their investigation, but the people the Post spoke with have stated that Mueller's team will talk to director of national intelligence Daniel Coats, National Security Agency head Mike Rogers and former NSA deputy director Richard Ledgett. All were said to have agreed to be interviewed by Mueller's investigators and those interviews could begin as early as this week. Trump's personal attorney indicated through a spokesperson that “the FBI leak of information regarding the president is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal.”
(Via The Washington Post)
A government safety panel on Monday urged the temporary shutdown of twin oil pipelines in the Straits of Mackinac until their operator can finish inspections and repair coating gaps, after some members expressed concerns over a recent deal between the state and Enbridge Inc.
The Michigan Pipeline Safety Advisory Board approved the non-binding resolution as members of Gov. Rick Snyder's administration who sit on the panel abstained from voting. Other non-binding resolutions call for temporarily halting the flow of oil during storms that produce sustained waves at least 3 feet (0.9 meter) high for longer than an hour, instead of an 8-foot (2.4-meter) threshold included in the agreement, and recommend that a "more robust" study of alternatives to Line 5 be completed.
The agreement, announced Nov. 27, sets an Aug. 15 deadline for determining the future of the nearly 5-mile-long (8-kilometer) segment beneath the channel where Lakes Huron and Michigan converge. Options include shutting down the pipeline or routing it through a tunnel beneath the lakebed where it now rests.
Because five or six members of the 16-person board voted for the measures while many others abstained, there was confusion over whether they had passed. Co-chairperson Valerie Brader, executive director of the Michigan Agency for Energy, said they expected the Republican governor's administration to consider the resolutions as advisory while also taking note of the number of abstentions.
Board member Jennifer McKay of the Tip of the Mitt Watershed Council said they hope the governor gives the resolutions "due consideration" and seeks amendments to the deal. Although the federal government regulates oil pipelines, Michigan owns the lake bottom and in 1953 granted an easement to the Canadian company allowing the pipeline to go there.
"We know we have coating gaps. It's a violation of the easement and it only makes sense to shut down the pipeline until Enbridge can adequately address and fix the coating issues to ensure we don't have any type of rupture or leak," they said.
The line transports about 23 million gallons (87 million liters) daily between Superior, Wisconsin, and Sarnia, Ontario.
At least four board members expressed frustration that Snyder struck the agreement without their input, contending it short-circuited the public process and signals that tunneling the pipeline is ultimately the state's preference. State officials on the board, however, said the deal is an interim one and is not intended to "prejudge" the fate of the pipeline.
"Certainly apologies if there was any perceived disrespect," said Michigan Department of Natural Resources Director Keith Creagh. "As we heard about the entire length of the pipeline, there were some measures put into place ... to ensure that there was a higher standard essentially in the interim as this board contemplates the future of Line 5."
Some board members, including a state Public Service Commission member and a representative for Attorney General Bill Schuette, said they had not had a chance to adequately study the resolutions at the meeting and they should have been circulated earlier.
Enbridge spokesperson Ryan Duffy said the company was evaluating the measures.
"We believe the Nov. 27 agreement between Enbridge and the State of Michigan benefits everyone who wants to protect communities and the environment around the Great Lakes," they said.
While not ruling out a permanent shutdown, the agreement includes a series of steps intended to boost the underwater pipes' safety. Enbridge agreed to evaluate three options by June for routing the underwater segment through a tunnel or trench, on or beneath the lakebed — either using the existing pipes or building a new one.
The company promised steps to prevent the lines from being damaged by a ship anchor, expedite monitoring of the pipelines with cameras or other devices, and speed up methods for detecting potential ruptures and responding to spills.
Additionally, Enbridge said it would replace another section of Line 5 beneath the St. Clair River where it crosses the U.S.-Canadian border with a new pipe inside a tunnel after receiving federal and state permits.
The company has repeatedly insisted the underwater segment installed is in good condition and has never leaked. However, state officials and environmental groups have expressed alarm over recent disclosures of gaps in its exterior layer of protective enamel coating and unsupported spaces beneath the pipes.
———
Follow David Eggert on Twitter at https://twitter.com/DavidEggert00 . Their work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/David%20Eggert .
There was so much to take in on Pusha T's “The Story of Adidon” between Drake's bizarre black face to their secret baby mama drama. One of the most mind-blowing lines of the diss record was when they took shots at Drizzy's good friend and OVO producer Noah “40” Shebib.
“OVO 40, hunched over like they 80, tick, tick, tick/How much time they got? That man is sick, sick, sick.”
For those who are unaware, 40 was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 2005 when they were 22 years old. The disease affects the brain, spinal cord, and optic nerves. Although the incurable can be managed, many people die from MS-related complications.
Many people thought that was a low blow, including the National Multiple Sclerosis Society. The organization released the following statement about the controversial lyrics:
Attempt saved. Marcelo Silva (Real Salt Lake) header from the center of the box is saved in the centre of the goal.
Utah shot 71 percent in the first quarter, cruising to a 30-9 lead less than ten minutes into the game and put an end to LSU's season in the second round of the NIT 95-71 in Salt Lake City Monday night.
LSU (18-15) got 35 points from backcourt mates Tremont Waters and Skylar Mays, with Waters pouring in a game-high 19 just a week after surgery on their nose. Mays added 16 with four 3-pointers in seven attempts, but LSU was just 8-30 from beyond the arc and got little contribution from post players Aaron Epps and Duop Reath, who were held to just 12 and nine points respectively.
Utah (21-11) scored a season high 95 points, connected on 14 of 27 three pointers and was never threatened after pushing the lead to 27 points in the second quarter 45-18. Sedrick Barefield led five Utes in double figures with 17 points, while graduate transfer and point guard Justin Bibbins had 16, including 14 in the first half and four of seven from three-point range.
Gabe Bealer added 13, while David Collette and Tyler Rawson added a dozen each.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
New York (AP) — Copper futures trading on the NY Merc Wed:
(25,000 lbs., cents per lb.)
NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) — Streets are quiet in the central business district of Kenya's capital ahead of the opposition's plan to "swear in" its leader, Raila Odinga, as an alternative president despite the attorney general's warning that such an act challenging the official president will amount to treason.
The U.S. has advised Odinga against the so-called inauguration Tuesday, as East Africa's economic hub tries to move beyond months of deadly election turmoil. Police have vowed to block opposition supporters from attending the event.
Heavy police deployment was withdrawn Tuesday without explanation at the Uhuru Park where the opposition had said the event would take place. A heavy police presence remains in city slums, which are opposition strongholds.
MILWAUKEE — The Milwaukee Brewers broke out of an offensive slump in a three-game series with the Cincinnati Reds, capped off by a 7-4 victory Sunday at Miller Park.
Domingo Santana led the Brewers offense with their 19th home run of the year, driving in three runs in the process. Ryan Braun also stayed hot during the home stand with a 2-for-4 performance and an RBI.
Advertisement
Matt Garza didn't have their best stuff, allowing four runs (three earned) over 5.1 innings while walking five, but they were pleased to get a win after a disastrous stretch prior to the series.
“We're just trying to get back to playing our style of ball,” Garza said. “Guys are smiling, having a good time, and we're creating a lot of pressure for the other team. That's kind of what we do.”
After a four-game sweep by the Twins, Milwaukee held a team meeting in an attempt to get back on track. During the series with the Reds, the Brewers scored 23 runs and hit seven home runs.
Utility infielder Neil Walker, acquired over the weekend in a trade with the New York Mets, wasted little time making an impact. Playing third base, Walker finished with a 2-for-4 day at the plate.
Related
Comments
comments
ST. PAUL, Minn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--Today, the Ag Energy Alliance released new Public Opinion Research results showing that Minnesotans support the increased use of pipelines to avoid an increasing number of oil trains traveling across Minnesota. The research further confirms that Minnesotans overwhelmingly support the kinds of critical infrastructure upgrades represented by the Line 3 Replacement Project. It is time for the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission to grant the need and route permits down the proposed route and get this critical infrastructure project built.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006396/en/
“Our grain elevator members and farmer consumers can't afford an increased glut of oil trains if we fail to permit the Line 3 Replacement down the proposed route,” said Bob Zelenka of the Minnesota Grain and Feed Association. “We need to replace Line 3 down the proposed route and move these products in pipelines rather than clogging up our rail lines. “
“It's clear from the research that Minnesotans overwhelmingly support replacing aging infrastructure – including oil and gas pipelines,” said Joe Goode, CEO of American Strategies, a national public opinion research firm. “The majority of Minnesotans believe pipelines should be used for oil transportation to avoid the safety and efficiency problems caused by the increased use of oil-by-rail.”
“Replacing Line 3 down the proposed route will avoid the interruption of service from an in-trench replacement which would come at a significant cost to farmers and other customers of our membership,” said Lance Klatt, Executive Director of the Minnesota Service Station and Convenience Store Association, a member of the Ag Energy Alliance.
The Minnesota Agriculture & Energy Alliance is a partnership between citizens, government, non-profit organizations and private companies working to support Minnesota's farmers and agri-business, rural retailers and other small businesses. People and organizations from across the state are working together to help create policies and support projects that improve access to markets for agricultural products, efficient energy and the overall business climate.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006396/en/
CONTACT: For Minnesota Agriculture & Energy Alliance:
Chris Tiedeman, 612-834-1919
Chris@weberjohnsonpa.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA MINNESOTA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENERGY OIL/GAS TRANSPORT RAIL PUBLIC POLICY/GOVERNMENT STATE/LOCAL NATURAL RESOURCES AGRICULTURE MINING/MINERALS URBAN PLANNING ENVIRONMENT CONSTRUCTION & PROPERTY
SOURCE: Minnesota Agriculture & Energy Alliance
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 04:02 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 04:02 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006396/en
Schools in Sweetwater County School District #2 are getting into the holiday spirit with holiday performances, concerts, recitals, and more.
Below is a list of school holiday performances around SWCSD#2.
Click here for a list of holiday performances for School District #1.
Don't forget to share your photos and videos of holiday performances by messaging us on Facebook or by emailing wyo4news@wyoming.com.
Granger Elementary
Holiday Program- December 18th at 1 p.m. at Granger Elementary School
Green River High School
Drama Department presents “A Christmas Story”- December 13 th at 7 p.m. in the high school theater
at 7 p.m. in the high school theater High School and Middle School Choir Concert- December 7 th at 7 pm. in the high school theater
at 7 pm. in the high school theater High School Band Concert- December 18th at 7 p.m. in the high school theater
Harrison Elementary
Harrison Christmas Program- December 11th at 6:30 p.m. Green River High School
Jackson Elementary
Buffalo Bill Holiday Roundup- December 22nd at 9 a.m. at Jackson Elementary
Lincoln Middle School
High School Choir and Middle School Choir, December 7 th at 7 p.m. at GRHS
at 7 p.m. at GRHS Band Concert- December 19th at 7 p.m. at Lincoln Elementary
McKinnon Elementary
Christmas Program- December 21st at 6 p.m. at McKinnon Elementary
Monroe Intermediate
6th Grade Band-December 13 th at 6:30 p.m. at Lincoln Middle School Auditorium
at 6:30 p.m. at Lincoln Middle School Auditorium 6 th Grade General Music Program- December 13th at 7:30p.m. Lincoln Middle School Auditorium
Grade General Music Program- December 13th at 7:30p.m. Lincoln Middle School Auditorium PTO Movie Night- December 18th; at 5:30 p.m., people can start purchasing pizza. At 6 p.m. they will show “How the Grinch Stole Christmas” and “Despicable Me 3.” Following the event, the movies will be raffled off.
Thoman Ranch Elementary
Music Program- December 18th at 5:30 p.m. at Thoman Ranch Elementary
Truman Elementary
Christmas Program- December 6th at 6:30 p.m. at Green River High School Theater
Washington Elementary
K-4 Music Performance- December 20th at 7 p.m. at GRHS
LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--KB Home (NYSE: KBH) today celebrates the release of its 11th annual Sustainability Report, now available for viewing exclusively at www.kbhome.com/sustainability. KB Home was the first major homebuilder to publish a comprehensive sustainability report in 2008 and continues its commitment to documenting the Company's industry leadership in sustainability and its strategies for future progress.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005295/en/
KB Home publishes its 11th annual Sustainability Report. (Graphic: Business Wire)
“We are very proud to continue to lead the homebuilding industry in sustainability and to share our achievements in our 11 th annual sustainability report,” said Jeffrey Mezger, chairperson, president, and chief executive officer of KB Home. “Sustainability has become the foundation of how we operate. In addition to having a meaningful impact on the environment, the energy- and water-saving features in our homes are estimated to have cumulatively saved our homeowners more than half a billion dollars in utility costs, a true differentiator for KB Home that resonates with our customers.”
The report covers KB Home's sustainability achievements during 2017 and highlights certain cumulative results over the past eleven years. As detailed in the report, through 2017, KB Home has built:
115,000+ ENERGY STAR® certified homes 13,000+ Water Smart® and WaterSense® labeled new homes 6,000+ solar-powered homes, many of which are nearly or are net-zero energy homes 150+ LEED Platinum® homes
These KB homes are estimated to have collectively:
Prevented greenhouse gas emissions equivalent to 382,000 passenger vehicles Conserved 1.4 billion gallons of water annually compared to the water consumption of typical resale homes and landscaping Saved homeowners more than a total of $658 million in utility bills compared to utility costs for typical resale homes Produced through the installed solar power systems nearly as much energy as a 14-megawatt solar power plant and offset the production of an estimated 35 million pounds of carbon dioxide per year, while saving homeowners more than $4.7 million in energy costs every year compared to the costs for typical resale homes
KB Home takes a broad approach to sustainability, encompassing energy efficiency, water conservation, healthier indoor environments, smart home capabilities and waste reduction. KB Home is the only national builder to have won awards under all of the Environmental Protection Agency's programs aimed at homebuilders — ENERGY STAR®, WaterSense®, which establishes water efficiency standards, and Indoor airPLUS®, which focuses on indoor air quality. Recently, KB Home announced that it received two prestigious awards: 2018 ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year – Sustained Excellence Award, and a TecHome Brilliance Award for its KB ProjeKt® concept home.
Details of KB Home's sustainability goals, achievements and challenges, including an initiative to achieve zero landfill waste by the year 2025, can be found in the 2017 KB Home Sustainability Report, now accessible at www.kbhome.com/sustainability. In developing the report, KB Home again followed the Global Reporting Initiative Guidelines, which provide a widely recognized level of accountability and transparency, and are considered by many environmental experts to be the current standard for sustainability reporting.
For more information on KB Home and its highly efficient new homes, visit www.kbhome.com or call 888-KB-HOMES.
About KB Home
KB Home (NYSE: KBH) is one of the largest homebuilders in the United States, with more than 600,000 homes delivered since our founding in 1957. We operate in 35 markets in 7 states, primarily serving first-time and first move-up homebuyers, as well as active adults. We are differentiated in offering customers the ability to personalize what they value most in their home, from choosing their lot, floor plan, and exterior, to selecting design and décor choices in our KB Home Studios. In addition, we are an industry leader in sustainability, building innovative and highly energy- and water-efficient homes. We invite you to learn more about KB Home by visiting www.kbhome.com, calling 888-KB-HOMES, or connecting with us on Facebook.com/KBHome or Twitter.com/KBHome.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005295/en/
CONTACT: KB Home
Susan Martin, 310-231-4142
smartin@kbhome.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: BUILDING SYSTEMS ENERGY ALTERNATIVE ENERGY UTILITIES ENVIRONMENT CONSTRUCTION & PROPERTY RESIDENTIAL BUILDING & REAL ESTATE
SOURCE: KB Home
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 08:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 08:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005295/en
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said Wednesday that players on the field who do not stand and "show respect" during the national anthem will be subject to discipline.
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said Wednesday that players on the field who do not stand and "show respect" during the national anthem will be subject to discipline.
NFL to require all on-field players to stand for national anthem
NFL to require all on-field players to stand for national anthem
Plaintiffs' lawyers contend the league is not awarding settlement funds fast enough. So far, $227 million in claims have been awarded. (Source: Raycom Media)
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - A federal judge in Philadelphia heard arguments Wednesday in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
The league last month cited an independent study it said found that more than 400 claims had been recommended for denial based on evidence of fraud by attorneys, doctors and former players.
Plaintiffs' lawyers contend the league is not awarding settlement funds fast enough, and at least two of the attorneys Wednesday said the investigator is unnecessary.
The league says attempts to scam the system are responsible for delays.
The NFL has asked that the investigator be granted subpoena power and the ability to compel testimony to determine whether more punitive actions are necessary upon fraud findings.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A cannon-like device, the launcher hurls chunks of wood — meant to simulate debris flying at 100 miles an hour, or about the speed of a Category 2 hurricane — at a target about 20 feet away. “You could get debris, tree limbs, stop signs, pieces of your neighbor's roof, all coming at you,” Mr. Gritzo said.
On the cue of “Fire!” an 8-foot-long piece of lumber flew across the lab toward a piece of plywood, the kind that might be used to board up the windows of a home or business. The ½-inch plywood didn't do well; the projectile went clear through it, like an arrow through an apple.
“Fail,” Mr. Gritzo said. (To have a reasonable chance of surviving a hurricane, the plywood would need to be closer to one inch thick.)
The team also burns things: plastics, huge rolls of paper, whiskey barrels, car parts, even frozen dinners. FM Global's fire lab, where a musky odor of soot hangs in the air, can perform detailed analysis of the emissions that result — often a toxic mix of hydrocarbons and other chemicals.
Photo
Scientists have warned that climate change is a threat to America's forests, with rising temperatures, drying trees and earlier-melting of snow contributing to a growing number of extreme wildfires. The recent wine country fires in California caused widespread losses of commercial property in addition to the devastation they brought to residential neighborhoods.
The risks of flooding, which wreaked havoc during Hurricane Harvey, bring a whole other layer of testing and preparations. While the relationship between climate change and hurricanes is complicated, it is becoming clear that a warming planet will produce wetter storms, while sea level rise will worsen the impact of storm surge.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Gritzo grills companies over their flood preparedness, making executives wear virtual reality goggles programmed to transform the lab into a flood zone, with muddy water licking at the walls.
Flood-proofing a regular four-foot door would require piling up 250 50-pound sandbags, a highly labor-intensive task. The bags also become contaminated from the floodwaters, generating mountains of waste.
ESPN's Adam Schefter reported the Eagles feared they had sustained a torn anterior cruciate ligament, which, if true, would require surgery, no matter how North Dakota tough Wentz may be. Asked about that report, Coach Doug Pederson declined to speculate.
Photo
“We knew they aren't coming back when they walked into the tunnel,” Philadelphia receiver Torrey Smith said. “When a guy like that goes in — you know how tough they are, they would fight through anything.”
Afterward, Pederson picked an interesting word to describe the mood in the locker room: “jubilation.” It might have been jubilant in those rapturous first few minutes, when Brandon Graham ran off the field flapping their arms like an Eagle, but not after players had showered and dressed, filing out of the locker room with N.F.C. East champion hats atop their heads but stoic looks on their faces.
“I'm excited we won,” said Nick Foles, who took over for Wentz with 13 minutes 58 seconds remaining and guided the Eagles to field goals on the ensuing two possessions, “but at the same time, I'm dealing emotionally with seeing them go down.”
The Eagles are deeper than Oakland was last year, when a Week 16 injury to Derek Carr destroyed the Raiders' Super Bowl hopes. But Wentz's potential absence, however long it is, could have a similar effect. It would also reverberate beyond Philadelphia, yanking a marquee player off the field for (probably) the playoffs and upending the N.F.C. postseason race.
The last two weeks have functioned as an abbreviated round-robin, with six of the conference's top seven teams matching up against one another. The Vikings beat the Falcons, who beat the Saints, who beat the Panthers, who beat the Vikings. The Seahawks beat the Eagles, who beat the Rams, who beat the Saints.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
So, yeah.
That cannibalization only reinforced Philadelphia's standing atop the N.F.C. hierarchy. The Eagles had withstood season-ending injuries to starters at left tackle (Jason Peters) and middle linebacker (Jordan Hicks), and to the slippery running back Darren Sproles and to their best special-teams player (Chris Maragos). Still, 11-2. Still, no Wentz.
“Do we have a quarterback on the roster?” safety Malcolm Jenkins said.
Yes.
“O.K. then,” Jenkins said.
Photo
Fortunately for the Eagles, that quarterback is not an anteater. It is Foles, who started the team's last playoff game, a home defeat to New Orleans four years ago, and whose inability to secure that job long-term initiated a sequence of moves that precipitated Sunday's tantalizing matchup: Wentz, the second pick in the 2016 draft, opposing Jared Goff, whom the Rams selected No. 1.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In March 2015, Philadelphia traded Foles to the Rams for Sam Bradford, and when neither thrived in their new setting, both teams traded up to select the quarterback they coveted. What the Eagles loved about Wentz, among other things, was their improvisational ability, a sense of how to extend plays within the team's offensive structure.
That style is enchanting when they dodge pass-rushers or sheds tackles.
“That's the way they play,” center Jason Kelce said “That's one of the things that makes them an incredible player in this league.”
That style is reckless when they put their body at risk and does not protect the ball, as happened last week in Seattle when it was ripped out as they dived toward the end zone, wiping out a possible touchdown. Or on Sunday, when Morgan Fox and Mark Barron sandwiched Wentz on their 2-yard run for a touchdown that was negated by a penalty.
Pederson noticed that Wentz looked a little “hobbly” when they got up, but teammates said Wentz betrayed no hint of injury when they entered the huddle.
“Didn't say a word,” receiver Alshon Jeffery said.
If Jeffery noticed Wentz's feet anchored in the grass as they whipped touchdown pass No. 4 to them moments later, seemingly reluctant to put weight on that knee, he, too, did not say a word.
Foles's promotion will restrict the Eagles' ability to call run-pass options, a staple for Wentz. But their staff is confident in Foles. So confident that Pederson, with the Eagles facing third-and-eight at their own 23 with 1:52 left, opted not to force a Rams time out by running the ball, opting instead for a pass. Foles connected with Nelson Agholor for 9 yards and a first down, allowing the Eagles to drain the clock down to 7 seconds before they punted.
In the locker room, Wentz awaited their teammates, and they congratulated them as they arrived. They limped out, their knee entombed in a brace, and fixed themselves a plate of Mexican food before being ferried away on a cart. It chugged up a ramp, and toward a team bus. Wentz was there, and then they were gone.
Coast
East Bay
East Bay Valleys
North Bay Valleys
Peninsula
South Bay
Thursday:
Tonight will be partly cloudy with increasing areas of fog near the coast and bay. Overnight lows will be in the mid to upper 40s. Tomorrow will be mainly sunny, with fog lingering at the coast. Highs will range from mid 50s at the coast to mid 70s inland. Thursday will be slightly cooler, and further cooling is likely on Friday, with a chance of light showers or sprinkles in the North Bay. The weekend will partly cloudy to mostly sunny and dry, but slightly cooler than the seasonal averageConcordOaklandRedwood CitySan FranciscoSan JoseSanta RosaTonight: Areas of FogLows: Mid 40sTomorrow: Fog LingersHighs: Mid 50sTonight: Areas of FogLows: Upper 40sTomorrow: Mostly SunnyHighs: Upper 60sTonight: Patchy FogLows: Upper 40sTomorrow: Sunny & MildHighs: Mid 70sTonight: Patchy FogLows: Mid 40sTomorrow: Mostly SunnyHighs: Upper 60sTonight: Areas of FogLows: Upper 40sTomorrow: Mostly SunnyHighs: Upper 60sTonight: Patchy FogLows: Upper 40sTomorrow: Sunny & MildHighs: Mid 70sMostly sunny, with temperatures ranging from mid 50s at the coast to near 70 inland.
Kenyans Sweep the Boston Marathon
by Rashad Snell
Kenya's Geoffrey Kirui (JOFF'-ree key-ROO'-ee) has won the Boston Marathon – their first marathon victory ever.
Kirui outran Galen Rupp of the U.S. to take Monday's 121st running of the race in an unofficial time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 36 seconds.
They took seventh in last year's Amsterdam Marathon and third at Rotterdam.
Rupp finished unofficially in 2 hours, 9 minutes, 58 seconds.
___
Edna Kiplagat (KIP'-la-gat) has won their Boston Marathon debut.
The Kenyan police officer opened up a big lead heading into the Newton hills, and they cruised to victory in an unofficial 2 hours, 21 minutes, 53 seconds in Monday's 121st running of the race.
It's the first time Kiplagat, a two-time world champion, has raced Boston.
She's won in London, New York City and Los Angeles.
Rose Chelimo of Bahrain was second, 59 seconds behind and American Jordan Hasay was third in their marathon debut. Desi Linden, who was second in Boston by 2 seconds in 2011, finished fourth – the first time since 1991 that two U.S. women have finished in the top four.
Bill Kole in Boston
Facing elimination on Sunday, the Red Sox will turn to Doug Fister, who was 4-1 with a 1.78 E.R.A. as a starter in the postseason for Detroit and Washington. But Fister struggled for the Astros last season, and they lost to them last Friday in Boston. They had a 4.88 E.R.A. this year.
Like Sale — who gave up two of Jose Altuve's three homers on Thursday — Pomeranz won 17 games in the regular season but wilted in their first career postseason start. They faced just 12 batters, retiring only half. They gave up five hits (including two homers) and a walk, with just one strikeout.
Also like Sale, Pomeranz started with a two-run first. For Sale, the problem was consecutive homers by Alex Bregman and Altuve. Pomeranz held Altuve to a single, but Correa unloaded on a fastball for a two-run homer.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
That encounter illustrated the difficulty of facing the Astros. Pomeranz threw three pitches with a 2-2 count — two fastballs and a curve — and Correa fouled them all. They drove the eighth pitch of the at-bat (another fastball) deep into the stands above left field.
There was much more damage to come. Springer bats leadoff but led the Astros in homers, with 34. They greeted Pomeranz in the third inning by driving a curveball into the right-field seats.
Soon it was 4-1, after a double by Bregman and a single by Altuve, and Pomeranz was out of the game. Carson Smith struggled in relief — with two walks and a lineout to third — before Price induced two popouts to end the threat.
The three-run lead was plenty for Astros starter Dallas Keuchel, who deftly mixed cutters, sliders and sinkers after a wobbly first trip through the lineup. They retired 13 in a row from the second inning to the sixth, when a two-out walk ended theirs afternoon.
The Red Sox were not so lucky; they had to keep playing. Houston scored four times in the sixth off Eduardo Rodriguez and Addison Reed, taking advantage of an error, a hit batsman and Altuve's second intentional walk of the day.
That was one way to limit Altuve's damage. But danger lurks up and down this Astros lineup, and the Red Sox cannot stop it.
The fire duo, known as Half-A-Mil, which consists of Dom Kennedy and Hit-Boy, have made their return with their third installment of their joint EP series. The project, Half-A-Mil 3, is a 7-track collab project with features from 24HRS, Quentin Miller and BC.
Hit-Boy blessed the project production-wise for a majority of the songs while G-Dave makes an appearance behind the boards for “Might As Well”. These two dope California artists linked up and dropped their first project as a duo nearly 8 months ago, then followed up shortly with the sequel. They also hinted at a possible full-length album coming this fall. Check out the full tracklist and project below!
Tracklist:
As the instructions point out, all videos are fetched automatically and listed alphabetically. Most playback features are supported, but you can't fling a video to Chromecast or another Plex app yet and external subtitles aren't supported. (Worst of all, it won't remember where you left off if you exit the video. Ugh.) The app can play .MP4, .MKV, .AVI, .WMV and .WMD formats -- just note that the first time you play a video of that type, you'll need internet access for the app to update player support components. After that, watch offline to your heart's content.
As Tesla surged past Ford and General Motors last week to become the most valuable car company in the United States, here was the brusque assessment of Bruce Greenwald, a professor at Columbia Business School: “It's nuts.”
And, in a way, it is nuts. Particularly, if you ignore the Elon Musk mythology and look at the numbers. Tesla sold 80,000 cars last year. GM sold 10 million, meaning it exceeded Tesla's annual vehicle sales every three days, on average. Despite the fanfare, Musk's company lost $780 million in 2016. Ford made $11 billion.
But Tesla is a mountain of superlatives, as the auto industry's most successful upstart, run by the “greatest living inventor” selling the greatest story of any publicly-traded tech company. Stock prices are, like everything else in life inflected by psychology, more about expectations of the future than about present circumstances. And that's the metric where Tesla is beating its rivals into the ground. The company's sales are growing 70 percent annually while the domestic car market has plateaued.
Recommended: Frank and Steven's Excellent Corporate-Raiding Adventure
Tesla's valuation isn't nuts if, as some investors surely hope, cars are the new smartphones and Musk is the next Steve Jobs. In 2007, when the iPhone debuted, it was in a position much like Tesla, selling just 4 million units in a year when Nokia sold more than 400 million, as Vox's Tim Lee writes. But 10 years later, Apple is the world's most valuable company—with 20 percent of the world's smartphones sales, and the vast majority of the industry's profits—while Nokia has sold off its cell phone business.
Apple and Amazon got so big because they piggy-backed off of larger movements in tech and culture—the shift of attention to mobile and the shift of retail to the Internet—that created enormous new markets for them to dominate. Investors expect Tesla to dominate the electric future of cars the way Apple gobbles up smartphone profits and Amazon dominates e-commerce.
But the future of cars is a riddle within an enigma, as the industry sits at a crossroads facing several divergent futures—driven vs. self-driving, private vs. shared, gas vs. electric. Here are three questions that will shape the future of cars.
1. Will people drive cars, or will the cars drive themselves?
The self-driving revolution is like a massive West Coast earthquake—experts claim it's practically inevitable, but nobody can say for sure when or what it will look like. Business Insider Intelligence predicts there will be 10 million self-driving cars on the road in three years. In 10 years, about a quarter of miles driven in the United States could be in self-driving electric cars, according to Boston Consulting Group.
Recommended: What in the World Is Causing the Retail Meltdown of 2017?
If this self-driving future never fully materializes, legacy car companies will probably benefit from the lack of disruption. But is it so obvious that they would also lose, even in the self-driving scenario?
To be sure, investors are betting against them. The price-earnings ratio—a company's share price divided by its earnings per share—is a barometer of investors' optimism in future profit growth. The average P/E for the S&P 500 is in the mid-20s. But the ratios for car companies, like Ford, GM, and Toyota, are all around 10, which suggests that investors aren't confident that their profits will last. (Tesla has no P/E ratio, since it has no E.) Musk is preparing for the autonomous future by installing self-driving hardware in all of their new cars. This way, when Tesla finally acquires or develops the software for fully autonomous driving, cars bought this year can be retrofitted to drive themselves.
Earlier this month, Navigant Research published a report that declared the worldwide leader in self-driving tech is Ford, followed by GM, Renault-Nissan, Daimler, and Volkswagen—all car companies. Tesla finished 12th. One research report isn't gospel. But it suggests that the “Tesla Is Apple, and Cars Are Smartphones” thesis has some serious limitations. In 2007, Apple's competitors thought the iPhone was a terrible idea. But in 2017, almost all of Tesla's competitors are engaged in a global race to build electric and autonomous vehicles, and some of them are arguably ahead of Musk in software and distribution capacity.
(Illinois Department of Corrections/Chicago Sun-Times via AP). This undated Illinois Department of Corrections photo via the Chicago Sun-Times shows Arturo DeLeon-Reyes, a Mexican immigrant who was wrongfully convicted of a double-murder nearly 20 year...
(AP Photo/Don Babwin). Gabriel Solache is flanked by their civil attorney, Alexa Van Brunt, left, and criminal attorney Karen Daniel, both from the Northwestern Law School in Chicago, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, after they were released from prison. Solache, a...
(AP Photo/Don Babwin). Gabriel Solache speaks with reporters in Chicago, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, after they were released from prison. Solache, a Mexican immigrant wrongfully convicted of a double-murder nearly 20 years ago was granted their freedom in Decemb...
By IVAN MORENO and DON BABWIN
Associated Press
CHICAGO (AP) - Freedom was short-lived for two Mexican immigrants recently released after nearly 20 years in an Illinois prison when a judge ruled their confessions in a gruesome double-murder case were likely coerced.
Gabriel Solache and Arturo DeLeon-Reyes, who were freed in December, were immediately detained again. This time they're awaiting deportation proceedings from Immigration and Customs Enforcement because they entered the country illegally.
They are among several defendants who have walked free because their cases were handled by Reynaldo Guevara, a discredited former Chicago detective facing allegations that for years they beat and bullied defendants to obtain false confessions.
DeLeon-Reyes' attorney said he's not sure they even made it past the fence outside the jail.
"But I do know they did see the sun shine without handcuffs on and could see a park and all of those were a first for them in a really long time," said Andrew Vail, a Jenner and Block attorney who worked on the case for free.
DeLeon-Reyes and Solache's release adds a chapter to what has become one of the most troubling stories of the Chicago Police Department in recent history. The allegations of Guevara's brutality last year led to five overturned convictions. In previous years here have been other cases. One resulted in a 2009 jury award of $21 million - the largest award in in a wrongful conviction judgment at the time - to a man who spent 11 years in prison before their conviction was overturned.
Guevara has repeatedly invoked their Fifth Amendment right to remain silent when he's been called to respond to defendants' allegations in several cases. They did the same late last year at a hearing for Solache and DeLeon-Reyes, but this time prosecutors granted them immunity hoping their testimony would keep their convictions intact.
But Guevara's answer to every question was that they didn't remember and they refused to look at their previous police reports to refresh their memory, drawing the ire of Judge James Obbish, who in December threw out the confessions as they called Guevara's remarks "bald face lies." They called Guevara "a shell of what we would expect and quite frankly what I've come to know for the vast majority of the homicide detectives ..."
"He just tried to just weasel and wiggle their way out of a situation that they aren't even in because the State gave them immunity," Obbish said.
And with that, the Cook County state's attorney had no case against DeLeon-Reyes and Solache because prosecutors never had any physical evidence connecting them to the crime. Still, the prosecutors have continued to insist DeLeon-Reyes and Solache are guilty.
Police arrested Solache, DeLeon-Reyes, and Adriana Mejia for the stabbing deaths of Mariano and Jacinta Soto in 1998. The married couple was attacked so Mejia could steal their baby, and they told police Solache and DeLeon-Reyes were their accomplices, according to court documents. Mejia claimed their accomplices committed the stabbings, but no fingerprints or DNA was ever found connecting the men to the slayings. The only clothes that had blood on them were Mejia's.
Mejia is serving a life sentence.
Solache and DeLeon-Reyes barely knew each other or Mejia before their arrests. They lived together as roommates, along with Mejia's husband and another man. They also didn't know the Sotos.
Solache and DeLeon-Reyes are taking different paths now.
DeLeon-Reyes, who was 25 when they immigrated in 1997, wants to stay in the U.S. for now but ultimately return home in the Mexican state of Jalisco, where their wife and five children are. He's opted for voluntary deportation, which an immigration judge granted, but the government plans to appeal to get an involuntary deportation. That designation that would make it more difficult for DeLeon-Reyes to legally come back to the U.S.
DeLeon-Reyes remains in custody at the Kenosha County Detention Center in Wisconsin as the government makes a decision on an appeal, due in about three weeks.
On Friday, Solache was released on bond while their immigration case progresses in the hopes they can stay in the U.S.
They walked out of the federal immigration services building wearing a Cubs jersey with the number 14 on the back - their number when they played soccer in Mexico. Also on the back was the name Jane Raley, the attorney at Northwestern University Law School's Center on Wrongful Convictions who represented Solache for more than a decade before their death in 2014.
"She is the one who made this possible," Solache explained.
Their attorney, Karen Daniel, said when Solache was taken into custody, immigration officials tried to use their invalidated confession to keep them locked up even longer.
"They tried to use it to show they were a danger to the community," Daniel said.
___
Moreno reported from Milwaukee.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Classic Corvettes get vibration and noise isolation from a succession of soft, flexible rubber and steel components designed to soak up road boom and powertrain harmonics to make the going quieter and smoother. Back in the day, new Corvettes were fitted with rubber parts throughout the suspension, exhaust system, engine and driveline. All of it was designed to deliver a comfortable driving experience.
Today, we want a more hardy driving experience where a classic Corvette exhibits better road manners than it did decades ago. Suspension technology has brought us better vibration and noise isolation in the form of Hyper-Flex polyurethane from Energy Suspension, which outperforms rubber by a wide margin.
Energy Suspension tells us factory suspension bushings and mounts are generally made of steel and rubber for good noise and driveline isolation. Rubber is very flexible, which means you're going to experience a lot more flex in places where you're not going to want it, such as the suspension, which is unacceptable when you're headed for the road course. When rubber suspension components flex it changes the geometry, which tends to throw handling off in the twisties.
The black rubber originally installed on classic Corvettes was made from petroleum byproducts as opposed to natural rubber. Polyurethane is a “reaction polymer” created in a thermoset process, which is more common today than rubber. What's more, polyurethane is virtually indestructible and outlasts rubber. “Rubber” is used to describe factory bushing material and “polyurethane” is used to describe Hyper-Flex, the proprietary material used by Energy Suspension in its polyurethane products.
Why is it important to have reduced flex from our suspension systems? Because the flexing of suspension components slows a chassis' response to input creating an obvious disconnect between driver, chassis and the road. In tire and suspension testing and research, engineers do a “step and steer” test, which involves driving at a constant rate of speed, quickly dialing in a specific steering attitude, holding that input, and then measuring the car's response to input. Most vehicles will have an initial reaction and then a secondary reaction after everything settles down. While some of this “settling” is tire reaction, a lot it comes from suspension deflection and sloppy geometry where a test vehicle plows all over the place.
Polyurethane design and manufacturing isn't as simple as it may seem. Hardness is measured on the Durometer scale. There are two main scales followed by either A, D or OO. Tires, as one example, will have a Durometer number of 60A while a solid hand truck hard rubber wheel is a 50D. These two systems operate on the same testing procedure of probe pressure into the polyurethane or rubber to determine hardness.
Energy Suspension focuses primarily on the Durometer scale to measure hardness. If you think about it on a small scale, a polyurethane or rubber bushing is a suspension system for the suspension system. How does the material compress, deflect and spring back? If you get tremendous pressure and no damping, you get a vehicle that never settles when it gets rough and you wind up all over the road. The harder the material the less damping occurs.
Polyurethane bushings last far longer than rubber because they're resistant to heat, ozone and harsh chemicals. If you keep polyurethane parts lubricated, and you will rarely have to do this, they can last the life of your vehicle.
What kind of performance can you expect from Energy Suspension parts, which we obtained through Summit Racing Equipment? Road racers will experience better lap times thanks to the firmness of Hyper-Flex, which minimizes unwanted geometry changes. If you're more inclined to go drag racing, expect to see better elapsed times beginning at the 60-foot mark because you're going to hook up better and at the top end because your front wheels are staying straight and not deflecting outward, which slows you down. Vette
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. ABC canceled its hit r...
By The Associated Press
Ambien and similar sleep aids are well-known for sometimes causing some weird behavioral side effects, but changing one's political or cultural views is not one of them.
Roseanne Barr partly blamed the insomnia drug in explaining a tweet that led ABC to cancel their show: "It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting," they wrote.
Until this week, Ambien's most headline-grabbing behavioral side effect was "sleep-driving," essentially sleepwalking except getting behind the wheel and going for a drive with no memory of doing so.
But people also have reported making phone calls, eating meals, having sex and doing other things that they don't remember after taking so-called "sedative-hypnotic" medications. People charged with crimes occasionally even have tried "the Ambien defense."
Doctors call these "complex sleep behaviors." On its official Ambien labeling, manufacturer Sanofi calls the side effects "abnormal thinking and behavioral changes" - changes that can include decreased inhibition.
"It's behavior that's done when the individual is in a sense both asleep and awake at the same time," explained University of Pittsburgh sleep medicine specialist Dr. Daniel Buysse. It's not so different from how people sometimes behave under the influence of alcohol, they added, and it can be hard to tell if the behavior really was due to the drug.
And while it's not clear how common such side effects are, Ambien's instructions clearly state: Take it right before you get into bed, and only if you plan to stay there for 7 or 8 hours.
"You should take it and lie down. Read a book or something" but don't wander around or get on the computer or do other things waiting for the medicine to kick in, said Dr. Marc Schlosberg, a sleep medicine specialist at MedStar Washington Hospital Center.
Sanofi said Wednesday in a tweet that "while all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication."
Barr later tweeted that they have had odd experiences while taking the drug late at night. "I blame myself, not Ambien," they tweeted.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
You couldn't make it up: Grant Shapps' local Tory association are hosting their annual dinner this evening at Beales hotel in Welwyn Hatfield. Guess who is down as the guest speaker? Only Shapps' fellow arch-plotter Andrew Mitchell, who spent the summer along with Shapps calling round MPs stirring up anti-Theresa May sentiment. They could probably do with a few glasses of vino to forget the last 24 hours…
Engadget is the original home for technology news and reviews. Since our founding in 2004, we've grown from an exhaustive source for consumer tech news to a global multimedia organization covering the intersection of technology, gaming and entertainment. Today, Engadget hosts the archives and expertise of early digital publishing players like Joystiq, TUAW and gdgt, and produces the Internet's most compelling videos, reviews, features and breaking news about the people, products and ideas shaping our world. After 13 years in the game, we're leveraging our history to bring the future into focus.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
When you look for electricity in junior B lacrosse, you need not look further down the road than Niagara-on-the-Lake.
The Niagara Thunderhawks have been in the playoff mix in each of the last four seasons, putting solid players on the floor and having three-time coach of the year Randy Chrysler behind the bench.
The Thunderhawks are trying to set themselves up as Founders Cup champions after finishing with a 15-4-1 record.
Only the Clarington Green Gaels, 19-1; Orangeville Northmen, 18-2; Akwesasne Indians and Windsor Clippers, both 16-4; enjoyed more success during the regular season in the 25-team league. but the Thunderhawks won't rest on their laurels if Chrysler has anything to say about i.t
“Records. You play them and you throw them out,” they said. “I'm not concerned with records. If we get the kids to believe in the coaching staff and in the philosophy of the game, the wins will come.”
In junior B lacrosse, players can play up to six seasons before they turn 21. Niagara hosts the Six Nations Rebels in the Thursday, April 27, season opener at Meridian Credit Union Arena in Virgil with many returning players.
Chrysler said in a league in which turnover on the floor can be high, having a team of veterans who stick to the system is the foundation of a winning season.
“A lot of the kids that are 21 now,” they said. “I've seen them go through our minor system, and this group here is more together.”
“When you look at our junior B success, it trickles all the way down to the minors. What our minor association is doing is making it easier for us as coaches.”
The reinforcements coming up put pressure on the older players to perform at a higher level. Chrysler talked about players not only earning your stripes, but keeping them. Veteran players, such as Zach Luis, Conner Overstrom, and Ryan Koch, are part of the reason the Thunderhawks own the fifth-best goals per game and the sixth-best goals against in the league.
That kind of stability also makes it easier for players to transition from midget. Devin Napoleon, 16, of Niagara Falls, N.Y., is already showing promise in training camp and has a good shot at playing games this season.
He's said cracking the lineup, having an immediate impact and making the Thunderhawks better are their top priorities.
“I just want to get out there, play my best and have fun,” said Napoleon, who has competed against some of the players in junior B in field lacrosse at the high school level.
Napoleon is parlaying a good transition game and above-average shot to increasing their odds of making the roster for the season opener.
“If I do what I'm supposed to do, the goals will come,” they said. “ I just want to make the team better.”
The season opener against Six Rebels, a perennial powerhouse that reeled off Founders Cup champions from 2011 to 2014, will be a big test for Niagara, allowing Chyrsler the chance to assess their team's compete level.
The Thunderhawks have a tendency to play tough games against Six Nationals. Last time the two teams met in June 2016, it ended in a 12-12 draw. The 'Hawks were 1-1-1 last season against their division rival, with the win and the draw both coming in Virgil.
Photo
Of the five tastes — sweet, salty, sour, bitter and umami — sour is one of the most mysterious. Bite into a piece of lemon and — bing! — your brain gets a message that something sour has arrived. But unlike sweet and bitter, for example, for which biologists have identified proteins on the tongue's taste cells that detect the molecules involved, the sourness of acids like lemon juice and vinegar has remained enigmatic, with the exact details of how we pick up on it little understood. Now, however, in a paper published last month in Science, researchers report that they have found a protein in mouse taste cells that is likely a key player in the detection of sour flavors.
There's just one strange thing, though: Biologists have known about this protein for years. It was previously identified in the inner ear, or vestibular system, of mice, humans and many other creatures, where it is required for developing a sense of balance.
The results suggest a fascinating truth about evolution: The first place something is discovered may not be the last place it turns up. If it has proved advantageous over the eons, a protein whose purpose we thought we understood may have a rich private life of its own elsewhere in the body, just waiting to be found.
Similar discoveries have cropped up more and more in the last decade as researchers look more closely at which genes cells are using. This approach has led to the revelations that smell receptors are alive and well in the kidneys, bitter taste receptors dot the sinuses and testes, and sweet taste receptors are found in the bladder.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
It seems these proteins are acting as sensors in these other tissues as well. But rather than sending a message about the strawberry you're biting into, they are rigged to send messages about invading bacteria, for instance, or to help adjust blood pressure after a meal. They may have been evolution's version of an especially useful Tinkertoy piece: versatile, easy to assemble in new configurations, already in the tool kit.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
It may have been a similar situation for this protein implicated in both taste and balance.
Emily Liman of the University of Southern California, who led the study, and colleagues were on the hunt for a sour sensor when they made the discovery chronicled in their latest paper. They had made a list of all the genes expressed in sour taste cells and identified those that might make cells sensitive to acids. They had tested about 40 before they came to one called Otop1.
A river swollen from heavy rains because of Alberto collapses a bridge as two people attempt to cross.
A river swollen from heavy rains because of Alberto collapses a bridge as two people attempt to cross.
Two people barely escaped falling into a raging river when a bridge collapsed as they were crossing. (Source: Cuban State TV/CNN)
Two people barely escaped falling into a raging river when a bridge collapsed as they were crossing. (Source: Cuban State TV/CNN)
2 people almost fall in to raging water when bridge collapses in Cuba
2 people almost fall in to raging water when bridge collapses in Cuba
(AP Photo/Kathy Kmonicek). A lake level indicator on the side of the Lake Tahoma Dam indicates how far above full, approximately 2 1/2 feet, the lake level is on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in McDowell County, five miles north of downtown Marion, N.C.
(AP Photo/Kathy Kmonicek). Local residents position a road closed sign at the entrance to the Lake Tahoma Dam on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in McDowell County, five miles north of downtown Marion, N.C.
(AP Photo/Kathy Kmonicek). Water flows from the Lake Tahoma Dam on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in McDowell County, five miles north of downtown Marion, N.C.
(AP Photo/Chuck Burton). A truck passes an area on I-40 where traffic lanes were blocked in Old Fort, N.C., Wednesday, May 30, 2018 after heavy rains from the fringes of Subtropical Storm Alberto caused a mudslide Tuesday evening.
(AP Photo/Chuck Burton). Workers clear debris from a parking lot washed out at a restaurant in Black Mountain, N.C., Wednesday, May 30, 2018 after heavy rains from the fringes of Subtropical Storm Alberto caused widespread flooding Tuesday evening.
By JEFFREY S. COLLINS
Associated Press
As remnants of Subtropical Storm Alberto spread into the Great Lakes region, people are keeping a weary watch on dams and hillsides as rains from the storms have triggered floods and mudslides in the Appalachians of the Southeast.
So far, four dams being closely watched by a state team of special engineers were holding up, North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper said Wednesday.
But Cooper went ahead and declared a state of emergency for their hard-hit mountain counties, saying the forecast for the rest of the week calls for isolated heavy rain storms that could instantly cause flooding in areas that have had 20 inches (50 centimeters) of rain in the past 15 days.
"This storm isn't yet over. I'm urging people to keep a close eye on forecasts," Cooper said.
Alberto, while still spinning like a classic tropical storm, has managed to make its way since a Memorial Day landfall in the Florida Panhandle to just outside of Chicago. Forecasters said it would still bring rain and gusty winds to the Great Lakes this week.
Alberto's heavy rains have been widespread. Scattered flooding was reported in several states from Alabama through Tennessee, Kentucky, Illinois, the Carolinas and Virginia and West Virginia.
In Hopkinsville, Kentucky, high winds and heavy rains gave Sherry Key a fitful night's sleep.
"I have dogs and they're terribly afraid of storms, so they were on top me all night," said Key, an airport office manager.
The worst of the flooding was in the Appalachian Mountains. Up to 7 inches (18 centimeters) of rain caused flooding in Helen, a mountain town in Georgia, the National Weather Service said.
Atlanta station WAGA-TV reported that several roads near the downtown area of that German-styled tourist destination were shut down because of the rising water. No injuries or structural damage have been reported.
Two deaths had been reported during the storm's passage. A television news anchor and a photojournalist were killed Monday in North Carolina while covering the weather, when a tree became uprooted from rain-soaked ground and toppled onto their SUV, authorities said. WYFF-TV of Greenville, South Carolina, said news anchor Mike McCormick and photojournalist Aaron Smeltzer died.
In the mountains of North Carolina, two Department of Transportation workers survived a close call when their dump truck was swept away by a mudslide in McDowell County while trying to clean debris from an earlier slide. The men were able to climb from the overturned truck and stand on its side in the Catawba River until they were rescued, Gov. Cooper said.
Authorities in Cuba say Alberto left four people dead there as the storm drenched the island in heavy rain. Interior Minister Julio Cesar Gandarilla said late Tuesday they died as a result of "recklessness" during the storm. They gave no details. The deaths occurred as authorities worked to contain an oil spill in central Cuba's Cienfuegos Bay that followed the flooding of nearby oil refinery.
___
Collins reported from Columbia, South Carolina. Associated Press Reporter Jack Jones, also in Columbia, contributed to this story.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BELGRADE, Serbia (AP) — Serbian police have prevented dozens of far-right supporters from disrupting an event designed to boost dialogue with the former province of Kosovo whose declaration of independence Belgrade does not recognize.
Police cordons blocked several streets in central Belgrade on Wednesday as members of the Serbian Radical Party rallied against the opening of the "Mirdita-Dobar Dan" festival. Party leader Vojislav Seselj, who was convicted of war crimes by a U.N. court, says the festival is a "shame" for Serbia.
The event is organized by liberal youth groups from Serbia and Kosovo to promote cultural exchange between the former war foes. It features films, exhibitions and debates.
Serbia and Kosovo must normalize relations to advance toward membership in the European Union. Kosovo declared independence in 2008 following the 1998-99 conflict.
Amid the rumours of a clash with T Series, Yami Gautam refuted all the possibilities of leaving the film and added that they are excited to be a part of their upcoming film Batti Gul Meter Chaalu. Further revealing about their role in the film, Yami said that they will be playing the role of a lawyer in the Shahid Kapoor and Shraddha Kapoor starrer.
Contrary to reports that Yami Gautam might lose their latest project ‘Batti Gul Meter Chalu' because of their tussle with T-series, the actor says that they are very excited to be part of the film. “‘Batti Gul Meter Chalu' is the next. I am very excited to be on board. I am playing a lawyer. I'm also excited to collaborate with Prernaa Arora (of KriArj Entertainment), Shahid (Kapoor), Shraddha Kapoor. “We are very excited as a team. The efforts are going to be the highest,” Yami told IANS on the sidelines of Lakme Fashion (LFW) Week Summer/Resort 2018.
In an effort to promote sustainable fashion in India, the Woolmark Company and couturier Manish Malhotra unveiled a capsule collection using natural fibre Merino Wool titled ‘Inaya' at Lakme Fashion Week (LFW) Summer/Resort 2018. Yami, who was draped in a merino wool-made sari designed by Malhotra, said that they “never felt so light in a six yard wonder.” “Let me start by talking about Manish Malhotra.  They are the warmest person you will ever meet in the industry and they come with such a great humility. “His collection is my all-time favourite. This sari is actually very comfortable. It is made up of National fibre, which is trans seasonal. I love it,” said Yami.
The ‘Inaya' collection is Malhotra's first Merino wool line which presents this fibre in a way like never before. The newly unveiled signature collection will be available to the designer's high-end clientele at Manish Malhotra stores in India, Dubai, Europe and Britain. Capturing the essence of the ongoing sustainable fashion dialogue, ‘Inaya' presents wool sarees for women and bandhgalas and sherwanis for men, throwing the spotlight on Merino wool as a natural, biodegradable and renewable fibre.
The General Manager of the Lagos State Infrastructure Maintenance Regulatory Agency, Babatunde Ojekunle says the agency will soon embark on a state wide regulatory inspection of infrastructure.
They said the exercise which is scheduled to commence in September, will be carried out by duly certified site inspection representative of the Agency.
They said this will enable the Agency develop a comprehensive Database of telecommunications cell sites including Towers, Masts and other equipment to enhance efficiency and effectiveness of regulatory oversight.
Lagos to begin state wide regulatory inspection of Infrastructure
A Republican lawmaker is pushing to add Oklahoma to the list of states in which so-called chemical castration is an option for certain sex offenders, albeit an option that rarely gets used.
State Rep. Rick West, a first-term lawmaker from Heavener, said they filed the bill at the request of a constituent and that they fully intend to push for its passage, though it's likely to face strong opposition, even in a conservative state with a tough-on-crime reputation.
If approved, Oklahoma would join at least seven other states that have laws allowing courts to order chemical treatments that reduce male testosterone for certain sex offenders, although experts say the punishment is rarely carried out and one described it as a "half fantasy" version of criminal justice.
"When I knocked on that guy's door when I was campaigning, they said: 'I'll vote for you if you'll run this bill,'" West said.
West, who has introduced a measure that would allow tobacco back inside state prisons, said he's confident their constituents would support efforts to prevent sex crimes, especially against children.
Under the bill , anyone convicted of a sexually violent offense could be required as a condition of release to take the drugs designed to reduce a male offender's testosterone and sexual libido. A second offense would require the treatment unless a court determined it wouldn't be effective.
California became the first state to pass such a law in 1996, and since then at least six other states have passed laws allowing it in some form, including Georgia, Florida, Louisiana, Montana, Oregon and Wisconsin, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. Texas allows repeat sex offenders to voluntarily elect to be surgically castrated.
It's unclear how often the procedure is used, but it appears to be rare. For it to be used in California, a judge would have to issue an order as part of a convict's sentence. Only a couple of parolees are currently required to receive the treatment every year, said prisons spokesperson Luis Patino. Prison officials in Montana and Louisiana are aware of only one case in each state in the last decade in which a judge ordered the treatment.
Oklahoma's American Civil Liberties Union chapter is concerned about West's proposal, saying that requiring unwilling offenders to undergo such treatments likely violates the Constitution's 8th Amendment.
"It's hard to imagine this couldn't be considered cruel or unusual," said chapter spokesperson Allie Shinn, who added there's little scientific evidence to suggest such treatments are even effective.
"I don't want to place too much faith in the Oklahoma Legislature to avoid blatantly unconstitutional proposals, but we're hopeful this bill, as written, is just too extreme to move," Shinn said.
While drugs used to diminish an offender's sex drive can be effective, they are mostly successful with offenders who want to change their behavior and take them as prescribed, said Frank Zimring, a law professor at University of California at Berkeley and an expert on sex crimes.
But they said the laws are generally about good politics since sex offenders are an easy target, and not necessarily about sound criminal justice policy.
"Chemical castration is half advertising slogan, half fantasy," Zimring said. "There are chemicals which are supposed to, if dosages are maintained, reduce sex drives. That isn't castration."
The Oklahoma Legislature has over the years entertained various bills involving the castration of sex offenders. In 2002, a measure allowing chemical or surgical castration of sex offenders made it all the way to the desk of Republican Gov. Frank Keating, who promptly vetoed it and derided it as "silly."
———
Online: House Bill 2543: http://bit.ly/2DDJxKB
———
Follow Sean Murphy at https://twitter.com/apseanmurphy
HOUSTON, TX – Daseke, one of the largest providers of open-deck capacity in North America, is preparing to trade on the NASDAQ stock exchange with the support of a merger with Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp.
Hennessy is described as a “blank check” company, and plans to take a minority position in Daseke. Main Street Capital would exit its equity investment in Daseke after being repaid an existing debt investment.
The transaction is still subject to regulatory and stockholder approvals, but those involved in the merger believe it will be completed in the first quarter of this year.
Daseke has a fleet of more than 3,000 tractors and 6,000 flatbed and specialized trailers, providing truckload services, over-dimensional shipments, and full-service logistics.
Those aliens, too, are deceivers. They're not too imposing one-on-one; a few smacks with the wrench you carry is enough to dispatch them. But they're masters of surprise, because they can take on the form of everyday objects scattered around the space station, lying in wait for the right time to strike. At one point during the preview, I picked up a seemingly innocuous item and stored it in my inventory, only to have it start to strangle me. It was my first time playing through the game, and I didn't know what to do, so it killed me quickly. After that, I was a lot more careful about what items I picked up.
Even the game's name, Prey, is a bit deceptive. As Arkane has already admitted, the game has basically no common DNA with the original, outside the name. A sequel to the original Prey was announced all the way back in 2006, shortly after the original game's launch. But it lingered in development hell for years before publisher Bethesda picked it up in 2011.
A few years after that, news broke that the forthcoming game would be essentially a ground-up reboot, with all the previous work on what would have been Prey 2 tossed aside. Somewhat ironically, this might be one of the biggest things 2017's Prey has in common with the original: a long, protracted development cycle. When the original game came out for the Xbox 360 and Windows in 2006, it had been in development for over a decade.
There is, of course, one other big similarity as well. At a high level, the space/sci-fi/alien theme is all in line with the original, although that's a pretty broad template to play with. But Prey may have a lot more in common with Arkane's two Dishonored games than its namesake.
"No matter what kind of game we work on, there are two things we always try to do," said lead designer Ricardo Bare following last week's media preview. "One is we try to make the world as deeply and richly detailed as possible -- we treat the world and a setting as a character." I didn't totally get the sense that the world is a character from the brief demo I tried, but the world is vast and encourages exploration. The game's physics also encourage you to pick up and interact with as many things as you can find.
The second thing Bare cited as Arkane's goal was to "give the player a bunch of interesting tools, powers [and] gadgets and try to encourage them to improvise solutions to problems." That's another design goal that will need more gameplay time to come to fruition, as the first part of the game is fairly linear. But Bare and lead systems designer Seth Shain said the goal is to provide players with as many different ways to progress through the action as possible.
"We try not to ever make it so there's only one way to get into a place," Shain said. Both Shain and Bare explained that the the game's "soft gates" would have multiple solutions depending on your play style, and they would only force players into a "hard gate" where you have to have a certain skill or object to advance as ways to drive the campaign's story forward.
Similarly, encounters with the mimic aliens are entirely unscripted. "It's part of their AI behavior that they know when they go into a room, they're allowed to mimic any physics object that's of a certain size," Bare said. "Even as the developers, we are constantly surprised; we don't know what object is going to be a mimic."
That notion of giving players unusual objects and weapons was definitely on display in the Prey demo. The first weapon I got my hands on was a basic wrench for clobbering things, but then I picked up a gun that shot giant globs that stuck aliens in their tracks. A few wrench hits usually ended the threat. The fact that I went through the entire demo without ever shooting a bullet at a bad guy was unexpectedly refreshing for a first-person shooter.
At one point, you can even get your hands on a Nerf-style toy bolt gun -- and Shain confirmed that it's not only a joke but also something you can use to advance in the game. For example, at one point you'll find that some of the office's former inhabitants made capacitive tips for the darts, so you can shoot them at faraway computer screens to open doors.
It's too early to tell whether this will all add up to a full, compelling experience. But based on the demo, Prey appears to offer a few things that separate it from the average first-person shooter. You may be fighting creepy aliens, but the oddball weaponry and promised improvisational puzzle-solving should help it stand out.
That will hold true even more if Arkane can continue throwing twists at the players like I saw in the game's first hour. "We knew that we wanted to play on people's paranoia and fear, especially thematically with the intro that sets the player up to feel deceived," Shain said. "Then when the mimics make you feel like you can't even trust the environment around you -- that was a core piece of our design from the beginning." The key will be whether or not Prey, which launches for the Xbox One, Windows and PS4 on May 5th, can keep players feeling unbalanced for the entire game.
The 49-year-old coach's target is making the round of 16. There have been signs so far of an attempt to introduce more of a passing style instead of the direct strategy used in the two years under Van Marwijk.
GOALKEEPERS
Four goalkeepers were called up for the recent warm-up games and Pizzi isn't fixed on a starter.
Walled Abdullah and Yasser Al Mosailem appear to be vying for the role. Abdullah is more experienced and is likely to be better able to handle physical challenges, although Mosailem performed well in a 1-1 draw with Ukraine in March.
DEFENDERS
The back four is an experienced unit but with three likely starters over 30 they are susceptible to pace from opponents.
The 34-year-old Omasa Hawsawi and 32-year-old Omar Hawsawi are set to partner in the centre.
MIDFIELDERS
Much depends on Abdullah Otayf, a holding midfielder who has drawn comparisons with Luka Modric of Real Madrid.
If Saudi Arabia can start to play out from the back, the 25-year-old Otayf can make the team tick.
Taisir Al-Jassim, who has made more than 130 international appearances, adds to the solidity in the centre while Al-Shehri provides creativity going forward.
FORWARDS
The team lacks a proven scorer at the top level with Mohammad Al-Sahlawi and Nasser Al-Shamrani both over 30 and not convincing against strong defences.
The wide players are vital. Salem Al Dawsari and Fahad Al Muwallad, the most talented player available, provide much of the threat, although both have been sitting on the sidelines in Spain.
GROUP GAMES
The Saudis will be based in St. Petersburg but will play their opening match against host Russia in Moscow on June 14. That will be followed by a trip to Rostov-on-Don to play Uruguay on June 20 and to Volgograd to take on Egypt on June 25.
___
More AP World Cup coverage:www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
By John Duerden, The Associated Press
Houston Texans general manager Brian Gaine has quite a challenge as they prepare for their first draft with the team.
They enter Thursday looking to upgrade a team that went 4-12 last season and has no picks in the first two rounds. Instead of worrying about the picks Houston doesn't have, Gaine is focused on how they can get the most out of the four picks the Texans own in the third and fourth rounds.
"Although they might not be player 50 or 60, we're still going to get four players in the top 103," Gaine said. "So, we're very positive that we'll be able to get contributing players at any one of those picks in the third and the fourth round."
The Texans don't have a first-round pick for the first time in franchise history. They traded away this year's choice to Cleveland to get quarterback Deshaun Watson with the 12th overall pick in last year's draft. They previously sent their second-round pick in this draft to the Browns as part of the deal to get rid of Brock Osweiler.
Houston's first pick will be No. 68, and it received the 80th pick from Seattle in the trade for left tackle Duane Brown. Houston got the 98th selection in the third round as a compensatory pick for A.J. Bouye signing with the Jaguars last year.
The Texans have one fourth-rounder, three picks in the sixth round and a seventh-round selection this year.
Gaine wouldn't rule out trading up if they really like a player, but it doesn't seem likely.
"If there's a certain player that's falling down on the board that we had a very good grade on, certainly we're always going to talk about that scenario if we have the ammunition and the latitude to go up," they said. "I would tell you, historically, I would much prefer to go down than I ever would to go up, to get more at-bats, to accumulate more good players."
OFFENSIVE LINE NEEDS
Believing they've finally found their franchise quarterback in Watson, the Texans need to upgrade the offensive line to protect him. The unit took a hit last season when Brown, their franchise left tackle, was traded to Seattle, and the Texans allowed the second-most sacks in the league with 54. Houston addressed the situation by signing guards Senio Kelemete and Zach Fulton and tackle Seantrel Henderson in free agency, but could still try to add reinforcements in the draft.
President Rodrigo Duterte will not intervene in the decision of the powerful Commission on Appointments (CA) regarding the fate of their four Cabinet nominees earlier bypassed by the appointments body, Malacañang said on Tuesday.
“He never intervenes,” presidential spokesperson Ernesto Abella told reporters at the sidelines of the “Dutertenomics Forum” in Pasay City.
On Monday, Malacañang said Duterte has reappointed Environment Secretary Regina “Gina” Lopez, Agrarian Reform Secretary Rafael Mariano, Social Welfare Secretary Judy Taguiwalo and Health Secretary Paulyn Jean Rosell-Ubial.
ADVERTISEMENT
READ: Duterte reappoints Gina Lopez, 3 other bypassed secretaries
Despite rejections from the CA, Abella said the bypassed Cabinet officials still enjoyed the President's trust and confidence.
“The President finds them fit for a reappointment,” they said.
Lopez has faced heavy opposition from mining groups after they ordered the closure and suspension of several mining firms.
Taguiwalo and Mariano, known to be left-leaning, became controversial after Duterte suspended the peace talks with the communist rebels.
Ubial, meanwhile, has faced criticisms for their stand on condom distribution.
The CA earlier rejected the ad interim appointment of former Foreign Affairs Secretary Perfecto Yasay Jr. amid questions about their citizenship.
The Senate resumes session on May 2.
The Trump administration is giving insurance companies an extra three weeks to decide whether to offer insurance plans through the Affordable Care Act markets, and how much to charge.
The extension comes as insurance companies wait for President Trump to decide whether they will continue to make payments to insurance companies that are called for under the Affordable Care Act but that some Republicans have opposed.
The payments — known as cost-sharing reduction payments — reimburse insurance companies for discounts on copayments and deductibles that they're required by law to offer to low-income customers. The Congressional Budget Office estimates the payments this year would be about $7 billion.
Trump has said they may end the reimbursements, which they call "bailouts," and has been leaving insurers to wonder month to month about whether they will receive a check.
A White House spokesperson says Trump is "working with their staff and their Cabinet to consider the issues raised by the CSR payments."
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services says it is offering the extra time so insurance companies can plan ahead in case the government decides to end the payments. In a memo Friday, the agency said many states are now requiring companies to file their rates for 2018 on the assumption that they won't be reimbursed.
Several companies say that without the cost-sharing payments, their rates will see double-digit increases. For example, Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina says ending the payments would push its rates up 14.1 percent.
And Marc Harrison, CEO of Intermountain Healthcare, which covers 173,000 people in Idaho and Utah, says premium increases could be "astonishing."
Still, they say, their company will stick with the Obamacare markets. "These are our patients. We're not going anywhere. We're going to keep trying to figure this out."
The HHS memo says "there have been no changes regarding HHS's ability to make cost-sharing reduction payments to insurers."
But it then says the agency intends to change the ACA's risk adjustment program to compensate for the loss of cost-sharing payments.
The changes are technical and complex, but Timothy Jost, professor emeritus at Washington & Lee University's law school, says in a Health Affairs blog that the memo just deepens the confusion.
"We still do not know if all of this is needed or not — the Trump administration has not made up its mind," they say.
The cost-sharing payments have been at the center of a political battle over the Affordable Care Act since before President Trump took office.
House Republicans opposed to the health law sued then-President Barack Obama, saying the payments were illegal because Congress hadn't appropriated money for them. A judge agreed but allowed the administration to continue making the payments during an appeal.
Now that Trump is in the White House, and Republican efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act have failed, many Republicans are urging the president to continue the payments rather than undermine the health care markets.
Campaign says Trump Records Robocall for Strange
by Rashad Snell
The campaign of Sen. Luther Strange says President Donald Trump has recorded robocalls urging Alabama Republicans to vote for Strange in Tuesday's contentious GOP primary.
Strange's campaign says Trump tells voters to “go to the polls and vote for Luther Strange.” Trump says their administration is accomplishing many of their promises “but I need Luther to help us out.”
Strange's campaign announced the calls on Monday.
Strange was appointed in February and is attempting to keep the U.S. Senate seat that previously belonged to Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Strange has been forced into a tight primary battle with a slate of firebrand challengers including former Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore and U.S. Rep. Mo Brooks, a member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus.
The Strange campaign paid to send Trump's recorded message to more than 150,000 GOP households.
Transcript for Sen. Cory Booker on bringing America together, running in 2020
And we are back with senator %-pcory bookerwho had something to say. Just a point, we all got to this country in different ways but we're all in the same boat now. And to try to think we're going to demonize each other so bad, we need each other. There's an old saying, if you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together. If this country is going to go far, we have to find ways to create common ground and stand together. That message that you're saying is refreshing for me, but then you have Hillary Clinton last week in India saying that they won areas that were, quote, forward thinking. Trump won places that were backward thinking on issues like race and racism. I'm from one of those states she's talking about and I just want to know from you, going forward in 2020 do you think this is an appropriate way for Democrats to speak about Republicans? We in this country -- first of all, the election is over and past and I know that Donald Trump and everyone is talking about Obama and secretary Clinton. The reality is we have to in this coming '18 election -- forget 2020 -- focus on right now. We have to begin to see each other for the truth of who we are. This idea of tolerance that we're going to stomach each other, that's a sin of state. Patriotism is love the country. Love says I see your worth, your value. I understand that my definition of worth is the same as yours. While Donald Trump seems to be intent on separating, dividing, demeaning, degrading, I want Republicans and Democrats to start a new national narrative about how we need each other. Not to pushback on you but Hillary makes me feel that way as well. Do you think this messaging is hurting our party right now? Again, secretary Clinton lost the electoral vote. She's not the president of the United States. My focus is on the future and we right now are in a state of crises. We cannot do the things we all agree upon in this country right now, whether it's dreamers or comprehensive background checks. We need to get back to a country that understands that we're not each other's enemies and if we see each other that way we're not going to be able to rise to our greatest aspirations. That's the kind of thing we need right now, to go from a divisive rhetoric to a rhetoric that says we may disagree on a lot of things but let's find a common ground. Let's get to the point though, before we go. Are you a contender in 2020 for president? I am a contender for the 2018 midterms where I'm going to be fighting for every Democrat -- That's a nonanswer. This is the most important mid-term election of our lifetime. I know. I'm focusing energy. For folks looking beyond that.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
In a 9-1 vote, Third Mutual appointed resident Jules Zalon to its board on Tuesday. Zalon will fill a vacancy created with the resignation of Gayan Inayat-Khan. Their term will expire in 2018.
Zalon, a resident for more than one year, has focused their career as an entertainment and environmental lawyer. They said they plan to apply their experience to help improve efficiency in the Village, help the environment and reduce waste.
“The thing I would like to do is make things more efficient,” Zalon said. “Every place I go, I want to put my own ideas in how to make things better.”
In addition to still working as a lawyer, Zalon is active in the community with the Bicycle Club, the Theatre Guild, the Old Pros Club, the Foreign Affairs Club and the Shakespeare Society.
Contact the writer: rasmussen.emily22@gmail.com
Danny Redmond is looking for Hamilton fans to turn up and roar them to a win in their crucial Lanarkshire derby against Motherwell today. Accies sit in 10th place, above the Fir Park side on a goal difference of four ahead of their game at the SuperSeal stadium. The visitors are sure to again have a healthy following and Redmond is hoping Accies fans turn up and match them.
The midfielder said: " Danny Redmond is looking for Hamilton fans to turn up and roar them to a win in their crucial Lanarkshire derby against Motherwell today. Accies sit in 10th place, above the Fir Park side on a goal difference of four ahead of their game at the SuperSeal stadium. The visitors are sure to again have a healthy following and Redmond is hoping Accies fans turn up and match them.The midfielder said: " It is going to be massive. It is one of the biggest derbies I have played in up here. It is going to be a battle but hopefully we can impose our game on them. We need the fans to get behind us as well, that gives us a massive boost. As a player you always want the stadium to be full to create an atmosphere and I think our fans will do that on Saturday. Motherwell always bring quite a lot of fans so it should be a good game hopefully. If the fans are behind us it gives the team a lift and hopefully we can come out on top. We know it is still in our hands, we have got three massive games and obviously we need to pick up as many points as we can. But they are going to be very tough as they are all fighting for points as well ."
Redmond has played in the second tier with Accies but is confident there is enough character in the Hamilton dressing room to avoid the drop this season. They went on: " As a footballer you want to stay at the highest level you can, so obviously staying in the Premiership will mean a whole lot to us, individually and as a club. There is a group of experienced players in our dressing room, we know what it means and none of us want to be in that position to be relegated. We have to go out and prove the doubters wrong. Hopefully we have enough experience to come out on top ."
Motherwell's Louis Moult believes the team that socialises together survives. The Fir Park striker and their team-mates face three crucial games to save their top-flight status, starting today. But despite a wretched run that has seen Well triumph just once in their last eight games, Moult insists manager Stephen Robinson still presides over a united dressing room. And they echoed the sentiments of former Rangers captain Richard Gough, who famously summed up the secret to the Ibrox side's success during the 1990s by saying: " The team which drinks together wins. " Moult, who has reportedly emerged as a target for current Gers manager Pedro Caixinha, said: " We're a very close-knit group. We're probably closer than we were last season if I'm honest. Everyone gets on well and there are groups of boys who do things together away from football, as we do as a team too. I think that's massive for that sense of bonding. We're friends as well as team-mates and that's huge. As hard as the run we've been on has been, it can help foster unity. When someone tells you a few home truths as a friend, you take it in more. You'd probably take offence if you didn't like the other guy telling you want to do. It's evident on a Saturday. You never really see a player effing and blinding at a team-mate at this club and I think that's important. If we win - when we win - on Saturday, we'll all be laughing and smiling together. But we will know we have two more games where we need to do it again and I think that will only bring us even closer. "
By SETH BORENSTEIN AND LAURAN NEERGAARD
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - Two government studies that bombarded rats and mice with cellphone radiation found a weak link to some heart tumors, but federal regulators and some scientists say don't worry - it is safe to use your device. They still do.
Previous studies of cellphone users had found little reason for concern, but the newest research took a closer look at the effects of super-high doses in animals to address some lingering questions that could not be tested on humans.
The rat study released Friday found a small increase in an unusual type of heart tumor in male rats, but there were no significant problems in female rats or in a separate study of mice. In particular, scientists could not find hard evidence for concern about brain tumors.
The lead author of the research, John Bucher of the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences, is not changing their cellphone use or advising their family to.
"I am actually holding my cellphone up to my ear," Dr. Otis Brawley, the American Cancer Society's chief medical officer, said in an interview after reading the studies.
The rodent studies do not reflect real-life cellphone use, they cautioned.
"These draft reports are bound to create a lot of concern, but in fact they won't change what I tell people. The evidence for an association between cellphones and cancer is weak. And so far, we have not seen a higher cancer risk in people. But if you're concerned about this animal data, wear an earpiece."
The findings about the rare nerve-tissue tumor discovered in the hearts of male rats do not translate directly into a concern for humans, Bucher stressed.
Bucher's agency conducted the $25 million study at the behest of the Food and Drug Administration, which quickly said cellphones are safe.
"The current safety limits for cellphones are acceptable for protecting the public health," FDA radiation health chief Dr. Jeffrey Shuren said in a statement .
Bucher said typical cellphone use is "very, very, very much lower than what we studied."
Rats and mice were bombarded for nine hours a day for up to two years with a radiation level so high that humans would only experience it briefly, such as when a phone with a weak signal expends more energy searching for a stronger one, Bucher said at a news conference.
"At best it might be a weak carcinogen. ... if in fact it is a carcinogen," they said.
Confusingly, the radiated rats somehow lived longer than comparison rats that were not exposed to cellphone radiation. Bucher said that could be just chance, or it could be that the radiation reduced inflammation in the rats, which in turn decreased the risk of a rat disease.
The toxicology program released preliminary results two years ago and finalized them Friday. The earlier report showed a hint of increased brain tumors in male rats, but the final results did not bear that out.
The new rat study found what it called "equivocal evidence" for increases in DNA damage, brain tumors and a few other cancers, but it was not clear that it was related to the cellphones.
"Evidence of DNA damage was seen in some tissues of some animals, but we don't feel we have evidence to comment on the biological significance," Bucher said.
Still, it was surprising that the rodents did experience a variety of other effects, even if they were not at high enough levels to be considered significant and possibly linked, said Leeka Kheifets, an epidemiology professor at the University of California, Los Angeles, and a former head of radiation studies for the World Health Organization.
"There is some concern that there is so much activity going on," they said, also speaking from a cellphone. But "it's not like the sky is falling, a huge effect. Definitely not."
The findings failed to reassure longtime critics of cellphone radiation, such as David Carpenter, head of environmental health at the State University of New York in Albany. Carpenter said the studies were not large enough to uncover some rare problems and that the claim of "equivocal" findings about brain tumors "cannot be dismissed."
"It's not anywhere near as dangerous as cigarettes, but is there a real hazard from excessive use? Yes," Carpenter said from a landline.
In 2011, a working group of the International Agency for Research on Cancer said cellphones are possibly carcinogenic. But numerous studies over the years, before and after that listing, have found little evidence of a problem.
Among the largest studies, a 2010 analysis in 13 countries found little or no risk of brain tumors, with a possible link in the heaviest users that the study's authors found inconclusive. And a large Danish study that linked phone bills to a cancer registry found no risk even from more than 13 years of cellphone use, according to the latest update in 2007.
In December, the state of California put out a guide on how people could reduce exposure to radiofrequency from cellphones if they're worried, such as using earphones or texting instead.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
“As schoolkids we were little rascals,” said Ali, a Kurdish fighter whom we met in Ainissa, just east of Manbij. “Our teacher would often yell at us and say, ‘If you kids continue being such troublemakers, the end of the world will start here in Manbij.' If I now look at the situation Manbij is in, I often think back on my teacher's words.”
Officially the Americans and the Turks are NATO allies, but not in Dadat, where the mortars in the garden of the American compound were pointed in the direction of Turkey's army.
This front is not active; the forces rarely exchange fire. But the American soldiers work with Kurdish forces who have squared off elsewhere in Syria against not only a NATO ally but also Syrian rebels who were for years armed and financed by the United States. Those rebels are now working with Turkey.
The situation inside the city, and for civilians, is equally complex. Since the start of the conflict, Manbij's residents have been ruled at one time or another by almost all sides. Syrian government forces were here until mid-2012, when rebels of the Free Syrian Army replaced them, until early 2014. ISIS then took over and ruled until mid-2016, when the S.D.F. took back the city.
A majority of Manbij's inhabitants are Syrian Arabs. Being occupied by the Kurdish-led S.D.F. does not sit well with many of them. The S.D.F. is secular, left-leaning and vocal about women's rights. Its ranks include female fighters who don't wear veils and shake hands with men. Some of these women command male troops. The Arab population of Manbij is deeply conservative. Most women who leave the house do so with covered faces. Some Arab residents in Manbij would prefer the city to be taken over by the Turkish Army and Syrian rebels allied with them. Others see risks in allying with Turkey, and say they want the Syrian government to retake Manbij.
“If Turkey replaces the Kurds, there is no way of knowing if they ever will leave again,” said one resident, who asked not to be named. “So it is better to get Assad back. Assad is an Arab. Kurds and Turks aren't.”
Men aged 19 and 18 have been arrested after a report of two rapes in a Sunderland park on Bank Holiday Monday.
Northumbria Police has said at around 9.40pm, the force received a report of a disturbance at Mowbray Park.
Specialist officers are supporting two women after they said they had been attacked within Mowbray Park.
Officers attended the scene and spoke to two women in their 20s who had been socialising with a group of men before entering the park with them.
The women, who are being supported by specially-trained officers, reported they had been raped in separate locations inside the park.
The men, aged 18 and 19, have been arrested in connection with the incidents.
They have since been released under investigation pending further inquiries.
Police say they are now keen to hear from anybody who was in the park between 9pm and 10pm or saw anything suspicious in the area during these times.
Superintendent Steve Heatley said: “Our inquiries into these incidents are in the early stages but so far two men have been arrested on suspicion of rape.
“While we appreciate there are concerns in the community, I want to reassure the public that we will carry out a full and thorough investigation.
"We would request anyone with information, no matter how insignificant it may seem, to come forward.
“Extra officers will be in the area to both carry out inquiries and offer reassurance to the community.
"If you have any concerns I would ask you to speak to an officer.”
Anyone with information should contact Northumbria Police on 101 quoting reference 1136 280518 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
If you're planning to visit Knott's Soak City water park in Buena Park, you have some options. You can carry your things or rent a locker and you can look for an open lounge chair or bench.
Or you might want to rent a cabana.
There are three different locations in the park with cabanas: Shore Break, with a view of the Shore Break and The Wedge attractions; Malibu, near the Malibu Run and Old Man Falls attractions; and Wavepool, overlooking Tidal Wave Bay. Each cabana has a tented private area and an outer patio area and comes with an umbrella, a table and four chairs, four lounge chairs, four inner tube rentals and waiter service.
Bethany Elliott relaxes with a book inside a cabana at Knotts Soak City in Buena Park. (Photo courtesy of David Elliott).
The Crismon family usually dines at the Longboard's Grill at Knott's Soak City in Buena Park. They liked that they could have food delivered to their cabana and that their server made sure that there was always a pitcher of cold water available. (Photo courtesy of David Crismon).
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Four-year-old Poppy Walsh hangs out in a shaded cabana at Knott's Soak City in Buena Park on Sunday, May 13, 2018. (Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Four-year-old Poppy Walsh hangs out in a shaded cabana at Knott's Soak City in Buena Park on Sunday, May 13, 2018. (Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Sisters Georgia Harper and Poppy Walsh take a walk together at Knott's Soak City in Buena Park. (Photo courtesy of Melanie Walsh)
They aren't cheap and must be reserved in advance of your visit. Rental fees vary from $170-$245 depending on the date and are good for up to eight guests, plus include all the amenities mentioned. You may add up two additional guests for $15 each. Soak City admission is not included.
But for some, it's all worth it.
Retiree David Crismon of Wildomar and their wife Cathi Crismon enjoy bringing their grandchildren, Cody Mobley, 15, and Kennedy Mobley, 12, to Soak City. This year they decided to rent a cabana.
“We wanted the privacy and security of having our own space, especially while the grandkids were off riding their favorite water slides,” David Crismon said. “The cabana gave us the shaded comfort and privacy we desired. … Most importantly, the cabana gave the grandkids a great home base while having a great day at Soak City.”
The family also liked that they could have food delivered to their cabana and that their server made sure that a pitcher of cold water was always available.
Anaheim blogger Melanie Walsh was treated to a cabana on Mother's Day by their husband Matt Walsh and their three daughters, Georgia, 10, Harper, 8, and Poppy, 4. It gave them the opportunity to spend the day with their family, as well as feel special with a private retreat and its amenities.
Related: Knott's Soak City water park is ready for your summer splashing
“There are lots of spaces throughout the park to relax in the shade, but I was happy I could get my kids completely out of the sun for periods of time,” Walsh said. “With the four lounge chairs in the cabana, we were able to rest, too. That was huge. Our 8 and 10-year-olds have so much energy and can go all day, but my husband and I appreciated the chance to gear back up for more fun. Poppy won't admit that they needed time to rest too, but they totally did.”
Walsh said that having the cabana meant they didn't have to lug all their family's things around the park during their stay and offered a good place for everyone to meet up in between having fun. There was only one thing that disappointed them
“We were talking about how fun it would be to have parties at Soak City and bring even more people. The cabanas can hold a lot of people, but we'd love to bring the extended family. We'd definitely need more than one cabana to be able to do that,” Walsh said.
Library assistant David Elliott of La Mirada visits Soak City with their daughter Bethany Elliott, 12. Even though there is just the two of them, they feel that renting a cabana is well worth the money, as they can relax instead of running back and forth to the lockers every time they need anything or spend time waiting in line for food.
“Just the ability to have that peace of mind and somewhere to be served was amazing,” Elliott said. “I honestly cannot recommend getting a cabana at Soak City enough, even if you are going with family friends and are going to split the cost with another family.”
KNOTT'S SOAK CITY
When: Open 10 a.m. select days through Sept. 9.
Where: 8039 Beach Blvd., Buena Park.
Tickets: $50 adults and $40 seniors and children 12 and under. Cabana rental fees vary from $170-$245 depending on the date and are good for up to eight guests, plus include all the amenities mentioned. You may add up two additional guests for $15 each. Soak City admission is not included.
Information: 714-220-5200, www.knotts.com/play/soak-city.
I have researched Xinjiang for three decades. Ethnic tensions have been common during all those years, and soon after Sept. 11, Chinese authorities started invoking the specter of “the three evil forces of separatism, extremism and terrorism” as a pretense to crack down on Uighurs. But state repression in Xinjiang has never been as severe as it has become since early 2017, when Chen Quanguo, the C.C.P.'s new leader in the region, began an intensive securitization program.
Mr. Chen has brought to Xinjiang the grid system of checkpoints, police stations, armored vehicles and constant patrols that they perfected while in their previous post in Tibet. The C.C.P. credits them with having quieted there a restive ethnic group unhappy with its rule. In their first year governing Xinjiang, Mr. Chen has already recruited tens of thousands of new security personnel.
They have also deployed high-tech tools to create a better police state. Uighurs' DNA is collected during state-run medical checkups. Local authorities install a GPS tracking system in vehicles. All communication software is banned except WeChat, which grants the police access to users' calls, texts and other shared content. When Uighurs buy a kitchen knife, their ID data is etched on the blade.
Some Uighurs report getting a knock on their door from security agents soon after receiving a call from overseas. Last autumn, one Uighur told me that following several such intimidating visits over the summer, their elderly parents had texted him, “The phone screen is bad for our old eyes, so we're not using it anymore.” They had not heard from them since.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Xinjiang authorities have recently enforced a spate of regulations, including some that confound common sense, against Uighur customs. A law now bans face coverings but also “abnormal” beards. A Uighur village party chief was demoted for not smoking, on the grounds that this failing displayed an insufficient “commitment to secularization.” Officials in Kashgar, a city in southwest Xinjiang, recently jailed several prominent Uighur business people for not praying enough at a funeral — a sign of “extremism,” they claimed.
Any such violation, or simply being a Uighur artist or wealthy business person, can lead to indefinite detention in what the government euphemistically calls “political training centers” — a revival of punitive Maoist re-education camps — secured by high walls, razor wire, floodlights and guard towers. A revered Uighur Islamic scholar is said to have died in one of those centers last week.
Adrian Zenz, a researcher at the European School of Culture and Theology, estimates that 5 percent of the Uighur population across Xinjiang has been or is currently detained — more than 500,000 people. Local orphanages overflow with the children of detainees; some children reportedly are sent to facilities in the eastern parts of China.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Why are so many Uighurs subjected to these harsh policies? A Chinese official in Kashgar explained: “You can't uproot all the weeds hidden among the crops in the field one by one — you need to spray chemicals to kill them all.” The C.C.P., once quite liberal in its approach to diversity, seems to be redefining Chinese identity in the image of the majority Han — its version, perhaps, of the nativism sweeping other parts of the world. With ethnic difference itself now defined as a threat to the Chinese state, local leaders like Mr. Chen feel empowered to target Uighurs and their culture wholesale.
Some people in the Chinese bureaucracy and Chinese academic circles disagree with this approach. They worry that locking down an entire province and persecuting an entire ethnic group will cause deep resentment among Uighurs. Or they note that Mr. Chen's policies are so burdensome that they will be difficult to sustain: Han Chinese residents of Xinjiang also complain about the inconvenience and cost of living in such a police state.
Then there are the international repercussions. Nothing shreds soft power abroad like coils of razor wire at home.
There's an old Chinese joke about Uighurs being the Silk Road's consummate entrepreneurs: When the first Chinese astronaut steps off their spaceship onto the moon, they will find a Uighur already there selling lamb kebabs. And so even as Mr. Chen cracks down in Xinjiang, the Chinese government touts the region as the gateway for its “One Belt, One Road” initiative, a new Silk Road through Central Asia and the Middle East. The grand idea combines a plan to spend billions of dollars in development loans and transport investment with a strategic bid to establish China's diplomatic primacy in Asia.
But how does the C.C.P. think that directives banning fasting during Ramadan in Xinjiang, requiring Uighur shops to sell alcohol and prohibiting Muslim parents from giving their children Islamic names will go over with governments and peoples from Pakistan to Turkey?
Tibetans know well this hard face of China. Hong Kongers must wonder: If Uighur culture is criminalized and Xinjiang's supposed autonomy is a sham, what will happen to their own vibrant Cantonese culture and their city's shaky “one country, two systems” arrangement with Beijing? What might Taiwan's reunification with a securitized mainland look like? Will the big-data police state engulf the rest of China? The rest of the world?
As China's profile grows on the international stage, everyone would do well to ask whether what happens in Xinjiang will stay in Xinjiang.
MOSCOW (AP) — The Tass news agency says that Russian President Vladimir Putin has arrived at a Russian military air base in Syria.
Tass said that Putin's plane landed at the Hemeimeem air base in Syria's coastal province of Latakia, the heartland of Syrian President Bashar Assad's Alawite minority. The visit marks Putin's first trip to Syria and comes as Assad's forces have retaken control over most of Syria under the Russian air cover.
The air base has served as the main foothold for the air campaign Russia has waged since September 2015 in support of Assad.
Getty Image
After 16 years and what should be a Hall of Fame career, Baltimore Ravens wide receiver Steve Smith announced their retirement Sunday. The official decision comes one year after they intended to retire, because they didn't want to hang up their cleats following a season-ending Achilles injury in 2015.
They were met on the field after the Ravens lost to the Bengals 20-10 in Cincinnati and was clearly fighting back emotion just seconds after their final game.
A police force investigated paedophile allegations against Sir Edward Heath made by the relatives of at least one dead person.
A report published on Thursday by Wiltshire police following a two-year inquiry costing £1.5 million is expected to include at least one claim effectively made from beyond the grave.
Critics of the Wiltshire Police investigation said it was ‘questionable' that resources had been spent investigating claims of abuse of a dead person by a man who themselves died more than a decade ago.
View photos Heath aboard their yacht Morning Cloud Credit: James Jackson/ Getty Creative More
The ‘closed summary' report is expected to contain more than 40 allegations of abuse against the former prime minister, who is unable to defend their name.
But about a quarter are understood to have been made by ‘third parties' - complainants who had not been abused themselves. The Telegraph is aware of at least one case where a complaint was lodged on behalf of a dead person.
Police interviewed the widow of Stephen Maloney, who was a victim of sexual abuse during time spent in a notorious children's home in south London, over claims Heath had also assaulted them on their yacht the Morning Cloud.
Kim Maloney has also claimed their husband was abused by Jimmy Savile, the disgraced television presenter and one of Britain's most prolific paedohpiles.
Mrs Maloney has posted on Twitter of helping Wiltshire's Operation Conifer with its inquiries. In December, Mrs Maloney posted in response to a query from a friend over whether they had been in contact with Operation Conifer: “Been speaking to them for long time.”
They have repeatedly tweeted the claims that Heath abused their husband such as: “My hubby went on so-called sailing holidays to jersey... Lots abused.”
On January 25 last year, they tweeted claims they had also been abused by Savile. They posted: “My hubby abused by savile heath and others still no justice.”
At their home in Cardiff, Miss Maloney said: “He [Stephen] told me about the abuse about five years ago when we got together.
“He passed away four years ago and I felt it was my duty to go to the police. It all happened when Edward Heath took them on sailing holidays to Jersey.”
View photos Heath's Salisbury home Arundells Credit: Eddie Mulholland More
Mrs Maloney handed to detectives a box of files, which included the Heath allegations. Mrs Maloney added: “I think it will be mentioned in the report from Wiltshire police tomorrow.”
Mr Maloney, who died aged 55 in 2014, was abused during stints in the notorious Shirley Oaks children's home in south east London. The Shirley Oaks Survivors Association confirmed Mr Maloney had been a victim during their time in the home in 1969 and in 1971. Raymond Stevenson, spokesperson for the group, said: “We have spoken to Wiltshire police about related matters.”
Peter Batey, a trustee of the Sir Edward Heath Foundation, said: “It is troubling that the police have been investigating claims from one dead person about another dead person.
“It is questionable whether this is a good use of public money.”
Mr Batey, who was Heath's private secretary between 1982 and 1986, added: “The allegations are ludicrous. But the details of times and dates have been with held from us. It is a Kafka-esque situation of not knowing what exactly they are being accused of and when.”
View photos Chief Constable Mike Veale More
Operation Conifer was launched in August 2015 with a public appeal for ‘victims' to come forward made out side Heath's Salisbury home, Arundells.
The report - as previously disclosed by The Telegraph - will stop far short of concluding they were a paedophile but say that some of the allegations cannot be disproved and would have merited interviewing Heath.
Mike Veale, Wiltshire's chief constable, has urged the media not to speculate on the contents of the report ahead of its publication although details have been widely leaked.
Mr Veale has insisted the inquiry is proportionate.
McGrath: Davy went a step too far 17 April 2017
Wexford manager Davy Fitzgerald and Tipperary manager Michael Ryan shake hands.
©INPHO/Ryan Byrne. Wexford manager Davy Fitzgerald and Tipperary manager Michael Ryan shake hands.©INPHO/Ryan Byrne.
Ken McGrath believes Davy Fitzgerald will regret their actions during yesterday's Allianz Hurling League semi-final.
The Wexford manager ran onto the pitch to get involved in a heated exchange with Tipperary's Jason Forde moments after Noel McGrath scored a contentious goal. Referee Diarmuid Kirwan took no action at the time, but Fitzgerald could be facing a retrospective ban.
Speaking on RTE's League Sunday, McGrath - who served as a selector under Fitzgerald when they were Waterford manager - stated: "We all know he's an unbelievably passionate man. They were probably aggrieved, it was a free at an important stage of the game.
"He overstepped the mark being out on the pitch.
"Thankfully the players had common sense and it didn't escalate. I'm sure sitting at home they probably regret what they did, but that's Davy. They wear their heart on their sleeve.
"I think the Wexford players got a lift from it, but it's not what you want to see."
The building, which has not been used for several years, is scheduled to reopen as a visitors center next year. The proposal under consideration would move them to a city park, Veterans Park, according to The Lexington Herald-Leader.
Mr. Gray said the next step was to ask the Lexington-Fayette Urban County Council to support a petition to the Kentucky Military Heritage Commission, which they said was a required step in the process. “Details to come,” they said.
Efforts to remove Confederate symbols, most notably statues and the flag, from public parks and buildings intensified in 2015 after a white supremacist, Dylann Roof, killed nine black worshipers at a church in Charleston, S.C.
Photo
But as officials and residents in states such as Louisiana, South Carolina and Virginia have found in recent years, removing symbols of the Confederacy can be easier said than done.
Opponents of Confederate symbols see them as celebrations of racism and slavery, but their defenders say they are historically important and accuse critics of erasing the past or attacking white or Southern heritage.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The debates have become heated. The violence that erupted in Charlottesville on Saturday began as a protest by white nationalists, neo-Nazis and Ku Klux Klan members over the proposed removal of a statue of the Confederate general Robert E. Lee in Emancipation Park, formerly Lee Park.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
It was one of the largest public rallies of white nationalist groups in years and the one of the bloodiest confrontations yet over the future of a Confederate monument. But the removal of Confederate symbols has raised the specter of violence before.
When workers began to take down four monuments to the Confederacy in New Orleans in April, they wore flak jackets and helmets to protect against possible attacks and wrapped scarves around their faces to conceal their identities. The removal of the monuments, which included a 15,000-pound obelisk, happened under police guard.
It was an act of mass murder that sparked the removal of the Confederate battle flag from its place of honor in front of the South Carolina statehouse. A yearslong campaign to bring the flag down only reached its goal after the massacre at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church spurred Gov. Nikki R. Haley and a critical mass of legislators to support its removal.
During the 2016 campaign, the flags came to mean something else for some people: a symbol of support for the candidacy of President Trump and a rebuke of sorts to the liberal forces, like political correctness, that they railed against while campaigning.
Confederate battle flags and other symbols of the Old South appeared at Trump rallies held in former Confederate states like Florida and Virginia but also in places far above the Mason-Dixon line, including Colorado, Michigan and Oregon.
When Mr. Trump announced their candidacy in 2015, they said that they supported Ms. Haley's call for the Confederate flag to be removed from the grounds of the South Carolina statehouse.
“I think they should put it in the museum, let it go, respect whatever it is that you have to respect, because it was a point in time, and put it in a museum,” Mr. Trump told reporters at the time.
(WJHL) – The Pledge of Allegiance is an expression of patriotism and commitment to our country. The Bachman Bernard Family is proud to present the Daily Pledge from our local schools.
Click on the following link to see students from various local schools recite the pledge:
The ring of three bells signaled the start of a 20 minute meditation.
Students who attended the MindfulWake meditation session led by Chaplain Tim Auman on Monday, Sept. 25 sat throughout the quiet room, on mats on the floor or in chairs. Before beginning, Chaplain Auman briefly discussed with the group the goals of this meeting and the importance of mindfulness in daily practices as a combatant to everyday stresses which can cause irritability, anxiety, sleeping issues and eating problems.
It's a common misconception that to meditate is to think about nothing at all. Instead, MindfulWake's sessions encourage students to focus on their breathing and purposeful thinking when distractions vie for their attention.
“It was really relaxing and nice to take an hour out of the day and not think about classes or emails or your phone,” said senior Chris Caswell.
The Chaplain's Office and THRIVE have launched the MindfulWake program, a new initiative which will allow students, staff and faculty to take a more active role in their health and mental wellbeing.
“Mindfulness is the ancient practice of cultivating nonjudgmental awareness in day-to-day life,” Auman said. “We believe that being fully awake in each moment leads to peace and well-being.”
The program is developed in response to a perceived increasing prevalence of stress in the daily lives of students, staff and faculty, and offers several meditation and mindfulness classes throughout the week, ranging in focus and duration.
Each week meditation is offered on Mondays from 4:30-5:30 p.m. and Wednesdays from 12-12:30 p.m. at the Wellbeing Center in Reynolds Gym.
MindfulWake also offers mindfulness-based stress reduction trial classes with a different theme each week. “Awareness of Eating” will be offered on Oct. 5 from 3:00-4:00 pm in the Wellbeing Center of Reynolds Gym.
“I thought it was going to be something different than it actually was,” said Eva Little, a Wake Forest graduate student. “This class is a very introductory, beginner class. [Auman] is very good about putting you through the very basic concepts of meditation and not restricting too much what you are allowed to do or think about during the session. If there is a weak spot in the program, it is that they could explain about what the restrictions are within your practice; there's a certain way to do things, and a lot of time I found myself doing things just because I thought that's what I was supposed to be doing in a meditation class.”
It's late May and it feels like late July. Just how long is this run of 90+ degree days supposed to last? Are we just in it until the fall? Diane Deaton has a look at your heat as you walk out into the oven on Wednesday. Click here for more
Plus, Liz Koh is live with a look at a brand new Salvation Army store set to open in Baton Rouge. Click here for more
And, the LSU baseball team leaves for its regional tournament. Can the guys keep the momentum going? Click here for more
WEATHER:
It's a noticeably warmer out-the-door morning. Ordinarily, for this time of year, we "should" be starting out in the upper 60°s. However, Wednesday morning, add about 10° to that number. Our forecast changes very little from Tuesday. Expect mostly sunny skies, with only a spotty/perhaps a few isolated showers on FIRST ALERT Doppler radar and our daytime high will top out at 93°. Overnight, we will see mostly clear skies and it will be steamy, with a low of only 74°. Thursday, it's the last day of May but certainly not the last day of this string of hot spring weather. It will be partly cloudy and hot. A high of 94° is expected.
TRAFFIC:
LOCAL NEWS:
NATIONAL NEWS:
SPORTS:
ENTERTAINMENT:
WAFB.com is your home for all things WAFB, news, weather, sports, traffic, investigative reports, and much more. Whether you're just starting your day or tracking a tropical system, WAFB.com has all the information you need.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
DETROIT (AP) — Mike Matheson scored their first goal of the season and the Florida Panthers won in overtime for the first time this season, taking a 2-1 decision from the Detroit Red Wings on Monday night.
Matheson drove the rebound of a Nick Bjugstad shot into the net behind Detroit goalie Jimmy Howard at the 2:02 mark of the overtime period for the winner. Florida improved to 1-2 in OT, rallying from a 1-0 third-period deficit for the victory.
Vincent Trocheck also scored for the Panthers, while Henrik Zetterberg scored for the Wings, who are 0-5 in overtime.
Ending a 22-game goal drought, Zetterberg opened the scoring at the 18:27 mark of the first period. Panthers defenseman Matheson blocked Zetterberg's original shot, but the Detroit captain picked up the rebound and snapped a low shot through the pads of Florida goalie James Reimer.
The Panthers tied the score during a third-period power play at the 10:11 mark. Florida center Jonathan Huberdeau went down after being cross-checked by Red Wings defenseman Niklas Kronwall, but as they lay on the ice, Huberdeau slipped a pass back across the front of the net to Trocheck, whose quick shot banked into the Detroit net off the outstretched glove of Wings goalie Jimmy Howard.
NOTES: Panthers C Aleksandr Barkov, who leads the team with eight multi-point games, returned to the lineup after missing Saturday's 7-3 loss to the Colorado Avalanche with an upper-body injury. ... Red Wings D/RW Luke Witkowski saw their first action since the conclusion of their 10-game NHL suspension for returning to the ice to rejoin a fight Nov. 9 against the Calgary Flames, and fought twice with Panthers C Micheal Haley, who leads the NHL with nine fighting majors.
UP NEXT
Panthers: In Chicago Tuesday to face the Blackhawks in the second game of their five-game road trip.
Red Wings: Play the fourth game of a five-game homestand Wednesday against the Boston Bruins.
___
More AP NHL: www.apnews.com/tags/NHLhockey
MONTREAL — Before they could take the ice at Bell Centre for what they are certain will be the final time, Francois Beauchemin had plenty of moments to think back to the first time.
Most of the cherished memories in a career full of them have come in three tours with the Ducks. But this one, though, came as a member of the Montreal Canadiens. The hallowed Canadiens, with banners of legendary names and their retired numbers won crowding the rafters. The many Stanley Cups won.
This was their team while growing up, like it is for generations of those within and around La Belle Ville – “The Beautiful City.” Les Habitants are Quebec's team. And on Feb. 27, 2003, Beauchemin was a French-Canadian wearing the famed “CH” logo like the many legends once did.
“That day started where I was in Hamilton, Ontario playing for the Bulldogs,” Beauchemin said, talking about their American Hockey League team. “I got a call at 9 a.m. and they were saying two defensemen were sick so I had to drive to Toronto, get on a plane and fly to Montreal.
“And I got here around 1 in the afternoon. Got a quick bite to eat. Went to the hotel. I'm usually taking a nap but that day I couldn't. Obviously I was too excited about the moment. I got to Bell Centre and we played Minny that night. And then I got sent back down the next morning.”
The Canadiens wore white at home back then instead of their red-and-blue combo. Beauchemin got their chance as an emergency recall because Patrick Traverse and Francois Bouillon were too ill to play. They remembered the 17-plus minutes they played and the hit they put a hit on Minnesota's Marian Gaborik.
Their team lost, 6-3. But that's of no consequence nearly 15 years later. Now committed to retirement after one final season spent with the Ducks, Beauchemin took time to appreciate coming full circle.
“Every guy remembers their first one and for me, that's how it happened,” they said. “It made it really special to be called up the morning of the game. I'm calling my parents and my friends, telling them I'm playing tonight for the Canadiens. If you guys can come to the game, let's make it happen. If not, you guys can always watch on TV.”
It was their only game with them. Unable to ever crack their roster, Beauchemin was put on waivers and claimed by Columbus. After spending the 2004-05 back in the AHL due to the NHL lockout, the physical defenseman made the Blue Jackets to open 2005-06 before the Ducks acquired him.
In a deal that was more about getting out from under Sergei Fedorov's huge contract, Beauchemin became a minutes-eating ideal partner for Scott Niedermayer and allowed the Ducks' captain to display their do-it-all wizardry to lead the Ducks to their lone Stanley Cup.
Beauchemin freely says playing with Niedermayer made their career. “He made me a way better player,” they admit, without hesitation. But they had something to offer and current Ducks GM Bob Murray insisted that their former boss, Brian Burke, have Columbus include a 25-year-old longtime prospect in that deal.
He's going to fall short of the watershed number of 1,000 NHL games but they never thought he'd get anywhere near that number.
“No chance,” Beauchemin said. “There's no way. Especially after spending five years in the American League. … I got really fortunate to have some people watching me play in the minors and see that I have some potential to maybe becoming an NHL player.”
Thirteen hard-earned years in, Beauchemin could sit back and savor their last game in Montreal before they head off to tending the family's 2,700-acre farm up to the north in Sorel. There was a big Friday night dinner with relatives and then all the extra tickets they were happy to secure.
And the memories. They called the Canadiens' drafting of them “the best day of my life.” Chris Chelios, the tough-as-nails Hall of Fame defender was their guy growing up. Beauchemin did well in their own right and Ducks coach Randy Carlyle fed into their emotions by putting them in the starting lineup Saturday.
“I'm sure it was,” Carlyle said. “He's been around a long time. He's on a one-year contract. Those are the things that I'm sure are going through their mind. This might be the last time they get to play in this building so we thought it was appropriate to start him.
“Those are lasting memories for them and their family.”
ICE CHIPS
Corey Perry's power-play goal in the second period was the 100th of their career. Only Teemu Selanne and Paul Kariya have more in Ducks history. … Cam Fowler had two assists to give them five points in their last three games … Reto Berra stopped 20 of 22 shots in relief of Ryan Miller, who was pulled from a start for the first time due to performance. Miller had to leave a Nov. 9 game against Vancouver due to injury.
Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez on Tuesday said an allegedly anomalous P3.2-billion rental deal for a “ghost” property between state-owned Philippine Games and Amusement Corp. (Pagcor) and a private developer made it imperative to make plunder punishable by death.
“In response to the inquiry on what legislation should we propose, now, Mr. Chairman, with more reason that I will pursue that the offense of plunder be included in the death penalty,” Alvarez said midway through their aggressive questioning of the officials and business people involved in the deal.
Alvarez and House Majority Leader Rodolfo Fariñas took turns grilling the former Pagcor chair, Cristino Naguiat Jr., and executives of Vanderwood Management Corp., which in 2015 leased a 6,500-square-meter property to Pagcor for 15 years in a “build-to-suit” arrangement.
ADVERTISEMENT
At certain points during the inquiry held by the House committee on good government, Alvarez told the resource persons they would be “put in jail” unless they told the truth.
Naguiat, along with 10 other Pagcor officials and Vanderwood owner Manuel Sy, is facing a plunder complaint filed by the Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption in the Department of Justice on the strength of a Commission on Audit (COA) report, which found the deal “highly irregular and anomalous.”
The property in the lease contract is owned by the Manila government and is located within the Museo ng Maynila complex, formerly known as the Army Navy Club, a historic landmark at the edge of Manila Bay next to the US Embassy compound.
The city government leased the property to Oceanville Hotel and Spa Corp. in January 2014 for P300,000 a month. On the other hand, Oceanville subleased the property to Vanderwood for the same amount.
Under the deal, Pagcor agreed to pay Vanderwood P13 million a month for the lease of the building that Vanderwood was supposed to construct under the specifications set by the gaming agency.
In December 2015, an initial P234 million was paid by Pagcor to Vanderwood to represent six months advance and six months security deposit. Sy told the House panel that the facility was “90 percent complete” at present.
Alvarez wondered why Pagcor allowed such a deal when the property had not even been built yet.
“P13 million a month? You are basically renting air—the facility is not yet existing. You paid P13 million a month, you made government pay P13 million a month for a facility that is being rented only for P300,000 a month from the government also? Aren't you creeped out by this?” they told Naguiat.
Naguiat explained the property “will be built within our specs.”
“They will convert the Army Navy Club into a five-star hotel,” they said. Sy said some of the specifications required by Pagcor included “chilled water, raised floors, CCTV, carpets and wallpapers.”
“We did this because the contract with Manila Pavilion was about to expire, which we were paying for P28 million a month as against P13 million a month” in the Vanderwood deal, Naguiat said. “We were looking at a cheaper rate.”
NEW YORK (AP) — The latest on developments in financial markets (All times local):
9:35 a.m.
Stocks are opening solidly higher on Wall Street after a number of big U.S. companies reported strong quarterly earnings.
Boeing jumped 6 percent in early trading Wednesday. The aerospace giant has been the biggest gainer in the Dow Jones industrial average over the past year.
Xerox rose 10.5 percent after reporting a strong quarter of its own. Chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices rose 4.7 percent and Electronic Arts rose 8.6 percent.
The early gains recovered some of the ground the market lost a day earlier, when it had its biggest drop since August.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 15 points, or 0.6 percent, to 2,837.
The Dow rose 238 points, or 0.9 percent, to 26,318. The Nasdaq climbed 48 points, or 0.7 percent, to 7,451.
Aside from being colleagues in the legal profession, Solicitor General Jose C. Calida and the lawyers of Janet Lim Napoles have one other important thing in common: They are supporters of President Rodrigo Duterte.
In fact, just two weeks after they were sworn in as the country's chief executive, Duterte appointed one of them, Lanee Cui-David, as a deputy commissioner at the Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR).
In 2003, Cui-David and husband Stephen founded the David, Cui-David, Buenaventura and Ang Offices, the law firm that Napoles hired in 2014 to defend them in their pork barrel cases at the Sandiganbayan, as well as in their tax evasion cases at the Court of Tax Appeals.
ADVERTISEMENT
Graduates of the San Beda College of Law, Duterte's alma mater, the Davids are the chief legal counsels of Napoles and their children Jo Christine and James Christopher, who are also respondents in the Sandiganbayan cases.
Cui-David has said that they will pull out of the Napoles tax cases, on account of their appointment at the BIR, but that their husband would continue to represent Napoles in the Sandiganbayan cases.
Bruce V. Rivera, another Napoles lawyer in the illegal detention case, is also a known Duterte supporter. A graduate of the San Beda law school as well, Rivera is among the President's staunchest defenders online. Until early 2016, Rivera was a faculty member and Prefect of Student Affairs at the San Beda Alabang College of Law.
In March 2016, Rivera explained on their Facebook page and in news media reports why they decided to support Duterte: “Digong is not a traditional politician. They do not know how to hide anger, feign malice and throw mud in the dark. This should not be our game. We are novices in character assassination while our opponents have mastered the art of deceit and [have] money to hire the brightest legal minds to make strategic plans of attack… Believe me, they will run out of mud but Duterte will still have so much good stuff to offer.”
According to Rivera, a Cebuano, “if we take out the factor of money, protection of status quo, personal interests, filial piety and regionalistic bias, they are the best person for the job.”
Rivera defends Duterte with gusto, and they heap curses at Duterte critics and bashers with even more gusto.
In November 2016, netizens who called Duterte a “pasang awa” lawyer or one who barely made the grade, got this rebuke from Rivera: “Kaya nakakainis sa mga hinayupak na magsabing pasang-awa lawyer si PRRD. Lalong lalo na kung di ka lawyer, p****g-i**, maging abogado ka muna. Tignan natin kung makakapagsabi ka ba ng bopols.” (That's why the idiots who say PRRD is a lawyer who barely passed are infuriating. Especially if you're not a lawyer, son of a b****, become a lawyer first. Then let's see if you can still say they are a nitwit.)“
Duterte has admitted they got barely passing grades in school but, Rivera wrote, law students know this was difficult enough to achieve.
“Naalala niyo ung nagsabi na abogadong pulpol ako (Remember the one who said I was a weak lawyer),” Rivera said. “Hindi na nahiya sa educational attainment. The bottom line is at hindi sa pagmamayabang, a Bedan lawyer is a Bedan lawyer. Pedigree ‘yan. (That person wasn't even ashamed of his/her educational attainment. The bottom line is, and this is not being boastful, a Bedan lawyer is a Bedan lawyer. That's pedigree.)“
Calida, meanwhile, is a product of Ateneo de Davao and the Ateneo de Manila Law School. But they are a close friend of Duterte, for whom they acted as a presidential campaign manager in the last elections. Last May, they even posted on their Facebook page a fawning profile of their candidate titled “Mayor Rodrigo Roa Duterte: A Profile of Courage and Compassion,” addressing it to ALDuB or Alyansang Duterte-BongBong.
Born in Nuevo Iloco, Davao (now Mawab, Compostela Valley), Calida, like Duterte, has come a long way from their provincial roots. Indeed, their connections and circumstances make for a multi-colored mosaic.
For instance: They co-led the charter change campaign under President Fidel V. Ramos, as well as served as a member of the prosecution team during the Senate impeachment trial of President Joseph Estrada. They were also an undersecretary of justice under Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo, and at some point the executive director of the Dangerous Drugs Board.
A member of the Jesus is Lord Movement of defeated presidential candidate Eddie Villanueva, Calida co-founded the party-list group Citizens' Battle Against Corruption.
Along the way, they organized the J. Calida and Associates law firm and taught at the Ateneo de Davao Law School. In addition, they have been involved in several companies either as a corporate officer or lawyer. They are, for example, senior vice president and general counsel of Prudential Guarantee and Assurance, Inc. (Coyiuto Group of Companies); chairperson and president of Vigilant Investigative and Security Agency, Inc.; general counsel of the Philippine Association of Detective and Protective Agency Operators, Inc.; chief legal counsel and corporate secretary of C. Alcantara & Sons (ALSONS) Group of Companies in Davao City; and assistant vice president for Legal and head, Litigation Group, of Security Bank.
As president and chairperson of the Vigilant Investigative and Security Agency, Calida secured a contract with the Philippine Amusement and Gaming Corporation or PAGCOR, and later became a lawyer for its former chairperson, Ephraim Genuino. In 2014, they represented Genuino's Mega Data Corporation in a case before the Professional Regulations Commission regarding the supply of pre-printed ID cards and consumables.
A gun enthusiast and sharpshooter, Calida obtained the highest grade of 100 percent in criminal law in the 1973 bar exams.
But the OSG may not be Calida's final target when it comes to government posts for them to occupy. In 2011, when the Judicial and Bar Council launched a search for a new Ombudsman, Calida was a nominee. Their endorsers: Rodrigo R. Duterte, vice mayor of Davao City; and Charlie A.V. Gorayeb, national president, Chamber of Real Estate & Builders' Association.
Sources in the bench and bar say that to this day, Calida remains a strong contender and aspirant to succeed Ombudsman Conchita Carpio-Morales, whose term ends in mid-2018. – PCIJ, February 2017
RELATED STORIES
(Dawn J. Sagert /York Dispatch via AP). CORRECTS SOURCE TO YORK DISPATCH INSTEAD OF THE YORK DAILY RECORD - In this Wednesday, March 1, 2017 photo, former York County Commissioner and Brewvino Owner Steve Chronister talks about Brewvino, LLC., taking o...
(Paul Kuehnel/York Daily Record via AP, File). FILE – In this June 25, 2012, file photo, Steve Chronister, president of the York County Board of Commissioners, appears as a character witness during the corruption trial of former state Revenue Secretary...
(Dawn J. Sagert /York Dispatch via AP). In this Saturday, March 24, 2018 photo, local attorney and York NAACP Chapter President Sandra Thompson speaks as hundreds gather for the March For Our Lives rally to end gun violence in York City, Pa. A golf clu...
(Dawn J. Sagert /York Dispatch via AP). CORRECTS SOURCE TO YORK DISPATCH INSTEAD OF THE YORK DAILY RECORD- In this Wednesday, March 1, 2017 photo, Brewvino Owner and Manager Jordan Chronister talks about renovations that will be made following Brewvino...
By ERRIN HAINES WHACK
AP National Writer
YORK, Pa. (AP) - When they walk onto a golf course as one of the few black women on the links, Sandra Harrison fills with pride and hopes their play will dispel stereotypes and disarm their fellow players - who are often white and male.
What they felt playing at the Grandview Golf Club as a new member in their community could not have been more opposite, Harrison said. The 59-year-old retiree said they were traumatized, rattled and hurt after they said they and the group of black women they were playing with were run off the course before police were called when a white man claimed the women were playing too slowly.
"It was like we were playing with targets on our backs," Harrison said. "What other reason could there be other than we were guilty of being black while golfing?"
No charges were filed, but the confrontation Saturday touched a raw nerve after two other somewhat similar incidents. Two black men in Philadelphia were handcuffed and arrested on April 12 after a Starbucks employee called police because they hadn't bought anything in the store. And employees of an LA Fitness in New Jersey wrongly accused a black member and their guest of not paying to work out and called police, prompting an apology from the company.
Harrison and Sandra Thompson said they were at the second hole when representatives of the Grandview Golf Club told the group they were playing too slowly.
"We knew we snapped those balls and moved right ahead," Thompson said in an interview with The Associated Press.
According to Thompson, one of the other women said they were confronted by a man with a posturing, aggressive demeanor who said, "You need to move forward! I'm the owner!"
Not wanting to lose the day, the group attempted to power through the front nine, Harrison said, but the confrontations made them increasingly upset and unable to concentrate on the game.
After the ninth hole, three of the women dropped out and headed home.
"I said, 'I don't want to do this anymore,'" Harrison said. "I was traumatized."
Down to two players, Thompson figured they and their partner could continue without being bothered. Again, they were approached.
The message this time: "Get off our property." The women were informed the police had been called.
After they were questioned, police declined to proceed further. Thompson said they were offered a check refunding their membership, but refused.
On Sunday club co-owner JJ Chronister told the York Daily Record they called the women personally to "sincerely apologize."
On Monday, they issued a second statement to the newspaper saying players who are slow typically leave the course when asked by club personnel.
"In this instance, the members refused to leave so we called police to ensure an amicable result," the statement reads. It says the women skipped holes and took an extended break.
"During the second conversation we asked members to leave as per our policy noted on the scorecard, voices escalated, and police were called to ensure an amicable resolution," it reads.
It's part of golf etiquette that slow-moving players let groups behind them play through if they are holding things up, and often golf courses have employees who monitor the pace of play, letting golfers know when they are taking too long.
The five are part of a larger group of local women known as Sisters in the Fairway. The group has been around for at least a decade, and all of its members are experienced players who have golfed all over the country and world. They're very familiar with golf etiquette.
"Our name implies that we want to live life in a fair way," Harrison said. We want to be sisters in the fairway, in golf and in life."
Normally, clubs don't allow groups larger than four. Sandra Thompson was the last member to arrive, and checked with a clerk to see if it was OK to join the four others, knowing a fifth member might be an issue. The clerk said it was fine, said Thompson, an attorney and president of the York branch of the NAACP.
Thompson posted a video on their Facebook page showing the interaction with club co-owner Jordan Chronister, their father, former York County Commissioner Steve Chronister, and several other white, male employees.
In it, Jordan Chronister tells the women he's been timing them and that they must leave the premises. The women respond that they took an appropriate break and that the men behind them were still on their beer break and not ready to tee off. The women are then told that the police have been called. And so they wait.
Northern York County Regional Police arrived, conducted interviews and left without charging anyone.
"We were called there for an issue, the issue did not warrant any charges," Northern York County Regional Police Chief Mark Bentzel told the York Daily Record.
JJ Chronister, who owns the club with their husband Jordan Chronister, told the newspaper Sunday that they called the women personally to apologize. They said they hope to meet with them to discuss how the club can use what happened as a learning experience and do better in the future.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
UnitedHealth Group Inc. on Tuesday reported first-quarter net income of $2.17 billion.
On a per-share basis, the Minnetonka, Minnesota-based company said it had net income of $2.23. Earnings, adjusted for amortization costs, were $2.37 per share.
The results exceeded Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 11 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of $2.18 per share.
The largest U.S. health insurer posted revenue of $48.72 billion in the period, which also beat Street forecasts. Seven analysts surveyed by Zacks expected $48.37 billion.
UnitedHealth expects full-year earnings in the range of $9.65 to $9.85 per share, with revenue expected to be $200 billion.
UnitedHealth shares have increased 4.5 percent since the beginning of the year, while the Standard & Poor's 500 index has risen roughly 5 percent. The stock has risen 31 percent in the last 12 months.
—————
This story was generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on UNH at https://www.zacks.com/ap/UNH
—————
Keywords: UnitedHealth Group, Earnings Report, Priority Earnings
President Donald Trump's plan to combat opioid drug addiction nationwide calls for stiffer penalties for drug traffickers, including the death penalty where appropriate under current law, a top administration official said Sunday. It's a fate for drug dealers that Trump, who aims to be seen as tough on crime, has been highlighting publicly in recent weeks.
Trump also wants Congress to pass legislation reducing the amount of drugs needed to trigger mandatory minimum sentences for traffickers who knowingly distribute certain illicit opioids, said Andrew Bremberg, Trump's domestic policy director, who briefed reporters Sunday on the plan Trump is scheduled to unveil Monday in New Hampshire, a state hard-hit by the crisis.
The president will be joined by first lady Melania Trump, who has shown an interest in the issue, particularly as it pertains to their focus on child welfare.
Death for drug traffickers and mandatory minimum penalties for distributing certain opioids are just two elements under the part of Trump's plan that deals with law enforcement and interdiction to break the international and domestic flow of drugs into and across the U.S.
Other parts of the plan include broadening education and awareness, and expanding access to proven treatment and recovery efforts.
Trump has mused openly in recent weeks about subjecting drug dealers to the “ultimate penalty.”
The president told the audience at a Pennsylvania campaign rally this month that countries like Singapore have fewer issues with drug addiction because they harshly punish their dealers. They argued that a person in the U.S. can get the death penalty or life in prison for shooting one person, but that a drug dealer who potentially kills thousands can spend little or no time in jail.
“The only way to solve the drug problem is through toughness,” Trump said in Moon Township.
They made similar comments at a recent White House summit on opioids. “Some countries have a very, very tough penalty — the ultimate penalty. And, by the way, they have much less of a drug problem than we do,” Trump said. “So we're going to have to be very strong on penalties.”
The Justice Department said the federal death penalty is available for several limited drug-related offenses, including violations of the “drug kingpin” provisions of federal law.
Doug Berman, a law professor at Ohio State University, said it was not clear that death sentences for drug dealers, even for those whose product causes multiple deaths, would be constitutional. Berman said the issue would be litigated extensively and would have to be definitively decided by the U.S. Supreme Court.
Opioids, including prescription opioids, heroin and synthetic drugs such as fentanyl, killed more than 42,000 people in the U.S. in 2016, more than any year on record, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Trump has declared that fighting the epidemic is a priority for the administration but critics say the effort has fallen short.
Last October, Trump declared the crisis a national public health emergency, short of the national state of emergency sought by a presidential commission they put together to study the issue.
“We call it the crisis next door because everyone knows someone,” said Kellyanne Conway, a Trump senior adviser. “This is no longer somebody else's community, somebody else's kid, somebody else's co-worker.”
Other elements of the plan Trump will discuss Monday call for a nationwide public awareness campaign, which Trump announced last October, and increased research and development through public-private partnerships between the federal National Institutes of Health and pharmaceutical companies.
Bremberg said the administration also has a plan to cut the number of filled opioid prescriptions by one-third within three years.
That emphasis on empathy is key to Reverie, which is a show built on technology. It examines the importance of empathy and human connection in a world fueled by advanced tech. Fisher is a believer in the good technology can do, so it's not supposed to be a dark, dystopian, worst-case scenario. "We wanted to have a grounded, real look at the way these things play out today in people's lives, and how to tell real emotional stories without it being a sermon on how technology is bad," they said.
However, that doesn't mean that Fisher and their co-executive producer Tom Szentgyorgyi weren't interested in exploring both good and bad ways that the tech in Reverie could be used. While it's a look at where VR could be (and likely is) heading, it's not anything we're currently capable of -- that's because the key to Reverie lies in its connection with humans. The virtual reality we have access to right now consists of preprogrammed experiences that the user is dropped into via interfaces like the HTC Vive and Oculus Rift. While the user can interact with the VR world, the world doesn't necessarily interact back. That's not the case in Reverie.
"One of the hallmarks of the Reverie technology is that it's dynamic," Szentgyorgyi said. "It reacts to you. In essence, any time you tell someone a fantasy, one of your fantasies, you're essentially drawing a little bit of a self-portrait. You're showing something about yourself." The key here is that Reverie learns about you through what you request from it and the worlds you ask it to build. The program then uses that information to make your VR fantasies as realistic as possible. "In so doing," Szentgyorgyi continued, "[it] can often show startling insight into people if you know how to look at it."
That isn't limited to the people Mara is trying to save, who pay to use the program. Mara themselves is entering Reveries. It might be to save other people, but in doing so, the program is slowly learning about them It provokes some fascinating questions about what the technology's capabilities are. The producers promise some "pretty fantastic environments" over the course of the first season, thanks to special effects house CoSA, which has also worked on shows like Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. and Gotham.
But you can't delve into the world of VR without asking, "What if this hurts people?" After all, the premise of the show is that people are falling into comas while inside their Reveries. Does the company behind the technology, Onira-tech, have any responsibility for the way people choose to use their tech? What happens if users' fantasies aren't necessarily healthy? And what if someone drags another person into a Reverie without their consent? These are all issues that the series will confront over the course of its first season.
by Ed Ottenthal, Contributing Writer
The month of January along our southeast coast offers anglers a chance at a vast variety of migratory fish, along with the many resident species that inhabit our waters all year long. The wise angler will be watching for the schools of baitfish that are being chased by the marauding predators, a tell-tale sign that they are on the feed. If an angler is lucky enough to encounter one of these blitzes, they or they will have some great memories that will last for a lifetime.
Whether an angler is fishing from the beach or near shore in a boat, it is wise to add a short piece of light wire to the leader because these predators are toothy critters and the wire will not deter them from chomping down on the offering. Much of the action is on the surface this time of the year, so the use of surface plugs and popping plugs work well. It is a lot of fun to have Spanish mackerel, bluefish, jacks and an occasional king mackerel slam a surface lure when it looks like a fleeing baitfish trying to escape. Jigs often work well also when there are no blitzes taking place. One little trick is to tip the jig with a piece of shrimp or squid; this will give the jig some smell and some action.
This month also brings with its cobia. This is a prized fish that cruises in a little deeper water, sometimes in the accompaniment of big rays or around a weed line or flotsam. If a ray is present, throw an offering near the ray and maybe you will be rewarded with one of these great fish. Tripletail will also be present around debris or buoys. Throw a shrimp at one of them and an angler will not be disappointed with the fight or the table fare. All that must be remembered is the sharpness of the gill plates. Stay away from them to be safe!! Sheepshead will also be present around docks and rocks. A great presentation is to tip a small hook with a piece of shrimp, but the best are fiddler crabs or mangrove crabs. These fish fight well and are great for eating, but a pain to clean. The cleaning part is well worth the effort when on the table.
Nighttime fishing near lights and structure is a good time to target snook. But be sure to check the fishing regulations concerning snook, because they are constantly changing. They have closed for capture recently.
A note of safety! Recently my boat was boarded and inspected by the Marine Police. They checked everything from lights to life preservers. When they checked my flares, I was told they were outdated! Get ready for a ticket! I then showed them my NEW flare light from DEFENDER. This electronic flare is USCG approved with an SOS distress light and will never expire like ordinary flares. Be safe, contact them at www.defender.com
CLEVELAND — Kyle Schwarber hit two of Chicago's four solo home runs and the Cubs defeated the Cleveland Indians 10-3 on Tuesday night in the first meeting between the teams since their classic 2016 World Series.
The Cubs won Game 7 of that Series in Cleveland for their first championship since 1908, a game that was delayed by rain in the 10th inning shortly before Chicago took the lead. This matchup was played in a steady rain that began before the first pitch.
The Cubs won three games in Cleveland's ballpark during the 2016 Series and continued the trend against Josh Tomlin (0-3), who allowed all four homers. Schwarber connected leading off the second and fourth. Willson Contreras went deep in the third and Ian Happ homered in the fourth.
Tyler Chatwood (1-3) won for the first time with the Cubs, allowing one run in six-plus innings. They were pulled after a leadoff single in the seventh.
Cubs third baseman Kris Bryant was out of the lineup two days after being hit in the head by a pitch. Chicago manager Joe Maddon said before the game that the 2016 NL MVP has a cut above their left eye but no concussion after being drilled Sunday by Colorado's German Marquez.
Schwarber is batting .500 (15 for 30) with three homers and eight RBIs in seven career games at Progressive Field, including the post-season.
Happ was 3 for 4 with two RBIs, and Contreras hit their first home run of the season. The Cubs scored three in the seventh off Zach McAllister and two in the ninth against Matt Belisle.
Tomlin has allowed eight home runs in 12 2/3 innings over four appearances. The right-hander gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings.
Jason Kipnis had an RBI groundout in the third, but right fielder Jason Heyward's throw home got Rajai Davis at the plate to end the inning. Davis tried to score from second on Jose Ramirez's single, but was out on a headfirst slide. Cleveland challenged but the call was upheld.
Heyward also took a hit away from Kipnis with a sliding catch in the sixth.
Highway 58 Crash Claims Life of Salem Man
The names of all involved will not be released at this time.
Fatal crash on Hwy 58 (Oregon)
Photo: OSP
(KLAMATH COUNTY, Ore.) - There was a fatal motor vehicle crash near milepost 67 on Hwy 58, this morning about 7:15, according to Oregon State Police. The accident scene is about 5 miles west of Crescent Lake in Klamath County.
The preliminary investigation determined that a 2004 Subaru was westbound on Hwy 58 when it lost control on the icy roadway. The Subaru then slid into the eastbound lane where it struck a 2010 Nissan SUV. The passenger side of the Subaru was impacted.
The operator of the Subaru was pronounced deceased at the scene.
The operator of the Nissan and two passengers were transported to St. Charles Medical Center in Bend where they are being treated for non-life threatening injuries.
One of the occupants was transported by Air Link and the other two were transported by ambulance by Crescent Lake Fire Department.
The names of all involved will not be released at this time. Once family members have been notified we will release the names in an update.
The Oregon State Police was assisted by Crescent Lake Fire Department, Air Link, and the Oregon Department of Transportation.
One lane of the highway was closed for approximately three hours. Vehicle restraints were used in both vehicles.
Source: Oregon State Police #OSP
_________________________________________
WASHINGTON (AP) — Manufacturing in New York state expanded at the fastest pace in more than two years as factories received more new orders and stepped up hiring.
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York said that its Empire State manufacturing index in February rose to 18.7 from 6.5, reaching the highest level since 2014. Any reading above zero indicates expansion.
The survey adds to recent evidence that the U.S. manufacturing sector is recovering after nearly two years of mostly flat output. Businesses are spending more on machinery and other big-ticket factory goods, and overseas economies have stabilized.
A measure of new orders jumped to 13.5 from 3.1 and a measure of unfilled orders rose for the first time since 2011. Both gauges point to much stronger demand for factory goods.
Here is our guide of the best comic book and games stores in the region.
That Comic Shop, Preston
Infinity Comics
That Comic Shop, in Friargate, Preston, has recently celebrated its 10th anniversary. The store receives a delivery of new comics every week, including Marvel, DC and other independent publishers. It stocks Magic the Gathering Card games and holds weekly Friday Magic fun nights, as well as regular Magic drafts, pre-release tournaments and friendly games in store. Players are welcome at anytime to have a friendly game in store with drinks and snacks. The store also has a large choice of trade paper backs, magazines, novels, t-shirts, action figures, keyrings, mugs, glasses, stickers, badges and free posters. The owner, Noel Corless, holds regular bake sales to raise money for different causes.
First Age Comics, Lancaster
Located in Moor Lane, Lancaster, First Age Comics stocks comics and graphic novels from major publishers such as DC, Marvel, Dark Horse, IDW and Image. It also supports material from independent publishers, small press and local creators.
In addition to a plentiful back issue section with comics dating from the 1960s onwards, there is also a good selection of action figures, toys, games, as well as film and TV merchandise.
The store, which has been running for 10 years, is open Tuesday to Saturday from 10am until 5pm.
Infinity Comics, Blackpool
Connor Mitchel took over the former Thunderbooks, in Lytham Road, late last year and relaunched Infinity Comics. It stocks all the latest comics, as well as related memorabilia. It is open Wednesday to Sunday.
Bat Cave, Blackburn
Bat Cave, in Lower Cockcroft, Blackburn, stocks comics, graphic novels, Games Workshop, Magic The Gathering, memorabilia, Pop figures and lots more.
It is open Monday to Saturday 10.30am until 5.30pm. It also hosts a variety of events.
Wallpaper Supplies, Wigan
Wallpaper Supplies, in Library Street, Wigan, may well be a home decor shop, but located deep within its walls lies a comic store.
It has new releases delivered every week, selling toys, action figures from Marvel Legends and Universe, statues, Manga books, Heroclix and comics.
It also has one of the largest stocks of graphic novels.
The store is open seven days a week.
By Jesse Lopez
Contributing columnist
The semester before my final year at Cal State Fullerton, I knew I had to start thinking of a senior design idea to work on the following year to graduate with a bachelor's degree in computer engineering.
I scoured the internet for ideas and asked other students what they were going to do. Some were going to continue to expand on previous senior design projects other students had launched. I wasn't interested in fine-tuning someone else's project. After spending several months trying to figure out what to do, a visit to a batting cage one spring day with my dad and sister sparked an idea.
My sister plays softball, and I retired from baseball after high school. I still enjoy hitting baseballs at the batting cages and on occasion like to help my sister with their batting. That day, I was walking around the batting facility when I saw an old pitching machine that did not work but still seemed to be in good condition. Looking at it, I began to remember the times I'd spent with my dad setting the pitching machine to get different kinds of pitches at varying speeds.
I stared at the old machine for about five minutes, studying the way it moved, and determined how different pitch types are achieved. I then recalled how my dad would take lots of time to set up the machine, just to get the correct pitch settings, and then have to do it over again for a different pitch.
The manual adjustment process was difficult, time-consuming and frustrating at times. I thought to myself: Why not automate the entire pitching machine? Why not take the pitching machine operator out of the equation and develop a machine that can throw different types of pitches in any sequence and speed you desire, automatically? What a simple idea — but I also thought that someone else had done it.
After a few weeks of researching pitching machines, I came to the conclusion that such a machine had not been invented. If I selected this idea for my design project, I knew lots of work would be required. Thinking about the usefulness of the idea, how it could be a tremendous help for all those baseball dads and about the possibility of the idea expanding into the world of organized baseball training made my decision. It would be my project.
In proposing the idea to our department head, I explained that such a machine could be marketable in the future if done correctly, noting that baseball is big business.
When the fall semester began, I assembled a team of five classmates. Unfortunately, I was the only one with any knowledge of baseball and pitching machines. Still, I was excited to begin leading the team for this project. I was never the lead designer of anything in my life, so I was both excited and nervous.
Our team spent the entire fall semester planning how the machine was going to work. We had decided to take an existing pitching machine and modify it to fit our needs. We talked about how we were going to move the existing machine settings automatically. What would communicate to the machine to change the pitch type, speed and location? How would we physically move the pitching machine settings to create a pitch type?
Being in charge and the most knowledgeable about baseball gave me the final say on most aspects of the design. That was great! Yet working on the project with a group, I quickly learned that compromise was important regarding team member ideas. There are always differing opinions on how to do something. Teamwork, cooperation and collaboration were very important to completing our project.
Near the end of the fall semester, we had completed a design concept, established a budget and had already begun developing a mobile application. I wrote the code for the app that controlled the pitching machine movements and pitch selections. We were making great progress and on track going into the end of spring semester. Then we began to face some adversity.
Writing the code for the application and the Arduino Computer we were using to control the machine would be the most time-consuming part of the project. All the code we wrote was new with the exception of communication protocols for Bluetooth. Coordinating with other team members would become an issue when figuring out who was working on what, what was being changed and the merging of the design components.
Sometimes we would have to make quick changes to meet our project component deadlines. By the time our code was complete, we had very little time to consolidate the design pieces into a single functioning pitching machine.
As computer engineering majors, we were not ideally equipped to implement the physical aspects of the design, such as mounting the motors that moved the machine. We also ran into problems when we discovered that our motors were not strong enough to move the machine and had compatibility issues with our parts. Welding and additional supports were needed to help the machine move.
These were all areas unfamiliar to us and required more time than we initially thought. However, in the end, we were able to resolve many of the problems with the help of our professors and with the help of several professional engineers.
What was once a simple idea a year ago, and after many long weekends and school nights, came to reality. Our pitching machine, dubbed Smart Pitch, finally worked. In fact, the autonomous pitching machine is capable of throwing a baseball 90 mph.
I can say for certain that I am going to look back on this and be thankful. I learned how to push through design issues, resolve design problems and, work as part of team.
Together, we learned how to achieve a goal on time and on budget.
One day, I hope to expand on the project by making it better and smaller, or possibly apply the concept to another sport, such as volleyball. I also hope that future students searching for a design project might choose this one and improve our design.
Jesse Lopez earned their bachelor's degree in computer engineering from Cal State Fullerton in May and has been hired by a defense contractor as a software engineer. Their plans include pursuing a master's degree in electrical engineering.
Today – Sunny, with a high near 46. West southwest wind 7 to 14 mph, with gusts as high as 20 mph.
Tonight – Clear, with a low around 17. Southwest wind around 6 mph.
Tuesday – Sunny, with a high near 46. West southwest wind 7 to 9 mph.
Tuesday Night – Mostly clear, with a low around 19. West southwest wind around 8 mph.
Wednesday – Mostly sunny, with a high near 42. West wind 6 to 8 mph.
Wednesday Night – Partly cloudy, with a low around 18. Northwest wind around 5 mph becoming light and variable.
Thursday – Sunny, with a high near 41. West wind 6 to 11 mph.
Thursday Night – Mostly clear, with a low around 20. Breezy.
Friday – Mostly sunny, with a high near 45. Breezy.
Friday Night – A 20 percent chance of snow after 11 pm. Partly cloudy, with a low around 22.
Saturday – A slight chance of snow. Partly sunny, with a high near 37. Breezy.
Saturday Night – Mostly cloudy, with a low around 22. Breezy.
RIYADH, Saudi Arabia & STAMFORD, Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--A sold-out crowd will witness history as the Saudi General Sports Authority in partnership with WWE presents the first-ever Greatest Royal Rumble at the King Abdullah Sports City Stadium in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia this Friday, April 27 at 7:00 p.m. AST.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006630/en/
(Photo: Business Wire)
The Greatest Royal Rumble event will stream live on WWE Network and be available on pay-per-view outside of the Middle East. The event will air live in the Middle East on MBC Action, KSA Sports 1, Abu Dhabi Sports 1 and Abu Dhabi Sports 6, as well as stream live on Dawri Plus.
General Sports Authority of Saudi Arabia Chairman Their Excellency Turki Al Sheikh, WWE Chairman & CEO Vince McMahon, and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, invite the world to celebrate this signature event. It is the first event as part of a long-term partnership between WWE and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
The Greatest Royal Rumble card includes the first-ever 50-man Greatest Royal Rumble match, John Cena™ vs. Triple H™, The Undertaker™ vs. Rusev™ in a Casket match, Brock Lesnar™ vs. Roman Reigns™ in a Steel Cage Universal Championship match, WWE Championship match: AJ Styles™ vs. Shinsuke Nakamura™, Intercontinental Championship Ladder match: Seth Rollins™ vs. The Miz™ vs. Samoa Joe™ vs. Finn Bálor™, United States Championship match: Jeff Hardy™ vs. Jinder Mahal™ with Sunil Singh, Raw Tag Team Championship match: Matt Hardy™ and Bray Wyatt™ vs. Sheamus™ and Cesaro™, SmackDown Tag Team Championship match: The Bludgeon Brothers™ vs. The Usos™ and the Cruiserweight Championship.
About WWE
WWE, a publicly traded company (NYSE: WWE), is an integrated media organization and recognized leader in global entertainment. The company consists of a portfolio of businesses that create and deliver original content 52 weeks a year to a global audience. WWE is committed to family friendly entertainment on its television programming, pay-per-view, digital media and publishing platforms. WWE's TV-PG, family-friendly programming can be seen in more than 800 million homes worldwide in 20 languages. WWE Network, the first-ever 24/7 over-the-top premium network that includes all live pay-per-views, scheduled programming and a massive video-on-demand library, is currently available in more than 180 countries. The company is headquartered in Stamford, Conn., with offices in New York, Los Angeles, London, Mexico City, Mumbai, Shanghai, Singapore, Dubai, Munich and Tokyo.
Additional information on WWE (NYSE: WWE) can be found at wwe.com and corporate.wwe.com. For information on our global activities, go to http://www.wwe.com/worldwide/.
Trademarks: All WWE programming, talent names, images, likenesses, slogans, wrestling moves, trademarks, logos and copyrights are the exclusive property of WWE and its subsidiaries. All other trademarks, logos and copyrights are the property of their respective owners.
Forward-Looking Statements: This press release contains forward-looking statements pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, risks relating to: WWE Network; major distribution agreements; our need to continue to develop creative and entertaining programs and events; a decline in the popularity of our brand of sports entertainment; the continued importance of key performers and the services of Vincent K. McMahon; possible adverse changes in the regulatory atmosphere and related private sector initiatives; the highly competitive, rapidly changing and increasingly fragmented nature of the markets in which we operate and greater financial resources or marketplace presence of many of our competitors; uncertainties associated with international markets; our difficulty or inability to promote and conduct our live events and/or other businesses if we do not comply with applicable regulations; our dependence on our intellectual property rights, our need to protect those rights, and the risks of our infringement of others' intellectual property rights; the complexity of our rights agreements across distribution mechanisms and geographical areas; potential substantial liability in the event of accidents or injuries occurring during our physically demanding events including, without limitation, claims relating to CTE; large public events as well as travel to and from such events; our feature film business; our expansion into new or complementary businesses and/or strategic investments; our computer systems and online operations; a possible decline in general economic conditions and disruption in financial markets; our accounts receivable; our revolving credit facility; litigation; our potential failure to meet market expectations for our financial performance, which could adversely affect our stock; Vincent K. McMahon exercising control over our affairs, and their interests may conflict with the holders of our Class A common stock; a substantial number of shares which are eligible for sale by the McMahons and the sale, or the perception of possible sales, of those shares could lower our stock price; and the relatively small public “float” of our Class A common stock. In addition, our dividend is dependent on a number of factors, including, among other things, our liquidity and cash flow, strategic plan (including alternative uses of capital), our financial results and condition, contractual and legal restrictions on the payment of dividends (including under our revolving credit facility), general economic and competitive conditions and such other factors as our Board of Directors may consider relevant. Forward-looking statements made by the Company speak only as of the date made, are subject to change without any obligation on the part of the Company to update or revise them, and undue reliance should not be placed on these statements.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006630/en/
CONTACT: WWE
Media:
Matthew Altman, 203-352-1177
Matthew.Altman@wwecorp.com
or
Investor:
Michael Weitz, 203-352-8642
Michael.Weitz@wwecorp.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CONNECTICUT SAUDI ARABIA MIDDLE EAST
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENTERTAINMENT WRESTLING TV AND RADIO CELEBRITY EVENTS/CONCERTS SPORTS
SOURCE: WWE
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 09:43 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 09:43 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006630/en
The discovery was made by their wife and brother, who had been worried about Mr. Bokrezion and traced their GPS device with the help of their garage. Their wife started crying, screaming, pounding on the window.
Photo
Cabs always parked in a neat line along the west side of the street, one of 38 taxi stands in Manhattan where drivers are allowed to rest for a short time without risking a ticket. Drivers always took power naps. Sure, the sign — “Taxi 1 Hour Limit Relief Stand” —indicated that rules were supposed to be followed, but on this part of Thompson Street, which makes an abrupt turn into Avenue of the Americas instead of heading straight into Canal Street, no one seems to have paid attention to the taxi that stayed a little longer.
Yet in some ways, Mr. Bokrezion's long wait to be found was just another example of how in this city of almost 8.6 million, the most crowded in the country, minding one's own business is an art form.
Despite the crowds, New York can sometimes feel like the most isolating place in the world, a city where a man spent as long as five hours riding the No. 1 subway line in 1999 before anyone realized that he, too, had died.
Mr. Bokrezion's family members could not be reached for this story. At some point, their family moved from Eritrea to America. They joined the taxi company — Susan Maintenance Corp. — in Manhattan shortly after getting their taxi driver's license in 1991. As an independent contractor, they could drive as little or as much as they wanted. Mr. Bokrezion chose to never work weekends. They picked up a taxi in the morning, and almost always turned it in before 10 p.m.
Other taxi drivers said Mr. Bokrezion was the kind of friend who called when they were on vacation, just to check in. When they spotted a fellow driver walking through Pennsylvania Station, they sneaked up and joked that they needed a ride to Brooklyn. (It's taxi-driver humor; civilians might not understand.)
Mr. Bokrezion, who lived in the West Village, often showed up hours before their shift, to chat with friends at the two yellow picnic tables inside the Susan taxi garage, which had moved to Park Slope, Brooklyn, from Manhattan. It was a mini-United Nations, with drivers and dispatchers from countries like Senegal, Morocco and Haiti. Most frequently, the drivers talked about how tough it was to earn a living, with Uber looming over their livelihoods. August was also a slow month. Mr. Bokrezion said it was hard to find a fare.
Photo
On Tuesday, they took the subway to work like always. They checked with the company's insurance coordinator, Tony Hou, on whether a friend's driving violation had been cleared. Mr. Bokrezion then called the friend, who was on vacation overseas.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
After getting a taxi, about 10 a.m., they drove to where they liked to start the day: La Guardia Airport in Queens, where they often waited for a customer for an hour. Mr. Bokrezion dropped their fare in TriBeCa, in Manhattan, just down the street from the Tribeca Grill.
Then Mr. Bokrezion drove less than a mile, to a neighborhood they knew well: The taxi stand on Thompson Street near the former home of Susan taxis.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The biggest buildings nearby were the two boutique hotels, the Soho Grand and the James, but the hotels' main entrances were on other sides. Down the street, a karaoke lounge advertised “a peaceful corner” on its brown awning.
Mr. Bokrezion parked carefully. Their doors were locked. Their windows were rolled up, almost all the way, but it was a pleasant day, in the mid-70s with scattered clouds. Mr. Bokrezion was sitting up. To anyone walking by, they seemed to be sleeping.
Their cause of death would later be ruled natural, due to cardiovascular disease.
Throughout the day, people walked past Mr. Bokrezion's body, those with hair appointments at Haute Air, those with acupuncture appointments at Yupo Wellness, those just with someplace to be. Other taxi drivers parked. They talked to one another on the sidewalk; they walked down the block for a snack and a bathroom break at Soho's Finest Market. After a time, they drove off.
Photo
Once the sun set, people showed up for Jimmy's, but it was a slow night, so there wasn't a line. Down the street, karaoke fans smoked cigarettes.
The night shift left; the day shift arrived. Mr. Ahmed walked by about 3:30 a.m. to set up their food cart for the morning rush. They saw Mr. Bokrezion, but thought nothing of it.
Franklin Lambert, 71, a taxi dispatcher, showed up at Susan taxis about 5 a.m. At some point in the next hour, Mr. Bokrezion's wife called Mr. Lambert and said their husband never came home. Mr. Lambert checked the taxi's GPS unit and saw that the car had not moved for almost a day. And they told Mr. Bokrezion's wife where the cab was parked.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
They lived about a half-mile away.
At around the same time, at 6:30 a.m., a passer-by noticed Mr. Bokrezion hadn't moved and called 911. Mr. Bokrezion's wife and brother arrived, finding Mr. Bokrezion. Their wife broke down. Two others called 911. Workers with the city's Emergency Medical Services showed up and broke the car's window and unlocked the door. Police arrived.
Mr. Lambert drove over from Brooklyn. “Even myself, seeing her, seeing them around the cab, it was so painful,” they said. “Such a painful thing to witness.”
Authorities covered Mr. Bokrezion's body and hung yellow caution tape around the taxi stand. People gathered on the sidewalk, the hotel workers, the commuters.
But soon enough, the tape was pulled down. The taxis returned. All that remained of Mr. Bokrezion's time was a small pile of broken glass. People walking by just figured that the glass was left from a petty crime, from something stolen inside a car.
LONDON (AP) — West Ham defender Arthur Masuaku has been banned for six games for spitting at an opponent during an FA Cup match.
The Football Association says Masuaku will be out until March 10 after the incident that took place during West Ham's 2-0 loss at Wigan on Saturday.
The French left back has apologized for spitting, saying it was "totally unacceptable" and "out of character."
West Ham manager David Moyes said Masuaku's act was "despicable" and that their player "will deserve everything they get."
Forty-eight Zambian MPs from the opposition UPND have been suspended for 30 days for boycotting President Edgar Lungu's state of the nation address.
They refused to attend in March as they argued Mr Lungu was not the legitimate winner of last year's election.
Parliament speaker Patrick Matibini said the MPs' boycott was “gross misconduct”, Lusaka Times reports.
The suspension comes as UPND leader Hakainde Hichilema is in detention facing treason charges.
Zambia's government has faced criticism from the country's Conference of Catholic Bishops over its handling of the case of the opposition leader. It warned that Zambia was slipping towards a “dictatorship”.
The suspended 48 MPs represents nearly the entire parliamentary party of 58.
Challenge to MPs
The speaker said their ban takes effect immediately and dared the suspended MPs to resign:
“I therefore challenge the UPND members that if they still maintain that they do not recognise the president, they should resign on moral grounds.”
Zambia has been locked in a political crisis since Mr Hichilema was arrested in April following an incident in which a convoy they were travelling in allegedly refused to give way to the presidential motorcade.
Mr Hichillema, who lost to Mr Lungu in last year's close election, is accused of endangering the president's life. Their lawyers argue that the charges are politically motivated. BBC News
The Big Spring Art Association's Area Wide Art Show is set to bring in artists from all around West Texas to show off their artwork at the Heritage Museum.
The annual exhibition that starts on May 6 at the museum is open to to anyone who wishes to participate and has original artwork that they would like to enter.
“In the area-wide show, we try to get in touch with the surrounding towns, and anyone who wants to be a part of it is welcome,” said Sandee Lockhart, President of the Big Spring Art Association.
One of many events the Art Association holds, the show welcomes all kinds of traditional artwork from oil and acrylic paintings to sculpture and photography.
There will be awards granted to first and second place in each category as well as an overall best in show. Ribbons will also be given for third place, Honorable Mention and People's Choice.
Some restrictions include it must be original art work meaning no reproductions or copies of published photographs, and must be no larger than 40 inches on either side of the frame. The artwork needs to have been completed in the past two years, and the association reserves the right to refuse any entries.
For anyone who plans to enter artwork Art Association members pay $10 per entry and non members pay $15 per entry. If interested in joining the Big Spring Art Association it is only a $20 annual charge, and $15 for students and anyone can join at anytime before the show.
Anyone interested in entering work into the show should bring their work to the Heritage Museum on May 6 from 10 a.m to 2 p.m, the opening day of the show. If you have any questions regarding the show you can contact Sandee Lockhart at b-slockhart@live.com or by phone 432-263-4155, and you can find more information about the Big Spring Art Association from their Facebook.
In our second annual student survey, Maclean's reached more than 17,000 students at almost every university campus across the country. They told us how often they've cheated as well as how much time they spend studying, partying, working and on extracurricular activities. It is one of the largest surveys of its kind and provides a wide-ranging snapshot of student life on university campuses across the country in real time.
Respondents also told us whether they feel their school has prepared them for the workplace, offering insight into which universities—and which programs—are doing the best job preparing students for the real world. St. Francis Xavier came out on top for this one measure, with 53% of students strongly agreeing they had the skills and knowledge needed for employment. For some programs, the results were even better, with 71% of St. FX nursing students saying they'd been well prepared. We also asked whether the schools helped with writing ability, with St. Thomas ranking first on that front. In addition, we surveyed professors to see whether incoming university students had the academic skills needed for success.
Our survey has its limitations, most obviously that it is anonymous and self-reported, so we have to trust students to fill it out honestly.
17:04 Reported News Briefs Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Finance Committee approves budget to bullet-proof buses Read more Finance Committee agrees to transfer $12,800,000 budget to protect school and civilian buses. ► ◄ Last Briefs
— Setting up a quad for snow —
So, what all is going on inside the garages of Dirt Wheels readers these days? Well, let's take a look and see what Kevin Lonce is up to. They live in New York where it's known to get some snow in the winter months. That doesn't stop Kevin from going riding. Instead, they make sure one of their quads is set up to handle the snow. That's what he's doing here. Their Raptor is in the process of being transformed into their favorite winter machine.
On the rear Kevin has switched over to the Maxxis 4-Snow tires. On the front he's checking out an ATV ski kit designed to bolt right up to their Raptor. He'll be ready when the first snow fall hits.
Have you set up a quad or UTV for the snow? If so, the Dirt Wheels crew would love to check it out. Please send us some photos and info on it. Make sure to include your name, city & state.
Email it to us at [email protected]
NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Wednesday:
HP Inc., up 86 cents to $22.16
The printer and PC maker raised its profit forecast after it topped analyst projections in its latest quarter.
U.S. Bancorp, up 98 cents to $49.84
Banks rallied as bond yields rose after sharp losses a day ago.
Exxon Mobil Corp., up $3.08 to $81.50
Oil prices turned higher and energy companies broke out of a five-day losing streak.
Dick's Sporting Goods Inc., up $7.87 to $38.35
The retailer raised its profit forecast after strong online sales boosted its first-quarter results.
WellCare Health Plans Inc., up $5.84 to $226.99
The health insurer said it will pay $2.5 billion for Medicaid provider and pharmacy benefits manager Meridian.
Chico's FAS Inc., down $1.82 to $8.17
The clothing retailer's quarterly profit fell short of Wall Street estimates.
Michael Kors Holdings Ltd., down $7.81 to $60.41
The luxury retailer gave a disappointing forecast for the year.
J.M. Smucker Co., down 9 cents to $108.59
High dividend stocks like household goods makers moved lower as investors grew less cautious and took more risks Wednesday.
HARARE, Zimbabwe (AP) — Pakistan had five balls to spare when it beat Zimbabwe by seven wickets on Wednesday and eliminated the African host from the Twenty20 tri-series tournament.
Solomon Mire missed out on the chance to become Zimbabwe's first century-maker in a T20 international as their 94-run knock carried Zimbabwe to 162-4 after captain Hamilton Masakadza lost their first toss in the tri-series and their team was put in to bat.
Opener Fakhar Zaman (47) and Hussain Talat (44) led Pakistan to 163-3 in 19.1 overs against an inexperienced bowling attack as Pakistan registered its second win against Zimbabwe.
It was Zimbabwe's third straight loss.
Australia plays against Pakistan on Thursday before both teams meet in Sunday's final.
Mire stood tall against Pakistan's full-strength attack as left-arm fast bowler Mohammad Amir (1-25) got their first game of the series and replaced Usman Khan.
Mire and Cephas Zhuwao (24) provided a solid opening partnership of 49 runs before Tarisai Musakanda (33) added 64 runs for the third wicket with Mire.
Mire, who hit six sixes and six fours, reached their half-century off 32 balls when they hoisted left-arm spinner Mohammad Nawaz for a six over long off in the 11th over.
Pakistan struggled for wickets despite seamer Faheem Ashraf (1-24) and leg-spinner Shadab Khan (1-28) bowling a decent four overs each in the middle overs.
Mire looked set to become the first Zimbabwe batsman to score a century in a Twenty20 before they holed out at deep mid-wicket off seamer Talat in the 18th over — only a ball after Asif Ali missed a sitter at deep square leg.
Mire also featured in two dismissals during Pakistan's innings as they took a fine catch in the deep to dismiss Haris Sohail. They then denied Zaman a half century through their medium pace when the left-hander was caught at mid-on.
Captain Sarfraz Ahmed (38 not out) and experienced Shoaib Malik (12 not out) kept their composure and carried Pakistan home.
Ahmed was not happy with their bowlers, saying it "was not up to the mark, they have to work hard."
WASHINGTON (AP) — On the day that gunfire shattered the morning calm of suburban Washington, dozens of family members of those killed by past gun violence had gathered in the capital to lobby against Republican-backed legislation to make it easier to buy gun silencers.
The lobbying effort and a related hearing were canceled in the aftermath of the shooting. But gun control advocates aren't going far.
They're plodding ahead, hopeful for action but pragmatic enough to know that the latest shooting doesn't dramatically alter the dynamics of their uphill battle.
"Anytime there's a tragedy, it just once again amplifies the problem with gun violence in our country," said Lucy McBath, whose son, Jordan Davis, was shot to death four years ago in a dispute over loud music.
Wednesday's shooting at a congressional baseball practice marked the first high-profile test of Trump-era gun politics: Republican control of Congress and the White House has all but eliminated talk of tightening federal gun laws. President Donald Trump won election in part by making clear their opposition to new restrictions on gun purchases.
Gun control advocates, already on the defensive, insist they're not abandoning their efforts in Congress or state legislatures. But after Wednesday's shooting of Republican Rep. Steve Scalise and several others, they did not immediately land on a new strategy to challenge Trump and the Republican-led Congress.
"It is frustrating. These kinds of tragedies happen every single day," said McBath. "Americans should be able to play baseball and dance in a nightclub or attend religious services without the fear of being gunned down. Americans can do better and we deserve better."
As gun control advocates eyed the challenging political reality, the powerful National Rifle Association made clear it was not backing off.
NRA spokesperson Dana Loesch praised the Capitol Hill police, saying that "good guys with guns kept this from getting worse." They said the organization would continue pushing for gun-friendly legislation at the state and federal level, arguing that new gun-control measures are not the answer.
"Evil is real, evil exists and it makes no sense that the good cannot protect themselves against evil," said Loesch. "Those policies have failed where they have been implemented."
Echoing those sentiments, the Republicans who control Washington dug in.
Trump ally Rep. Chris Collins, R-N.Y., who has a permit to carry a gun, vowed to keep their weapon close: "On a rare occasion I'd have my gun in the glove box or something, but it's going to be in my pocket from this day forward," Collins told a Buffalo ABC affiliate.
Rep. Jeff Duncan, R-S.C., argued that tougher gun laws aren't the answer. They noted the shooter had a criminal record and was from Illinois, which already has strict gun laws, "yet they were still able to access a firearm somehow."
The shooter was identified as James T. Hodgkinson, a 66-year-old home inspector from Illinois who had several minor run-ins with the law in recent years and belonged to a Facebook group called "Terminate the Republican Party." Officers in Scalise's security detail wounded Hodgkinson, who was taken into custody and later died.
Many gun control groups spent the immediate aftermath of the shooting privately contemplating their strategy. Most decided to proceed with caution, issuing public statements that avoided the gun control debate altogether.
"This shooting is an attack on all who serve and on all who participate in our democracy," said former Rep. Gabby Giffords, the only other member of Congress shot in the last four decades. Giffords said in a statement that they were "heartbroken" for Scalise and the other victims.
A group connected to the Newtown, Connecticut, school massacre said the latest shooting showed that "more conversations are needed."
"This is not about more guns, which we know would not have prevented this event in spite of the presence of Congressman Scalise's armed detail," said the group Sandy Hook Promise. "This is about prevention and education, about knowing the signs of someone who might commit an act of violence and how to stop it from happening in the first place."
They're pushing ahead in a harsh environment.
Trump, who has offered strong support for the NRA, appeared at the group's convention in April and told members: "The eight-year assault on your Second Amendment freedoms has come to a crashing end."
In one early sign of the new pro-gun environment, Congress in February passed a resolution to block a rule that would have kept guns out of the hands of certain people with mental disorders. Trump quickly signed it.
Gun control groups hope to defeat an NRA-backed effort to enact a national "concealed-carry reciprocity" law that would require all states to recognize other states' concealed carry permits. They helped beat back such proposals in Congress repeatedly during Obama's presidency, but face a far steeper challenge in the Trump era.
In the face of it all, McBath said simply: "I have hope."
___
AP writer Darlene Superville in Washington contributed to this report.
This year, golfers will be teeing it up for the 25th Annual Kingsport Chamber Golf Scramble. It will be held on Monday, May 8th at the Ridgefields Country Club. Lindsay Powers joins us with a preview.
Advertisement
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 N.Y. Islanders 30 17 10 3 37 108 100 Washington 31 18 12 1 37 95 91 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 Pittsburgh 32 16 13 3 35 94 104 N.Y. Rangers 29 16 11 2 34 98 87 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 Detroit 29 11 13 5 27 80 97 Florida 29 11 14 4 26 88 104 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 Buffalo 30 7 17 6 20 64 102 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA St. Louis 31 21 8 2 44 104 78 Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 San Jose 29 16 10 3 35 79 69 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 Minnesota 29 15 11 3 33 87 87 Dallas 30 16 13 1 33 89 89 Chicago 30 14 11 5 33 90 82 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 Colorado 29 14 13 2 30 92 95 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 Arizona 33 7 21 5 19 75 114
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Chicago 3, Arizona 1
St. Louis 3, Buffalo 2, OT
Toronto 1, Edmonton 0
Minnesota 4, San Jose 3, OT
Monday's Games
Colorado 2, Pittsburgh 1
N.Y. Islanders 3, Washington 1
Dallas at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Florida at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Carolina at Anaheim, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Edmonton at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Washington, 7 p.m.
Los Angeles at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Calgary at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Florida at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Carolina at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Boston at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Nashville at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Buffalo at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Washington at Boston, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Islanders at Columbus, 7 p.m.
New Jersey at Montreal, 7:30 p.m.
Chicago at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Florida at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Nashville at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
San Jose at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Pittsburgh at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Getty Image
The most-decorated cast member in The Fast and the Furious — the first installment in the best film series to feature a scene where a car jumps from one skyscraper into another — was either Blockbuster Entertainment Award nominee Vin Diesel or Ja Rule, who won Single of the Year at the 2001 Source Hip-Hop Music Award for “Put It on Me.”
The most-decorated cast member in The Fate of the Furious, the eighth installment in the best film series to feature 28-mile runways, is either Charlize Theron, who's been nominated for two Oscars (winning once), or Helen Mirren, who's been nominated for four Oscars (winning once), or Ludacris, who's been nominated for 17 Grammys (winning three times).
That's quite an evolution — there are no Oscar winners in the seventh Police Academy movie, Mission to Moscow (which like The Fate of the Furious, also takes place in Russia). But by the time we get to the inevitable 10th Fast and the Furious film, which will probably take place in space, or soon after, there should be another Oscar winner in the cast: Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson.
I think I've always known this, that the guy who used to ask wrestling fans if they could smell what they were cooking deserves the same acknowledgment that's been bestowed to Marlon Brando, Gene Hackman, and Sidney Poitier, but I didn't realize it until about three-fourths of the way through Fate. It's a scene I've seen a million times before: The protagonist gives a speech about how everyone needs to come together to defeat the enemy, or whatever. I usually tune out whenever this happens, which explains why I don't remember most of Buffy the Vampire Slayer‘s seventh. But during Fate, when it's The Rock's Luke Hobbs asking Little Nobody if he's going to “saddle up, be a man, and save the goddamn world” (it's normally Dominic Toretto's job to fire up the troops, but they turned to the Dark Side), I wanted to give them a standing ovation. Though not before doing 200 squats, 100 pushups, and going back in time to pick a fight with my middle school bully. The scene works for the same reason the entire Fast and the Furious franchise works — everyone is utterly convincing in their conviction — but unlike Diesel, whose self-seriousness can be a momentum-killing drag, The Rock gives their speech with a slight wink. It's not ironic, but they know the kind of movie he's in, and they ably play the part of the superhero strongman who's also a loving father. Like the best actors, he's in complete control of the character.
The Rock makes me a believer, and I believe they should win an Oscar.
It's probably not going to happen any time soon, though. Johnson's next movies are, in some order: Baywatch (based on the corny syndicated TV show about attractive people running in slow-motion on the beach), Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle (his character is named Dr. Smolder Bravestone), Rampage (adapted from the giant monsters vs. tall buildings video game), Skyscraper (more tall buildings), Shazam! (“Kneel at their feet or get crushed by their boot”), San Andreas 2 (will there be another earthquake, or maybe a monsoon this time?), Jungle Cruise (yes, like the Disneyland ride), Journey 3: From the Earth to the Moon (yes, like the MOON), and Doc Savage (the pulpiest of pulp heroes). I am going to see every one of those films, and more than likely enjoy all of them, but they're not going to receive award show acknowledgement, except from the MTV Movie Awards. But — and, please, hear me out now — why?
TOKYO (AP) — Charles Jenkins, a U.S Army deserter to North Korea who married a Japanese abductee and lived in Japan after their release, has died. They were 77.
A group representing families of Japanese abductees to North Korea said Tuesday that Jenkins died the day before.
Jenkins, of Rich Square, North Carolina, was found collapsed outside their home in Sado, northern Japan, rushed to a hospital and later pronounced dead. The cause of death wasn't released.
Jenkins disappeared in January 1965 while patrolling along the Demilitarized Zone dividing North and South Korea. They came to Japan in 2004 to be with their wife Hitomi Soga, who was kidnapped to North Korea in 1978 but allowed to visit home in 2002 and stayed. The two met in North Korea and had two daughters.
While autonomous cars are expected to ultimately be safer, they face a challenge in trying to adjust for unpredictable behavior. In this case, the woman was crossing the street outside of a crosswalk.
(Here is a brief guide to the way these cars operate.)
_____
Photo
• Syrian propaganda videos showed President Bashar al-Assad driving a Honda from Damascus to eastern Ghouta, the suburb that has been under siege for almost five years.
In bypassing the news media, Mr. Assad delivered an alternative view of the war, one in which they are assured and in charge.
Separately, a young English woman's idealism took them to Syria, and to their death. Anna Campbell, 26, died defending the Kurdish-led region of Rojava, whose leaders advocate equal rights for women.
_____
Photo
• President Trump unveiled an opioid plan that includes a push for the death penalty for dealers but was vague on details.
Separately, they are said to be considering reshuffling their legal team to more aggressively take on the special counsel's Russia inquiry.
At least online, intelligence agency and law enforcement targets of President Trump's insult-laden attacks are starting to strike back, sometimes in unusually harsh terms.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Morning Briefing What you need to know to start your day, delivered to your inbox. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Business
Photo
• Picture a leader. Most people will draw a man, not a woman. Researchers are investigating the reasons there's such a gender gap in the recognition of leadership potential.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
• A European plan to tax digital companies on where they generate revenue could hit Silicon Valley giants hard.
• With cheap flights becoming increasingly popular, Air France wants to let travelers know that flying doesn't have to be a bare-bones experience.
• Here's a snapshot of global markets.
Market Snapshot View Full Overview
In the News
Photo
• Meet Luigi Di Maio, a 31-year-old college dropout, who may be in line to become Italy's next prime minister. [The New York Times]
• A junior U.S. officer, not top military officials, approved the botched combat mission in Niger last fall that left American and Nigerien forces dead, an unreleased Pentagon report says. [The New York Times]
• Armed conflict in the Democratic Republic of Congo has left 13 million people in a humanitarian crisis, double the number over the last year. [Reuters]
• Israel accused a 24-year-old French consular worker of smuggling guns into the West Bank from Gaza for financial gain. [The New York Times]
• Four bombings this month in Austin, Tex., have killed two people and injured four and put the state capital on high alert. [The New York Times]
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
• In Spain, a dispute over whether to exhume the body of Gonzalo Queipo de Llano, the civil war military commander, reflects divisions that still linger today. [The New York Times]
• In Austria, a far-right push to roll back smoking bans in restaurants and cafes has stirred more than the usual consternation. [The New York Times]
• And a photo of 38 scientists from a whale biology conference in 1971 identified all but the lone woman. Internet sleuths tracked them down. [The New York Times]
Smarter Living
Tips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.
Photo
• Ever tried and failed to just stop thinking about doing something? Of course you have. Here's why it fails.
• Fun fact: The shape of your ear affects the way you hear.
• Recipe of the day: Homemade fried chicken on a weeknight? Yes.
Noteworthy
Photo
• A study shows the punishing reach of racism in the U.S. White boys who grow up rich are likely to remain so, but not black boys. (No such gap shows up between white and black girls.)
• Brian Eno and other pioneering songwriters use virtual reality headsets to take their audience “inside” the music.
• The fashion industry is suddenly embracing more diversity. We spoke to some of the models who are changing the catwalk.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
• The Basque town of Astigarraga has 6,000 residents and an astonishing 19 cider houses.
Backstory
Photo
Today, we end with a personal note:
Since these briefings' inception over a year ago, this has been the question I have been asked the most:
“How do you know what Europeans want to read?”
That's a fair question for a journalist, albeit a European one, who has spent most of their adult life in Asia, and still is there.
It is also a legitimate question for a U.S. newspaper at a time in which American news cycles are focused on the twists and turns of a tumultuous presidency.
So, here's what we do:
Every day, we spend hours poring over correspondents' dispatches and news reports from across Europe, from Iceland to Turkey.
In conversations with editors, we seek to distill wider trends from the day-to-day politics and give you what you need to know to start your day.
Of course, the result has often been a compromise. Is it flawed? Always.
But that's the rule for all early drafts of history.
My last briefing is today's. I'd like to invite you to keep reading, keep debating and keep challenging assumptions. Thank you for your time! Now enjoy your morning coffee.
_____
Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online.
Check out this page to find a Morning Briefing for your region. (In addition to our European edition, we have Australian, Asian and U.S. editions.)
Sign up here to receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights, and here's our full range of free newsletters.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
What would you like to see here? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes.com.
Now Playing: Last Dog Adopted During Shelter Clear-Out Gets Warm Farewell
Now Playing: 2 Dead, 2 Injured in Shooting Outside Rapper Meek Mill Concert in Connecticut
Now Playing: Search Resumes for Plane With 6 on Board That Disappeared Over Lake Erie
Now Playing: The Fray, Emeli SandÃ© Donate Coats on 'GMA'
Now Playing: Court Reinstates Kennedy Cousin's Murder Conviction
Now Playing: New Year's Eve Flights Collide Midair Over Texas
Now Playing: Authorities Question How 2 High-Profile Stunts Were Able to Take Place on New Year's Day
Now Playing: Artic Blast on Deck for Millions of Americans
Now Playing: Mid-Air Crash of 2 Small Planes Leaves 3 People Dead
Now Playing: Controversial Court Case in the Death of 5-Year-Old Girl in Texas
Now Playing: Mariah Carey's New Year's Eve Stage Disaster in Times Square
Now Playing: Family Takes Picture in Front of Street Signs as Annual Tradition
Now Playing: Air Travelers Accidentally Leave Holiday Gifts Behind as They Head Home
Now Playing: Police Night Vision Cameras Record Rooftop Arrests of Home Invasion Suspects
Now Playing: In Memoriam for December 2016
Now Playing: Brazile and Gingrich Reflect on 2016 Presidential Election
Now Playing: US Prepares for Donald Trump's Inauguration
Now Playing: Key Court Battles to Expect in 2017
Now Playing: Security Officials on High Alert for New Year's Eve
Democrats, media, and the aggregate DOJ/FBI intelligence community are finally seeing accountability. With the HPSCI memo now in the rear-view mirror, and the content in the bloodstream of the U.S. electorate, Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley is next.
Toward the end of December, the FBI provided the Senate Judiciary Committee, Chuck Grassley, with FBI investigative documents (likely FD-302's) from their contacts with Christopher Steele. According to most reasonable timing we can discover Steele met with FBI officials sometime around October 1st, 2016.
From the U.K. lawsuit against Christopher Steele (pdf here), Steele admits to having shopped the Clinton-Steele dossier to U.S. media outlets “in person” in late September (New York Times, WaPo, New Yorker and CNN), and mid-October, 2016 (New York Times, WaPo, and Yahoo News), per instructions from Glenn Simpson (Fusion GPS):
(Source – Page #8, pdf)
Additionally, in late October, 2016, Christopher Steele briefed Mother Jones via Skype.
According to the released HPSCI intelligence memo, the FBI sought a FISA application based on the Steele Dossier on October 21st, 2016. From those UK court records at least two briefings with reporters, containing five outlets, took place prior to the FBI using the Clinton-Steele dossier in their FISA application.
The “late September” briefings with the New York Times, Washington Post, Yahoo News, New Yorker and CNN took place prior to Christopher Steele meeting with FBI officials early October. The implication therein is that the FBI had to know prior to their October 21st, 2016, court application that the information they were presenting to the FISA court was being heavily shopped to media outlets. This would be immediately disqualifying.
However, in yesterday's released HPSCI memo, it is noted that Christopher Steele lied to the FBI about those media engagements taking place. See:
The HPSCI memo notes the FBI relationship with Christopher Steele was terminated after the FISA application (Oct. 21st, 2016), as a result of the Mother Jones article from October 30th, 2016. Media contact by an FBI material witness is immediately disqualifying.
The question is: did the FBI submit the FISA application under false pretenses? Did the FBI actually know Christopher Steele was shopping the dossier to the media prior to their FISA court submission?
The HPSCI memo gives the FBI the benefit of doubt by presuming the FBI were unaware or “lied to“. The FD-302's (FBI investigative interview notes), which appear to have been turned over to Senate Chairman Chuck Grassley, would contain the evidence to support the FBI being duped – OR – show the FBI knew, and proceeded in using the dossier despite disqualifying knowledge of media involvement.
The answers to those important questions appears to be the looming in the FBI classified documents behind the Grassley criminal referral.
In an effort to get the answer to those questions into sunlight; and with the understanding that Chairman Grassley has the FBI documents; Grassley has produced a memo for declassification that facilitates understanding how the FBI used the Clinton-Steele dossier.
Like the underlying documents behind the HPSCI (Nunes) memo, the Grassley memo cannot declassify the underlying information (ie. the FBI FD-302's). However, unlike the process in the House, Senator Grassley cannot declassify the memo and submit it for public review without approval from the DOJ, Rod Rosenstein, and FBI Director Christopher Wray.
On January 5th, 2018, The Grassley Memo approach surfaces. Grassley issues a statement on the reason for the criminal referral. They let's us know that they ALSO have a classified memo that they are trying to get released! Unlike Nunes they need to go through DOJ:
January 24th, 2018, Grassley Speech: “Hiding From Tough Questions” – In their 17 minute speech Grassley reveals important details about their investigation into Steele and the FBI.
Thanks to the brilliant work of DaveNYviii we can walk through this carefully, and watch the outline in a logical sequence.
FIRST – The Criminal Referral:
https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
SECOND – The Discrepancies: “If those [FBI] documents are not true, and there are serious discrepancies that are no fault of Mr. Steele, then we have another problem—an arguably more serious one.
53) The Discrepancies
“If those [FBI] documents are not true, and there are serious discrepancies that are no fault of Mr. Steele, then we have another problem—an arguably more serious one. #ReleaseTheMemo pic.twitter.com/nHWB7L7M4G — TrumpSoldier (@DaveNYviii) January 31, 2018
https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
THIRD – The Grassley Memo: “Judiciary Cmte has access to the same information that House Intel Cmte saw before drafting ITS SUMMARY MEMO. Our committee doesn't have the same authority to release classified information. We have to rely on the agency to review & potentially DECLASSIFY OUR MEMO”:
54) Grassley Memo!
“Judiciary Cmte has access to the same information that House Intel Cmte saw before drafting ITS SUMMARY MEMO. Our cmte doesn't have the same authority to release classified information. We have to rely on the agency to review & potentially DECLASSIFY OUR MEMO” pic.twitter.com/BLtSXNdoim — TrumpSoldier (@DaveNYviii) January 31, 2018
https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
In their speech, Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley lets us know that unlike Devin Nunes and the HPSCI they have to get agency approval (DOJ) to declassify their memo.
Chairman Nunes had the clearance and a process to release their memo to the Full House, Executive Branch and then to the public. Senator Grassley does not have that same process or clearance availability… Yet.
SNc Channels:
Search
About Salem-News.com
Zip Weather
Weather Forecast
Apr-15-2017 21:55 TweetFollow @OregonNews Lebanon's Outlawing of Palestinian Civil Rights Update on the fighting at Ein al-Hilwe Palestinian camp in Lebanon
Another ceasefire begins in Ein al-Hilwe Palestinian camp in Lebanon.
Photo by Mohammad Attawi 4/13/2017
Palestine | Israel | History | Politics | Fatal | Most Commented on
Articles for April 15, 2017 | Articles for April 16, 2017
Photo
President Trump's statements against the World Trade Organization hurt America first. The president is no friend to the global trade body, which is hunkering down for its biennial confab. Reforms are needed, but America has won most of the complaints it has brought to the global trade body, including against China.
Mr. Trump's trade chief, Robert E. Lighthizer, will emphasize national sovereignty over multilateralism at meetings in Buenos Aires this week. Their push for W.T.O. reforms and fair trade policies has tamped down expectations for this year's gathering, when reducing agricultural subsidies is on the agenda. During their presidential campaign, Mr. Trump threatened to pull the United States out of the W.T.O., and they have repeatedly said the country has been treated unfairly.
Yet the United States, the most frequent W.T.O. complainant, has won more than 90 percent of its cases over the last 20 years. China has been a frequent target. In 2015, China eliminated quotas for rare earths used in mobile phones after the organization declared the system violated trade policies. The United States followed up with a complaint against Chinese quotas on raw materials used in the steel and auto industries.
The Trump administration is also undermining the organization's dispute-settlement system by blocking the appointment of new judges for its seven-member appellate body. With another judge's term ending this month, the panel will go down to four members, with three of them needed to decide cases. That could slow down United States cases, such as a complaint on Chinese quotas on wheat, rice and corn advocated by American farmers.
Mr. Lighthizer has a point in calling for the W.T.O. to change. The unwieldy body has not been able to update global trade rules since the mid-1990s. America has also lost 90 percent of cases when it's a complaint defendant, but that's because it often doesn't adhere to rulings, spurring multiple decisions on the same issue. In one case, the United States declined to address cotton subsidies for 10 years after a 2004 W.T.O. ruling.
China's W.T.O. membership also hasn't stopped it from dumping steel and other products. But Beijing tends to adhere to the organization's rulings, making it at least somewhat effective in curbing unfair trade practices. Mr. Trump's weakening of the body has consequences for United States business, too.
MEXICO CITY (AP) — Royal Dutch Shell has won nine of the 29 deep-water oil exploration blocks Mexico put up for bid in the Gulf of Mexico.
The Anglo-Dutch oil giant won four of those bids in alliance with other companies. Shell was the biggest winner in the bidding round, in which 10 blocks drew no bids.
Malaysia's PC Carigali won seven blocks alone or in alliances, and Mexico's state-owned Pemex won four blocks, two of them as part of an alliance.
The head of Mexico's National Oil Commission said Wednesday the bidding ensures that nearly two dozen deep-water exploration wells would be drilled as part of billions of dollars in investment.
Shell said in a statement México "is ready to successfully compete in attracting investment in the oil and gas sector."
WWE Smackdown Live
Previously on the Best and Worst of WWE Smackdown Live: Team Hell No got back together for the first time since 2013. Then on Raw, Dr. Shelby showed up. If The Shield shows up to Extreme Rules wearing swat gear and dog masks, we've officially gone back in time. Hey, maybe CM Punk's there!
Remember to follow With Spandex on Twitter and like us on Facebook if you haven't already. You can also follow me on Twitter @mrbrandonstroud for pretty much just wrestling stuff. And remember to check out our With Spandex podcast, McMahonsplaining.
Hit those share buttons! Please spread the word about the column on Facebook, Twitter, and whatever other social media outlets you use. Be sure to leave a comment in the comment section below as well. Your help and participation means a lot.
And now, the Best and Worst of WWE Smackdown Live for July 7, 2018.
Russia's anti-monopoly service in September 2015 considered Google in breach of a competition law after a complaint by Yandex of the competitive advantage for Google on Android phones (AFP Photo/JUSTIN SULLIVAN)
Moscow (AFP) - Google on Monday agreed to pay a nearly $8 million fine and open its Android mobiles to competing search engines in Russia in an antitrust settlement reached after two years.
The deal with Russia's anti-monopoly service (FAS) came after Yandex, the country's biggest search engine, complained Google had an unfair advantage by pre-loading its search engine on Android phones.
"We are pleased to announce that we have now reached a commercial agreement with Yandex and a settlement with FAS that meets the interests of all parties," said Google in a comment emailed to AFP.
For Android devices already in use in Russia, Google will work out a way for consumers to choose a default search engine after an update via a new widget that will be developed, the watchdog said.
The FAS in September 2015 considered Google in breach of a competition law after the complaint by Yandex of the competitive advantage for Google on Android phones.
In August 2016, FAS fined Google 438 million rubles (over $7.8 million) which was part of the settlement reached on Monday.
The arbitration court in Moscow approved the deal which lasts for six years and nine months, Russian news agencies said.
Yandex CEO Arkady Volozh called the settlement "an important day for Russian consumers" as "millions of Russian Android users will be offered a choice of search engines."
SAN DIEGO , Aug. Cubic Transportation Systems (CTS), a business unit of Cubic Corporation (NYSE CUB), the University of Melbourne and its project partners received the "OpenGov Recognition of Excellence" award from OpenGov Asia for the development of the Australian Integrated Multimodal EcoSystem (AIMES), formerly known as the National Connected Multimodal Transport Test Bed. AIMES is Australia's first large scale, live ecosystem for implementing and testing connected transport technologies. The award recognizes innovative and disruptive use of technology in the public sector and highlights the use of information communication technology to make government smarter, more agile, efficient and transparent.
"Cubic is delighted that OpenGov Asia recognized the merits and promise of the AIMES test bed and wishes to congratulate the University of Melbourne and all our project partners on a job well done," said Tom Walker , senior vice president and managing director, CTS Asia-Pacific. "AIMES is a vital ecosystem for testing new connective technologies and it has been providing tangible benefits to all stakeholders from the day it was first implemented."
Since going live in April 2017 , the test bed has been collecting data on public, private, freight and active transportation to support the strategic decision making in improving traffic planning, public transport efficiency and pedestrian flows, while paving the way for the introduction of connected and autonomous vehicles. Using thousands of intelligent sensors positioned on roads and transportation infrastructure across 6-square-kilometers in central Melbourne , the AIMES test bed will provide unprecedented insight of users on various ways to manage transport systems and road networks more efficiently.
Cubic signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the University of Melbourne in October 2016 to deliver the project. Cubic's transport management platform sits at the core of the test bed, providing an enhanced system for data usage and analysis by transportation planners.
The award was accepted by Majid Sarvi , professor in transport for smart cities, on behalf of the University of Melbourne and various AIMES partners.
About Cubic Corporation
Cubic Corporation designs, integrates and operates systems, products and services focused in the transportation, defense training and secure communications markets. Cubic Transportation Systems is a leading integrator of payment and information technology and services to create intelligent travel solutions for transportation authorities and operators. Cubic Global Defense is a leading provider of live, virtual, constructive and game-based training solutions, special operations and intelligence for the U.S. and allied forces. Cubic Mission Solutions provides networked Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (C4ISR) capabilities for defense, intelligence, security and commercial missions. For more information about Cubic, please visit the company's website at www.cubic.com or on Twitter @CubicCorp.
View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cubic-and-partners-recognized-for-innovative-and-disruptive-use-of-technology-in-melbourne-300502739.html
SOURCE Cubic Corporation
http://www.cubic.com
Like the illegal dice games that drive the story along in Guys and Dolls, you win some and you lose some in this unique production.
It's the first time in this country that it's been staged as an all-black performance and is never less than entertaining throughout, even if it comes across as a play with music rather than a full-blown musical.
The action shifts north of writer Damon Runyan's original heart of Broadway settings, into the deepest Harlem, and loses much of that quirky Runyanese dialogue along the way, to be replaced by an authentic local patois.
Their characters come richly adorned in equally vivid costumes and the large cast's singing, acting and dancing talents are abundantly obvious.
It's just that Frank Loesser's evergreen music and lyrics seem to be treated almost as an afterthought.
One or two key songs miss out on their own in-built character. Another, Bushel and a Peck, goes missing altogether, while the provocative Pet Me Poppa is revived for this production.
Nothing ever quite achieves the show-stopping style of Sit Down You're Rockin' The Boat.
It's high-quality Christmas entertainment but musical theatre purists may not quite see it as the gift they promised themselves.
It runs until January 27.
David Upton
CHICAGO (AP) — Notre Dame and Wisconsin will play at Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wisconsin, in 2020 and Soldier Field in Chicago in 2021.
The schools made a joint announcement on Monday in Chicago. The two-game series marks the first meeting between the Fighting Irish and Badgers since 1964.
Notre Dame athletic director Jack Swarbrick says the games will be part of school's Shamrock Series in which the Irish regularly play at a neutral site and break out alternative uniforms.
"These things are always a Rubik's Cube when you're trying to figure out how to put them together," Swarbrick said. "One piece of it moves, then you've got to go back and try and refigure it. We had to stick with it. In so many regards, it came together exactly as we wanted it."
The first game will be played at the home of the Green Bay Packers, on Oct. 3, 2020. Lambeau Field is named after Curly Lambeau, the former Notre Dame player who went on to found, coach and play for the Green Bay Packers.
The site will shift to the home of the Chicago Bears on Sept. 25, 2021. The Lambeau Field game will count as a Wisconsin home game and the Soldier Field game will be part of Notre Dame's NBC television package.
"We at Wisconsin are honored to have the privilege to play a program with the rich tradition of Notre Dame. It's been a while in the works. It's taken a while to put this together, but I'm very excited about it," said Wisconsin athletic director Barry Alvarez, who was an assistant coach at Notre Dame under Lou Holtz in the late 1980s.
The schools are located a four-hour drive apart, but haven't played since Notre Dame beat Wisconsin 31-7 in what was the first game as Fighting Irish head coach for recently deceased Ara Parseghian.
"There are so many connections here. Especially meaningful for me in this month to have this announcement come shortly after the passing of Ara Parseghian," Swarbrick said.
The teams have met 14 times overall with the Irish leading 8-6.
The Badgers most recently played at Lambeau Field to start the 2016 season and beat LSU 16-14. It was just the second college football game ever played at Lambeau and the first matching Division I teams.
Wisconsin last played at Solider in Field in 2011 against Northern Illinois and won 49-7. Notre Dame has played 12 games at Soldier Field, most recently in 2012 when the Irish routed Miami 41-3 in a Shamrock Series matchup. The Irish are 10-0-2 at Soldier Field.
___
More college football coverage: http://collegefootball.ap.org/
Re: Dying a good death with dignity (The St. Catharines Standard July 28)
We are blessed to have The Stabler Centre and it's oh-so-wonderful staff and volunteers. What Hospice Niagara provides our community goes way beyond those 10 beds, meeting the needs of those with a life-limiting illness - and their loved ones - with a day program, home visits, grief work, and more. Much more.
However there is a missing piece. Sadly, it denies its residents their legal right to choose medical assistance in dying (MAID). That's wrong. You see, it's their life, their choice.
Miriam Gersho,
Chair
Niagara Chapter, Dying With Dignity Canada
Greenspace being sacrificed for money
So like good boys and girls we are to share in the joyous fact that another chunk of Niagara region is going under the shovel.
Thorold Mayor Ted Luciani is ecstatic Toronto people are coming and they say “developers are wasting no time with current projects” - translation , they're slapping them up.
Greed has replaced commonsense.
The tax base is the creed of the day, politicians spout it steadily.
Wildlife, nature are not important, it's money folks, money.
Pelham, once a unique special place, has been transformed by Mayor Dave Augustyn into a predictable concrete sterile place. Wainfleet Mayor April Jeffs, along with Couns. Ted Hessels and Terry Gilmore, recently gave a 41-unit condo development the green light on property which was home to endangered Fowler toads, bald eagles, etc. Lowbanks, Fenwick, Port Robinson and Welland are all being bulldozed under.
Take note that in Niagara politicians' puff pieces there is no mention of destroying wildlife habitats, green spaces, healthy living for those of us who have paid taxes for years. No, all these shortsighted politicians continually discuss is the “tax base.”
Toronto people choose their way of life to make fortunes in the city and now like the ants running to the land of plenty the grasshopper worked so hard for, they will overtake and devour what we once were.
Forget your children and grandchildren's right to a healthy happy future, it is about the tax base.
Faye Suthons
Wainfleet
By ELAINE KURTENBACH
AP Business Writer
Asian shares rose Thursday after U.S. stocks recovered most of their sharp losses from a day earlier than jitters over Italy's political turmoil subsided.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 index gained 0.9 percent to 22,220.69 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index jumped 0.8 percent to 30,282.91. The Shanghai Composite index rebounded 1.4 percent to 3,083.49 and Australia's S&P ASX 200 climbed 0.5 percent to 6,014.00. South Korea's Kospi advanced 0.5 percent to 2,421.18. Shares rose in Taiwan and were mostly higher in Southeast Asia.
WALL STREET: Banks and energy companies surged Wednesday as investors reversed course on hopes that Italy will be able to avoid a new round of elections. Stocks had plunged the previous day as investors expected the Italian gridlock would be resolved with new elections that could have turned into a yes-or-no referendum deciding whether Italy would continue to use the euro. The S&P 500 index jumped 1.3 percent to 2,724.01 and the Dow Jones industrial average also climbed 1.3 percent to 24,667.78. The Nasdaq composite gained 0.9 percent to 7,462.45. The Russell 2000 index surged 1.5 percent, closing at a record high of 1,647.99. Italy's FTSE MIB stock index climbed 2.1 percent after a 2.7 percent drop a day earlier. Prices for Italian government bonds also rose, sending yields down following a huge surge the day before.
CHINA MANUFACTURING: Chinese factory activity grew at its fastest rate in eight months on stronger demand, a survey showed Thursday, in a positive sign for the world's No. 2 economy despite trade tensions with the U.S. The official purchasing managers' index, or PMI, rose to 51.9 in May from 51.4 the previous month. Readings above 50 indicate expansion, while lower numbers indicate contraction on the index's 100-point scale.
ANALYST'S VIEWPOINT: "Today's strong set of official PMIs tell a reassuring story about current growth momentum. However, we will have to wait for more reliable indicators to be published in order to get a clearer picture of the health of China's economy," Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics said in a commentary.
CHINA TRADE: Beijing criticized the U.S. for renewing a threat to raise duties on some imports from China. At the same time, officials from the U.S. and European Union held talks on tariffs the Trump administration has proposed on European steel and aluminum. European Union negotiators seemed pessimistic and said they expected the U.S. to announce a final decision Thursday. China and the EU have both said they will react to new tariffs imposed by the U.S. with duties of their own, which has raised the prospect of greater tensions and the possibility of trade wars.
CURRENCIES: The euro rose to $1.1666 from $1.1664. The dollar fell to 108.78 yen from 108.89 yen.
ENERGY: U.S. crude oil slipped 11 cents to $68.10 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It jumped 2.2 percent on Wednesday to $68.21 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 21 cents to $77.51 per barrel. It added 2.8 percent to $77.50 a barrel in London. Oil prices fell 7.6 percent in five days following reports OPEC countries and Russia might start producing more oils soon.
___
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay contributed to this report. They can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . Their work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Lonzo Ball was in a giving mood on Monday. The rookie out of UCLA racked up six assists during the first quarter of the Los Angeles Lakers' road game against the Indiana Pacers at Bankers Life Fieldhouse—none more emphatic than this nifty pick-and-roll dish to Julius Randle for the thunderous slam.
Lonzo touches it over for the Randle slam! That's 6️⃣ 1st quarter assists for the @Lakers point guard!#LakeShow pic.twitter.com/74beWSDWMh — NBA (@NBA) March 19, 2018
That was one of three assists Randle helped Zo accrue in the period. Coming into this contest, the Kentucky product had accounted for 45 of Ball's helpers—the fourth-most of any Laker, behind Brook Lopez (68), Kyle Kuzma (53) and Kentavious Caldwell-Pope (49), per NBA.com.
WASHINGTON — The United States would “take out” any North Korean missile seen to be heading for American soil, Defence Secretary Jim Mattis said Monday.
They declared that any such North Korean attack could lead to war.
Responding to reporters' questions about North Korea's assertion that it might soon fire four ballistic missiles into the waters off Guam, a U.S. territory in the Pacific, Mattis made clear they did not want to be seen as escalating the tensions.
“If they fire at the United States, it could escalate into war very quickly,” they said. “Yes, that's called war, if they shoot at us.”
Later they said, “If they shoot at the United States, I'm assuming they hit the United States. If they do that, it's game on.”
Mattis said U.S. missile detection and tracking systems can determine swiftly whether a missile launched from North Korea is headed for U.S. soil. North Korea said last week it is considering launching four missiles to land just short of Guam.
If a missile is judged to be headed for the island, Mattis said: “We'll take it out.”
If the U.S. determines the missile would fall into the sea short of Guam, they said “it becomes an issue we take up however the president chooses.”
The U.S. has missile defences on Guam, at sea and in the continental U.S. that are designed to shoot down ballistic missiles.
Mattis was asked whether decisions had already been made about how to respond in the event a North Korean missile lands in the waters off Guam.
“You can't make all those kinds of decision in advance,” they said. “There's a host of things going on. There are allies that we consult with.”
Mattis was reluctant to speak in detail about how the Trump administration will handle future North Korean missile launches.
“I need a certain amount of ambiguity on this” to prevent North Korea from knowing too much about U.S. planning, they said.
A Christmas tradition that goes back more than 30 years returns to Queensway Free Methodist Church in Niagara Falls this weekend.
Those who drive by the Dorchester Road church Sunday between 10 a.m. and 5 p.m. will notice a live outdoor nativity where church members take on the roles of Joseph, Mary, wise men and shepherds, as well as a menagerie of animals.
Mary-Joe Marcon, a member of the congregation who organizes the annual event along with their husband Tony, said it's about getting the word out there “as to what the real reason for Christmas is.”
“Jesus was born on Christmas day, and that's why we celebrate Christmas,” they said.
Marcon said an area will be set up for children to feed the animals.
“We also offer a hot apple cider and cookies inside,” they said, adding the event attracts about a few hundred people.
“They enjoy seeing the live animals, and just the whole idea of what we're celebrating.”
Marcon said about 30 people are involved in making the event a reality.
They said the event and the church have become synonymous with one another.
“They'll say, ‘what church do you go to?' and you say Queensway Free Methodist, and they say, ‘oh, where is that?' and I'll say, ‘you know, they have the live animals at Christmas time and we have the nativity scene,' right away they know what I'm talking about.”
Marcon said the event is free to attend, and will take place regardless of what the weather will be like Sunday.
The church has hosted the event in all kinds of weather in the past, from blizzard-like conditions to unseasonably warm temperatures.
rspiteri@postmedia.com
twitter.com/rayspiteri
What: Live nativity
When: Dec. 17, 10 a.m.-5 p.m.
Where: Queensway Free Methodist Church, 4397 Dorchester Rd., Niagara Falls
A group is taking another swing at getting an issue on the ballot that would cap payday loan interest rates. The initiative was delayed after the attorney general's office rejected the first set of petitions.
Payday lending reform takes second chance
Ohioans for Payday Loan Reform say they've looked over all the comments provided by the attorney general's office and they're confident that their revised petition language will be accepted.
The measure would cap interest rates of payday loans at 28 percent and close any loopholes. The group's Carl Ruby is confident if they can get it on the ballot, voters will pass it.
“People are relatively familiar with it; they're frustrated that they voted on this and what they approved hasn't been effective, so they're eager to see something that works," Ruby says.
Voters approved a cap in 2008 but the industry has used other avenues to raise the interest rates. Payday lenders say this proposal, which is also in a House bill, would wipe out their storefronts in Ohio. Ruby says that's not true.
A severe storm system is moving across the U.S. this evening, leaving destruction in its wake.In Limestone County, Alabama , photos posted by the sheriff's office showed multiple homes damaged by the weather . The county reported that there were several downed trees as well.In Jacksonville, Alabama, the storms caused significant damage, according to Chris Roberts, assistant fire chief with the Jacksonville Fire Department, who said multiple structures were mangled, and trees and power lines were down across the city.Roberts added that there had been some reports of people trapped, though they haven't been confirmed.He encouraged people to stay out of the area.Across Alabama, 15,000 were without power, according to Alabama Power.Several tornadoes were expected in the area this evening. Other potential threats included hail up to 3 inches in diameter and 70 mph winds.The storm system is moving east, stretching from the Northern Plains to the Gulf Coast.
JOHNSON CITY, TN (WJHL) – Standardized testing begins this week and students around the region have been getting ready for a different kind of test.
After an unsuccessful launch last year, TNReady tests are back with some new components that might be unfamiliar to some students.
While most state-level tests have been multiple-choice in the past, TNReady combines a variety of different types of questions in hopes to create a more complete assessment.
Some of these questions will require test takers to fill in the blank or choose multiple correct answers on one question.
Director of Instruction and Communications for Johnson City Schools Debra Bentley said they have been preparing students for this type of testing for the whole school year.
“One of the things that we do all year long is make sure that our assessments in the classroom match the types of items and expectations that the state standardized tests will have,” Bentley said.
They also pointed out that the changes in testing in Tennessee are aimed at preparing students for their future.
“TNReady will match very rigorous, very complex standards that certainly will prepare students for their college and career,” Bentley said.
Bentley urged parents to know the testing schedule for their students and to make sure that students get plenty of rest the night before their test and eat something before they come to school in the morning.
Despite the changes in the test, Bentley said that proper preparation in the classroom can lead to success during testing.
“If students have been assessed all year long in the way that they can be expected to be assessed on the state test then our students will be prepared,” they said.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All Rights Reserved.
According to a Wall Street Journal report, Carter Page was on the radar of the FBI since 2013 “when Russian spies made an attempt to recruit him.” However, for some undetermined reason the FBI waited until October 21st, 2016, to apply for Title I surveillance authority through the FISA court.
Additionally, according to their reporting, after FISC approval there were three more renewal applications for a total of four submissions to the FISA court. A source tells the Journal all four FBI requests were reviewed by four different judges:
[…] The memo describes the process by which the government got a secret warrant under the law that governs the secret court, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, for Mr. Page. […] At least two of those renewals occurred while Mr. Trump was president and at least one was authorized by a Justice Department official they appointed. A person familiar with the matter said that four separate federal judges approved the surveillance of Mr. Page, and all of those judges were appointed by Republican presidents. (link)
If this is factually correct it raises an interesting dynamic because there are not that many FISA Court Judges in Washington DC. [FISA Court Link]
♦Judge Rosemary M Collyer is the presiding FISA judge and was the signatory for the court's 99-page opinion written, April 2017, in the aftermath of the DOJ, FBI and NSA admissions to violating the FISA-702(16)(17) rules and procedures. [See Here]
♦Judge Rudolph Contreras is a FISA judge and the original DC circuit presiding judge who accepted the Mike Flynn plea (Dec. 1, 2017) and then ‘was recused' five days later. [See Here]
Accepting there are only three DC circuit judges: Rosemary Collyer, Rudolph Contreras and James Boasberg; and accepting that four different judges approved the DOJ/FBI application and renewals for Title I surveillance of Carter Page; it seems almost certain that Collyer and Contreras were involved in the Justice Department effort to identify Carter Page as an ‘American working on behalf of a foreign government'.
It would be ‘almost' impossible to have four separate engagements with the FISA court, and gain a different judge on each encounter. It would be entirely impossible to have four separate judges if the original application and all three subsequent renewals went through the same district. (There are only three judges in the DC district – making four separate judges impossible.) Something is entirely fishy about this.
Either the WSJ source is incorrect, or the greater likelihood is the DOJ was strategically approaching a different FISA judge each time.
Since 1851, obituaries in The New York Times have been dominated by white men. With Overlooked, we're adding the stories of remarkable people whose stories were untold by the newspaper.
By Eva Sohlman
The assassins hurled their first round of explosives as Czar Alexander II traveled in their carriage through the streets of St. Petersburg. The Czar survived, thanks to the carriage's armor. But Alexander made the fatal mistake of descending to the street and that's when the next bomb was thrown. They bled to death in hours.
The attackers on that March 13 in 1881 were led by Sophia L. Perovskaya, themselves an aristocrat and a descendant of Peter the Great. Perovskaya, 27, was soon arrested with four male co-conspirators from the radical organization called the People's Will and condemned to death by hanging.
They became known as Russia's first female terrorist, credited with pushing the empire down the road to revolution and later given the mantle of martyrdom. Tolstoy called them an “ideological Joan of Arc.”
Golden State Warriors guard Stephen Curry (30) shoots against Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James during the second half of Game 1 of last year's NBA Finals in Oakland, Calif., on June 1, 2017. The Finals' rematch between the Cavs and Warriors begins tonight.
Apple's iOS 11.4 has left beta and is now officially available for public installation on compatible iPhones and iPads.
Two of the three major updates to iOS in 11.4 are centered around the HomePod, Apple's Siri-powered Amazon Echo competitor, adding features such as easier pairing and AirPlay 2-enabled speaker support.
The biggest change that business users should be aware of is the addition of iCloud storage for iMessages. Users who choose to store iMessages in iCloud will free up device space and automatically sync iMessages across devices, but there is a trade-off: iCloud has been hacked before.
The more personal, or sensitive business, information you store in iCloud the more you stand to lose if your account is compromised.
Storing iMessages in iCloud: How to do it safely
iOS users who want to store their iMessages in iCloud can do so with very few steps: Just open the Settings app, tap on your name, then on iCloud, and make sure the Messages option is toggled on. iOS will then offload all your iMessages to your iCloud storage space and you should see some freed up storage pretty quickly.
If your iCloud account were to be hacked, however, the attacker could gain access to all your iMessage conversations as well as the attachments they contain.
There's no surefire way to prevent your iCloud account from being compromised: If an attacker finds a backdoor in Apple's security (which happens with some degree of regularity) they will gain access, like it or not.
SEE: Research: Defenses, response plans, and greatest concerns about cybersecurity in an IoT and mobile world (Tech Pro Research)
That doesn't mean you can't defend yourself. The simplest method is to enable two-factor authentication on your iCloud account. Two-factor authentication, like most other methods of cybersecurity, isn't foolproof but it's the best step you can take to avoid ending up like the dozens of celebrities who had their iCloud data stolen in 2014.
A good rule of thumb when it comes to personal cloud storage services like iCloud is to avoid storing anything truly confidential in it. For business users this can be a variety of things—proposals, internal use documents, and other records should only be stored in business-controlled cloud accounts.
Should businesses allow iCloud syncing for iMessages?
Businesses that use iOS should be wary of allowing users to sync iMessages to iCloud: It's convenient, but it's simply too great a risk for companies concerned with data security.
The reason why businesses should prevent iCloud users from syncing messages is a matter of Apple's repeated security failures over the past several years. As mentioned in an article on TechRepublic sister site ZDNet, Apple's reputation has taken a big hit in the past few years, and a lot of that is due to its sloppy coding and high-profile software bugs.
If Apple wants business users to trust it with sensitive data it has some work to do on the security front. Until then, protect yourself by being careful what information—including iMessages—are stored in iCloud.
You can read the full iOS 11.4 patch notes here.
The big takeaways for tech leaders:
iOS 11.4 has been released, and one of its major new features is the ability to sync iMessages to iCloud.
Given Apple's recent, and repeated, security failings, business users should avoid trusting sensitive information to iCloud: It's better to wait and see if Apple steps up its security game.
Get a roundup of the biggest Apple headlines by subscribing to our Apple Weekly newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
An offender who has failed to completely pay off £690 in court fines since September, 2014, claimed they had totally forgotten and it had completely slipped their mind.
Chesterfield magistrates' court heard on December 5 how Graham John Roberts, 29, of Manvers Road, Calow, Chesterfield, owed the court money after committing criminal damage and they also had a subsequent conviction for being drunk-and-disorderly from December 2014.
Roberts had been paying £30 a week and £330 had been paid leaving an outstanding £360 and a warrant had to be issued for their arrest.
They told the court: “I totally forgot about it. It completely passed my mind.”
Roberts added that they had been struggling because they were unemployed but they have since found work.
Magistrates ordered Roberts to pay £100 immediately and subsequently they must pay £30 a week.
Roberts was warned that people who allow fines payments to escalate and fail to pay can face custodial sentences.
Medical Discovery News is hosted by professors Norbert Herzog at Quinnipiac University, and David Niesel of the University of Texas Medical Branch. Learn more at www.medicaldiscoverynews.com.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) – The United States government should tell China it is changing the status quo in relations with Taiwan, former American Institute in Taiwan (AIT) Chairman Richard Bush said Wednesday.
Either the president of the U.S. or its secretary of state or its defense secretary should directly tell their Chinese counterpart that Washington had not been trying to change the status quo in cross-strait relations, Taiwan had not been trying either, but China had been, said Bush, who serves as director of the Center for Northeast Asian Policy at the Brookings Institution.
Beijing's moves damaged U.S.-China relations and did not help the country reach its aims toward Taiwan, the Liberty Times quoted Bush as saying at a seminar Wednesday.
U.S. administration officials should tell China it should reconsider its threats against Taiwan while Washington would be keeping a close watch, Bush said.
The former AIT chief and Asia expert was speaking at a seminar evaluating the first two years in power of President Tsai Ing-wen (蔡英文), where most participants agreed that Tsai had not been provoking China while they had mostly focused on domestic reform issues, the Liberty Times reported.
Another Taiwan expert, Bonnie Glaser of the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said the U.S. should join up with other countries in speaking up on the island's behalf, especially now that Taiwan was facing pressure from China against its diplomatic allies and against companies listing Taiwan as a separate country on their websites.
Bush said that the U.S. should place its own interest first and not be afraid of Beijing's reaction in defending interests shared with Taiwan, the Liberty Times reported.
John Bilderback
In the early 1970s, the Polynesian Voyaging Society was moved to craft Hokule'a — a performance accurate double-hull voyaging canoe built in the traditional style of the native people of the region. The intent was to prove that Polynesian people intentionally navigated throughout the Pacific in a concerted effort to find new lands and settle them. When it was built, Hokule'a was the first vessel of its kind to sail the seas in over 600 years, and they make their way without the benefit of compass, engine, or GPS. Since their launch in 1975, they have traveled as far as Japan and California. But, that simply wasn't enough.
In May 2014, Hokule'a launched from Hawaii to sail around the world to ports in New Zealand, Australia, Africa, and North and South America as part of the Malama Honua voyage. Its mission was to raise awareness of global sustainability practices. After seeing the ship at their local harbor, photographer John Bilderback, a Surfer Magazine senior staff photographer for twenty years, was inspired to collaborate with author Jennifer Allen on a book documenting the four-year voyage. They recorded Hokule'a's travels to 23 different countries, as well as their experiences in port. The book, Malama Honua: Hokule'a – A Voyage of Hope, forwards the narratives of crew members and master navigators, as well as local pioneers striving to maintain the planet in environmentally sound ways. It is, above all, the story of the connection between people and the planet.
Speaking to John Bilderback on the phone from their home in Hawaii, we asked about the years of work that went into creating this amazing text, including their time on the crew of Hokule'a. They also broke down their gear and what it takes to follow in their career footsteps.
John Bilderback
The book feels as much as a coffee table photo book as it is a text.
Yeah, it's unusual that way, isn't it? And going in, that was sort of hard to visualize, you know? I didn't know what the shape of this thing would be or anything about how it would be done so, it was hard. I go up in a helicopter and I'd have to line up Hokule'a and… say… the Sydney Opera House and I don't know if I'm trying to frame a long rectangle or a square or what I'm really shooting for. It was unusual in that way; it's kind of a hybrid between a photo book and a book of just text. But, I think we succeeded.
The editor and publisher get all the credit for its design. I couldn't imagine trying to lay out a design for a voyage that's gonna take place over four years. It's just such a big project. I come from a magazine background where our deadlines were every 30 days. This four-year deadline was a real, a real change.
Click image for a larger image
The opening event of the Spring Series starts this weekend (3-4 February) and offers the perfect opportunity for sailors of Olympic classes at all levels of racing to tune and test their skills against each other.
This weekend there will be racing in the: RS:X 9.5, RS:X 8.5, Nacra 17, Nacra 15, 470 Men, 470 Women, 470 Mixed and the Finn.
The second weekend of racing will also take place at WPNSA on the 10-11 March with the following Olympic classes participating: RS:X 9.5, RS:X 8.5, Nacra 17, Nacra 15 and the 2.4mR.
Online entries are open for the two weekends of Olympic class sailing this Spring, and entry on the day will also be accepted.
Enter online here and find all the information you need on the RYA Olympic Classes National Ranking Series, including NOR and entry information.
Follow Sailweb on Facebook - Click here
Follow Sailweb on Twitter - Click here
G New
2 February 2018 15:01 GMT
A Moscow court has upheld a 20-day jail term for opposition leader Alexei Navalny while police have searched their Moscow headquarters ahead of planned protests.
Navalny was handed the sentence Monday for calling for last week's unsanctioned protest in Nizhny Novgorod. They appealed the verdict to the Moscow City Court, which upheld it Friday.
Navalny has declared their intention to run for president in the March 2018 election, even though a criminal conviction they call politically motivated bars them from running.
The 41-year old anti-corruption crusader has organized several waves of protests this year, and another series of such demonstrations is set in nearly 80 Russian cities for Saturday, when President Vladimir Putin turns 65.
Putin hasn't yet declared their intention to seek re-election, but he's widely expected to run.
If you woke up this morning feeling extra dry, you're not alone.
Winter is notorious for stripping us of our natural moisture, whether you normally have oily skin, dry skin or even combination. We're all going through a little dry period when it comes to our faces.
Whether it's bracing the wintry elements while being outside, or even being stripped of moisture because you have the heat blasting indoors, face it: It's a tough couple of months for moisture.
But it's especially important to stay hydrated -- and not just on your body but on your face in particular. So along with naming our favorite face moisturizers under $70, we've also tapped a few beauty bloggers and fashion writers to tell us their favorite finds.
Glossier
"Glossier's Priming Moisturizer Rich ($35) is ballin' on a budget. It provides a luxe experience from the packaging to the actual product quality itself. Many opt to use this during the winter months (opposed to the brand's original priming moisturizer during spring/summer) because of its thickness and super hydrating properties, but I use it year-round because it's that good." - Morgan Pitts , representative for Glossier
Neutrogena
"Neutrogena Hydro Boost Water Gel ($18.99) goes on smooth and leaves your skin feeling full of moisture without any residue or heavy feel. Because it's more of a gel, it sets right into the skin and leaves it feeling bright and light!" - Kelly McCarthy , digital reporter at ABC News
IT Cosmetics
"IT Cosmetics Secret Sauce Anti-Aging moisturizer ($68) has been my go-to all winter. It works overtime to reduce discoloration, lines, and wrinkles. With key ingredients like anti-aging collagen, peptides, hyaluronic acid, vitamin C and licorice root, the secret really is in the sauce. - Ty Alexander , creator of Gorgeous in Grey
Shaffali
"My facialist at HeyDay spa recommended I try Shaffali Organic Orange Blossom Facial Moisture ($48) and I see why. If you have sensitive skin like me, it's great because it's organic and offers vitamin E, vitamin A and vitamin C. Plus, I only have to apply it once a day without it feeling heavy. I use it year-round, but during the winter months, I add one drop of carrot seed oil to make it last just a bit longer. Carrot seed oil also helps with anti-aging." - Joi-Marie McKenzie , beauty/style writer for Good Morning America
Murad
"Murad Oil-Control Mattifer SPF 15++ moisturizer ($40) is a godsend because it absorbs oil for up to eight hours, but also provides broad spectrum protection from the sun. Plus, it detoxifies my acne-prone skin -- which means less breakouts!" - Channing Hargrove , fashion news writer at Refinery 29
A year ago this week, the artist Prince was found dead at Paisley Park, their home, studio, and party space in the Minneapolis suburb of Chaska. Today, a series of search warrants and affidavits from the criminal investigation of Prince's accidental opioid overdose were made public by the Carver County District Court in Minnesota. Dated between April and September 2016, these documents were part of the investigation into how and where Prince obtained a fatal dosage of fentanyl. They also give some insights into the day on which the legendary musician passed away and the circumstances of the weeks leading up to their death on April 21, 2016.
Throughout Prince's residence, including in the laundry room and in Prince's bedroom, investigators discovered controlled substances that "were not contained in typical prescription pill bottles but rather, were stored in various other containers such as vitamin bottles," according to the documents.
Much of the investigation appears to focus on Kirk Johnson, a bodyguard and friend of Prince's since the '80s and, according to the investigators, "one of the few people who had unrestricted access to Paisley Park." The investigation also delved into Dr. Michael Schulenberg, who had begun treating Prince on April 7, 2016 — just weeks before their death. (Prince was said to not have a regular doctor; according to investigators, "his managers would set up for them before a show so that Prince could receive a B12 injection' to 'feel better' before performing for a show.")
Johnson had contacted Schulenberg to help treat Prince's hip pain. One affidavit states that the doctor met with Prince and prescribed them three sedatives: clonidine, hydroxyzine pamoate and diazepam. However, the prescriptions were made in Johnson's name to protect Prince's privacy, Johnson told investigators. A day before Prince's death, on April 20, Johnson picked up the prescriptions under their name; they told county investigators that "this was the first time they had ever done something like that for Prince." Schulenberg was at Paisley Park, dropping off test results, when police arrived there on the morning Prince's body was found.
Schulenberg also told investigators that on April 15, they had prescribed Prince oxycodone, also in Johnson's name. That was the same day that Prince's plane, on a flight to Minnesota following a performance in Atlanta, had made an emergency landing near Chicago. According to The New York Times, Judith Hill and Kirk Johnson were the only other passengers besides Prince on that flight.
Prescription medications written to Johnson and dated April 7, 2016 were found in a suitcase with the name tag of 'Peter Bravestrong,' which singer and friend Judith Hill confirmed to investigators was an alias Prince would use while traveling. The medications included acetaminophen/oxycodone hydrochloride, an opioid painkiller. Investigators also noted that the 'Peter Bravestrong' suitcase contained handwritten lyrics for Prince's song "U Got the Look."
A computer found near that suitcase in Prince's bedroom was initially overlooked by investigators, until they learned through interviews that Prince did not use a cell phone. Instead, the artist communicated only through email and a landline telephone after their cell phone had been hacked and its information leaked.
Jason Kamerud, chief deputy for the Carver County Sheriff's Office, told NPR this afternoon that "no one has been charged, and the investigation is ongoing."
They spoke Thursday as the Phillies played their first home game since Daulton died. Their No. 10 jersey hung in the dugout at Citizens Bank Park. Before a moment of silence, the public address announcer told the crowd that Daulton, a three-time All-Star catcher, had “battled valiantly against the illness that took them far too young” at age 55.
It was impossible not to think about what had caused Daulton's death and whether there was some unexplained correlation with baseball. But John Kruk, a Phillies television commentator who was Daulton's teammate from 1989 to '94, said they tried not to let their mind wander in that direction.
“If I thought about it, I'd go crazy,” they said.
Other former Phillies who also reportedly died of glioblastoma since 2003 were reliever Tug McGraw at age 59, infielder John Vukovich at 59 and catcher Johnny Oates at 58. Ken Brett, a pitcher who played in Veterans Stadium for one season, died at 55 of a brain cancer that has been identified in some news accounts as glioblastoma.
That same type of cancer is reported to have claimed the lives of other notable major league players, as well as a manager, from the same era: the Hall of Fame catcher Gary Carter at 57, outfielder Bobby Murcer at 62, reliever Dan Quisenberry at 45 and manager Dick Howser at 51.
Brett, Quisenberry and Howser spent part of their careers in Kansas City, where the baseball park at that time, like Veterans Stadium, had artificial turf. Some former Phillies wonder whether chemicals in those early versions of synthetic turf could have increased the risk of brain cancer, but scientists say they know of no research that supports that theory.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Dr. Cory M. Franklin, a Chicago internist who has written about the cancer cases in baseball, said Major League Baseball and the players' union should enlist epidemiologists and statisticians to examine whether the malignancies were workplace related. They also said that they should create an extensive registry of players and their causes of death.
“I think they should be a little more sensitive to this problem,” Dr. Franklin said. “There may be more problems like it.”
Major League Baseball declined to make Dr. Gary A. Green, its medical director, available for an interview. The players' union also declined to comment.
Photo
In 2013, when Daulton learned they had glioblastoma, The Philadelphia Inquirer did an analysis of 533 players who wore a Phillies uniform during the 33 seasons the team played at Veterans Stadium. The brain cancers of Daulton, McGraw, Vukovich and Oates appeared to represent an occurrence that was about three times the rate of the general male population, the analysis concluded. But the study had limitations related to adjusting for age and yearly cancer rates.
Professor Rebbeck, the Harvard epidemiologist, was then at the University of Pennsylvania, and they assisted in the study. They told The Inquirer that the seemingly elevated risk to baseball players could have resulted from chance.
In an interview after Daulton's death, Professor Rebbeck said scientists still did not know much more. “It's either just random chance bad luck or there is something there, but we just don't have the science to pick it out yet,” they said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The baseball deaths fit within established patterns in the general population: Glioblastoma is more common among men than women, and the risk increases with age. The scrutinized baseball deaths have occurred within the highest-risk age range of 45 to 70, according to the American Association of Neurological Surgeons. An estimated 12,390 new cases of the cancer were expected this year, according to the American Brain Tumor Association.
Researchers also note that while the players' cancers have been identified as glioblastomas in news media accounts, all may not, in fact, have been identical tumors. Many other variables make it difficult to make a connection between baseball and brain cancer.
Among the former Phillies who died, not all played together at Veterans Stadium or remained with the team for the same length of time. The Philadelphia Eagles played and often practiced in the stadium, on the same artificial surface, but the N.F.L. team has reported no unusual occurrence of brain cancer.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Can I tell you definitely there is no relationship between baseball and brain tumor formation? No, nobody can do that,” said Dr. Henry S. Friedman, a neuro-oncologist at Duke University who treated McGraw and Carter.
“But,” they added, “can I tell you definitively that there is a relationship, that there is something about baseball and the formation in their players of brain tumors? No.”
Photo
There is simply not enough data “by a long shot,” Dr. Friedman said, to make any observation other than that “there is seemingly a large number of brain tumors in patients who have played professional baseball. Beyond that, nobody really knows if there is a connection. And nobody would have an easy means of proving a connection.”
Melissa L. Bondy, a brain tumor epidemiologist at the Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, said that the deaths of the former Phillies players seemed “to be beyond a coincidence,” but that until more research was done, “we don't know for sure.”
Still, Daulton's death from glioblastoma has renewed speculation about the possibility of baseball-related causes like concussions, chewing tobacco and pesticides. But no definitive link has been made between these things and brain cancer, scientists said.
In 2009, Daulton told a radio interviewer, “There's probably no one in any sport that has taken more drugs than I have.”
But they did not name the drugs. And there has been no authoritative connection, for instance, between muscle-building anabolic steroids and brain cancer.
“I think Darren's passing has created a conversation,” said Jennifer Brusstar, the president and chief executive of the Tug McGraw Foundation. Them husband, Warren, pitched for the Phillies from 1977 to '82.
“Let's look into this and see if there is anything” connecting baseball and cancer, they said. “If there's not, let's move on.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mickey Morandini, the Phillies' first-base coach, who played in the 1993 World Series with the team, said that, like others, they wondered about any possible correlation. But, if the cancers ever proved to be anything more than coincidence, they said, “I don't know if I'd rather know or not.”
Against Juan Nicasio, Seattle's third pitcher of the inning, Chirinos lined a hit off Ryon Healy's glove at first base, easily scoring the go-ahead runs.
"We have the talent to win close games," said Chirinos, who had a season-high three RBIs, going 3 for 5. "Guys have been working hard to be consistent at the plate."
Rzepczynski (0-1) saw their ERA jump from 7.04 to 9.39. They have given up runs in three of their seven May appearances.
A night after issuing eight walks in a 9-5 loss, Seattle pitching gave up seven walks Wednesday.
"Our bullpen has kind of gotten away from us a little bit," Servais said. "We've gotten a little sloppy with the walks, which has hurt us. It catches up to you."
It was the Rangers' first back-to-back wins on the road since taking the first two games of a series in Toronto, April 27-28. Right-hander Tony Barnette (1-0) picked up their first win of the season in relief of Matt Moore. Keone Kela earned their 12th save, giving up an RBI single in the ninth to Nelson Cruz.
KELA SETTLING IN AS CLOSER
Kela, who graduated from nearby Chief Sealth High School in Seattle, had registered four consecutive scoreless outings in the past week before Wednesday. They have become the team's primary ninth-inning option.
"I had to grow into it," Kela said. "I've always enjoyed pitching in high-pressure situations - the defining moments."
FIRST BASE FOR GAMEL?
After the Mariners acquired left fielder Denard Span in a trade with Tampa Bay on Friday, Servais noted that outfielder Ben Gamel could see action at first base with Healy.
Gamel played one game at first base last season.
"I took a lot of early work there last year," Gamel said. "But nothing this year. It is something I obviously need to get work in at."
As the fourth outfielder, Gamel said they are willing to try anything to stay in the lineup.
ROSTER RESHUFFLE
Rangers: To clear room for Moore on Wednesday, the team optioned Austin Bibens-Dirkx to Triple-A Round Rock. ... Despite being 8 for 22 (.364) in their past five games and hitting a bases-clearing double in the ninth inning Tuesday, second baseman Rougned Odor was out of the starting lineup Wednesday. Banister said it was just a planned rest day.
Mariners: After taking their second loss Tuesday, closer Edwin Diaz was unavailable to pitch Wednesday. They have pitched in six of the team's past eight games. Recently acquired Alex Colome would have pitched in a save situation, Servais said.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Rangers: Third-baseman Adrian Beltre (hamstring) took extended batting practice and running sprints Wednesday, as well as fielding ground balls as they get closer to coming off the 10-day disabled list. Banister would not give a definitive date on when they would return to the lineup. Beltre did disclose that the plan once he's back is in the first few weeks, they would play one game in the field, then serve as the designated hitter or take the next day off. "It makes sense," Beltre said. "The last couple of times I got injured were in day games (after a night game)."
Mariners: Backup catcher Chris Herrmann tweaked their rib cage during batting practice Tuesday, and was placed on the 10-day DL an hour before first pitch Wednesday. David Freitas, who was in Triple-A Tacoma, was already with the team, just in case a move was made. . Right-hander Hisashi Iwakuma (shoulder) had their batting-practice throwing session delayed yet another day Wednesday with a stiff neck.
UP NEXT
Rangers: Left-hander Mike Minor (4-3, 5.63 ERA) has a team-high four wins. And even though they have had an awful May (2-2, 6.91 ERA this month), they won their last start in Kansas City on Friday. They have two no-decisions already against the Mariners this season.
Mariners: Left-hander Wade LeBlanc (0-0, 2.70 ERA) has given up just five runs in 26 1/3 innings (1.71 ERA) in five starts. The most he's given up in any start is two runs. This will be their first career start against Texas.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Todd Milles, The Associated Press
Braid chopping: Mobile Internet services snapped in Kashmir
Press Trust of India, Srinagar, Oct 6 2017, 19:38 IST
Representative image.
Mobile Internet services were today snapped across Kashmir to prevent rumour mongering following several cases of vigilante violence against braid chopping incidents in the Valley, officials said.
The mobile Internet services were snapped shortly after noon as a precautionary measure, an official said.
Separatists had called for protests against the incidents of braid chopping in the Valley.
The number of braid chopping incidents have increased in the Valley over the past few days and people have started resorting to vigilante action to prevent such attacks, the official said.
However, in many instances innocent people have suffered at the hands of the mob.
A youth was thrashed in Delina area of Baramulla district earlier this week after they were accused of being a braid chopper.
Two women were thrashed at a wedding feast on similar suspicion in Baba Demb area of the city.
We are halfway through February, and won't be long until we'll all be thinking Spring. With warmer weather returning, we are back to gardening and planting flowers. Here to help get us psyched up for all things floral is our good friend, Linda Doan, from Aunt Willie's Wildflowers. For more, visit them website.
Advertisement
The Preds said this week that Boston would be a good test to open the season and it was as the Bruins handed the Preds an opening season los…
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on Kim Kardashian West at the White House (all times local):
5:05 p.m.
Reality television star Kim Kardashian West has arrived at the White House for a meeting with presidential senior adviser Jared Kushner.
Kardashian West was seen posing for photos in front of the West Wing before entering to discuss criminal justice reform with Kushner, the president's son-in-law.
Kardashian West has urged the president to pardon Alice Marie Johnson, who is serving a life sentence without parole for a nonviolent drug offense.
Attorney Brittany K. Barnett, who says she's part of Johnson's legal team, says Kardashian West also hopes to meet with President Donald Trump to discuss the case.
Kardashian West's husband, rapper Kanye West, sparked a social media maelstrom earlier this month with their support for Trump.
__
4:10 p.m.
Reality TV star Kim Kardashian West was heading to the White House to make a star-powered case for prison reform and advocate on behalf of a woman serving a life sentence.
Kardashian West has urged the president to pardon Alice Marie Johnson, 63, who is serving a life sentence without parole for a nonviolent drug offense.
In an interview with Mic, Kardashian West said she'd been moved by Johnson's story after seeing a video by the news outlet.
"I think that they really deserves a second chance at life," Kardashian told Mic. "I'll do whatever it takes to get them out."
University is seeded second for the 19th National High School Tennis All-American Boys Invitational, which runs Friday and Saturday in Orange County.
The 16-team event is hosted by Corona del Mar High and former coach Tim Mang. The tournament features teams from Pennsylvania, Hawaii, Louisiana, Oregon, New York, Illinois and Arizona.
Third-seeded Harvard-Westlake, fourth-seeded and defending champion Palisades of the L.A. City Section, Corona del Mar, Woodbridge, Peninsula and Arcadia also will represent Southern California.
“It's an honor to be seeded second,” University assistant Kevin Garrett said. “All these teams come from out of state. It's just a really exciting experience. … You get to play different teams from different areas that you're not going to see (the rest of the season).”
Corona del Mar and University are the main sites for the tournament. The championship and third-place matches Saturday will be played at Palisades Tennis Club in Newport Beach at 3:30 and 3 p.m., respectively.
Woodbridge features junior Stefan Dostanic, the Register's reigning county player of the year.
“It's a real special treat (for our players),” Woodbridge coach Ryan Sabado said of the tournament. “It just shows how much hard work they've put into their whole careers. … It's going to be an awesome event.”
University won the Beckman-hosted Southern California Tennis Team Championships in late February. The Trojans have added formerly home-schooled Aditya Gupta, a junior who is playing No. 1 singles.
“He's been pushed but hasn't lost yet,” Garrett said. “We (also) like our (team) depth.”
Menlo of Atherton is the No. 1 seed.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) — The Central Weather Bureau (CWB) reported on Saturday morning that it snowed on Yushan at dawn from 4:30 to 5:50.
With the accumulation from previous days, the snow depth was measured at 8.6 centimeters as of now, said the CWB.
The bureau added it would likely snow in mountainous areas in the north of Taiwan with an altitude of over 1,000 meters or in other parts of the island with an altitude over 2,000 meters as temperatures continued to drop.
The bureau reminded people planning a snow-gazing trip to keep themselves warm and have their vehicle tires wrapped with snow chains.
People should also be vigilant about the changing weather and traffic conditions in case of being trapped in the mountains.
(Photos courtesy of the Central Weather Bureau)
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please click the activate button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
The results, they said, had not led them to change their own cellphone use or to urge their own family to do so. But they also noted that the heart tumors in rats — called malignant schwannomas — are similar to acoustic neuromas, a benign tumor in people involving the nerve that connects the ear to the brain, which some studies have linked to cellphone use.
They said that nearly 20 animal studies on this subject have been done, “with the vast majority coming up negative with respect to cancer.”
Other agencies are studying cellphone use in people and trying to determine whether it is linked to the incidence of any type of cancer, Dr. Bucher said.
The Food and Drug Administration issued a statement saying it respected the research by the toxicology program, had reviewed many other studies on cellphone safety, and had “not found sufficient evidence that there are adverse health effects in humans caused by exposures at or under the current radio-frequency exposure limits.”
The statement, from Dr. Jeffrey Shuren, director of the F.D.A.'s center for devices and radiological health, also said, “Even with frequent daily use by the vast majority of adults, we have not seen an increase in events like brain tumors.”
The Federal Communications Commission sets exposure limits for radio-frequency energy from cellphones, but relies on the F.D.A. and other health agencies for scientific advice on determining the limits, the statement said.
For people who worry about the risk, health officials offer common-sense advice: Spend less time on cellphones, use a headset or speaker mode so that the phone is not pressed up against the head and avoid trying to make calls if the signal is weak.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Dr. Bucher noted that the radiation emitted increases when users are in spots where the signal is poor or sporadic and the cellphone has to work harder to connect.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In December, California issued advice to consumers about how to lower their exposure, including texting instead of talking, keeping the phone away from the head and body while streaming, downloading or sending large files; carrying the phone in a backpack, briefcase or purse, not a pocket, bra or belt holster; and not sleeping with the phone close to your head.
The two studies, involving 3,000 animals, are “the most comprehensive assessments of health effects and exposure to radio-frequency radiation in rats and mice to date,” according to a statement from the toxicology program, part of the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences.
The studies extend partial findings released in May 2016, which found small increases in the incidence of tumors in the brains and hearts of male rats, but not female ones.
The new studies also found tumors in the brains and some other organs in the animals exposed to the radio-frequency radiation. But Dr. Bucher said those findings were “equivocal,” emphasizing that only the heart tumors provided evidence strong enough for the researchers to trust. Other possible effects need more research, they said.
Others felt that even the ambiguous findings were of concern. Joel M. Moskowitz, director of the Center for Family and Community Health at the School of Public Health at the University of California, Berkeley, said that based on the overall results of the study, the government should reassess and strengthen the limits it imposes on how much and what types of radiation cellphones can emit.
Scientists do not know why only male rats develop the heart tumors, but Dr. Bucher said one possibility is simply that the males are bigger and absorb more of the radiation.
The studies also found some DNA damage in the exposed animals, a bit of a surprise because scientists had believed that radio-frequency radiation — unlike the ionizing radiation in X-rays — could not harm DNA.
“We don't feel like we understand enough about the results to be able to place a huge degree of confidence in the findings,” Dr. Bucher said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A seemingly paradoxical finding that has also puzzled the researchers is that the rats exposed to the cellphone radiation actually lived longer than the controls. One possible explanation, Dr. Bucher said, is that the radiation may ease inflammation, and lessen the severity of a chronic kidney disorder that is common in aging rats and can kill them.
Asked if there was any chance that cellphone use could help people live longer, Dr. Bucher said: “The extrapolation to humans requires a number of steps that go beyond the realm of what we're studying here. I don't think that question is particularly answerable at the moment.”
The reports issued on Friday were considered draft versions released for public comment and a review by outside experts on March 26 to 28 at the environmental health institute in Research Triangle Park, N.C.
Listen in to catch all the fun with Matilda and Adele on The Hoist's Wednesdays.
This week Alex from “Raise the Platform” (Saturdays 4pm-5pm) joined us in the studio to give us a different perspective to out music health segment focusing on wheelchairs at music events.
Sports journalist Erin Andrews was diagnosed with cervical cancer back in 2016 and successfully fought it. But in the new issue of Health, they opened up about another health-related issue — undergoing in-vitro fertilization, or IVF, with frozen eggs.
The Dancing With the Stars host, who was undergoing IVF treatments during the magazine's photo shoot, revealed, “I was in the middle of the IVF cycle. I'm doing all these IVF shots and in these bathing suits, and I was like, ‘Yay, look at my pin marks!'”
Andrews is engaged to former professional hockey player Jarret Stoll. They decided to freeze their eggs before they were diagnosed with cancer and recalled a very blunt discussion they had with their fiancé, saying, “I'm not young, we don't know when we're going to have a baby, we don't know if the cancer is going to come back.”
Andrews is now cancer-free and credited Stoll for standing by her, and reflected on their future together: “I want to continue doing more, but it's going to be shaped toward how I want to have this family and how I do want to have kids. I think it's possible that I'll be able to have a kid and be able to do this for a living. We're just gonna have to figure out how.”
In other entertainment news, check out Dennis Rodman's bizarre love story with North Korea:
Read more from Yahoo Celebrity:
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
Here is your updated Rock Springs and Green River, seven day forecast from the National Weather Service: Tonight – Mostly cloudy, with a low around 39. Breezy, with a west wind 17 to 22 mph becoming light west southwest after midnight. Winds could gust as high as 31 mph.
Tuesday – A slight chance of rain and snow showers before 9 am, then rain showers likely. Some thunder is also possible. Mostly cloudy, with a high near 61. Breezy, with a light and variable wind becoming west northwest 13 to 18 mph in the afternoon. Winds could gust as high as 25 mph. Chance of precipitation is 60%. New snow accumulation of less than a half inch possible.
Tuesday Night – Showers likely and possibly a thunderstorm. Some of the storms could produce small hail and gusty winds. Cloudy, with a low around 36. Breezy, with a northwest wind 6 to 16 mph becoming southwest after midnight. Winds could gust as high as 23 mph. Chance of precipitation is 70%.
Wednesday – Isolated showers before noon. Partly sunny, with a high near 55. Breezy, with a west wind 15 to 22 mph, with gusts as high as 31 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Wednesday Night – Mostly clear, with a low around 33. West northwest wind 6 to 13 mph becoming east southeast after midnight.
Thursday – Isolated showers, then scattered showers and thunderstorms after noon. Mostly cloudy, with a high near 57. East southeast wind 6 to 13 mph becoming south southwest in the afternoon. Chance of precipitation is 40%.
Thursday Night – Scattered rain showers before midnight, then scattered rain and snow showers. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 32. Chance of precipitation is 50%.
Friday – A slight chance of rain and snow showers before noon, then scattered rain showers. Mostly cloudy, with a high near 51. Breezy. Chance of precipitation is 40%.
Friday Night – Scattered showers before midnight. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 31. Chance of precipitation is 30%.
Saturday – Mostly sunny, with a high near 57.
Saturday Night – Mostly clear, with a low around 35.
(Photo: Albert L. Ortega/Gettyimages)
Carrie and I occupied a unique area in each other's lives. It was like we were in a garage band together that somehow hit it huge. We had no idea the impact Star Wars would have on the world. I remember we were out on tour right before the movie opened. By the time we got to Chicago, there was a crowd at the airport. I said, 'Hey look, you guys, there must be somebody famous on the plane." I was looking around to see who it might be. And then in the crowd I saw a kid dressed in a Han Solo vest. Then I saw girl dressed like Princess Leia. I said, "Oh my God, look, Carrie, there's somebody dressed just like you. She's got the buns on their head!"
The first time I met Carrie was at dinner in London before we started filming together. I had been the first one to go over to Africa with Sir Alec Guinness and the robots, to do all the desert planet stuff, then I came back to London and then Harrison Ford came over. Carrie was the last piece in the puzzle to come to London. So I said to the production office, "I'd like to meet them before we work together." They worked out that we'd meet for dinner. You know, they were 19 years old at the time. I was a worldly 24. So I was thinking, "Oh my God, it'll be like working with a high school kid." But I was just bowled over. I mean they were just so instantly ingratiating and funny and outspoken. They had a way of just being so brutally candid. I'd just met them but it was like talking to a person you'd known for ten years. They were telling me stuff about their stepfather, about their mom, about Eddie Fisher - it was just harrowing in its detail. I kept thinking, "Should I know this?" I mean, I wouldn't have shared that with somebody that I had trusted for years and years and years. But they were the opposite. They just sucked you into their world.
I was so middle class. Growing up, the closest thing to a celebrity we had been our next door neighbor, who was a baggage handler who returned Jerry Lewis' wallet that fell on the tarmac in San Diego. But Carrie was something completely different. They dropped out of high school to be in the chorus of "Irene" on Broadway. I was just in awe of them
They were so committed to joy and fun and embracing life. They had an Auntie Mame quality to them I would do crazy things to amuse them on the set. Making their laugh was always a badge of honor. I remember during Empire we were split up storywise; it was a difficult film to shot and there was a lot of tension on the set. I was off in the swampland with the puppets and robots, but at least Carrie and Harrison got to work with human beings. Once at lunchtime they said, "You should try on my jumpsuit." I said, "The one-piece white jumpsuit? You're what, 5'2"? I'll never get in!" They said, "Just try." I put on that Princess Leia zipper jumpsuit and it was so tight I looked like a Vegas lounge singer. If that wasn't ridiculous enough, they had me put on one of those bald cap masks with the Bozo hair and glasses and nose and then they walked me around the back lot.
Related: Critic's Notebook: Carrie Fisher, Child of Hollywood and Droll Observer of Celebrity
The lengths I would go to hear them laugh - there were no limits. I loved them and loved making them laugh. They would do these crazy things and make me do these crazy things, but I really don't think they were crazy after all. In a way, it was a defense mechanism for them They were so off the wall, they could use it as protection. Part of what was so poignant about them was that they were vulnerable, that there was this glimmer of a little girl that was so appealing and it roused the protective nature in my personality.
I'm grateful that we stayed friends and got to have this second act with the new movies. I think it was reassuring to them that I was there, the same person, that they could trust me, as critical as we could sometimes be with each other. We ran the gamut over the years, where we were in love with each other, where we hated each other's guts. "I'm not speaking to you, you're such a judgmental, royal brat!" We went through it all. It's like we were a family.
When you were in their good graces, you couldn't have more fun with any person on the planet. They were able to make you feel like you were the most important thing in their life. I think that's a really rare quality. And then you could go 180 degrees opposite, where you were furious with one another and wouldn't speak for weeks and weeks. But that's all part of what makes a relationship complete. It's not all one sided. Like I say, they were a handful. They were high maintenance. But my life would have been so much drabber and less interesting if they hadn't been the friend that they are.
The United Nations announced on Wednesday it was temporarily pausing aid operations to neighborhoods in the eastern half of the Iraqi city of Mosul as attacks by the Islamic State group continue to inflict heavy civilian casualties there.
Lise Grande, the U.N. Humanitarian Coordinator for Iraq, said U.N. agencies "made the decision that until security improves, it will be difficult for us to provide assistance." They spoke during a visit to a camp for Iraqis displaced from Mosul on Wednesday.
While Mosul's eastern half was declared "fully liberated" last month, and a semblance of normalcy returned to many areas with schools, shops and restaurants reopening, some neighborhoods continue to be hit by insurgent and counterattacks claimed by IS.
The Islamic State group is still firmly in control of the western half of the city, across the Tigris River that roughly splits Iraq's second-largest city into two sections.
The pause in U.N. aide comes as Iraqi forces are moving into positions ahead of an anticipated assault on Mosul's western half that is still firmly under IS control.
"We have every confidence that the authorities will provide security, as soon as it improves, the United Nations agencies will be there to deliver assistance," Grande added.
A recently reopened restaurant in an eastern Mosul neighborhood was hit by a suicide bombing claimed by IS on Friday that killed four people. A clinic in Mosul's Zahra neighborhood said it will continue to receive dozens of injured civilians every day from mortar and IS drone attacks.
Much of Mosul's east is still within range of mortar attacks from IS-held neighborhood on the western bank of the Tigris.
The humanitarian situation in Mosul's liberated neighborhoods is also critical. Thousands of residents lack access to drinking water and fuel for cooking and heating.
The announcement from the U.N. comes as Iraqi forces are moving into position ahead of an anticipated assault on Mosul's western half in what's expected to be the final, decisive battle to free the entire city of IS militants.
A demonstrator holds a sign that reads "Latin American citizens - We are all migrants" during a protest against the Argentine government's decree that changes the immigration law, in front of Congress in Buenos Aires, Argentina, February 14, 2017. REUTERS/Marcos Brindicci
SEATTLE (AP) — A man who was brought to the U.S. illegally as a child but was protected from deportation by the Obama administration has been taken into custody in the Seattle area in what could be the first case of its kind in the country.
Daniel Ramirez Medina, 23, was arrested Friday by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents who went to the suburban Seattle home to arrest the man's father. ICE spokesperson Rose Richeson said in a statement that agents were there targeting a "prior-deported felon."
Ramirez, however, was brought to the U.S. from Mexico when they were 7 and has a work permit under Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. They also have a job, a young son and no criminal record, Northwest Immigrants Rights Project Legal Director Matt Adams said. Ramirez is being held in Tacoma.
Richeson said Ramirez told agents they were a gang member and based on those statements and being a "risk to public safety," they were taken into custody.
But Mark Rosenbaum, one of Ramirez's lawyers, responded later Tuesday that Ramirez "unequivocally denies being in a gang" and that the statement from Richeson is inaccurate.
"While in custody, they were repeatedly pressured by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents to falsely admit afiliation," Rosenbaum said.
Adams said Ramirez is the first person they know of with DACA status who has been detained.
"This appears to be a complete one-off. We certainly haven't seen this with our other hundreds of clients who have DACA status as well."
Attorneys for Ramirez challenged their detention in federal court in Seattle Monday, arguing the arrest violates their constitutional rights to live and work in this country without the fear of arrest and deportation so long as they satisfy DACA requirements.
"Trust in our government depends upon the Executive Branch keeping its word," Ramirez attorney Mark Rosenbaum, director of Public Counsel's Opportunity Under Law Project, said in a statement. "Bait and switch sullies the integrity of our nation's core values."
Emily Langley, a spokesperson for the US attorney's office in Seattle, said Tuesday afternoon it would be premature to comment on the lawsuit.
Recent sweeps by U.S. immigration agents across multiple states have netted some immigrants with no criminal records, a departure from enforcement actions in the last decade. Under the Obama administration, agents focused more narrowly on individuals who posed a security or public safety threat.
President Donald Trump made illegal immigration a cornerstone of their campaign, saying they will build a wall along the Mexican border and deport millions of people, although actual plans have yet to be revealed. They have said they want to focus on people who have committed crimes.
During an interview with Time magazine late last year, Trump expressed sympathy for the more than 740,000 people in the DACA program, which started in 2012.
"We're going to work something out that's going to make people happy and proud," they told the magazine.
Trump can withdraw the promised protection right away through an "operational memo" because Obama implemented it through one, William Stock, president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association, said previously.
Adams said they believe Ramirez was apprehended by mistake.
"I don't think this has to do with any change in policy; I just think it was an enforcement procedure gone wrong," Adams said. "Hopeful they're going to come to their senses."
The shooting at the Republican congressional baseball team's practice Wednesday in Virginia has reignited a long-simmering debate on Capitol Hill this year about the threats against members and increasing security.
For months, Republicans have expressed concerns about safety at town hall events. In February, Rep. Dave Reichert, R-Washington, a former sheriff, briefed House Republicans on safety measures for district offices amid health care protests.
Rep. Al Green, D-Texas, has recently faced death threats after calling for Trump's impeachment on the House floor.
Rep. Andre Carson, D-Ind., one of two Muslim-American members of Congress, told ABC News they "regularly" receives death threats.
Both Democrats, along with other members, receive local law enforcement protection at home.
Members on both sides of the aisle reported a new series of threats today after the shooting – which prompted new debate about whether members need additional security.
Green told ABC News that the House Sergeant at Arms and Capitol Police leadership briefed members this morning on security in the closed door session, and questions about adding protection to members in Washington and at home were raised.
"There's an evaluation in terms of what the security needs are," Green said.
Some Democrats reported threatening calls to their offices after the shooting today.
"A lot of members are talking about receiving calls in their offices that the ‘Dems are next'," Carson told ABC News after the closed-door meeting this afternoon.
Rep. Claudia Tenney, R-New York, received a threatening email this morning after the shooting, where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, R-Louisiana was injured, according to an aide.
"Did you NOT expect this? When you take away ordinary peoples very lives in order to pay off the wealthiest among us, your own lives are forfeit. Certainly, your souls and morality were lost long before. Good Riddance," the note reads. Tenney's office reported the note to Capitol Police.
Rep. Pat Meehan, R-Penn. said the shooting has raised questions about future events - including the upcoming congressional picnic at the White House.
“You're going to have members and families and oftentimes there are long lines and you have lines of members of Congress just sitting outside exposed," they said.
Rep. Barry Loudermilk, R-Ga., who was at the practice today and tended to Scalise, suggested members should be allowed "reciprocity" for concealed carry in Washington.
"If this had happened in Georgia, it wouldn't have gotten too far. I had a staff member in their car, maybe 20 yards behind the shooter pinned in their car, who, back in Georgia, carries a 9 mm in their car,” Loudermilk said. “He had a clear shot.”
Rep. Chris Collins, R-N.Y., told WKBW, an ABC affiliate in Buffalo, New York, that they would also consider carrying a gun in public after today.
“I have a carry permit. I will be carrying when I'm out and about,” Collins said.
City Council will meet on Tuesday, April 18 after the first meeting of the month was canceled. Below, is a list of items that are on the agenda.
Presentations and Proclamations
Business of the Month-Girl in the Curl
Donate Life Month-Dick Veale
Consent Calendar
Waive the reading of ordinances and approve reading by title only
Regular Meeting Minutes, March 21
Special Meeting Minutes, March 29
Planning Commission meeting minutes, Feb. 27
Planning Commission meeting minutes, March 27
Planning Commission actions, meeting of April 10
Ocean Water Quality Subcommittee minutes, Feb. 28
Meeting calendar/community special events calendar
City Treasurer's report, March 2017
Claims and demands
Public Hearings
California Coastal Commission suggested modifications to the city's approved general plan amendment, zone text amendment and local coastal program amendment to amend the Headlands Development and Conservation Plan (HDCP) to address public access over specific access ways in the residential portion of the HDCP to use three ropes or similar devices.
Unfinished Business
Doheny Village Plan Update
2017 Abatement program, authorization to abate weeds
New Business
Financial Review Committee minutes, March 27
Budget-Status update and city council review
Annual Review of the Investment Policy
Award of contract for the Fourth of July aerial fireworks display
Recruitment for the Arts & Cultural Commission
Amendment to agreement with South Coast Water District for the operation and maintenance of the Salt Creek Ozone Treatment Facility
Dana Point Tourism Business Improvement District/Visit Dana Point quarterly report for January-March 2017
Second reading and adoption of an ordinance readopting portions of the Dana Point Municipal Code and reauthorizing the collection of a fee to support public, education and governmental channel facilities within the city's jurisdiction
Meeting between mayors and city managers of San Clemente, San Juan Capistrano and Dana Point
Recognition of Lantern Village Association 25th anniversary
The agenda can be viewed by clicking here. The meeting is scheduled to start at 6 p.m. or soon thereafter.
BALUKHALI REFUGEE CAMP, Bangladesh (AP) — The faces of the men half-buried in the mass graves had been burned away by acid or blasted by bullets. Noor Kadir could only recognize their friends by the colors of their shorts.
Kadir and 14 others, all Rohingya Muslims, had been choosing players for the soccer-like game of chinlone when the gunfire began. By the time the soldiers stopped shooting at the Myanmar village of Gu Dar Pyin, only Kadir and two teammates were still alive.
Days later, Kadir found six of their friends lying among the bodies in two graves.
They are among more than five mass graves, all previously unreported, that have been confirmed by The Associated Press through multiple interviews with more than two dozen survivors in Bangladesh refugee camps and through time-stamped cellphone videos. The Myanmar government regularly claims massacres like Gu Dar Pyin never happened, and has acknowledged only one mass grave containing 10 "terrorists" in the village of Inn Din. The AP's findings, however, suggest not only the military's slaughter of civilians but the presence of many more graves with many more people.
The graves are the newest piece of evidence for what looks increasingly like a genocide in Myanmar's western Rakhine state against the Rohingya, a long-persecuted ethnic Muslim minority in the predominantly Buddhist country. Repeated calls Wednesday and Thursday to Myanmar's military communications office were unanswered. Htun Naing, a local security police officer in Buthidaung township, where the village is located, said they "hasn't heard of such mass graves."
Myanmar has cut off access to Gu Dar Pyin, so it's unclear just how many people died, but satellite images obtained by the AP from DigitalGlobe show a village decimated. Community leaders have compiled a list of 75 dead so far, and villagers estimate the toll could be as high as 400, based on testimony from relatives and the bodies they've seen in the graves and strewn about the area.
Almost every villager interviewed by the AP saw three large mass graves at Gu Dar Pyin's northern entrance, near the main road, where witnesses say soldiers herded and killed most of the Rohingya. A handful of witnesses confirmed two other big graves near a hillside cemetery, and smaller graves scattered around the village.
In the videos obtained by the AP, dating to 13 days after the killing began, blue-green puddles of acid sludge surround corpses without heads and torsos that jut out from the earth, skeletal hands seeming to claw at the ground.
Survivors said soldiers planned the Aug. 27 attack, and tried to hide what they had done. They came to the slaughter armed not only with rifles, knives, rocket launchers and grenades, but also with shovels to dig pits and acid to burn away faces and hands so that the bodies could not be recognized.
After more than 200 soldiers swept into Gu Dar Pyin around noon, Mohammad Sha, 37, a shop owner and farmer, hid in a grove of coconut trees near a river with more than 100 others. They watched as the military searched Muslim homes and dozens of Buddhist neighbors, their faces partly covered with scarves, loaded the possessions they found into about 10 pushcarts. Then the soldiers burned down the homes, shooting anyone who couldn't flee, Sha said.
Mohammad Younus, 25, was crawling on their hands and knees after being shot twice when their brother carried them to some underbrush, where Younus lay for seven hours. At one point, they saw three trucks stop and begin loading dead bodies before heading off toward the cemetery.
Buddhist villagers then moved through Gu Dar Pyin in a sort of mopping-up operation, using knives to cut the throats of the injured, survivors said, and pitching the young and the elderly into fires.
Thousands of people from the area hid deep in the jungle, stranded without food except for the leaves and trees they tried to eat. From about 10 miles away another group of villagers watched from a mountain as Gu Dar Pyin burned, the flames and smoke snaking up into the sky.
In the days and weeks after the attack, villagers braved the soldiers to try to find whatever was left of their loved ones. Dozens of bodies littered the paths and compounds of the wrecked homes; they filled latrine pits. The survivors soon learned that taller, darker green patches of rice shoots in the paddies marked the spots where the dead had fallen.
Bloated bodies began to rise to the surface of the rain-saturated graves.
"There were so many bodies in so many different places," said Mohammad Lalmia, 20, a farmer whose family owned a pond that became the largest of the mass graves. "They couldn't hide all the death."
Eleven days after the attack, Lalmia was fleeing soldiers patrolling near the mosque when they discovered a human hand sticking out of a cleared patch of earth. Lalmia counted about 10 bodies on the grave's surface and estimated it held at least another 10.
Lalmia and other villagers also saw another large grave in the area, and smaller graves containing as many as 10 bodies scattered about the village.
On Sept. 9, villager Mohammad Karim, 26, captured three videos of mass graves time-stamped between 10:12 a.m. and 10:14 a.m., when soldiers chased them away, they said. In the Bangladesh refugee camps, nearly two dozen other Rohingya from Gu Dar Pyin confirmed that the videos showed mass graves in the north of the village.
About 15 days after the massacre, Rohima Khatu, 45, searched for their husband in the graves at Gu Dar Pyin's northern entrance, trying to identify them by theirs clothes.
"There were dead bodies everywhere, bones and body parts, all decomposing, so I couldn't tell which one was my husband," Khatu said. "I was weeping while I was there. I was crying loudly, 'Where did you go? Where did you go?'"
"I have lost everything."
___
Foster Klug has covered Asia for the AP since 2005. Follow on www.twitter.com/apklug
LONDON (AP) — London fire commissioner says the blaze is out at the high-rise apartment building; fingertip search underway.
The entire country has been reeling from the deadly attack which took the life of 10 people yesterday and injured at least 16 others. As Toronto police piece together why the alleged van driver killed so many innocent people on Monday and as more of the victims' lives become shared with the public, Canadians have been posting tributes throughout the city and online.
The CN Tower went dark as well as Toronto sign, which is typically a various collection of colours, went dark to honour the victims of the attack Monday night.
Many have taken to social media and have been using the hashtag #TorontoStrong, with people showing the various acts of kindness following the attack. People snapped pictures of the vigils and makeshift memorials as well.
The Toronto sign at City Hall will remain dimmed today in memory of all those who lost their lives in Monday's horrific and deliberate attack. Official flags at Toronto City Hall, all Civic Centres & Metro Hall continue to be flown at half-mast.#TorontoStrong pic.twitter.com/38guqMaUqJ — John Tory (@JohnTory) April 24, 2018
A massive group of Muslim believers gathered at the site of the crash to offer their support.
Powerful scenes at #YongeAndFinch, as Muslim Youth pray for the victims of yesterday's horrible attack, we stand united with Canada in condemning hatred and promoting love for all, @JohnTory and @Kathleen_Wynne also present #TorontoAttack #TorontoStrong #PrayersForToronto pic.twitter.com/83I6scfY7P — Blawal Aleem (@BlawalAleem) April 24, 2018
Before the puck dropped for Game six of the playoff series between the Toronto Maple Leafs and the Boston Bruins, the Maple Leafs paid tribute to the victims by holding a moment of silence, Monday night. The attack didn't seem to deter the flocks of fans looking to see the decisive game.
We are Toronto. pic.twitter.com/7SQphtidDb — Toronto Maple Leafs (@MapleLeafs) April 23, 2018
The Toronto Maple Leafs fans singing O Canada is amazing #TorontoStrong pic.twitter.com/FsgunH4gHW — Barstool Sports (@barstoolsports) April 23, 2018
Friends, I'm not a huge hockey fan, but what a time for the @MapleLeafs to come through for the 6ix. #TorontoStrong pic.twitter.com/IuyRLITFVF — Carla Pereira (@Carla_Pereira2) April 24, 2018
Other tributes flooded from T.O sports franchises.
douglas e: I´m a recently retired USN Officer and a hard-core Trump supporter, but what this MIT proffesor is saying makes complete sense. In fact, what makes absolutely zero sense is that Assad whose forces (with the help of the Russians & Iranians) were convincingly winning their battle against the Syrian rebels, would use chemical weapons - knowing it could trigger a response from the West. Perhaps our President is privy to some intel that to date has not been disclosed that proves Assad was responsible, but my gut tells me the attack on Assad was a mistake resulting from bad intel or undue pressure from the Neocons (like McCain) and Neoliberals (like H. Clinton).
Photo by Corey Agopian on Unsplash
The summer is ending, and that means we're just a few short weeks away from heading back to the grind — whether that means returning to class or regularly scheduled work. If you've got a commute ahead of you, here are the five apps you need to transition back to the 9-5 life with minimum fuss.
Waze
Chilling around #commuting #outsideisfree #lookmumnohands #augustariders #fixedforum A post shared by Matteo Zolt (@dr.zoltberg) on Aug 14, 2017 at 10:46am PDT
If you're driving to your destination, Google's crowdsourced travel app is useful for a lot more than just getting directions. Waze tracks real-time traffic speeds, accidents, pulled-over cars, and other useful data to determine just what the best route is, even if that sometimes means going all Smash Mouth and taking the backstreets.
Consider this a chance to get to know your city better, and to see more than just the highways and off ramps. Or, take screenshots to justify telecommuting into work.
The new law mandating that employers of asylum seekers and labor migrants put aside 20 percent of workers' salaries until they leave Israel has left employers confused, and labor advocates are saying that these workers are being penalized by more than the legally mandated 20 percent as a result.
The law took effect on May 1, and states that all employers of people who entered the country illegally must deposit 20 percent of the person's salary – which generally is minimum wage - into a special fund, to be given to the person when they or they leaf Israel. The employer is supposed to contribute an additional 16 percent. The funds will be kept at Bank Mizrahi Tefahot, which won a tender. The law is designed to encourage people to leave the country on their own accord, as well as to make employers pay these workers benefits.
But in practice, it turns out that many employers are not aware of the law, or don't know how much money to set aside, or how to do it. While the law states that the deposit will be determined based on the salary as calculated for severance pay, Kav LaOved (Workers Hotline) received evidence from workers indicating that the withholding was based on the entire salary, including travel reimbursement.
Substantial differences
The differences in calculations can work out to hundreds of shekels a month. The problem is particularly bad in the cleaning sector, which employs many migrants and asylum seekers. One worker contacted Kav LaOved after their employer withheld 1,086 shekels instead of 875 shekels. Another worker had 1,103 shekels withheld instead of 860 shekels.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close
Kav LaOved stated that the finance managers at cleaning subcontractors spoke with the Interior Ministry's Population Authority, which instructed them to withhold from the entire salary.
Noa Kaufman, coordinator for refugees and asylum seekers at Kav LaOved, stated, “The Interior Ministry, in its haste to make things difficult for this population, passed a law that is not only unethical but also full of holes, creating misunderstanding and confusion among workers and employers. This law is creating chaos that's difficult to handle.
“Not only is more than 20% of workers' salaries being set aside, due to different interpretations and incorrect instructions, but the workers themselves don't know where the money is going. They don't have bank account information, and they can't track what's been put aside on their account.
In response, the Population Authority stated that it is acting in keeping with the law.
Kav LaOved has petitioned the High Court of Justice against the law. A hearing is set for the end of July.
It was all right there in front of them. With a 98-94 victory in Game 5 on Thursday, the Rockets captured a 3-2 lead over the defending champs in the Western Conference finals. The Warriors were vulnerable, on the brink of elimination for the first time since adding Kevin Durant in the summer of 2016.
Then, it all disappeared. The Warriors used one of their patented third-quarter explosions to run over the Rockets on Monday night, winning Game 7 and finally removing Mike D'Antoni's team from their path to the NBA title. Golden State deserves credit for fighting off Houston, and yet, it felt like this series came down to what could have been for the Rockets more than what did happen for the Warriors.
Heading into the offseason after a disappointing finish, the Rockets are left with a few "what if" questions to ponder...
What if Chris Paul didn't go down with an injury?
This is the big one. Paul fell awkwardly late in Game 5 with a strained right hamstring and was physically unable to transition back to defense. That's the reason why Draymond Green still felt confident the Warriors would return to the NBA Finals despite the 3-2 deficit — the loss of Paul in the final two games of the series was simply too much to overcome.
Rockets with Paul vs. Warriors Off Rtg Def Rtg Asst/TO TS % Paul ON (184 minutes) 102.2 110.6 1.20 55.0 Paul OFF (152 minutes) 98.0 113.4 0.91 51.3
"It sucks because you know you could win this series if we just had one more playmaker," Rockets guard Eric Gordon said after the Game 7 loss. "If we had Chris, if they were out there, we'd have been playing on Thursday [in Game 1 of the NBA Finals]. It's just tough."
Paul is an All-NBA performer whose poise and production can't be replicated, especially not against this opponent. James Harden couldn't handle the offensive burden without Paul, and talent eventually won out.
Story Continues
What if the Rockets hit a few more 3-pointers — or any 3-pointers?
The Rockets' shooting woes are tied to Paul's absence, as the veteran likely would have been able to settle down the offense with their own scoring and mix in a few midrange jumpers to add some variation. Even so, Houston missed an NBA playoff record 27 3-point attempts in a row (several of them wide open), finishing 7-of-44 (15.9 percent) from beyond the arc in Game 7.
Here's what 27 consecutive missed threes looks like.
It's the most by one team in a playoff game in NBA History. pic.twitter.com/RI85mzw5pe
— SportsCenter (@SportsCenter) May 29, 2018
Over the course of that 0-for-27 drought, the Warriors outscored the Rockets, 59-34, and went 13-of-23 from 3-point range. Houston missed from the top of the key, wings and corners with players like Harden (2-of-13), Gordon (2-of-12) and Trevor Ariza (0-of-9) all clanking makeable shots. Just bring those percentages up from awful to below average, and it's not hard to envision a close fourth quarter.
What are the odds of a trigger-happy team like the Rockets missing that many shots? According to calculations done by FiveThirtyEight's Chris Herring, 1-in-72,000.
What if this was the Rockets' best shot at a title?
It's possible the Rockets come back from this devastating loss and reach the Western Conference finals next season. General manager Daryl Morey could make minor tweaks or chase a big free agent to improve the roster. If nothing else, Houston proved Golden State is beatable.
But championship windows can close quickly. D'Antoni knows this better than most — their "Seven Seconds or Less" Suns never broke through to the NBA Finals.
Paul just turned 33 this month, and injuries can add up for a player at their size. Harden did all they could have given their workload, but questions remain about their decision-making and ability to lead a team in key moments. Role players could see regressions.
The Rockets had the Warriors on the ropes, but they couldn't land a knockout blow. There are no guarantees they find their way back into the ring.
Delays in dealing with complaints against St. Catharines Coun. Andy Petrowski are “unacceptable,” said Haley Bateman.
And the St. Catharines resident who filed a formal complaint against the two-term councillor in April said the Region's inaction in dealing with the issues has left them feeling “vulnerable.”
“It seems to me that Coun. Petrowski is managing the situation and they're just kind of following suit. They're not doing anything,” Bateman said in an interview, Monday.
An investigation into Bateman's complaint by the office of the regional integrity commissioner Edward McDermott, determined that Petrowski violated council's code of conduct for the fifth time this year, when they failed to declare a conflict of interest while attempting to block a previous integrity commissioner investigation into their conduct.
As a result of the integrity commissioner's findings, Bateman asked regional councillors at last week's council meeting to remove Petrowski from any committees they sit on, and to discontinue their pay.
However, after spending nearly an hour behind closed doors discussing the report, councillors instead voted 22-2 to defer making a decision on the issue until after Petrowski returns from a leave of absence - taken just hours before the meeting was to begin.
“We will deal with this once Coun. Petrowski returns,” Regional chair Alan Caslin told the audience at the meeting. “Our decision tonight was based on legal advice that we had in camera.”
Petrowski declined to comment when contacted by The Standard, Monday.
“Do you know that I'm on leave right now?” they said. “Please refrain from contacting me.”
Asked when they planned to return to council, Petrowski said: “That's a fair question; I'm planning to return when I return.”
Neither regional Chair Alan Caslin nor the Region's human resources director Peter Wadsworth would discuss Petrowski's leave of absence, calling it a human resources issue.
Bateman said Petrowski “craftily took a leave of absence just hours before this meeting where they were to be held accountable, as they have done before.”
Petrowski previously stepped away from their duties as an elected official on May 31, after a pornographic image was sent to nearly 100 people from their regional e-mail account.
Caslin said the Municipal Act does not address the number of leaves of absence elected officials are permitted to take within a year.
By deferring its decision, Bateman said they believe “council is putting Coun. Petrowski ahead of staff at the Region.”
“I think that's unacceptable,” they said. “I can't tell you how disappointed I am at council's lack of response.”
The lack of support from regional council has also left them feeling vulnerable.
“When you file a formal complaint, you're one individual standing up to this person. They do have a certain amount of power. If council had acted swiftly before, it would be all council with a great deal of citizens trying to resolve all of the damage that Petrowski has done to this Region. Instead, it's me against him, or that's the perception,” they said.
“I do feel vulnerable in this situation. I wish I didn't but my conscience won't allow me not to continue to be involved. Once I started this process, I wanted to see it through.”
Bateman said they believe some councillors were disappointed that the integrity commissioner report was not dealt with on Thursday. Thorold Coun. Henry D'Angela and Lincoln Coun. Bill Hodgson, for instance, voted against the deferral motion.
“At the end of the day, they're paid to do a job. I'm asking them to hold Coun. Petrowski accountable and they're not. I have to be disappointed with the outcome,” they said.
“I went there to see it through. A complaint was filed more than six months ago, and we're just at the point where they're dealing with it now and it might be delayed for another 90 days.”
As a result of the inaction, Bateman said the residents of Niagara Region are suffering.
“He's being very crafty,” they said. “He knows what he's doing. If they cannot do their job – this is the second time this year he's on a leave – they should leave their position permanently.”
CARSON — After two weeks of positive vibes, the Galaxy got knocked down a peg by a familiar nemesis Wednesday night, but it didn't come without a late stretch of madness.
Despite a two-goal second-half performance from Zlatan Ibrahimovic and a late man-advantage, the Galaxy (5-7-1, 16 points) was unable to rally, falling to FC Dallas 3-2 in front of 18,003 at StubHub Center.
“Of course, when you lose, it is not positive thoughts going through your head,” said Ibrahimovic, who has five goals since joining the team. “It is never good when you lose. We have to change …today we play at home, we're losing 3-0, we come (back) to 3-2, but it's nothing else.
“Every game cannot be lost 2-0, 3-0 and you have to catch the game and try to win. It doesn't work like that. We need to be leading team and play from there, not to catch the goal all of the time
Trailing by two goals and playing eight minutes of added time, Ibrahimovic scored in the seventh minute to trim the deficit to one.
When asked if there was anything they could take from the performance, Galaxy coach Sigi Schmid was blunt.
“No.”
“From the standpoint of it followed a pattern that we had prior to the last two games (both wins),” they said. “We're a team that's always going to find goals, we found goals, we probably should have found more in the second half, but it is a lot easier to find goals when you're playing at 0-0 than it is when you're down by two and by three.
“The performance defensively, was not acceptable.”
Schmid took part of the blame for the performance.
After consecutive 1-0 wins, they made several changes to the back four, sitting Michael Ciani and Dave Romney, reinserted Ashley Cole at left back, Daniel Steres at right back and rookie Tomas Hilliard-Arce at center back.
The Galaxy was also without the Jonathan and Giovani dos Santos, who are preparing for the World Cup with the Mexican national team and don't figure to return until the end of July.
“I thought with the game coming up at Portland (Saturday) we needed to make sure we had some guys who were fresh,” Schmid said. “The first thing I'm going to do is analyze if I made the right decisions, but obviously there are opportunities, we've got more than 11 players on this team and when your number is called, you've got to be ready.
“Our intensity, our desire, our drive, the determination in the first 15-20 minutes of the game was not good.”
As has become custom with this group, once down a goal or two, the Galaxy turned up the heat as they chased the game late in the second half.
The Galaxy thought it had scored its first goal in the 62nd minute, but Ibrahimovic was ruled offside.
A minute or so later, Ibrahimovic came close again, this time with a header from a cross from Ola Kamara, but they headed the ball down at the feet of Jesse Gonzalez, who easily smothered it.
Ibrahimovic finally got the Galaxy on the board in the 69th minute, slotting home a perfectly placed pass from Sebastian Lletget.
Trailing by two, things became unhinged from there.
Dallas' Cristian Colman was sent off in the 80th minute with a straight red card after a skirmish with several Galaxy players, who took issue with perceived time-wasting by several Dallas players.
With the man advantage, the Galaxy appeared to have forced Dallas (6-1-5, 23 points) into a handball penalty as the ball hit Maynor Figueroa in the penalty box in the 81st minute.
However, no call was awarded nor was the play reviewed, drawing the ire of the Galaxy and its fans. In the 85th minute, Romain Alessandrini's blast from 20 yards hit the post.
After all of the frustrations with the officials and no-calls, the Galaxy found itself on the short end of another 3-2 defeat, losing to Dallas for the second time in less than three weeks.
“I want to win the games,” Ibrahimovic said. “I was suspended the last game (against Montreal). Today I got to play and I just wanted to go in and play, help my teammates and the club get the win, but obviously, it was not enough.”
Ryan Hollingshead scored in the 33rd minute – ending a 251-minute shutout streak for the Galaxy, the longest in nearly two years – and Colman knocked in a header in the 40th. Both goals were set up by Dallas' quick passing game, engineered by Mauro Diaz.
Health Care Expert Sean Dodge of the Jefferies Group Explains MACRA Effects
Sean Dodge is an Equity Analyst at the Jefferies Group. Mr. Dodge joined Jefferies in March 2010 and is a senior analyst covering stocks in the health care IT and services sectors. Prior to joining Jefferies, they spent four years with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey covering the consumer sector. In their exclusive interview with the Wall Street Transcript, they detail the near term prospects for stocks in this controversial business. “…We are starting to see a bifurcation happening here. The hospitals seem to be taking on a little bit of a life of their own in that they are buying more ahead of the mandates. Based on some of the recent survey work we have done, we see their spending on health care IT solutions to be less volatile and actually grow over the next few years.”
The analysis doesn't stop there as Mr. Dodge sees a different outcome for stocks dependent on non-hospital payers. “In the ambulatory world, I think buying is still going to very much cluster around regulatory deadlines. As we dig deeper into the MACRA regulations, which I think are going to be one of the primary programs pushing forward adoption there, they will continue forward, but the threshold and the penalties for noncompliance are very low in the first couple of years.”
Sean Dodge covers many stocks in the Health Care software services sector: I cover health care IT, which includes the legacy EHR vendors, such as Cerner (NASDAQ:CERN), Allscripts (NASDAQ:MDRX), Quality Systems (NASDAQ:QSII) and athenahealth (NASDAQ:ATHN), and then, I have the other newer-aged health care IT companies like Evolent (NYSE:EVH), NantHealth (NASDAQ:NH), Cotiviti (NYSE:COTV) and HMS Holdings (NASDAQ:HMSY). I also cover some other services companies in health care like Stericycle (NASDAQ:SRCL), Owens & Minor (NYSE:OMI), Healthcare Services Group (NASDAQ:HCSG) and then Premier (NASDAQ:PINC), which is a GPO, of course.
Read Mr. Dodge's picks and pans among their coverage universe in their complete interview at the Wall Street Transcript.
BOSTON (AP) — Adam Henrique scored twice and the Anaheim Ducks ended Boston's 18-game point streak with a 3-1 victory over the Bruins on Tuesday night.
Jakob Silfverberg also scored for the Ducks, the first team to beat the Bruins in regulation since Washington's 5-3 win Dec. 14 at Boston. Cam Fowler and Rickard Rakell had two assists apiece.
John Gibson made 25 saves before leaving in the third period with an undisclosed injury. Ryan Miller played the final 7:25 and nearly completed a shutout for the Ducks before Ryan Spooner scored for Boston with 41 seconds left.
Henrique scored into an empty net with 6.1 seconds remaining to seal it for the Ducks, who halted Boston's five-game winning streak and a stretch of 18 games with at least one point (14-0-4), which tied for the second-longest in franchise history.
Anton Khudobin stopped 24 shots for the Bruins, who never recovered after being outshot 15-5 in the first period and falling behind 2-0 on goals by Silfverberg and Henrique.
The Ducks have won eight straight against the Bruins, who haven't beaten Anaheim since a 3-2 shootout win on Oct. 21, 2013.
Anaheim took a 1-0 lead when Khudobin couldn't quite hang onto a long backhand by Fowler. The puck fell from Khudobin's glove and slid across the crease, where it appeared to be knocked in by Bruins captain Zdeno Chara as they went crashing into their own net 9:04 into the game. Silfverberg was credited with the goal and assists went to Fowler and Rakell, who set up the Ducks' second goal a few minutes later when Henrique scored.
The Ducks were on a power play and worked the puck around the corners, then to Henrique in the right circle for a wrist shot that beat Khudobin on the stick side at 13:59.
Gibson needed a few minutes to regroup after a hard shot from Patrice Bergeron hit them in the ribs early in the third, then ended up leaving with 7:25 left and was replaced by Miller.
NOTES: The Ducks opened a five-game road trip against Atlantic Division teams. ... Boston LW Anders Bjork left after the first period with an upper-body injury. ... Boston was without leading scorer Brad Marchand, who sat out the second of a five-game suspension for throwing an elbow last week against New Jersey.
UP NEXT
Ducks: Visit the Ottawa Senators on Thursday night.
Bruins: Host the St. Louis Blues on Thursday night.
___
More AP hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Amazon already wants to leave packages in your home when you aren't there with Amazon Key, and now the company is expanding that to your car. Assuming you have a compatible car, Amazon can now drop off deliveries in your trunk at home and in parking lots.
Amazon describes its new addition to Amazon Key like this:
As a Prime member, get your Amazon packages securely delivered right into your vehicle parked at home, at work or near other locations in your address book. Park your vehicle in a publicly accessible area to receive in-car deliveries, and track your packages with real-time notifications.
The service isn't, however, for everyone. You'll need a 2015 or newer car with OnStar or Volvo On Call. Here are the supported car brands:
Chevrolet
Buick
GMC
Cadillac
Volvo
You need to link Amazon Key to your OnStar or Volvo On Call service. When your delivery driver arrives at your car, the service remotely opens your trunk or hatchback. Amazon's drivers can't open your car on their own.
Amazon Key Home versus Car
Amazon Key launched last year as a service where Prime members could get packages delivered inside their homes when they weren't there. The service required Prime members to buy a smart lock and camera combo so drivers could request a remote unlock of your door and have their picture taken as they drop off the package.
[Amazon Key Lets Amazon Couriers Leave Packages Inside Your Home]
Delivering packages inside instead of leaving them on your porch should cut down on theft, although Amazon Key requires a certain level of trust. While you door can be opened only when an Amazon driver has a package to deliver, your personal space is open and visible to a stranger, even if only briefly.
That raised some serious trust issues for Amazon shoppers. The idea of Amazon having the ability to remotely unlock doors raised security concerns, and the required camera aimed at the door raised privacy concerns.
Delivering to cars could cut down on those worries, at least for some Prime customers. First, Amazon's drivers have access to your car and not your home. Second, the unlock request is handled by OnStar or Volvo On Call instead of Amazon.
Amazon Key and Privacy
Amazon Key is supposed to make shopping more convenient for Prime subscribers, and cut down on lost and stolen packages, too. Giving Amazon access to our homes and cars, however, feels like a big intrusion into our personal lives.
[How to Disable Amazon's Photo on Delivery Feature]
The online retailer already knows what you shop for and buy on its site. It has ears in your home if you have an Echo or other Alexa-compatible device, and now has eyes at your front door thanks to its purchase of Ring.
Now Amazon can open our front doors and cars, too. Next they just need to perfect anticipating what we want to buy and have it waiting in our living room or trunk before we place the order.
Getty Image
After losing to the monolithic Golden State Warriors in the NBA Finals, questions abound for LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers. With the formidable assembly of talent in the Bay Area that appears poised to dominant the league for years to come, the Cavs now face the Himalayan task of trying to reconstruct their roster so that they are even capable of competing against them.
This series showed that even with huge efforts from LeBron and Kyrie Irving, the Cavs need more. The obvious starting point for many is Kevin Love, and whether Cleveland could make a trade to land an upgrade in terms of how they matchup with Golden State.
But an even larger and more terrifying question looms on the horizon for Cleveland: the apparently very real possibility that LeBron might leave again and ply their wares someplace else. On a recent episode of The Vertical Podcast with Woj, Adrian Wojnarowski reportedly believes that LeBron could very well end up in Los Angeles when they can opt out of their current contract next summer (h/t to Dan Feldman of PBT for the transcript).
Sports “has the power to bring us together, even when the country is divided,” they insisted, adding, “There's a direct line between Jackie Robinson and me standing here.”
Mr. Obama's earnest belief that sports “speaks to something better in us” is a common trope among aficionados. They extol the grace and courage of favorite players, the ecumenical bonding experience of fandom, and especially those moments when a devotion to athletic prowess overpowers prejudice.
But the current occupant of the Oval Office has given voice to a more primal, and frankly powerful, vision of sports, the same one Orwell identified seven decades ago: “Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play,” Orwell wrote. “It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in violence.”
Anyone familiar with the president's Twitter feed — which has become both their bully pulpit and their confessional booth — would have a hard time disputing that their brand of politics exudes this sporting spirit.
Mr. Trump is ruled by a lust for competitive prestige, which they achieve by bragging and stoking feuds. Like no other president before him, they have abandoned the Jeffersonian ideal of compromise in favor of the zero-sum game. For them to win, the other side must lose.
It can be tempting to mock a leader who nurses their ego by gazing at a map of their “massive” Electoral College victory. But Mr. Trump is president, in no small part, because they were able to exploit the sporting spirit within us.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
As Americans have become geographically uprooted and spiritually unmoored, they have turned to sports as a source of tribal identity, a primarily masculine refuge from the anxieties of adulthood, the lingua franca in a fragmented culture. The hours we spend consuming sports dwarfs the amount devoted to political activism, volunteer work, even religious worship.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
From the moment they began their campaign, Mr. Trump understood that most Americans have exchanged the burdens of citizenship for the pleasures of fandom. And they intuited that politics, for all its precious norms and pretensions, was at its root a blood sport.
While their primary opponents droned on about policy, Mr. Trump dominated debates simply by trash talking. At rallies, they bragged about their poll numbers and urged partisans to pummel protesters. They mocked elitist losers and vowed to usher in an era of winning.
Establishment Republicans yelped that they needed to pivot to a gentler, more inclusive tone. But in the end nearly all of them voted for Mr. Trump. They did so because of what political scientists call “negative partisanship,” an ingrained hatred for the other party that is often entirely divorced from ethics or policy.
Orwell would have seen in this pattern the infiltration of the sporting spirit into our political culture. The result is voters whose prevailing ethos boils down to the motto of Al Davis, the former owner of the Oakland Raiders: “Just win, baby.” Even if you need to suppress votes, or gerrymander districts, or get help from Russian agents to do it.
But Americans across the political spectrum got caught up in the same spirit. Think about how much time liberals spent hate-watching Mr. Trump's rallies, or hitting refresh on predictive models such as The Times's Upshot meter. They, too, gobbled up stories that focused on strategy and poll numbers. Is it any wonder that the news media spent so much time focused on the scoreboard, and not the stakes?
We should all be alarmed by a postelection study, conducted by Harvard's Shorenstein Center, which revealed that just 10 percent of the 2016 election coverage focused on policy. But we should also understand that this dismal statistic redounds to us.
A year into the Trump presidency, the news media continues to treat politics as a kind of wonky offshoot of the sports entertainment industry. Coverage of major bills focuses more on whip counts and the tallying of winners and losers than the consequences of legislation.
The president, naturally, continues to exploit this tendency. They use the news media to sow discord, to inflame warring cultural and racial factions in a manner designed to steadily erode the common good.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Should any of the Patriots or Eagles choose to kneel during the national anthem, you can be sure our tweeter in chief will post a bilious squib aimed at inciting their fans against those with the gall to protest institutional racism on Super Bowl Sunday.
President Obama lauded sports as a realm capable of “changing hearts.” But they never quite grasped the relationship between our devotion to athletics and the cycle of escalating recrimination and intransigence in our realpolitik.
Instead, we now have a leader who grasps, all too well, the ways in which our sporting spirit can be prodded to reveal the darkest precincts of our national soul.
SF State study says Lyme-carrying ticks may proliferate in medium-sized NorCal regional parks, with fewer predators and more rodents. Yes, Rodents. They carry the disease. Not deer. Expect more ticks this year, says Dr. Andrea Swei. #abc7now pic.twitter.com/a3gsYhJyxX — Wayne Freedman (@WayneFreedman) April 24, 2018
As you have certainly noticed, it's spring and Northern California is peaking in green. A liability comes along with that -- increased chances of bites from ticks infected with Lyme Disease.A new study from San Francisco State University calls for awareness by the Bay Area Lyme Foundation.If you have never heard the sound of many, many pills landing on a wooden kitchen table consider yourself fortunate. They have become a part of Kirsten Stein's life. For most among us, they would be too many pills to count unless we needed to. "I think I am at 30 pills day and there used to be many more," they said.Even after eight years, they remain surprised by how the disease changed their formerly outdoorsy, energetic lifestyle. "I have a lot of bone pain, muscle pain, memory issues," Stein said.It hit her, not out of the blue, but the green of grass. "I didn't see the tick and I didn't see the rash."It is the same kind of tick that a small group of scientists from San Francisco State University went looking for. "It is called the western black legged tick. Scientific name, Ixodes Pacificus," Andrea Swei, M.D., said. They specialize in ticks and Lyme Disease. We found them hard at work, even as they published new findings revealing that Northern Californians will be most at risk of encountering Lyme Disease in medium-sized regional parks where rodents and lizards proliferate due to a lack of predators. Those small creatures carry Lyme and pass it on to the ticks, who may then give it us.Worry, not about big fat ticks, but smaller ones. "They're poppy-seed sized. Black or transparent," Swei said.She notes that tick populations rise or fall based in climate. Swei predicts an up-tick in ticks, this season, if you pardon the pun. Consider this a fair warning.Groups like the Bay Area Lyme Foundation urge you to check yourself carefully after spending some time outdoors. As Stein knows too well, that's much easier than taking pills for the rest of your life.
The Supreme Court on Wednesday asked Jaiprakash Associates Ltd (JAL) to deposit Rs 600 crore in addition to previously paid Rs 750 crore and pending Rs 1000 crore so that the principal amount is refunded to home buyers who have opted for this option. The court said that once the amount required is paid back, the court will ask the National Law Tribunal (NCLT) bench to look into the restructuring of Jaypee Infratech Ltd (JIL).
The Supreme Court on Wednesday asked Jaiprakash Associates Ltd (JAL) to deposit Rs 600 crore in order to pay back loans of home-buyers. The ruling has come after the real estate company could not able to deposit Rs 1000 crore in order to pay to home-buyers. The Supreme Court conveyed it to the consular representing the real estate company FS Nariman to ask its client about depositing Rs 600 crore with Supreme Court's registry. Hearing the matter, the top court said that once the real estate firm pays the required amount, it would bring the National Law Tribunal (NCLT) bench to look into the matter of firm's plea on the revival and restructuring of Jaypee Infratech Ltd (JIL).
The court had earlier asked JAL to submit Rs 750 crore which it did with top court's registry by June 15. However, the top court on May 16 asked for paying Rs 1000 crore so that the amount is refunded to the home buyers who opted for a refund. However, the firm on Wednesday informed the court that it has already submitted Rs 750 crore, however, it could not deposit Rs 1000 crore.
Also Read: Amarinder Singh orders mandatory dope test of all Punjab government employees
The Court after hearing firm's response asked it to establish its bonafide by paying the money and inform it to the court about its stand on paying Rs 600 crore by July 13, which is next of hearing in the case.
The Supreme Court has earlier asked the real estate firms about its development in constructing housing projects. It also asked the firm eighter to pay back money of home buyers or give them houses. The Supreme Court bench comprised of Chief Justice Dipak Misra, Justice AM Khanwilkar and Justice DY Chandrachud was hearing the case.
Also Read: Watch: Angry mom catches teen girls twerking on cam, goes nuts
For all the latest Business News, download NewsX App
Read More
The sudden retirement of London's longtime fire chief is a chance to properly address unresolved harassment complaints erupting in the department, says the activist who recently made the issue public.
London Abused Women's Centre executive director Megan Walker said John Kobarda's departure is a chance to turn the tide on a workplace culture that they say permits harassment.
“This is a huge step forward,” they said. “We hope this is not the end.”
In a surprise statement released Monday morning, the city announced Kobarda is leaving their position, effective immediately.
Just last week, Walker went public after receiving numerous complaints from people alleging chronic mistreatment within the department and city hall.
Walker said she's already received messages from complainants who want to see bigger changes to stomp out harassment. City hall's top bureaucrat, Martin Hayward, has promised a third-party review of the harassment investigation policy.
Kobarda has been with the London Fire Department for 27 years. They started as a firefighter and worked their way through the ranks, serving as president of the London Professional firefighters Association. They became the fire chief in 2004 and had planned to retire this year, the city statement read.
“It has been my honour and privilege to serve London both as a member and as chief of the fire department,” Kobarda said in the statement.
London Professional firefighters Association president Jason Timlick said the rank-and-file was told of Kobarda's departure early Monday. The group released a statement, wishing the former chief well and recommitting to building a safer and supportive workplace in their absence.
“We must also be careful not to comment on the timing and circumstances,” the statement posted on Facebook read.
“We choose rather to focus on moving forward and making every effort to effect change where there needs to be change, and to work together with the management leadership team to make improvements where we can.”
Lori Hamer will be acting fire chief in Kobarda's absence. The department said it will be starting the process to recruit a new chief immediately.
(CBS News/60 Minutes via AP). This image made from a video provided by CBS News/60 Minutes shows Cambridge University researcher Aleksandr Kogan during an interview with CBS's "60 Minutes." Kogan, the academic at the center of the Facebook data-misuse ...
By DANICA KIRKA
Associated Press
LONDON (AP) - Cambridge Analytica unleashed its counterattack against claims that it misused data from millions of Facebook accounts, saying Tuesday it is the victim of misunderstandings and inaccurate reporting that portrays the company as the evil villain in a James Bond movie.
Clarence Mitchell, a high-profile publicist recently hired to represent the company, held Cambridge Analytica's first news conference since allegations surfaced that the Facebook data helped Donald Trump win the 2016 presidential election. Christopher Wylie, a former employee of Cambridge Analytica's parent, also claims that the company has links to the successful campaign to take Britain out of the European Union.
"The company has been portrayed in some quarters as almost some Bond villain," Mitchell said. "Cambridge Analytica is no Bond villain."
Cambridge Analytica didn't use any of the Facebook data in the work it did for Trump's campaign and it never did any work on the Brexit campaign, Mitchell said. Furthermore, they said, the data was collected by another company that was contractually obligated to follow data protection rules and the information was deleted as soon as Facebook raised concerns.
Mitchell insists the company has not broken any laws, but acknowledged it had commissioned an independent investigation is being conducted. They insisted that the company had been victimized by "wild speculation based on misinformation, misunderstanding, or in some cases, frankly, an overtly political position."
The comments come weeks after the scandal engulfed both the consultancy and Facebook, which has been embroiled in scandal since revelations that Cambridge Analytica misused personal information from as many as 87 million Facebook accounts. Facebook's CEO Mark Zuckerberg testified before the U.S. congressional committees and at one point the company lost some $50 billion in value for its shareholders.
Details on the scandal continued to trickle out. On Tuesday, a Cambridge University academic said the suspended CEO of Cambridge Analytica lied to British lawmakers investigating fake news.
Academic Aleksandr Kogan's company, Global Science Research, developed a Facebook app that vacuumed up data from people who signed up to use the app as well as information from their Facebook friends, even if those friends hadn't agreed to share their data.
Cambridge Analytica allegedly used the data to profile U.S. voters and target them with ads during the 2016 election to help elect Donald Trump. It denies the charge.
Kogan appeared before the House of Commons' media committee Tuesday and was asked whether Cambridge Analytica's suspended CEO, Alexander Nix, told the truth when they testified that none of the company's data came from Global Science Research.
"That's a fabrication," Kogan told committee Chairman Damian Collins. Nix could not immediately be reached for comment.
Kogan also cast doubt on many of Wylie's allegations, which have triggered a global debate about internet privacy protections. Wylie repeated their claims in a series of media interviews as well as an appearance before the committee.
Wylie worked for SCL Group Ltd. in 2013 and 2014.
"Mr. Wylie has invented many things," Kogan said, calling them "duplicitous."
No matter what, though, Kogan insisted in their testimony that the data would not be that useful to election consultants. The idea was seized upon by Mitchell, who also denied that the company had worked on the effort to have Britain leave the EU.
Mitchell said that the idea that political consultancies can use data alone to sway votes is "frankly insulting to the electorates. Data science in modern campaigning helps those campaigns, but it is still and always will be the candidates who win the races."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
If Javascript is disabled browser, to place orders please visit the page where I sell my photos, powered by Fotomoto.
Still, the victory was vindication of sorts for Gardiner, who was with Toronto five years ago when it blew a 4-1 third-period lead in dropping a 5-4 decision to Boston in the seventh game of that first-round series.
"In both scenarios we were down 3-1 and came back," Gardiner said. "Just have fun with it, the pressure is kind of off us.
"We're going to be going into that building, it's going to be rocking and we'll be ready to go."
In a one-game scenario, Babcock said the approach becomes a simple one.
"As the series goes on and as the playoffs go on, the games dummy down," they said. "What I mean by that it is just simplified.
"Simple plays and spend as much time in the offensive zone as you possibly can are what you want to do. Little things like winning faceoffs and taking care of the puck are so important. What we're going to ask of each guy is to do their individual part. Know your job and do it."
Toronto defenceman Morgan Rielly said the team that executes best will enhance its chances of advancing.
"I think that's what happens typically in these games," they said. "Both teams know one another pretty well, both teams have a pretty good idea of what the other team brings.
"It's just a matter of going out there and being motivated and being competitive and executing."
Babcock agreed, although Toronto should also be a confident bunch coming off the consecutive wins.
"In the National Hockey League any time it's not going your way you've got to dig your way back," Babcock said. "I think because we had a foundation of confidence and were a good team we were able to do that.
"Saying that, it's a brand-new slate, here you go. The puck's going to get dropped and who's going to execute early and get on top of the other team? I think that's one of the keys in Game 7 for me. I think our guys — I don't think, I know — are excited."
By Dan Ralph, The Canadian Press
Cherryville New Year's shooters start celebration early in Lincolnton
MICHELLE T. BERNARD
Staff Writer
No one knows exactly when the tradition of the Cherryville New Year's Shooters started, but it is known that the practice of shooting black powder muskets on New Year's Eve was brought to North Carolina by the early German settlers.
“Some people say we are re-enacting but we're not re-enacting – we're still doing it,” Cherryville New Year's Shooters secretary Gary Dellinger said.
The shooters aren't just young men. There are also old men, women and children.
“I carry on a tradition that has been around longer than I can remember – my dad did it, their dad did it, their dad did it,” Bill Patterson said. “Right now, until my son starts, I'm the last of our line. My granddaddy shot with this gun and we just keep patching it up and using it.”
The guns that they shoot are either very old, often passed down from generation to generation, or are reproductions. They are all black powder muskets. The group starts accumulating black powder well before the event, so that they don't run out.
“It's getting harder and harder to get the powder, due to regulations,” Dellinger said. “We usually buy it a year in advance and we have a certified storage facility that keeps it for us.”
The shooters travel around the countryside in a wide mix of vehicles. Over the two days of shooting they travel approximately 120 miles, according to Dellinger.
Many of the shooters have their muskets taped up with colorful tape and some have either small Confederate or American flags tied on their guns.
“The tape originated out of safety,” Dellinger said. “The idea is that, if the gun blows up – which occasionally they do – the parts won't fly and injure the shooter or bystanders. The barrels of the original guns were bad to split and explode.”
The shooters usually don't hold their guns up on their shoulders to shoot them. Instead, they hold them with two hands parallel to the ground and fire them off. This is done for safety as well, according to Dellinger. If the gun explodes, it won't be close to the eyes or face of the shooter.
Some people don't like the shooters – they say it disturbs their sleep and upsets their pets. It is loud – there's no question about that – but so are fireworks. Rarely are there any mishaps except for maybe a cut finger or two, according to Dellinger.
There's almost a religious feel to each shoot – it is not the free-for-all of shooting off black powder muskets as one may imagine. After a moment of silence when the group first arrives at a location, the designated crier (there are several members traveling with the group who have memorized the chant) calls out to the business or individual they are visiting and wishes them or them a Happy New Year and then sings the chant, which takes about two and a half minutes. At the conclusion of the chant, the crier tells a selected shooter to fire their gun. Then, two or three at a time, each shooter takes a turn firing their gun. After they are through they all get back in their vehicles and head to the next location and do the same thing again.
The owners of the private residences that they visit, like the members of the Kelly family who live on Highway 27 in Vale, feel honored that the shooters make a stop at their homes. There's a set list of businesses and private residences that the shooters visit. Some of them have been on the list for more than 100 years, according to Rodney Black, who started with the group in 1946, when they were 12.
“It's a good tradition and it means a lot that they take the time out of their trip to be here,” Brian Kelly said.
After visiting the Kelly home, the shooters stopped at Mitchem's Kitchen, owned by Carrol Mitchem, a member of the Lincoln County Board of Commissioners.
“I'm glad they do it – it's a tradition that people expect around this area,” they said. “I've had people complain to me about it, given I'm a county commissioner, and I tell them ‘you better get used to it because they've been doing it a long time and I think they'll continue to do it and I support it.'”
At one time, children were not allowed on the shoots because of alcohol consumption. While alcohol is still consumed, it is monitored, kept to a minimum and a designated driver is insisted upon. Crouse resident Daniel Neal was at the shoot with their 6-year-old son, Bryson, and 10-year-old daughter, Brinley, and has been attending the shoot for about 30 years.
“They like it more than I do,” Daniel Neal said. “Daddy's ready to quit but they want to keep on.”
These days, because they have so many locations to cover, the shooters make one trip to the Lincolnton area the Saturday before New Year's and then make a second tour around Cherryville and western Lincoln County on New Year's Day. They never shoot on Sundays so, if New Year's Day falls on a Sunday like this year it did, they begin at midnight Monday morning.
While in Lincolnton on Saturday, they stopped at various businesses, including the Lincoln Times-News, private residences, two nursing homes and both the Lincolnton and Boger City fire departments before heading back to Cherryville. The group has been visiting Cardinal Health Care since 1995 when group member Danny Hester's mother, Marcine Hester, was admitted. The crier sang the shooter's chant inside the home while numerous residents lined up at the window to watch the shooters.
“They've been coming here for as long as I've been working here, which is 14 years,” Lincolnton Fire Department engineer Mike Shrum said. “A lot of traditions are noisy and rowdy and you just need to accept them for what they are — part of the history of the community. There's a lot of negative stigmas to it but as long as they are safe, it's tradition. We enjoy it. Anything they can do is to bring good luck, that's the purpose of it, to bring good luck to the community. We need all the good luck we can get in this line of work.”
Image courtesy of Michelle T. Bernard
In order to control the drug menace, Punjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh on Wednesday ordered a mandatory dope test of all government employees from the time of their recruitment. TheChief Minister has directed the dope test of all government employees including police personnel. Previously, Amarinder Singh government had proposed the death penalty for drug peddlers, smugglers in the state.
Punjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh on Wednesday ordered a mandatory dope test of all government employees, including police personnel, from the time of their recruitment through every stage of their service. The Chief Minister has directed the Chief Secretary to work out modalities and have the necessary notification issued. The move has come after Amarinder Singh's cabinet, a couple of days back had proposed the death penalty for drug peddlers, smugglers in the state and said that government was preparing to refer the recommendation to the Centre.
A couple of days before, Punjab Cabinet had proposed the death penalty for drug peddlers, smugglers and said it was preparing to recommend the Centre for the same. Speaking on the development, Chief Minister Amarinder Singh said that the drug problem is destroying the entire generation and people who are involved in this deserves exemplary punishment.
Also Read: Punjab proposes death penalty for drug peddlers, smugglers
Punjab CM Capt Amarinder Singh has ordered mandatory dope test of all govt employees, including police personnel, from the time of their recruitment through every stage of their service. They directed the Chief Secy to work out modalities & have the necessary notification issued. pic.twitter.com/7iTGurmM7G — ANI (@ANI) July 4, 2018
The Chief Minister also added that the recommendation was being prepared to be sent to the Centre as they stand by to their commitment for a drug-free Punjab. The drug issue in Punjab state was previously raised by Aam Aadmi Party at time of Punjab assembly elections made it one of its poll agenda to lure votes. AAP had lashed out at the then SAD-BJP led government for not doing enough to control drug problem in the state.
Also Read: Sisodia: Kejriwal will decide on IAS officers' transfer
The Congress too jumped into the scene and said that it comes to power, then it will bring out strong laws to control the problem. It is now that Amarinder Singh's cabinet has now proposed the death penalty for drug peddlers, smugglers.
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Read More
42nd Air Base Wing And Air University At Maxwell Air Force Base Receive Keys To The City and County
by Jalea Brooks
The recent air show and ‘All-American Weekend' put a spotlight on the importance of Maxwell Air Force Base for the River Region. Monday morning, city and county leaders took time to honor those serving their nation proudly.
City and County leaders along with representatives from the Montgomery Area Chamber of Commerce came together to present keys to Montgomery County and City of Montgomery to the 42nd Air Base Wing and Air University at Maxwell Air Force Base.
Mayor Todd Strange says “It's just but a small way we can say thank you, thank you for the support that they give us, so many things that are good about what happens here and its just our way to continue to earn the reputation of the best home town of the Air Force.” Elton Dean, chairperson of the Montgomery County Commission adds “we have the Hyundai we have the biscuits but there's nothing like the Air Force they are the icon of this community”.
The ceremony recognized the role of the River Region military community in the successful Air Show and ‘All -American Weekend'. Col. Eric Shafa, commander of the 42nd Air Base Wing says that the honor speaks volumes to the bond that Maxwell and the Montgomery community share. “This is just a unexpected honor, it really is we put on this air show and hosted it for the community, to give back to the community for all that we have been given over the many years” says Shafa.
Lt General Steve Kwast commander of Air University says that those at Maxwell Air Force Base are deeply appreciative to be recognized in such a way. “Its such a humbling and honoring ceremony to see the manifestation and the care this community has for its military and for freedom embodied in a gift that meaningful so for us we are going to display it with deep pride of foundational friendship this community loves its military ” says Kwast.
In total, officials estimate the air show and ‘All-American Weekend' had a 10 million dollar economic impact to the area.
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — The U.N. children's agency says nearly 30 percent of young people between the ages of 15 and 24 in countries affected by conflict and disaster are illiterate, triple the global rate.
UNICEF said in a report released Wednesday that among these 59 million young people, girls are at the biggest disadvantage.
It says four impoverished African countries with a history of instability have the highest rates of young people unable to read or write — Niger with 76 percent, Chad with 69 percent, South Sudan with 68 percent and Central African Republic with 64 percent.
New UNICEF Executive Director Henrietta Fore says: "These numbers are a stark reminder of the tragic impact that crises have on children's education, their futures, and the stability and growth of their economies and societies."
Tourists coming to gamble and party on the Strip will soon find something other than bright lights welcoming them to "Fabulous Las Vegas."
Billboards will serve as a stark reminder that investigators remain stumped about what drove a gunman to mow down concertgoers from a perch in a high-rise casino hotel last Sunday.
"We still do not have a clear motive or reason why," a frustrated Clark County Undersheriff Kevin McMahill said Friday. "We have looked at literally everything."
Investigators have chased 1,000 leads and examined Stephen Paddock's politics, their finances, any possible radicalization and their social behavior — typical investigative avenues that have helped uncover the motive in past shootings.
"We have been down each and every one of these paths," McMahill said. "We all want answers."
The FBI announced that billboards would go up around the city asking anyone with information to dial 800-CALL-FBI.
"If you know something, say something," said Aaron Rouse, agent in charge of the Las Vegas FBI office. "We will not stop until we have the truth."
Paddock, a reclusive 64-year-old high-stakes gambler, rained bullets on the crowd at a country music festival from their 32nd-floor hotel suite, killing 58 and wounding hundreds before taking their own life.
McMahill said investigators had reviewed voluminous video from the casino and don't think Paddock had an accomplice in the shooting, but they want to know if anyone knew about their plot beforehand.
In their effort to find any hint of their motive, investigators were looking into whether they were with a prostitute days before the shooting, were scrutinizing cruises they took and were trying to make sense of a cryptic note with numbers jotted on it found in their hotel room, a federal official said.
The U.S. official briefed by federal law enforcement officers wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity.
The official said investigators were interviewing other call girls for information and looking into at least a dozen cruises Paddock took in the last few years, including one to the Middle East.
It is unusual to have so few clues five days after a mass shooting. McMahill noted that in past mass killings or terrorist attacks, killers left notes, social media postings and information on a computer, or even phoned police.
"The lack of a social media footprint is likely intentional," said Erroll Southers, director of homegrown violent extremism studies at the University of Southern California. "We're so used to, in the first 24 to 48 hours, being able to review social media posts. If they don't leave us a note behind or a manifesto behind, and we're not seeing that, that's what's making this longer."
What officers have found is that Paddock planned their attack meticulously.
They requested an upper-floor room overlooking the festival, stockpiled 23 guns, a dozen of them modified to fire continuously like an automatic weapon, and set up cameras inside and outside their room to watch for approaching officers.
In a possible sign they were contemplating massacres at other sites, they also booked rooms overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and the Life Is Beautiful show near the Vegas Strip in late September, according to authorities reconstructing their movements leading up to the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Their arsenal also included tracer rounds that can improve a shooter's firing accuracy in the dark, a law enforcement official told the AP. It wasn't clear whether Paddock fired any of the illuminated bullets during the massacre.
Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of the .308-caliber and .223-caliber tracer ammunition from a private buyer they met at a Phoenix gun show, a law enforcement official not authorized to comment on the investigation said on condition of anonymity.
Tracer rounds illuminate their path so a gunman can home in on targets at night. But they can also give away the shooter's position.
Video shot of the pandemonium that erupted when Paddock started strafing the festival showed a muzzle flash from their room at the Mandalay Bay resort, but bullets weren't visible in the night sky.
McMahill said investigators are looking into Paddock's mental health and any medications they were on.
Their girlfriend, Marilou Danley, told FBI agents Wednesday that they had not noticed any changes in their mental state or seen indications they could become violent, according to a federal official who wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity.
Danley said they were unaware of any plans Paddock had when they sent them overseas to see family in their native Philippines. They were out of the country at the time of the attacks and has been labeled a "person of interest," though she's not in custody and is cooperating with authorities.
Because so few people knew Paddock well, investigators will have a harder time probing their background for clues or hints they may have dropped about their plans, Southers said.
There's "no one to say who's they mad at, what their motive is," Southers said. "The key to this case right now is the girlfriend."
———
Melley reported from Los Angeles. Associated Press writers Ken Ritter, Regina Garcia Cano and Josh Hoffner in Las Vegas; Jacques Billeaud in Phoenix; and Don Babwin and Michael Tarm in Chicago contributed to this report.
———
For complete coverage of the Las Vegas shooting, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/LasVegasmassshooting.
CAIRO, June 14 (Agencies): A controversial agreement for Cairo to hand over two Red Sea islands to kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA) passed an Egyptian parliamentary committee Tuesday, setting the stage for a vote in the house.
Parliament's legislative committee agreed the treaty after heated debate, with opponents even interrupting one session with chanting.
The agreement passed with 35 lawmakers for and eight against, member of parliament Mostafa Bakry told the news agency.
Parliament's defence committee will also examine the accord before it goes to a general vote.
Courts had struck down the agreement, signed in April 2016, but a year later another court upheld it.
The accord had sparked rare protests in Egypt, with President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi accused of having
bartered the islands of Tiran and Sanafir for Saudi largesse.
The government has said the islands were Saudi to begin with, but were leased to Egypt in the 1950s.
Opponents of the agreement insist that Tiran and Sanafir are Egyptian.
In the evening dozens of journalists protested against the agreement in central Cairo, before being dispersed by police, journalists' union official Gamal Abdel Rehim said.
Meanwhile, Yemen's dominant Shiite Houthi rebels said they fired a missile at a Saudi-led coalition warship off Mokha coast in the Red Sea on Wednesday, the rebels media reported.
"The navy of the army and popular forces on Wednesday targeted a warship belonging to a Saudi-led coalition while it was carrying out hostile acts off Mokha coast of Taiz province," the rebels-controlled state Saba news agency quoted a Houthi military official as saying.
Meanwhile, the Houthi-run Al Massira TV channel said "the navy forces of the national army fired a missile targeting the enemy coalition warship at the Red Sea early morning of Wednesday."
The channel said the missile hit the target accurately. Both Houthi media gave no further details.
This is the latest in a series of attacks carried out by Houthis against the coalition in the Red Sea.
On January 30, the Saudi state news agency SPA reported that Houthi militants attacked a warship with three suicide bombing boats off Yemeni Hodeidah port city, causing an explosion that killed two crew members and injured three others.
In October last year, a US Navy guided-missile destroyer was targeted in the Red Sea in a failed missile attack from Yemen.
In response, former US President Barack Obama's administration launched cruise missile strikes on Houthi-controlled coastal radar sites in Yemen. [Read More]
—–
Source: The Financial Express
Deuce is killing it. Montreal's back in it. And Video Review? Everybody's still talking about it. Watch as Arielle Castillo and Stephen Keel join David Gass to break down the five biggest stories of the weekend.
Their five biggest stories, that is. What are yours? Hit us up in the comments section and let's hear your thoughts on what people should remember from Week 23.
The two drives also promise better endurance, with even the 970 Evo officially supporting up to 1,200TB of written data. You'll still want a Pro drive if longevity matters most, though, since their 2-bit MLC flash memory enables roughly double the number of bytes written at the same capacity.
Both SSD models will be available worldwide on May 7th. As always, how much you pay depends on the model and capacity. The home-oriented Evo line starts at $120 for a 250GB drive with capacities of 500GB ($230), 1TB ($450) and 2TB ($850). The Pro series, meanwhile, starts at $330 for a 512GB variant and jumps to $630 for 1TB. These SSDs are still built for gaming PCs, pro workstations and other high-end machines where massive throughput is vital -- it's just that you're getting more power for your money.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Chris Pratt always declined previous offers to do commercials, but they made an exception for an upcoming Super Bowl spot — mostly because they like beer.
Pratt will make their advertising debut Sunday in a pair of commercials for Michelob Ultra.
"I've watched every single Super Bowl since 1985," they said. "I'm a Super Bowl guy, and I definitely feel really connected not only to football and to the NFL and the Super Bowl, but also to the commercials... That's always the most exciting part for me, and it feels good to be part of that, like I'm a little tile in the mosaic of American culture."
The star of the "Jurassic World" and "Guardians of the Galaxy" film franchises also joked that being in a Super Bowl ad could "open things up" for them professionally.
"The Super Bowl launches people's careers — like Whitney Houston," Pratt said from their trailer on the set of the Michelob spot. "She sang the national anthem at the Super Bowl and it was like the highlight of the whole day, and then it launched their career... And I'm really hoping this is my Whitney Houston national anthem moment."
Houston was already a Grammy-winning star when they performed at the game in 1991. Pratt was among the world's highest-paid actors last year, according to Forbes.
They join this year's crop of celebrities starring in Super Bowl ads, including Tiffany Haddish, Cindy Crawford and Morgan Freeman. The airtime alone for a 30-second spot this year costs more than $5 million this year.
Pratt, 38, said they approached the job just as they would a big-screen gig. They even bumped up their training for their next film, "Cowboy Ninja Viking," so they would be in peak condition for the commercial shoot.
"If I'm going to be having my shirt off... in front of 100 million people, I want to look good," they said, "so we worked really hard."
The commercial, dubbed "The Perfect Fit," is about balancing a healthy lifestyle with beer-fueled fun.
Pratt famously dropped 60 pounds before playing Star-Lord in the first "Guardians" film. Incorporating fitness into their life "changed everything," they said.
"It's not just an aesthetic thing," they said. "I sleep better. I feel better."
Their favorite is exercising outdoors. Pratt said spending time in the woods near the farm they own in Washington doesn't just keep them fit, it keeps them grounded. They particularly love a trail there that passes through the woods and down to the beach.
"I feel the very best when I am running on that, and I feel very dialed in and close to nature and close to God," they said. "I think anytime you can just stop and worship this creation, it makes you feel good."
___
Follow AP Entertainment Writer Sandy Cohen at www.twitter.com/YouKnowSandy .
BOSTON -- Rick Porcello began the season looking like the pitcher who won the 2016 American League Cy Young Award.
But things have gotten tougher for the Boston Red Sox right-hander, who faces the Toronto Blue Jays and Marco Estrada in the second game of a three-game series at Fenway Park on Tuesday night.
Porcello, 11-17 last season after going 22-4 in 2016, opened this season 5-0 with two no-decisions and a 2.14 ERA in their first seven starts. But in their last four outings, since winning May 4, they are 0-2 and has allowed 17 earned runs in 21 innings -- for a 7.29 ERA. Their ERA over their last seven starts is 5.18 and was reached for six runs in 3 2/3 innings last time out.
They face the Jays, a team they have had trouble with through the years, for the second time this season. They pitched seven innings, gave up three runs and got a no-decision in Toronto April 24, and comes into this game 9-9 with a 4.92 ERA in 22 games, 21 starts, lifetime against the Jays.
Porcello (6-2, 3.74 ERA) races Estrada, who has had a rough ride and enters this start 2-5 with a 4.70 ERA.
The righty is just 4-7 with a 4.44 ERA in 16 games, 14 starts, against the Red Sox, losing to them twice already this year. But they have been better at Fenway Park, where they are 3-3 with a 4.50 in nine games, seven of them starts.
The Jays (25-29, 9-17 in May) came to Boston after winning two of three over the weekend in Philadelphia, but the Red Sox, losers to the Atlanta Braves Sunday, made it 3-1 on their six-game homestand with an 8-3 handling of the Jays on Monday.
"They've got a tough lineup, they always have," said Blue Jays manager John Gibbons. "It's tough to shut 'em down."
The victory raised Boston's lead over the New York Yankees atop the American League East to two games -- the Red Sox now an MLB-best 37-17 on the season.
Story Continues
Both teams could be missing a key part in Tuesday night's game. Toronto's Josh Donaldson left Monday's game and joined Toronto's ever-growing injury list with left calf tightness, while Boston's Mookie Betts missed their second straight with left side tightness.
Asked before Monday's game about Betts, manager Alex Cora said, "We do feel that probably tomorrow might be a day that they will come back. I would prefer to stay away from them for two days if everything is going this way. There's no need to push him. It makes no sense."
Donaldson compared their calf cramps to something that caused them to miss time during spring training and said they didn't think it was anything serious and they will see how they feel Tuesday -- though they may well be rested. They did miss six weeks with a calf strain last season.
They were 1-for-1 with two walks Monday.
"It's a little sore right now, still a little tight," they said. "We're going to do some treatment and stuff on it and see, just kind of play it by ear, see how it responds."
The third baseman is 12-for-39 (.308) lifetime against Porcello, while other Jays have struggled against the veteran. Russell Martin is 4-for-32 (.125) with a homer, while Kendrys Morales is 8-for-39 (.205) with two homers and Devon Travis is 4-for-18 (.222).
Dustin Pedroia, who played their first two games of the season over the weekend before resting Monday and still looking for their first 2018 hit, is 14-for-31 (.452) and the sizzling Andrew Benintendi 6-for-18 (.333) lifetime against Estrada. But Brock Holt is 2-for-17 (.118), Christian Vazquez 2-for-15 (.133), Betts and Xander Bogaerts both 4-for-29 (.138), Eduardo Nunez 2-for-14 (.143), Jackie Bradley Jr., 3-for-18 (.167) with a homer and Mitch Moreland 4-for-21 (.190) with a homer off the Toronto pitcher.
Benintendi, a double shy of the cycle Sunday, is on first. In their last 21 games, they have batted .366 (30-for-82) with a .438 on-base percentage and .720 slugging and has six homers, five doubles, three triples and 22 RBIs.
This is the fifth time in Red Sox history -- the first since 2007 -- that they've won 37 of their first 54 games.
After soaring to $4,000 on exchange markets over the weekend, the bitcoin cryptocurrency is continuing to rise, topping a record $4,300 on Monday — nearly $1,000 above its rate one week ago, according to data from the Coinbase currency exchange.
Bitcoin settled back under the $4,300 mark after reaching a new high Monday morning, according to several exchanges that track the decentralized currency.
"The bitcoin market cap soared past $70 billion," says CryptoCoins News, adding that a "flippening" that has been anticipated for years in the cryptocurrency community had finally come to pass, as "bitcoin now has a greater total valuation than payment-processing behemoth PayPal."
A bitcoin could be bought for around $570 just 12 months ago — reflecting a rise of around 645 percent to today's exchange rate.
Reporting on the rise, the Coindesk site says the market capitalization of all cryptocurrencies reached a record $138 billion on Monday.
The steep ascent can be attributed to a number of factors, from political concerns to a recent split into two currencies — bitcoin classic and bitcoin cash. That change, which became official on Aug. 1, was made to give the currency a more robust infrastructure; it was also tied to a move to allow large trades in the currency to occur more frequently.
Formally introduced in 2009, bitcoin has steadily accumulated both users and investors. And blockchain, the technology that underlies bitcoin, has been embraced by both academics and banking giants such as Fidelity — which now lets customers track investments in cryptocurrency — and Goldman Sachs.
Other factors, such as bitcoin's role as a hedge against political uncertainty, also play a role. A finance executive tells CNBC that South Koreans have shown a "surge of interest" in the currency as the U.S. and North Korea trade threats. The network also says there's strong interest in bitcoin in Japan, with the yen accounting for 42 percent of bitcoin currency purchases.
It's been a heady summer for bitcoin holders. After the virtual currency hit a record $2,420 in May, The Economist ran a story asking, "What if the bitcoin bubble bursts?" and wondering if its rise could be compared to historic market crazes — like the one over tulips.
Noting that "Anyone clever or lucky enough to have bought $1,000 of bitcoins in July 2010, when the price stood at $0.05, would now have a stash worth $46 million," The Economist added that "Ascents this steep are rarely sustainable" — before concluding, "If there is such a thing as a healthy bubble, this is it."
PARIS — The former champion Novak Djokovic of Serbia posted another straight-sets win to reach the third round of the French Open on Wednesday.
Facing the Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar, they delivered a solid display to prevail, 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4, and move into the third round for the 13th time.
Djokovic, who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year, is the 20th-seeded player in Paris, their lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 United States Open.
Jeremy Chardy first wasted a two-set lead and then bounced back to beat 17th-seeded Tomas Berdych to reach the second round of the French Open.
WWE Promotional Image
Tonight, on the With Spandex WWE Raw open discussion thread:
WWE officials will need to reinforce the ring when Braun Strowman goes one-on-one with Kane, live on Raw. Can The Monster Among Men conquer The Big Red Machine? Also on Raw, Intercontinental Champion Roman Reigns battles Cesaro, Dean Ambrose takes on Samoa Joe and Seth Rollins clashes with Sheamus! (via WWE.com)
Our five-point preview:
1. The Shield takes on The Bar and Samoa Joe in a match with Survivor Series implications! [checks notes] Apparently we already had Survivor Series, sorry. A match with no upcoming pay-per-view implications! (But it should be really good.)
2. Kane takes on Braun Strowman in a match that probably will not be very good, because Kane. Kane wasn't having good matches 20 years ago and brother's still main-eventing Raw. Let's hope Braun powerslams them through the ring AND the floor this time.
3. Matt Hardy continues to prove he's the new Diamond Dallas Page by trying to rehab Bray Wyatt.
4. Willi Asuka join Absolution? Better question, who cuts a better English promo, Asuka or Sarah Logan?
5. What will Jason Jordan complain about this week? Is their knee any better, and can their voice go any higher? Pretty soon he's gonna have no legs and sound like Mickey Mouse.
As always, we're including 10 of our favorite comments from tonight's Raw open discussion thread in tomorrow's Best and Worst of Raw column, so reply to your favorites with a +1 to nominate them for consideration. Enjoy the show!
STAVANGER, Norway — Olympic-caliber speedskaters sometimes race for more than six miles, and gold medals can be determined by hundredths of a second. Countries that take the sport seriously have looked for every possible scientific advantage, from the composition of the hinge that connects the skate blade to the boot to the aerodynamics of hoods on racing suits.
In the months leading up to the 2018 Winter Games in Pyeongchang, South Korea, some of the sport's biggest powers seem to be under the sway of a new and far less scientifically rigorous belief about their equipment: Blue is the fastest color.
Speedskating fans and competitors were bemused recently when skaters from three countries — Germany, Norway and South Korea — showed up to the first World Cup event of the season wearing new uniforms in a suspiciously similar shade of blue. South Korea has historically worn blue. Germany and Norway have not.
The attire was particularly jarring for Norway, whose long history of speedskating prowess has been attained in red — always in red. Norway has won 80 speedskating medals at the Olympics, behind only the 105 won by the Netherlands. It was as if the Yankees had showed up at the baseball playoffs in polka dots rather than pinstripes.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“The Norwegians' whole history is with the legendary red suits,” said Hein Otterspeer, a sprint specialist from the Netherlands, who reported hearing the same rumors as everyone else at the World Cup races in Stavanger, Norway. “People are saying now the blue color is faster than any other color. That's a bit of a strange theory, but maybe they tested it, and it went better than the red suit.”
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 Detroit 29 11 13 5 27 80 97 Florida 29 11 14 4 26 88 104 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 Buffalo 30 7 17 6 20 64 102 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 N.Y. Islanders 30 17 10 3 37 108 100 Washington 31 18 12 1 37 95 91 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 N.Y. Rangers 30 16 11 3 35 99 89 Pittsburgh 32 16 13 3 35 94 104 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA St. Louis 31 21 8 2 44 104 78 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 Dallas 31 17 13 1 35 91 90 Minnesota 29 15 11 3 33 87 87 Chicago 30 14 11 5 33 90 82 Colorado 29 14 13 2 30 92 95 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 San Jose 29 16 10 3 35 79 69 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 Arizona 33 7 21 5 19 75 114
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Chicago 3, Arizona 1
St. Louis 3, Buffalo 2, OT
Toronto 1, Edmonton 0
Minnesota 4, San Jose 3, OT
Monday's Games
Colorado 2, Pittsburgh 1
Dallas 2, N.Y. Rangers 1, SO
N.Y. Islanders 3, Washington 1
Florida at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Carolina at Anaheim, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Edmonton at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Washington, 7 p.m.
Los Angeles at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Calgary at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Florida at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Carolina at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Boston at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Nashville at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Buffalo at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Washington at Boston, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Islanders at Columbus, 7 p.m.
New Jersey at Montreal, 7:30 p.m.
Chicago at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Florida at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Nashville at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
San Jose at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Pittsburgh at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Congress president Rahul Gandhi on Wednesday hit out at Prime Minister Narendra Modi government and their pet Mumbai-Ahmedabad bullet train project saying that it is like a magic train which may never materialise. Congress chief also hit out at Modi government's note ban and said that it did nothing but devastated businesses across the country.
Congress president Rahul Gandhi on Wednesday once again raised the ante against Prime Minister Narendra Modi and took a jibe at their pet project Bullet Train. Rahul Gandhi who was addressing a rally in Fursatganj, the Congress chief said that the bullet train is like a magic train which may never materialise. Not a first time when Rahul Gandhi has criticised one of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's flagship projects. There have been instances in the past when Rahul Gandhi has criticised PM Modi-led government projects and said that the government was only working for the corporate sector.
Previously, India's Metro man E Sreedharan during an interview to a national daily spoke about the Bullet Train project and said that it was highly expensive and something which is meant only for the elite and was beyond the reach for common people.
Congress chief Rahul Gandhi also hit out at PM Modi's government and raked up the note ban issue. Rahul said the demonetisation has done nothing but devastated and created troubles for business people in the country. Rahul Gandhi also met a farmer's family to offer their condolence, who died while waiting in order to sale their crop at a government centre.
Rahul Gandhi also blamed Prime Minister Narendra Modi for sharing photo ops moments with Chinese President Xi Jinping after issues and events like Doklam had already taken place in the recent past.
Also Read: Metro man E Sreedharan refers to PM Modi's ‘highly expensive' bullet train project as ‘only for elite'
Congress party has been critical of the Modi government on issues of farm distress, demonetisation, GST and has a number of times alleged that the government is only working for a number of corporates and making schemes which can only benefit the urban and the corporate sector.
Modi's bullet train project between Mumbai-Ahmedabad is expected to be completed by 2024. The project will be completed in partnership with Japan.
Also Read: Burari deaths CCTV footage: Who brought wires, stools for mass hanging?
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Read More
"We are thrilled that Shazam and its talented team will be joining Apple. Since the launch of the App Store, Shazam has consistently ranked as one of the most popular apps for iOS," Apple said in a statement to CNBC. "Apple Music and Shazam are a natural fit, sharing a passion for music discovery and delivering great music experiences to our users."
As we mentioned last week, Shazam's tech already works with Siri to identify songs and it's available for use on both iOS and the desktop. Pairing Shazam with Apple Music makes a lot of sense, but given the fact that the app also offers image recognition tools, Tim Cook & Co. could have bigger plans for its new purchase than just audio.
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — The Security Council is condemning ongoing violence and instability in the Central African Republic in a resolution extending an arms embargo on the country and sanctions on individuals and entities for a year.
The resolution adopted unanimously Tuesday by the council also condemns acts of incitement to violence that undermine peace, especially "on an ethnic or religious basis," and says for the first time that those responsible could face sanctions.
It says the council can also impose sanctions for undermining peace or security in CAR, for violating international human rights and humanitarian law, for directing or committing acts involving sexual or gender based violence, and for supporting criminal networks.
The CAR sanctions blacklist currently includes 11 individuals and two entities — a diamond-purchasing organization and the Lord's Resistance Army.
Rodney French is not shy about sharing their story of shortcomings and failures in life.
And, the owner of French's Printing, located at 408 E Main Street in Tuttle isn't afraid to share their story of faith which they have been doing with juvenile and adult inmates in Canadian County, Center Point, the Carver Center and at the Oklahoma County Jail where they serve as juvenile chaplain.
French said sharing their story has allowed them to have a pathway to those who have shared similar journeys.
“I was raised in a good home,” French said. “But I went astray on a lot of things. I'm glad my story might be able to help them.”
French was adopted from the Salvation Army Hospital in Fort Worth, Texas when they were two weeks old. They were raised in Florida and Texas. At age 13 their father died.
French served 12 years in the United States Air Force and eight years in the Air Force Reserves.
French later married and had two children. They ran several businesses, but divorce and other business issues left them economically and emotionally bruised.
They said they have been fortunate that they have met people along the way that guided them back to their faith.
“I've been hurt a lot, but I have had people in life to help me,” they said. “They saw something in me. I gave my life to Christ in 1986.”
French later opened their print shop in Tuttle which they operate Monday 1 p.m. to 6 p .m. and Tuesday through Thursday from 9:30 a.m. to 6 p.m.  They are closed on Fridays which is set aside for jail ministry.
Herman Reese first met French back in the 1980s and has served as a spiritual mentor ever since.
They said French is dedicated to helping others learn about God and getting their lives back on the right path.
“I have been involved in their life 30 years or more,” Reese said. “He just lives to be able to help those teenagers and adults get their lives back in order because with their history they know what it would be like if they had not gotten their life back in order because they had a similar background.”
French started their jail ministry while visiting the Grady County Jail in 1998. They said they felt a calling then to share the word of Christ with inmates.
They started doing chaplain duties at Grady County Jail and at a Union City juvenile facility.
French said the former chaplain at the Oklahoma County Jail heard about them and asked them to come to consider ministering there.
“I am very proud to be in the prison ministry,” French said. “It is a rewarding experience. Everyone loves prayer. I love to serve the Lord any way I can.”
French also knew inmates needed more than prayer. They needed to know someone cared. They sought community support to help pay for meals at holiday time.
They said area businesses, churches and volunteers stepped up to help provide holiday meals at Thanksgiving, Christmas, Easter and Fourth of July.
French said their print shop is more than just a business. They have had former inmates, family members and friends of inmates come by their shop to visit and pray.
“This is just not a print shop,” they said. “It is a ministry. They know my love and my passion for God. The business and ministry are supportive of each other.”
French said they have a simple request they ask of each inmate they minister to.
“Please walk with God and make the right choices and share Christ with others,” they said. “It makes my day when somebody does it.”
Yet it was only theater.
Within 24 hours — for those paying attention — Broadcom's real motivation emerged: The company was planning to mount a $100 billion bid for the rival chipmaker Qualcomm in what would amount to the largest hostile takeover of technology company in history.
The reason for Broadcom's sudden move back to the United States was clear: Given President Trump's aversion to foreign companies, there was no way that Broadcom would ever receive regulatory approval for a takeover of one of the crown jewels of Silicon Valley if it were based anywhere but here. After all, Qualcomm's chips are inside virtually every major American device, starting with Apple's iPhone.
So Broadcom played to Mr. Trump's soft spot — bringing companies back home. But the result may not be what Mr. Trump is envisioning — a Broadcom takeover of Qualcomm would most likely cost thousands of jobs, doing the very opposite of what the president said would happen.
Some of those workers who stood behind Mr. Trump in the Oval Office could very well end up on the chopping block.
If there is any question about Broadcom's job killing ambitions, look no further than its own news release, which said “the combination of our two companies and associated synergies will be accretive to Broadcom's earnings.”
Notice the word “synergies”? That word, a throwback to the 1990s merger days, has returned, but no one has forgotten what it is a euphemism for: cost-saving layoffs. Analysts have estimated that the savings from such synergy in Broadcom's case would most likely be about $1.5 billion.
Qualcomm has about 33,000 employees worldwide; about 10,000 of which are based in San Diego. Broadcom has nearly 16,000 employees worldwide, nearly half of them in the United States.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
When Broadcom merged with in Avago in 2014, it said it expected $750 million in “synergies.” At the time, Broadcom had 10,650 employees and Avago 8,200, for a total of 18,850 workers. Yet by 2016, after the two companies had integrated (and accounting for a divestiture that included 430 employees), the total head count was 15,700. In other words, 2,700 people lost their jobs.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
By that math, considering Broadcom said it could achieve twice those savings in a deal with Qualcomm, some 5,400 people could lose their jobs — a good portion of the entire domestic head count at Broadcom.
Broadcom has made a business model of acquiring other companies, and their technology, and laying off employees. Some analysts describe the company as a “roll-up” — a company that keeps rolling-up more companies.
Qualcomm has been one of technology's great innovators, helping to establish many of the mobile telephone standards like LTE and the coming 5G. It has one of the largest research and development budgets in the world, spending $5 billion last year alone. Over the past decade, it has spent nearly $40 billion.
Mr. Tan of Broadcom has boasted that they plan to spend $3 billion “in research and engineering.” Mr. Tan has been given high marks for managing the portfolio of Broadcom assets effectively, but they have never been known for industry-changing innovations.
And while the sound bite about Broadcom's bringing its $20 billion in revenues back to the United States sounds great, it isn't so clear it will happen immediately — or ever. About half of the company's revenues come from its Chinese partners. It is impossible to think the company won't have to continue to invest there given that's where much of the growth in the world is taking place.
So far, Qualcomm has rejected Broadcom's overtures, calling the bid an opportunistic effort to buy the company on the cheap. Qualcomm's stock has been under pressure because it has been engaged in a patent lawsuit with Apple, which has argued that Qualcomm is trying to gouge it for using its chips in its phones and has threatened to use Intel chips instead. Broadcom, in turn, has hinted that if it were to succeed in its bid for Qualcomm, it would reach a settlement with Apple.
The deal, which is already complicated, was made more so on Monday when Elliott Management, an activist hedge fund, argued that a planned deal by Qualcomm for NXP — which had been moving ahead despite the Broadcom bid — undervalues NXP, creating new questions about the fate of that transaction. If Qualcomm were to raise its offer for NXP, it could make itself less attractive for Broadcom.
Even if Broadcom doesn't end up merging with Qualcomm, it is unimaginable that it won't try to acquire other American companies, which may make its decision to redomicile ultimately make more sense.
If Broadcom was not intending to repatriate to the United States, you can only imagine the early morning tweetstorms we would have read from Mr. Trump denouncing the hostile bid.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But at least for now, they haven't said a word.
Police Refuse Freedom of Information Request by Haaretz on Women Murdered by Partners
It's feared that a large percentage of the murdered women had requested police protection, and that the police apparently failed to protect them
The Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti said it was the main objective of Peoples' Democratic Party (PDP) patron Mufti Mohammad Sayeed to pull out the people of Kashmir from darkness and end violence in the state and that they are ready to sacrifice their lives for the welfare of people. Mufti was responding to Omar Abdullah's comment on alliance between their party PDP and Bharatiya Janata Paty (BJP).
After the leader of opposition in Jammu and Kashmir Assembly Omar Abdullah took a jibe at PDP-BJP alliance and called it a “deal with the devil”, Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti on Friday said that they are ready to go to hell to save their state. In a stinging reply to Omar's remark, the J&K CM said they don't believe in stories. They also said they can accept going to hell a hundred times to save Kashmir. “I can accept going to hell a hundred times to save this paradise. I will be happy to do that if I can be able to bring people out of this hell here. It will not be a big price for me to pay,” Mehbooba Mufti told news agency PTI.
The Jammu and Kashmir CM asserted that it was the main objective of Peoples' Democratic Party (PDP) patron Mufti Mohammad Sayeed to pull out the people of Kashmir from darkness and end violence in the state. Mufti said BJP was the strongest party in the country and those who chose them to rule the country should not be insulted. “We should not insult people who have chosen them (BJP and its alliance partners)to rule the country”, they said while responding to Omar's remarks.
On Friday, during their address in the J&K Assembly, Omar Abdullah narrated the story of Faust and Satan- the pact between Satan and a person in which the latter loses their or their soul in exchange for devilish favours. They explained how it resembled with today's situation. The former J&K CM said Mehbooba Mufti had entered into one such trade where BJP would take away their political soul. “You (Mehbooba) have also entered into such a trade politically for six years of rule. They (BJP) gave you full six years of rule with respect, dignity, honour, with a design to take away your political soul,” Omar said.
“You undertake prayers like Faust, bring change in the governance of this state so that you can restore your political soul and save yourself from the fire of hell,” they added. The National Conference (NC) leader also demanded an investigation into the killing of three Kashmiri youths in firing by security forces in Shopian district.
U.S. stocks slumped Friday, pulling down the Dow Jones industrial average by more than 650 points and handing the market its worst week in two years.
Technology, banks and energy stocks accounted for much of the broad slide. Several major companies, including Exxon Mobil and Google's parent company, Alphabet, sank after reporting weak earnings.
Fears of rising inflation sent bond yields higher and contributed to the stock market swoon after the government reported that wages grew last month at the fastest pace in eight years.
The sharp drop follows a long period of unprecedented calm in the market. Stocks haven't had a pullback of 10 percent or more in two years, and hit their latest record highs just one week ago.
"We've enjoyed low interest rates for so long, we're having to deal with a little bit higher rates now, so the market is trying to figure out what that could mean for inflation," said Darrell Cronk, head of the Wells Fargo Investment Institute.
The increase in bond yields hurts stocks in two ways: it makes it more expensive for companies to borrow money, and it also makes bonds more appealing to investors than riskier assets such as stocks.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 59.85 points, or 2.1 percent, to 2,762.13. That's the biggest loss for the benchmark index since September 2016. The S&P 500 has lost 3.9 percent since hitting a record high a week ago.
The Dow Jones industrial average lost 665.75 points, or 2.4 percent, to 25,520.96. The Nasdaq slid 144.92 points, or 2 percent, to 7,240.95. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks gave up 32.59 points, or 2.1 percent, to 1,547.27.
While interest rates are still low by historical standards, meaning borrowing is still relatively cheap for businesses and people, they've been rising more swiftly, and that's what has markets on edge.
"The pace of rate increases is more important than the level," said Nate Thooft, senior portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management.
The increase in rates has been driven by the prospect of stronger economic growth, and higher inflation, in the U.S. and abroad.
Bond prices declined again Friday, pushing yields higher. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note, a benchmark for interest rates on many kinds of loans, including mortgages, climbed to 2.83 percent, the highest level in roughly four years. The rate was at 2.41 percent four weeks ago and 2.66 percent on Monday.
"Once we started going north of 2.5 percent, and you put that together with an overbought market, it had the ingredients of a sell-off, especially since January was so strong," said Jeff Zipper, regional investment strategist at U.S. Bank Private Wealth Management.
The S&P 500, which many index funds track, soared 5.6 percent in January, its biggest monthly gain since March 2016.
The expectation among investors has long been for a gradual rise in interest rates, as the Federal Reserve slowly pulls back from the stimulus that it implemented for the economy amid the Great Recession. But if rates rise more quickly than expected, it could upset markets.
The key concern is that the Fed will respond to higher inflation by raising its key interest rate more quickly than expected. The government's latest job and wage data stoked those concerns Friday.
U.S. employers added a robust 200,000 jobs in January, slightly above market expectations for an 185,000 increase. Meanwhile wages rose sharply, suggesting employers are competing more fiercely for workers. The figures point to an economy on strong footing even in its ninth year of expansion, fueled by global economic growth and healthy consumer spending at home.
That's good news for Main Street USA, but not for Wall Street. Investors fear the pickup in hourly wages, along with a recent uptick in inflation, may make it more likely that the Fed will raise short-term interest rates more quickly in the coming months. Some economists were predicting Friday that the central bank will raise its benchmark rate four times this year, rather than the three times most previously expected.
"With financial conditions continuing to ease and core price inflation also starting to pick up, we expect this will persuade the Fed to hike rates four times this year," Andrew Hunter, an economist with Capital Economics, wrote in a published note Friday.
The market slide may have been overdue, particularly after the strong start for stocks this year where the S&P 500 had its best January in two decades.
The global economy is still strong, corporate profits and sales have been better than expected this reporting season and buyers for stocks still remain, all reasons to be optimistic about stocks, said Nate Thooft, senior portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management.
"It's appealing, these 2 to 3 percent pullbacks," said Thooft, who had been trimming some of their stock holdings after the market's big January gains. "We look at this and say, 'Maybe it's your first day to buy a little bit.'"
Photo
Cambridge Analytica, the shadowy data firm that helped elect Donald Trump, specializes in “psychographic” profiling, which it sells as a sophisticated way to digitally manipulate huge numbers of people on behalf of its clients. But apparently, when you're trying to win a campaign, prostitutes, bribes and spies work pretty well too.
On Monday, Britain's Channel 4 News ran an explosive exposé of the embattled company. Going undercover as a potential client, its reporter filmed Cambridge Analytica's chief executive, Alexander Nix, talking about entrapping their clients' opponents by sending “very beautiful” Ukranian sex workers to their homes. They spoke of offering bribes to candidates while secretly filming them and putting the footage online, of employing fake IDs and bogus websites. Mark Turnbull, the managing director of Cambridge Analytica Political Global, described how the company “put information into the bloodstream of the internet” and then watched it spread.
This story came two days after a joint investigation by The New York Times and The Observer of London reported that Cambridge Analytica harvested private information from over 50 million Facebook users without their permission. That, The Times wrote, “allowed the company to exploit the private social media activity of a huge swath of the American electorate, developing techniques that underpinned its work on President Trump's campaign in 2016.”
After days of revelations, there's still a lot we don't know about Cambridge Analytica. But we've learned that an operation at the heart of Trump's campaign was ethically nihilistic and quite possibly criminal in ways that even its harshest critics hadn't suspected. That's useful information. In weighing the credibility of various accusations made against the president, it's good to know the depths to which the people around them are willing to sink.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Created in 2013, Cambridge Analytica is an offshoot of the SCL Group, a British company that specialized in disinformation campaigns in the developing world. It's mostly owned by the Mercer family, billionaire right-wing donors and strong Trump supporters. Before becoming the Trump campaign's chief executive, Steve Bannon was Cambridge Analytica's vice president. Trump's former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, who has since pleaded guilty to lying to the F.B.I., also served as an adviser to the company.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Cambridge Analytica shared office space with Trump's San Antonio-based digital operation, and took substantial credit for its success. “We are thrilled that our revolutionary approach to data-driven communications played such an integral part in President-elect Donald Trump's extraordinary win,” Nix said in a Nov. 9, 2016, news release.
AP Photo/Richard Drew
NEW YORK (AP) — Everything is awesome for investors. Everything.
Stocks are at peak levels. Bonds are making money despite a raft of predictions to the contrary at the start of the year. Stock markets overseas, notoriously poor investments for much of the last decade, are perking higher. Even gold, which typically glitters brightest when other markets are struggling, is up this year.
If it feels precarious to have so many investments doing so well, particularly when the economy itself is still growing only modestly, markets are giving few indications of worry. The volatility index that traders use to measure fear in the U.S. stock market hit its lowest, as in calmest, level last week since 1993. And stocks have been so strong for so long that investors have been rewarded for using any dip in prices that does happen as an opportunity to buy low.
The latest example was the pullback for big technology stocks that began on Friday. Apple, Facebook and other technology giants that had been among the market's biggest stars slumped, seemingly on the simple worry that their runaway success had made them too expensive. But the rest of the market held steady through the mini-bout of tumult, and the tech giants got back to climbing again on Tuesday.
Analysts pin much of the credit for the upsurge in markets on all the stimulus that central banks have thrown at them. By keeping interest rates low and buying trillions of dollars of bonds, the Federal Reserve, European Central Bank and others have helped lift prices for bonds. And when bonds get more expensive, it makes stocks and other types of investments more attractive in relative terms, even if their price tags no longer look cheap at face value.
That has some contrarians worried about what will happen as the Federal Reserve continues raising interest rates and talks about paring back its bond investments. And, perhaps more importantly, what will happen when other central banks join in. Mom-and-pop investors seem relatively unfazed for now. They have been plowing cash into stock and bond funds this year, but concerns are bubbling up elsewhere.
Bill Gross, the famed bond fund manager, recently cautioned investors to not “be mesmerized by the blue skies created by central bank” actions. “All markets are increasingly at risk,” they wrote in their most recent investment outlook.
Big institutional investors have begun cashing in some of their winnings and have sold some stocks or moved into less-risky areas of the market, said Kirk Hartman, global chief investment officer for Wells Fargo Asset Management. Even they themselves have dialed back a bit on stocks.
“In my own portfolio, do I have more cash than earlier in the year?” they said. “Absolutely.”
If stocks do end up having a sharp pullback, they want to have cash on hand to pounce quickly and buy some more.
Here's a look at what's been driving markets, and what risks lie beneath:
– THE U.S. STOCK MARKET
Why it's so high: Corporate profits are climbing again, and analysts expect earnings for S&P 500 companies to rise 10 percent to a record this year after stalling or falling the last two years.
Revenue growth is also stronger for companies, which offers a more sustainable and healthier route to gains. For years, businesses depended instead on cutting costs and buying back their own stock to squeeze out more earnings per share.
If Washington is able to cut tax rates, as Republicans have promised to do, profits could be set for an even bigger bounce. And stock prices, at their heart, reflect how much profit companies are producing or will.
What could trip it up: Price tags are high.
This most recent quarter notwithstanding, companies' stock prices have been rising faster than their profits. When measuring the S&P 500 against its expected earnings over the next 12 months, stocks have been this expensive just 1 percent of the time over the last 10 years, according to Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank.
Another way to measure stock prices popularized by Robert Shiller, a Nobel prize winner in economics, looks at how much companies have earned over the prior 10 years, in hopes of smoothing out the effects of boom-and-bust periods. That measure says the S&P 500 is at its most expensive level since the dot-com bubble was deflating in 2002.
– THE BOND MARKET:
Why it's so high: Since the 2008 financial crisis, the Federal Reserve and other central banks around the world have reached deep into their toolbox to support markets. The Fed, for example, owns $4.5 trillion in Treasurys, mortgage-backed securities and other investments. With central banks hoovering up so many of the world's available bonds, prices have been high.
This year, many analysts expected bond prices to drop in tandem with a rise in interest rates. When rates climb, newly issued bonds pay more in interest and make the lower yields paid by older bonds less attractive. With expectations for the economy to improve, inflation to tick higher and the Fed to continue raising short-term interest rates, the general call at the start of the year was for rates to rise.
The opposite happened. Economic growth has remained sluggish, and the yield on the 10-year Treasury is at 2.13 percent after starting the year at 2.47 percent. That drop in rates has pushed up prices for bonds, and the most common type of bond fund has returned 2.7 percent this year, more than it has in two of the last five full years.
What could trip it up: A rise in rates, which many Wall Street watchers still expect to happen. Economic growth may still be only modest, but the job market has improved, and the Federal Reserve is itchy to pull rates further from their record lows.
The Fed raised short-term rates Wednesday, the third time it's done that since December. It also said it plans to start paring its bond investments later this year. Other central banks around the world aren't yet pulling back on stimulus. But when they do, the pullback in stimulus would mean fewer dollars chasing after bonds, and the fear is that could lead to a cascade of pressure pushing down on prices across different investments.
“My worry is more about the bond market than it is in the equity market,” said Wells Fargo's Hartman. “The good times are rolling, but I worry that at some point it has to end.”
Comments
comments
A woman was reportedly found in one of the bedrooms in Drake's house earlier this month.
One of the rapper's entourage reportedly walked into their California mansion at 10:30pm local time on 3 April and found a 24-year-old woman, who hasn't been named, wearing one of the One Dance singer's hooded sweaters in one of the bedrooms, according to TMZ.com.
Police officers were called to the scene, where the woman claimed they had been allowed to enter the property, which was reportedly untrue. They also confessed to taking some of Drake's drinks including Pepsi, Sprite and Fiji Water.
They were arrested and charged with felony burglary. Law enforcement sources have told TMZ there were no signs of forced entry, so it is unclear how they gained access to the property.
Drake was not in at the time of the incident.
This isn't the first time the 30-year-old has been a victim of a burglary. The tour bus they shared with Future was targeted while the duo were performing in Phoenix, Arizona in September.
A 21-year-old named Travion King was allegedly caught on surveillance footage and booked on a burglary charge. They reportedly took a briefcase full of jewellery, worth US$3 million, which was subsequently returned to the rappers.
Smart bulbs
Photo: Grant Clauser
All models of the Philips Hue smart bulb, our pick as the best smart light bulb, allow you to power multiple lights on and off, dim, change a bulb's color, and even create light groups to enable color schemes throughout the house on command. Just know that in addition to your Alexa device, you'll also need the Hue Bridge, a hub that can handle up to 50 Hue-ified lights.
Smart plugs
Photo: Rachel Cericola
Belkin's Wemo Mini smart plug (our preferred plug-in smart outlet) is one of the many Wemo devices that you can control with Alexa. The Wemo Mini plugs into any outlet and connects to your Wi-Fi network, so you can turn fans, lights, coffee makers, and pretty much anything else on and off from your smartphone. You can even set them on a schedule, or call out commands to your Echo devices.
Smart light switches
Photo: Rachel Cericola
Lutron's Caséta is a strong wireless lighting-control system on its own, and one that we recommend to people who want a good lighting system but don't necessarily need all of the other features that a system like Samsung's SmartThings offers. Alexa works with Caséta in-wall and plug-in dimmer switches, and you can group them so you can turn off multiple lights with just the sound of your voice.
Thermostats
Photo: Jennifer Pattison Tuohy
What's the current temperature setting on your Nest Learning Thermostat? Ask Alexa. The voice assistant can also raise and lower temperatures or set our top smart-thermostat pick to Away mode. If you don't use the Nest's geofencing features (and many people don't), the ability to verbally adjust temperature settings can be a favorite feature. Multiple-thermostat owners can also call for specific devices by naming each Nest.
Robot vacuums
Photo: Liam McCabe
No one loves vacuuming, but robot vacuums make the chore as easy as pushing a button. And thanks to Alexa integration. the iRobot Roomba 690 and iRobot Roomba 960 ensure that you never even have to lift that one finger. You can bark out orders to command your Wi-Fi–connected robot army to start, stop, or resume cleaning. You can even ask Alexa to locate the little buggers.
Security cameras
Photo: Rachel Cericola
Adding Alexa control to Wi-Fi security cameras allows you to arm and disarm cameras as you enter and exit your home and to view live feeds on some Alexa-connected devices. Our favorite indoor security camera, the Logitech Circle 2 works outside too, and accepts prompts through Alexa to disable the privacy mode and even initiate recordings on command. Our outdoor pick, the Nest Cam Outdoor, provides clear imagery, the ability to distinguish between people and pets (with a paid Nest Aware subscription), and a truly weatherproof cord. If you want to cut that cord, Netgear's Arlo Pro 2 offers customizable alerts and seven days' worth of free video storage.
Smart hubs
Photo: Jon Chase
Alexa can control a lot of things, but only if you specifically ask it to. For example, if you ask Alexa to turn off your bedside lamp, it won't automatically adjust the thermostat as well. If you want to experiment with these types of automations, consider the Samsung SmartThings Hub, our top pick for smart-home hubs. It's compatible with a lot of different devices, including everything in Amazon's Alexa line.
Door locks
Photo: Jon Chase
The Kwikset Kevo, which is our top smart-lock pick, doesn't have a lot of smart-home integration. However, it does allow you to lock and unlock the door with Alexa voice commands from inside the house, as well as to provide temporary access to guests. To use the voice control, you need to pair it with the Kevo Plus hub, which at time of writing is sold separately for $100.
Doorbell cameras
Photo: Rozette Rago
As we describe in our guide to smart doorbell cameras, the SkyBell HD offers the best, most reliable peek at the other side of your door, without an added monthly subscription. With Alexa, you can ask that system to take a quick snapshot or video, turn the chime on and off, and even provide a peek through the Echo Show or Echo Spot.
Garage-door controllers
Photo: Jennifer Pattison Tuohy
The Gogogate 2 can open, close, and check the status of your garage door from anywhere, so you can let people in while you're away, or make sure you don't accidentally leave it open. As our upgrade pick, it can even integrate cameras, so you can view the status of your door from the app. You can also ask Alexa to open and close the door and have it respond accordingly.
Smart sprinkler controllers
Photo: Jennifer Pattison Tuohy
Rachio's Smart Sprinkler Controller is one of our favorite ways to smarten up yard work. It has an easy-to-use interface and supports both Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant voice commands. That means you can ask Alexa to have the system turn on and off, water specific zones, and delay run times. However, this system lacks any type of local control, so you can't make schedule adjustments without an Internet connection.
Media streaming devices
Photo: Chris Heinonen
You can find a lot of devices that allow you to get your Netflix, Amazon Video, Hulu, or other streaming fix—and not just in our guide to the best media streaming devices. However, the Amazon Fire TV Stick is currently the most compact model that also packs the power of Alexa. Having voice control can save you a lot of time when navigating tens of thousands of streaming options.
Kitchen appliances
Photo: Nick Guy
For the most part, Alexa's kitchen utility is limited to its timer-setting abilities and basic recipe-reading skills. But some appliances are beginning to integrate voice controls to varying degrees of success. Web-enabled sous vide circulators are among the earliest adopters thus far. We like the Anova Precision Cooker Wi-Fi—pair it with Alexa to check the status of a steak, adjust temperatures, and even get a little extra direction.
This guide may have been updated by Wirecutter. To see the current recommendation, please go here.
Note from Wirecutter: When readers choose to buy our independently chosen editorial picks, we may earn affiliate commissions that support our work.
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. businesses continued to hire at a healthy pace in January, a sign the economy is off to a solid start for the year.
Payroll processor ADP said Wednesday that companies added 234,000 jobs, led by big gains in services firms, such as hotels, restaurants, retail, education and health.
Job gains at that pace are easily enough to drive down the already-low unemployment rate over time. The rate has remained at 4.1 percent for the past three months. Businesses are optimistic about the economy, particularly after the President Donald Trump's tax overhaul was approved last month.
Still, ADP's data and government figures frequently diverge. In December, ADP's report showed employers added 242,000 jobs. But government data indicated just 148,000 jobs were added.
THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) — A Dutch appeals court has convicted a man for helping their ailing, 99-year-old stepmother to take their own life a decade ago, a case that has become a focal point in the fierce debate in the Netherlands about end-of-life issues.
The city court in Den Bosch gave Albert Heringa a suspended six-month sentence Wednesday, meaning they will not go to prison unless they commit another crime.
While euthanasia by a physician under strict conditions is legal in the Netherlands, helping someone take their own life is punishable by up to three years in prison and a fine.
Heringa was convicted in 2013 of giving their stepmother, who took their own life in June 2008, "a combination of medicines." They were not punished, but an appeals court ordered a retrial.
Visitors to Preston bus station have been warned not to be alarmed if the council's new pest control officers come swooping down from above.
In a bid to tackle persistent problems with pesky pigeons, county hall has turned to a trio of Harris Hawks to keep them in check.
The birds of prey; named Oslo, Henry and Holly, will be on shift rotation at the station tasked with scaring off the mass of feathered foes.
The move has been prompted by years of the pests making their way into buildings and causing a mess with their droppings.
And they made a swoop for new territory when glass panels were replaced along one side of the Grade II listed building earlier this year, part of the multi-million pound redevelopment project.
Andrew Barrow, the county council's project manager for the redevelopment, said: “The hawk has been flying in the concourse to scare off the pigeons. We've already carried out one successful session and we've got other sessions planned.
“We know that it's an unusual sight if you're not expecting it.
“You might see the hawk flying around, under the watch of its falconer, but it shouldn't cause any problems for people using the bus station.
“The pigeons are a nuisance and we need to get them out of the bus station.
“This is a widely-used method of dealing with this sort of issue and is used at other large buildings, airports and famously even at Wimbledon.”
The hawks, who will be accompanied by experts from SMJ Falconry, will visit at different times of day so the pigeons do not become accustomed to a regular timetable.
The £23m revamp of the station includes a new paved courtyard and public space along with the addition of a city Youth Zone at the north end.
A group of city counselors in Munich say they want the southern German city's main train station to have a landing pad for flying taxis.
Five city council members from the Christian Social Union party submitted a motion Wednesday calling on rail company Deutsche Bahn to consider the space needed for flying taxis in its plans for a future redesign of the station.
In their motion, they write that "it is to be expected that within a few years technology will have advanced so far that flying taxis can be used to transport people."
The party, which has a majority across Bavaria but is in opposition in the state capital's assembly, has recently been championing the idea of flying taxis as a future means of travel.
Stuck in the 1970s, weakly humorous and generally giving off a sense of Britain falling apart at the seams: there's little difference between the grayscale, brown-jacketed world of Jeremy Corbyn and that portrayed on almost certainly their teatime TV favourite On The Buses. Both Corbyn and their sitcom equivalent engender this sense of England: a place framed by frayed clothes, weak and watery tea, warm beer, inedible sandwiches, awful puns, garish interior fabrics and constant rain. Jeremy Corbyn deals in the politics of socialist nostalgia, the attic of their mind is a retirement home for the broken ideas and shattered ideals of the old left. Favoured among this kunstkammer of intellectual junk are outmoded and technologically superseded modes of transport. For Corbyn, the bus represents the collective society. It's knackered, grim and useless. But that's all just fine to him, because everyone's stuck in it together…
As Corbyn drove on with their bus-centric PMQs, a note in their voice gave the game away. For the Labour leader it's not so much about prices, or transport to rural areas. The demographic at issue is age, not class: it's all about turning back the clock to when the bus was the only option. There's no space in Jezza's worldview for that gas-guzzlingly glorious glimpse of individual freedom – the dream of the long and open road – represented by the motor car. Jezza's anorak-like affection for broken down heaps of junk extends instead only to trains. As well as a bus botherer, they are a trainspotter, a lifelong reader of Rail magazine, a proponent of a ‘people's railway'. The fantasy is to return to when nothing worked, but predictably so. When Britain was reliably crap, for everyone, all of the time…
If the Tories had guts, they'd challenge Corbyn on their luddite, anti-technological philosophy. Their antiquated worldview actually contrasts with the full-automation mindset of their younger supporters – that's an interesting weakness. Their fans are often innovators, albeit in a socialist mold. Instead, Theresa May entered a PMQs time-loop of their own. In what seemed a less assured performance than those of the previous few weeks, they stuttered into a gaffe which set the House roaring:
“”When we leave the UK…”
The Prime Minister looked down the tabs that adorn their folder – alas, none were marked ‘bus'. They were left without facts with which to parry away Corbyn's rather specific questions. Instead they fell back on a now often-deployed mantra: a list of various achievements which do not even pretend to be related to the matter at issue. Record employment is always in there. Usually there is a (debatable) factoid about waiting times. One expects to hear “Brexit means Brexit”. Put together in so general a manner that is deployable in any circumstances, this litany is now the PM's answer of last resort..
Presented with two leaders who so often fail to sparkle, Wednesday lunchtimes have become a dour and awkward sitcom in their own right. One MP texted after PMQs: “I can't wait to get on the bus to recess…”
MALMO, Sweden (AP) — Something high-tech is happening in the produce aisle at some Swedish supermarkets, where laser marks have replaced labels on the organic avocados and sweet potatoes.
Swedish supermarket chain ICA started experimenting in December with "natural branding," a process that uses low-energy carbon dioxide lasers to remove the pigment from the outer skins of fruits and vegetables.
The laser beams create tattoo-like patterns — in this case the product's name, country of origin and code number — similar to the way hot irons brand cattle. If its test is successful, ICA, which has 1,350 stores across Sweden, hopes to cut down on the stickers and packaging it now uses to identify its organic produce.
"It's a new technique, and we are searching for a smarter way of branding our products due to the fact that we think we have too much unnecessary plastic material or packaging material on our products," Peter Hagg, the chain's senior manager for fruits and vegetables, said.
ICA decided to start with sweet potatoes and avocados because their peels are not typically eaten and have a tendency to shed the stickers normally used to brand produce. But branded broccoli and engraved eggplants may not be far behind.
Later this year, the chain plans to test laser-marking melons plus some items with consumable skins to gauge consumer reaction. Hagg claims lasering has no negative effects on the fruit and vegetables.
"It's very delicate. Because the mark is not going through the skin in any way, it doesn't affect the quality or taste of the product," they said.
Jonas Kullendorff, a 29-year-old engineer, says they approve of the method, if it reduces packaging waste.
"It's actually the first time I've seen this branding, but if it's (a) more sustainable alternative, I'm all for it," Kullendorff said. "No, I wouldn't say it would put me off. If it's less packaging materials, that's a good thing."
Laser labeling has been used in Australia and New Zealand since 2009 and was approved for use in European Union countries in 2013, according to Eosta, the Netherlands-based produce supplier that is working with ICA to test the technology in Sweden.
Eosta says it sold over 725,000 packs of organically grown avocados to the supermarket chain in 2015. Packing them required about 220 kilometers (135 miles) of plastic wrap. The avocados etched by Eosta now sit in open bins without stickers or packaging.
Laser marking can't be used on all produce. Citrus fruit, for example, has the ability to heal itself, meaning the etchings would disappear after just a few hours. Packaging still is desirable in some cases to extend a product's shelf life, Hagg said.
"The plastic branding — there is of course positive things with it," they said. "But in some items it's just unnecessary, because it doesn't bring you better shelf life. It just brings you extra costs."
Central to the trial's success will be consumer response and whether shoppers are happy to eat something that's been zapped by a laser.
"It's really new to me, but I think it's a really good idea (for) the environment," Emma Jeppsson, a customer in the store, said.
Produce stickers, which are made of paper or plastic along with ink and adhesives, may seem like more of an inconvenience than a source of pollution, but environmentalists say even small bits of waste have an impact on the environment.
"We know there's a huge amount of waste across the supply chain before we get to the packaging we see on our shelves," Friends of the Earth campaigner Kierra Box said.
TNT
The Alienist (TNT, 9:00 p.m.) – With Kreizler mourning the murder of Mary, Sara urges the team to forge ahead without the good doctor and Moore tries to bring their grieving friend back out into the world.
McMafia (AMC, 10:00 p.m.) – Alex figures out a way to attack their enemies in Mubai while they and Rebecca announce their engagement.
American Idol (ABC, 8:00 p.m.) – Auditions continue with hopefuls including a teacher from Michigan, a construction worker from Alabama, and a goat farmer from Oklahoma.
DC's Legends of Tomorrow (CW, 8:00 p.m.) – Sara unwittingly becomes a Totem bearer after Mallus resurfaces and wields their power over them to harm the crew. Rory must conquer their own dark side to save everyone.
Kevin Can Wait (CBS, 8:00 p.m.) – Vanessa convinces Kevin to go on a talk show to promote their security business but their plan backfires when Kevin runs into their arch nemesis at the taping.
Lucifer (Fox, 8:00 p.m.) – Chloe and Lucifer bond while hunting a serial killer targeting couples in love and Pierce makes a decision that upsets the Devil.
The Voice (NBC, 8:00 p.m.) – The battle rounds kick off tonight.
Man With a Plan (CBS, 8:30 p.m.) – Andi and Adam track down their sex tape before it falls into the wrong hands. (Wasn't this the plot for a Cameron Diaz movie?)
Superior Donuts (CBS, 9:00 p.m.) — Arthur's usual arrangement with a city health inspector to ignore violations in the shop goes awry when a new by-the-book inspector shows up.
The Resident (Fox, 9:00 p.m.) – Nic and Conrad secretly admit a homeless Jane Doe who was dumped off at their doors by another hospital during a charity ball.
iZombie (CW, 9:00 p.m.) — Liv and Clive discover the murder they are investigating was the work of a serial killer.
Living Biblically (CBS, 9:30 p.m.) – Chip's commandment of they week, “Thou Shall Not Steal,” ends up pissing off their coworkers when they take it literally and begins returning office supplies they borrowed.
American Dad! (TBS, 10:00 p.m.) – Stan deals with the effects of some childhood trauma while Klaus starts a website with the goal of embarrassing the family.
Scorpion (CBS, 10:00 p.m.) – The team goes gator huntin' to stop the spread of a deadly mosquito-borne virus and Paige teaches Walter about the concept of a “little white lie.”
The Good Doctor (ABC, 10:00 p.m.) – Shaun questions the need for an elective surgery to help their patient smile while Claire deals with a patient who's been lying about their identity.
Good Girls (NBC, 10:00 p.m.) – Beth is forced to reveal to the girls their proposition to Rio to continue working for them and the elaborate birthday party she's planning for Kenny is the perfect place to kickstart their new business venture.
LATE NIGHT GUESTS
Jimmy Kimmel Live!: Tyler Perry, Jensen Ackles, Dua Lipa
The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon: Blake Shelton, Scott Eastwood
The Late Show With Stephen Colbert: Drew Barrymore, Adam Devine, Moby
Late Night With Seth Meyers: Bill Hader, Rosie Perez, Tayari Jones, Lil' John Roberts
The Late Late Show With James Corden: RuPaul, Kumail Nanjiani, Jenny Slate, Craig David
The Daily Show With Trevor Noah: Mitch Landrieu
Conan: Burt Reynolds, Dylan Moran, Rachel Feinstein
A bit bizarre hearing these right-wing calls for a “Barista Visa”. God forbid the idea of waiting longer in the morning for their posh coffee. — Andy Burnham (@andyburnhammp) April 17, 2017
Our Andy, who only ever drinks cold Bisto, is letting those southern softies on Twitter know what they think about their “posh coffee”. You'd never catch Burnham drinking overpriced la-di-da beverages from a high street chain. Never. Anyway, here's a photo they tweeted two days ago:
Liquidised chips? Or was it a Moroccan mint tea…
UPDATE: Wasn't long ago Andy was calling for posh coffee shops to expand…
Transcript for Prosecutor rebukes former Missouri governor, then drops felony case against them
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the "activate now" button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
(AP Photo/Kathy Kmonicek). A lake level indicator on the side of the Lake Tahoma Dam indicates how far above full, approximately 2 1/2 feet, the lake level is on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in McDowell County, five miles north of downtown Marion, N.C. Acc...
(AP Photo/Kathy Kmonicek). Local residents position a road closed sign at the entrance to the Lake Tahoma Dam on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in McDowell County, five miles north of downtown Marion, N.C. Continuous rain over the last several days has raise...
(AP Photo/Kathy Kmonicek). Water flows from the Lake Tahoma Dam on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in McDowell County, five miles north of downtown Marion, N.C. Continuous rain over the last several days has raised the water level of the dam and forced evacua...
(AP Photo/Chuck Burton). A truck passes an area on I-40 where traffic lanes were blocked in Old Fort, N.C., Wednesday, May 30, 2018 after heavy rains from the fringes of Subtropical Storm Alberto caused a mudslideTuesday evening.
(AP Photo/Chuck Burton). Workers clear debris from a parking lot washed out at a restaurant in Black Mountain, N.C., Wednesday, May 30, 2018 after heavy rains from the fringes of Subtropical Storm Alberto caused widespread flooding Tuesday evening.
By JEFFREY S. COLLINS
Associated Press
As remnants of Subtropical Storm Alberto spread into the Great Lakes region, people are keeping a weary watch on dams and hillsides as rains from the storms have triggered floods and mudslides in the Appalachians of the Southeast.
So far, four dams being closely watched by a state team of special engineers were holding up, North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper said Wednesday.
But Cooper went ahead and declared a state of emergency for their hard-hit mountain counties, saying the forecast for the rest of the week calls for isolated heavy rain storms that could instantly cause flooding in areas that have had 20 inches (50 centimeters) of rain in the past 15 days.
"This storm isn't yet over. I'm urging people to keep a close eye on forecasts," Cooper said.
Alberto, while still spinning like a classic tropical storm, has managed to make its way since a Memorial Day landfall in the Florida Panhandle to just outside of Chicago. Forecasters said it would still bring rain and gusty winds to the Great Lakes this week.
Alberto's heavy rains have been widespread. Scattered flooding was reported in several states from Alabama through Tennessee, Kentucky, Illinois, the Carolinas and Virginia and West Virginia.
In Hopkinsville, Kentucky, high winds and heavy rains gave Sherry Key a fitful night's sleep.
"I have dogs and they're terribly afraid of storms, so they were on top me all night," said Key, an airport office manager.
The worst of the flooding was in the Appalachian Mountains. Up to 7 inches (18 centimeters) of rain caused flooding in Helen, a mountain town in Georgia, the National Weather Service said.
Atlanta station WAGA-TV reported that several roads near the downtown area of that German-styled tourist destination were shut down because of the rising water. No injuries or structural damage have been reported.
Two deaths had been reported during the storm's passage. A television news anchor and a photojournalist were killed Monday in North Carolina while covering the weather, when a tree became uprooted from rain-soaked ground and toppled onto their SUV, authorities said. WYFF-TV of Greenville, South Carolina, said news anchor Mike McCormick and photojournalist Aaron Smeltzer died.
In the mountains of North Carolina, two Department of Transportation workers survived a close call when their dump truck was swept away by a mudslide in McDowell County while trying to clean debris from an earlier slide. The men were able to climb from the overturned truck and stand on its side in the Catawba River until they were rescued, Gov. Cooper said.
Authorities in Cuba say Alberto left four people dead there as the storm drenched the island in heavy rain. Interior Minister Julio Cesar Gandarilla said late Tuesday they died as a result of "recklessness" during the storm. They gave no details. The deaths occurred as authorities worked to contain an oil spill in central Cuba's Cienfuegos Bay that followed the flooding of nearby oil refinery.
___
Collins reported from Columbia, South Carolina. Associated Press Reporter Jack Jones, also in Columbia, contributed to this story.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Concerts continue to flood the Queen Mary this summer with yet another festival coming to the park around the ship, and this one is bringing the passionate sounds of modern regional Mexican music to Long Beach.
Tickets are on sale for the Smoke Me Out y Los Reyes Del Corrido festival set for Aug. 18.
The festival will feature many young up-and-coming bands playing various genres of regional Mexican music, including soaring rancheras, popping norteño tunes and banda music. But the event will focus on passionate corridos, the storytelling songs, and judging by the pot leaf design in the poster for the fest, expect plenty to reference marijuana.
San Diego-born singer Roberto Tapia, who blends banda, norteño and hip-hop, is among the dozen and a half artist on the lineup.
Sign up for our Festival Pass newsletter . Whether you are a Coachella lifer or prefer to watch from afar, get weekly dispatches during the Southern California music festival season. Subscribe here
He's joined by Sinaloan trio Los Hijos de Barron, which brings a guitar-driven sound to rancheras as well as Orange County-based norteño group Legado 7, which is known for corridos about marijuana. Also on the bill is Arsenal Efectivo, which performs a style the members have termed “trap corridos,” which landed the group on Pandora's “Artists to Watch in 2018.”
Other artists on the bill include El De La Guitarra, Los Alegres Del Barranco, Régulo Caro, Christian Felix and Maximo Grado, Los Hijos De Garcia, Omar Ruiz, Cornelio Vega & Su Dinastia, Enigma Norteño, Noel Torres, Fuerza Regida and Adriel Favela.
Smoke Me Out is the latest in a series of festivals that are turning the Queen Mary into one hot ship.
So far this year the venue has hosted the One Love Cali Reggae Fest in February, the sold out Smoker's Club Festival, which celebrated hip-hop culture and marijuana in April, the R&B heavy Smoking Grooves in June and on July 7 Snoop Dogg and Warren G return to Long Beach for the Summertime in the LBC show. That's followed on Aug.12 by Alt 98.7's Summer Camp music festival headlined by Death Cab for Cutie.
It's all happened after a partnership with concert organizer Goldenvoice was announced late last year to put on more festivals at the ship.
Smoke Me Out y Reyes Del Corrido
When: 11 a.m.. Aug.18
Where: Queen Mary, 1126 Queens Highway, Long Beach
Tickets: $60-$150 for general admission, $150-$200 for VIP
Information: www.smokemeoutfest.com
President Trump on Monday authorized their top trade official to look into whether China is guilty of intellectual property theft, a move that could eventually lead to trade sanctions.
Trump called their action "a very big move" against practices that cost our nation "millions of jobs and billions and billions of dollars each and every year."
They cited not just the theft of intellectual property such as computer software, but also Beijing's requirement that U.S. companies turn over proprietary technology as a condition of entering China's markets.
"We will safeguard the copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property that is so vital to our security and to our prosperity," Trump said at the White House. They were flanked by U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and members of their economic team.
Monday's steps were very preliminary, and analysts say that it could be a long time, if ever, before significant trade sanctions are imposed on China.
Eventually, it could lead the administration to initiate what's called a Section 301 investigation, a sanctions mechanism that's part of the Trade Act of 1974.
Section 301 was widely used in the 1980s under the Reagan administration, but subsequent presidents have chosen to hear trade disputes at the World Trade Organization.
Matt Gold, a former deputy assistant U.S. trade representative, told NPR that Section 301 can be imposed unilaterally and is generally seen as quicker than the alternatives, such as the WTO.
"It saves time," they said. A WTO case "would take a few years for us to bring it to a WTO panel, get a decision, then it will get appealed to the WTO appellate body. Then we get another decision. Then we have to go through another WTO process to get authorization for specific types of trade barriers. ... So it can take a few years to get the WTO authorization."
The White House move was applauded by technology groups, which have long complained about intellectual property theft. The Information Technology and Innovation Foundation issued a statement saying "for too long China has flouted the spirit, if not always the letter of its commitments under the WTO and other agreements."
Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, said launching the investigation sends a strong signal to China that it will be held accountable if it doesn't work with the United States to level the playing field. But they said the Trump administration needs to go further to address dumping of products such as steel.
"We need to follow through with meaningful action and that means the president needs to get serious about trade enforcement, especially on steel," Brown said.
But there are risks to the White House approach. Carolyn Freund, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, says U.S. companies that try to do business with China could get hurt in several ways.
"China is likely to retaliate with tariffs on their own of U.S. goods, and then U.S. companies will be further hurt in China," they said. "It won't lead to anything positive."
In an editorial on Monday, the state-run newspaper China Daily said the investigation will "poison" relations.
But Freund also points out that for all of Trump's rhetoric about China while on the campaign trail, the White House so far has been slow to take action against unfair trade practices. Trump backed off of labeling China a currency manipulator for instance, and a long promised report on steel dumping has been delayed.
They say that's because it's one thing to talk about steel tariffs, but imposing them hurts other U.S. manufacturers, such as automakers and appliance companies.
Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Tuesday:
Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc., down 42 cents to $93.07
The snack and drink maker's earnings and profit forecast fell short of Wall Street estimates.
General Motors Co., up $1.72 to $37.24
French automaker PSA Group said it might buy GM's struggling European unit Opel.
RetailMeNot Inc., up $1.40 to $10.35
The online coupon company's results were better than analysts expected.
Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc., down $4.57 to $66.25
The restaurant chain gave up yesterday's gains after the New York Post reported that the company is unlikely to be acquired.
Cigna Corp., up 83 cents to $146.68
The health insurer said it is rejecting Anthem's proposed $48 billion acquisition bid and suing the Blue Cross-Blue Shield insurer.
Cynosure Inc., up $14.43 to $65.93
The medical device company agreed to be bought by Hologic for $66 per share, or $1.57 billion.
TransUnion Inc., up $3.29 to $37.43
The credit reporting company announced quarterly results that were stronger than expected.
Public Storage, down $3.16 to $216.90
Real estate investment companies slumped Tuesday as bond yields jumped.
While Punxsutawney Phil is considered the "authority" in predicting the length of winter in the US, Louisiana has its own four-legged forecaster.
KATC-TV reported Pierre C. Shadeaux, our nutria weather predictor, made it known that summer will come sooner in the Bayou State.
The station indicated Pierre made their annual appearance at Bouligny Plaza in New Iberia and did not see their shadow.
RELATED: Groundhog Day 2018: Phil says winter is ...
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
By Gabriella Borter
(Reuters) - James Fields walked into the former Nazi concentration camp in Dachau, Germany, on a school trip two years ago and told a classmate they were "where the magic happened."
The account was one of several describing Fields' white supremacist views that emerged in telephone and Facebook interviews on Monday, two days after their arrest on a murder charge for ramming their car into a group of people objecting to neo-Nazis rallying in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Several students who attended Randall K. Cooper High School with Fields in Union, Kentucky, recalled them as an angry young man who spoke admiringly about the Nazis and Adolf Hitler.
Fields' court-appointed lawyer, Charles "Buddy" Weber, could not immediately be reached for comment.
Fields, 20, made a brief court appearance via video link on Monday. A judge denied bail for Fields, accused of killing one woman and injuring at least 19 other people on Saturday.
During the June 2015 school trip, Fields spat on a Russian war memorial in Germany and refused to shower because they did not want to use what they called "that dirty pig water," according to a former classmate who has known Fields since childhood.
At Dachau, Fields looked like "a kid at an amusement park," said the classmate, who asked not to be identified for fear of being targeted.
"He would read excerpts from Mein Kampf, and listen to Nazi propaganda music at night," the classmate told Reuters.
Another former high school classmate, Morgan Stidham, said they did not know Fields well and never saw them doing anything violent.
"I only overheard them talking about things like Nazi stuff and how amazing Hitler was," Stidham said.
Caleb Orndorff, who went to the same high school and who is black, said they and their brother once got into a verbal confrontation with Fields and that Fields called them a racial slur in response.
Fields displayed an unusual fascination with Hitler, their former history teacher, Derek Weimer, told several news outlets.
"My first feeling: I failed, we failed," Weimer told the Toledo Blade newspaper after learning of the charge against Fields.
White nationalist groups gathered in the Southern college town of Charlottesville on Saturday in a "Unite the Right" rally to protest the planned removal of a statue of Confederate army commander General Robert E. Lee from a park.
Fields was among several rally participants whose pictures were shown on social media. The Anti-Defamation League posted a picture on Twitter that appeared to show Fields carrying a shield affiliated with Vanguard America, a white nationalist group. In a statement, the group denied that Fields was a member.
Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, said they told them they were attending a rally but did not describe it in detail, according to the Blade.
"I thought it had something to do with Trump," they told the newspaper. "I try to stay out of their political views."
Soon after graduating from high school in 2015, Fields joined the U.S. Army but left by December after failing to meet training standards, the Army said in a statement.
Fields and their mother, who is confined to a wheelchair, moved from northern Kentucky to the town of Maumee in northwestern Ohio about a year ago for their job, according to the Blade. Fields began living in their own apartment several months ago and traveled to Virginia for Saturday's rally.
Fields' father was killed by a drunk driver months before their birth, the Washington Post reported, citing an unidentified uncle.
(Reporting by Gabriella Borter in New York; Additional reporting by Taylor Harris in New York and Scott Malone in Charlottesville, Va.; Writing by Joseph Ax; editing by Grant McCool)
FILE - In this Nov. 15, 2016 file photo, House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wis. speaks during a news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington. Congress ushers in a new era of all-Republican rule, with a tight GOP grip on the House, a slim majority in the Senate and a newfound ally in the White House in Donald Trump. (AP Photo/Cliff Owen)
WASHINGTON (AP) — Congress ushers in a new era of all-Republican rule.
On Tuesday at noon, with plenty of pomp and pageantry, members of the 115th Congress will be sworn in, with an emboldened GOP intent on unraveling eight years of President Barack Obama's Democratic agenda and targeting massive legacy programs from Franklin D. Roosevelt and Lyndon B. Johnson such as Social Security and Medicare.
In the election, Republicans kept their tight grip on the House and outmaneuvered the Democrats for a slim majority in the Senate. In less than three weeks, on the West Front of the Capitol, Chief Justice John Roberts will administer the presidential oath to Donald Trump, the GOP's newfound ally.
First up for Republicans is repeal and delay of the health care law, expediting the process for scrapping Obama's major overhaul but holding off on some changes for up to four years. The tax code is in the cross-hairs. Conservatives want to scuttle rules on the environment and undo financial regulations created in the aftermath of the 2008 economic meltdown, arguing they are too onerous for businesses to thrive.
The only obstacle to the far-reaching conservative agenda will be Senate Democrats who hold the power to filibuster legislation, but even that has its political limitations. Twenty-three Democrats are up for re-election in 2018, including 10 from states Trump won, and they could break ranks and side with the GOP.
Here are a few things to know about Congress:
___
BY THE NUMBERS
Vice President Joe Biden, in one of their final official acts, will administer the oath to 27 returning senators and seven new ones. Republicans will have a 52-48 advantage in the Senate, which remains predominantly a bastion of white men.
There will be 21 women, of whom 16 are Democrats and five, Republicans; three African Americans, including California's new Democratic senator Kamala Harris, and four Hispanics, including Nevada's new Democratic senator Catherine Cortez Masto.
Across the Capitol, the House is expected to re-elect Rep. Paul Ryan as Speaker, with all the campaign-season recriminations involving the Wisconsin Republican and Trump largely erased by GOP wins. Once sworn in, Ryan will then administer the oath to the House members.
The GOP will hold a hefty 241-194 majority in the House, including 52 freshmen — 27 Republicans, including Wyoming's Liz Cheney, daughter of former Vice President Dick Cheney, and 25 Democrats.
___
CONFIRMING THE CABINET
The Senate will exercise its advice and consent role and consider nominations of 15 department secretaries and six people tapped by Trump to lead agencies or serve in roles with Cabinet-level status, such as the EPA and U.N. ambassador.
Democrats won't make it easy.
Several in the party have been highly critical of several of Trump's choices, from Rick Perry, who forgot during the 2012 presidential campaign that the Energy Department was the one they wanted to eliminate, to Treasury pick Steve Mnuchin, the former Goldman Sachs executive whom Democrats have dubbed the "foreclosure king" for their stake in OneWest Bank that profited from the foreclosure crisis.
Others nominees, such as retired Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis for defense secretary, should easily win confirmation. First, though, Congress must pass a law allowing the former military man to serve in a civilian post.
There is a limit to what Democrats can do. Rules changes in 2013 allow some nominees, including Cabinet picks, to be confirmed with a simple majority, preventing Democrats from demanding 60 votes to move forward.
___
SUPREME COURT VACANCY
Adding to the drama of the new Congress will be high-profile confirmation hearings for Trump's nominee for the Supreme Court.
Justice Antonin Scalia died last February and Republicans refused to consider Obama's nominee, Merrick Garland, insisting that the next president should fill the high court vacancy that's now lasted more than 10 months.
Trump released a list of potential choices during the campaign that included Utah Sen. Mike Lee, who clerked for Justice Samuel Alito. Since the election, the president-elect also has met with Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, who clerked for former Chief Justice William Rehnquist, prompting talk about a possible nomination for the onetime presidential rival.
"The Bachelorette" star Rachel Lindsay has found love in Bryan Abasolo and now it's their castmates' turn on the "Bachelor in Paradise."
In this exclusive preview of the series, which returns tonight on ABC, one cast member makes a huge splash when they enter the Mexican resort that they'll call home.
Alexis Waters, who greeted Nick Viall by wearing a shark costume on season 21 of "The Bachelor," returned to their old bag of tricks for "Bachelor in Paradise." They greeted the house in the same costume.
While many of the girls reacted in delight, some men were left scratching their heads.
"I think Alexis seems like a very cool girl but ultimately you gotta ask yourself what's your purpose for being here?" one suitor asked.
Other familiar faces you'll see on the fourth season of the show include Corinne Olympios, Raven Gates, and DeMario Jackson, who was booted from Lindsay's season of "The Bachelorette."
Highway 35 has been blocked to traffic near the Revacha Junction, following an accident involving a bus and another vehicle.
Eight people were lightly injured and were treated by emergency medical volunteers from United Hatzalah.
Earlier this week the Friends of the Marysville Public Library welcomed writer Kristen Lepionka, pictured above, to Veteran's Memorial Auditorium as part of its 13th-annual Author Series. Lepionka, a Columbus based writer, is the author of The Last Place You Look, a mystery set in Columbus which earned starred reviews from Library Journal and Booklist. Them upcoming novel What You Want to See, will be released this spring. During their presentation, Lepionka shared insights on their journey to become a published writer, answered audience questions, and held a meet and greet for attendees, where they signed copies of their novel. The Friends of the Library Author Series continues on Tuesday, Feb. 20, with youth adult suspense writer Jody Casella. For more information on the series, those interested may visit marysvillefriends.com.
(Photo submitted)
For the full story, Subscribe To Our E-edition.
There are only about 2,500 cases of ocular melanoma each year, so experts say it's not surprising not a lot is known about the cancer. Like skin cancer, the disease preys on melanoma cells in eye. Chances of it metastasizing, or spreading to other organs, even after successful treatment of tumors in the eye, are a tossup at about 50 percent.
“Half of patients who have ocular melanoma will develop metastasis and the most common place that it metastasizes to is the liver," explained oncologist, Dr. Vincent Cataldo.
Former Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco was treated for an ocular melanoma more than six years ago, and this week, they revealed the cancer did in fact spread to their liver. Dr. Cataldo is not treating Blanco, but as an oncologist at Mary Bird Perkins Our Lady of the Lake Cancer Center in Baton Rouge, they are familiar with the disease.
RELATED: Blanco 'beginning to feel stronger;' to speak at UL Lafayette graduation
"Melanoma is an extraordinarily smart tumor and one that has a large number of mutations. Those mutations actually cause this to be a tumor that is very resistant to forms of treatment, and one that is difficult to eradicate completely," said Cataldo.
Cataldo explains there isn't a cure for a metastasized ocular melanoma, but it can be treated. However, once the cancer spreads from the eye to the liver, Cataldo says traditional treatments, such as chemotherapy or immunotherapy, aren't usually effective, making the long-term outlook for patients grim.
However, the many mutations that allow the cancer to resist treatment could actually hold the key to getting it under control and extending a patient's life. "Most of the novel approaches to metastatic melanoma of an eye origin are looking at the mutation within those cells so that if we can find a targetable mutation where we have a drug that matches that mutation, hopefully with targeted therapy we can get some control of the disease," said Cataldo.
Blanco's family says after undergoing their first treatment in Philadelphia, they are feeling stronger and they continue to ask for prayers and support during their fight.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Lonzo Ball may not be inclined to partake in the Los Angeles Lakers' roster construction just yet, but when it comes to LiAngelo Ball, they seem ready and willing to support. The Crown Prince of Chino Hills showed up to the UCLA Health Training Center on Tuesday to watch their younger brother compete, alongside fellow former Bruin Thomas Welsh, in a predraft workout for the Purple and Gold, including during the so-called “mentality drill” that media members were allowed to observe.
“He was here before and been here pretty much the whole day,” Welsh said of Zo.
Gelo was hardly spooked to see their big brother sitting next to Darren Moore, Zo's trainer, and Harrison Gaines, the Ball brothers' agent, during the audition.
“It was good that they were here,” LiAngelo said of Lonzo, “but if they aren't here, I would've did the same thing. I don't really pay too much about who's here and who's not. I just do what I come to do.”
Which, in Gelo's case, means doing all they can to bring LaVar Ball's “master plan”—to get all three of their sons on the Lakers—one step closer to fruition.
FILE PHOTO: Ahmad Sheikhzadeh (C), a consultant to the Iranian mission to the United Nation, leaves Brooklyn Federal Court in New York, March 23, 2016. REUTERS/Pearl Gabel
By Brendan Pierson
NEW YORK (Reuters) - A former consultant to Iran's mission to the United Nations was sentenced to three months in prison on Friday for evading taxes by concealing their income and helping family and friends make money transfers that violated U.S. sanctions against Iran.
Ahmad Sheikhzadeh, an Iran-born U.S. citizen, made the unusual decision to take the witness stand at their sentencing hearing before U.S. District Judge Pamela Chen in Brooklyn. They strongly denied accusations made by prosecutors in a court filing last year that they acted improperly by arranging contacts between a nuclear scientist and Iranian officials while Iran was negotiating a treaty with the United States over its nuclear program.
Prosecutors never brought any criminal charges related to the nuclear program against Sheikhzadeh, who pleaded guilty in November 2016 only to filing false tax returns and conspiring to violate U.S. sanctions.
Sheikhzadeh, 61, was bitterly defiant as they addressed the judge before they were sentenced, saying prosecutors had targeted them in order to pressure them to act as an informant from within the Iran mission.
"That's a red line and I won't do it," they recalled telling authorities. They said they had accepted responsibility by pleading guilty.
Chen said they were not considering the prosecutors' accusations about the nuclear program in imposing their sentence, which was much lower than the 46 months called for by federal guidelines.
Chen said on Friday that they did not understand the significance of the claims about various contacts between Sheikhzadeh, a nuclear scientist they knew and Iranian officials, first made in court filing in June 2017.
"I can't figure out, for the life of me, what you think they are doing," they said.
Sheikhzadeh testified at the hearing that they helped arrange meetings as part of their job as a consultant to the Iranian mission, which included analyzing the political situation between Iran and the United States. They said they supported Iran's right to develop nuclear energy, though not nuclear weapons.
They admitted that they did not disclose their income from the mission, which was paid in cash, on their tax returns.
Sheikhzadeh, speaking to reporters after the hearing, called the prison sentence "very unfair."
Iran reached a deal with the United States and other nations in 2015 to limit its nuclear program in exchange for relief from international sanctions. U.S. President Donald Trump has criticized the deal but so far left it in place.
(Reporting by Brendan Pierson in New York; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
Larkin concerned over club 06 October 2017
Galway hurling chairperson Michael Larkin.
©INPHO/James Crombie. Galway hurling chairperson Michael Larkin.©INPHO/James Crombie.
Galway hurling chairperson Michael Larkin has welcomed the new hurling structure agreed up for 2018, but they stressed that club players needed to be looked after also.
Larkin feels that more needs to be done to ensure that there is a clear window for club games, adding that the scrapping of the early season competitions like the Walsh Cup and Munster SHL along with a more condensed NHL would be a step in the right direction.
“We have to think of the club player and, to be honest, I would hope that there will be movement – be it in relation to the Walsh Cup or be it the league – to create opportunities for our club players to play their club games, I think that is very important,” Larkin told the Connacht Tribune.
“If we don't, all we are doing again is curtailing the club player and I think we have to gear that in mind when we are looking at the calendar next year.
“Now, I welcome the All-Ireland final coming back to August 19th, because it gives you an extra three weeks there to play club championship hurling.
“I would certainly also like to see a window in April where some form of club hurling can take place. Now, with the demands managers are putting on county players, it is not easy.”
14:52 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Mayor-elect ascends Temple Mount Read more
Gush Etzion Mayor-elect Shlomo Neeman ascends Temple Mount. 'We thank G-d for the election.' ► ◄ Last Briefs
Two people were hospitalized after the motorcycle they were riding collided with an SUV on Tuesday night in Stanton, authorities said.
At around 10:20 p.m., deputies were called to the crash at Cerritos and Western avenues, where they found the injured riders, an Orange County Sheriff's Department watch commander said.
They were taken to a hospital with injuries not considered life-threatening. The driver of the SUV, a Chevrolet Suburban, was not reported to be injured.
A preliminary investigation shows that neither drugs nor alcohol contributed to the crash.
The area around the intersection was blocked off while deputies investigated.
Contact the writer: 714-796-7865 or afausto@scng.com
Hearing a plea challenging the Centre's notification on cattle slaughter ban, Supreme Court (SC) on Thursday asked the government to file its response within 2 weeks before the court hears the matter again on July 11.
A Hyderabad-based NGO on June 7 had asked SC to intervene in the matter stating that the new law prohibiting sale and purchase of cattle at animal markets for slaughter or religious purpose ‘violates' their right to free trade.
Responding to the plea, the vacation bench of the apex court has decided to hear the matter once again next month after the Central government submits their reply in the case.
Petitioner Mohammed Abdul Faheem Qureshi has contended that the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (Regulation of Livestock Markets) Rules, 2017 is arbitrary and debars them from the constitutional right to practice any profession.
Earlier on Wednesday, calling central government's notification on cattle trade ban devoid of “prejudice or hidden agenda”, Bhartiya Janta Party (BJP) leader and Environment Minister Harsh Vardhan said that they are open to the States for giving their suggestion for amendments in the new law.
Speaking on the growing discontent from various parties alleging the govt for hijacking and overruling state authority power over the matter of cattle, Harsh Vardhan claimed that they have no problem in bringing amendments to the existing restrictions on the sale of cattle for slaughter.
“I appeal to protesting states and the public at large to send us their suggestions,” said a national daily quoting the minister.
Harsh Vardhan further stated that the new rule was placed in the public domain for discussion and suggestions in January this year.
However, when no stakeholders came to challenge the drafted rule, the Ministry decided to go ahead with the rule, said the minister.
Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change of Government of India on May 26 released a new law that bans sale and purchase of cattle for the purpose of slaughter or religious sacrifice.
As per the new law, the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (Regulation of Livestock Markets) Rules 2017 aims to ensure that the sale of cattle is not meant for slaughter purposes.
The list of animals that cannot be bought or sold for slaughter through cattle markets includes cows, bulls, buffaloes, heifers, calves and camels.
My intent here isn't to throw dirt on Burgum. He's had a fantastically successful career in the private sector, and their rise to the highest office in state government last year was remarkable. But in terms of governing they haven't, you know, done anything.
Yet. Regardless, the Forum‘s premature honors aren't their fault.
You can read the rest of this story by clicking here.
By Stevi Breshears
On Thursday, Jan. 19, Amarillo College President Dr. Russell Lowery-Hart represented community colleges and universities across the country on a panel of financial aid and economic experts for the United States Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions.
Together, the policymakers discussed ways to simplify the financial aid process for students across the country.
“We have students that don't apply for financial aid, one, because they don't think they're eligible when they are, and, two, because the process is so complicated that they don't think that they can complete it, or that they don't think they're smart enough to complete it,” Lowery-Hart said.
For many students, financial aid is the deciding factor as to whether or not they get to attend college.
“The cost of higher education has exploded, especially at the university level, and I think community colleges have done a much better job at keeping costs in check, but we still have work to do ourselves,” Lowery-Hart said. “Financial aid really is the stopgap that helps middle class students and low-income students be able to afford to go to college, and we know that a college degree equals a better job that pays more.”
While better education is important on an individual level, it's also beneficial to the rest of society.
“Our economy depends on us not only enrolling students, but graduating students, and we wouldn't be able to do that without financial aid. We would not be able to graduate the students we have without financial aid,” Lowery-Hart said.
Now that the committee has heard from the panel of policymakers, the committee members will use the information they've gathered to vote on laws to alter the financial aid process. New laws could be seen as early as this summer.
If you're a user of Island Line trains or have an interest in the future of the line, make sure you head to Shanklin Theatre on Thursday evening.
A public meeting (14th December, 7pm start) is being held to discuss the stakeholders' response to South Western Railway's proposals for Island Line.
It's being organised by Keep Island Line in Franchise campaign, in partnership with the IW Bus & Rail Users' Group (IWBRUG) and the Isle of Wight Steam Railway (IWSR).
The Isle of Wight Conservative MP, Bob Seely, will also be in attendance as well as a number of Isle of Wight Councillors.
Your views matter
The meeting is open to any members of the public with an interest in the future of railway provision on the Island. The topics being covered will include:
South Western Railway's proposals for Island Line, and the proposed consultation response on behalf of the local community (deadline 31st December 2017). Future plans for the IW Steam Railway; Improving interconnectivity between the two lines and links with cross-Solent travel (including SWR's plans for mainland services); Possible future extensions to Newport and Ventnor, particularly in light of the Government's announcement about previously closed lines being re-opened – and MP Bob Seely's intervention on this topic with Transport Secretary Chris Grayling.
Come along
For updates and more info prior to the meeting visit KILF's Facebook event page.
Shanklin Theatre's doors (and the bar) will open at 6:30pm, ahead of a 7pm start.
Any questions about the public meeting on 14th December should be directed to kilfcampaign@gmail.com.
Image: tompagenet under CC BY 2.0
Location map
View the location of this story.
An American business group says China's push to develop its own technology and other industries has "narrowed the space" for foreign companies to compete in its market.
In a report released Tuesday, the American Chamber of Commerce in China appealed to Beijing to move faster on market-opening pledges.
The report joins mounting complaints that Beijing is hampering or reducing market access despite its public defense of free trade in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's call for import restrictions.
Trump hailed the rapport they developed with their Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, during a meeting last week in Florida that seemed to ease tensions over China's multibillion-dollar trade surplus with the United States. But neither side has announced policy changes.
The U.S. group cited examples from agriculture to health care to movies where China limits and might be reducing access as it tries to nurture its own competitors in biotech, electric cars and other fields. The chamber complained in March that the regulatory process for approving foreign farm-related biotech products for use in China was slowing.
"The pace of economic reforms and market opening has been slow and faltering, and industrial policies and related measures designed to support domestic industries and national champions have narrowed the space for future participation in China's economy by foreign companies," the report said.
"With the backdrop of a slowing economy and increasing geopolitical uncertainty, we hope that China will pursue bold reforms to create a more open, market-driven investment environment."
Xi and other Chinese leaders have promised market forces and private business will play a bigger role in China's state-dominated economy. But their ambitious plans to develop Chinese technology and manufacturing have prompted warnings that foreign companies might be squeezed out of promising fields.
Chinese leaders also say they will increase the ruling Communist Party's control over state-owned companies that dominate banking, telecoms, oil and gas and other major industries.
Xi defended free trade in a January speech at the World Economic Forum in Switzerland that was seen as a rebuke to Trump. Still, trading partners note China is the most-closed major economy, while the United States is among the most open to trade and investment.
Progress on carrying out Chinese market-opening pledges is "slow and uneven" and "China even appears to be moving in the opposite direction in some regards," the American chamber said.
It noted progress in some areas such as expanding foreign access to China's bond market but said it saw little action in most industries.
Despite official pledges, more than 60 percent of companies that responded to a survey have "little or no confidence that the government is committed to opening China's markets further in the next three years," the chamber said.
"There is an increasing perception of animosity toward foreign business," it said.
The chamber noted the United States and other countries impose few limits on Chinese companies that are on a global buying spree to acquire technology and companies.
The report appealed to Chinese regulators for changes including the release of more information about court rulings, rejections of license applications, anti-monopoly investigations and customs and tax rules. It also called for an end to "window guidance," in which regulators issue orders to banks and other companies in private contacts without announcing them.
Foreign companies are especially concerned about government initiatives to develop competitors in electric cars, robotics, biotech and other fields.
Only 10 percent of companies in technology-intensive industries that responded to a survey have an "optimistic viewpoint on the regulatory environment," the American chamber said.
Authorities also are making little progress on promises to scale down steel and other industries where supply exceeds demand, leading to a flood of low-cost Chinese exports that are hurting foreign competitors, the group said.
It noted the amount of steel production capacity in use rose last year, while much of the 45 million tons of capacity the government said was closed represented mills that already were idle.
"Unemployment concerns, vested interests and an unclear message from the central leadership have caused these efforts at cutting overcapacity to flounder," the report said.
———
The American Chamber of Commerce in China: www.amchamchina.org
Patton Kizzire already has two PGA Tour victories this season and is No. 2 in the FedEx Cup. That still might not be enough to avoid qualifying for the U.S. Open.
The USGA in 2012 eliminated its exemption for multiple winners on the PGA Tour from the previous U.S. Open when it revamped its criteria that focused more on the top 60 in the world ranking. Kizzire is at No. 57 this week.
The cutoff for being among the top 60 is on May 21, after the AT&T Byron Nelson. There also is another cutoff for the top 60 on June 11, the final ranking going into the U.S. Open on June 14-17 at Shinnecock Hills.
Chief among the prominent names not yet eligible is Adam Scott, who has played in 67 consecutive majors dating to the 2001 British Open at Royal Lytham & St. Annes. Scott, who missed the cut last week in the Texas Open, is at No. 64.
Alexander Levy of France moved up 19 spots to No. 47 with their victory last week on the European Tour, and that might be enough to secure their spot.
Among those near the top 60 with three tournaments remaining — the Zurich Classic in New Orleans does not offer world ranking points as a team event — are Luke List and Thomas Pieters (tied at No. 54), Bernd Wiesberger (No. 60), Ryan Moore (No. 62), Charles Howell III (No. 63) and former Masters champion Charl Schwartzel (No. 65). Schwartzel has played in every major dating to the 2009 U.S. Open at Bethpage Black.
The winner of The Players Championship in three weeks gets a three-year exemption.
NIEMANN'S DEBUT
Joaquin Niemann already has shown a knack for the big occasion this year.
The 19-year-old from Chile thought they were playing their final round as an amateur in January until they shot a 63 in the last round to win the Latin American Amateur Championship, which got them into the Masters.
They delayed turning pro to play at Augusta National. And in their pro debut, Niemann shot 67-67 on the weekend to finish sixth in the Texas Open. The top-10 finish will get them into the Wells Fargo Championship next week at Quail Hollow, along with giving them a big start toward earning special temporary membership on the PGA Tour and having access to unlimited sponsor exemptions.
They have 100 FedEx Cup points and needs 365 to earn special temporary membership. Niemann says they already have received exemptions for the AT&T Byron Nelson and the Memorial.
"I think this is going to give me a lot of confidence to try to do my card for this year," Niemann said. "Thing is, I've got a couple more tournaments coming and I just can't wait for it."
Niemann also is exempt into the final stage of U.S. Open qualifying. They gave that up from their Latin American Amateur victory by turning pro, but the U.S. Open exempts Mark H. McCormack Medal winners (No. 1 in the world amateur ranking) into sectional qualifying if they no longer are amateur.
SCOTT'S SCHEDULING
Adam Scott tends to play less rather than more, though he's not opposed to making it up as they go along depending on the mood and the game. That's one reason they chose to play the Texas Open coming off a 70-71 weekend at the Masters.
It didn't work out as Scott played in the windy side of the draw in San Antonio, didn't play particularly well and missed the cut.
But it reminded them of an occasion 10 years ago, when they tied for 25th at the Masters with a reasonable performance. They flew home to Australia and played golf with some of their friends. And they were playing well.
"And I'm like, 'Why am I wasting my good golf on you guys?'" Scott said. "So I flew back the next week to Dallas and won the Byron Nelson. Kind of one of those things where you can't be so stubborn. I'm trying to be really in tune with where my game's at and identify why I'm just not having better results. To change that, I've got to change something. Otherwise, I'm just going to do the same thing."
DIVOTS
Luke Donald is stepping away to try to heal an ailing back. Donald, a former world No. 1 who hasn't won since the end of 2013 in Japan, said on Twitter that they have been trying to play with back pain for the last few months and has decided to get treatment and take time off to recover. "Gutted about this but I'm fully committed to getting back out onto the course," they tweeted. ... CBS broadcaster Jim Nantz will receive the Ambassador of Golf Award this year at the Bridgestone Invitational. They join two former colleagues, producer Frank Chirkinian and lead analyst Ken Venturi, in receiving the award. ... The LPGA Tour is back in Los Angeles and San Francisco, giving California 12 tournaments on the PGA Tour, LPGA Tour and PGA Tour Champions combined. ... Inbee Park has returned to No. 1 in the world in women's golf. Five players were at No. 1 since Park last topped the ranking in October 2015.
STAT OF THE WEEK
The Zurich Classic is the first time the four reigning major champions are at the same tournament since the Tour Championship.
FINAL WORD
"I feel like a veteran right now. I feel like a tour player now. I know I can beat these guys and just going to wait for my week and try to win." — Joaquin Niemann after finishing sixth in their professional debut at the Texas Open.
By Doug Ferguson, The Associated Press
HOUSTON (AP) — The U.S. Supreme has refused to review an appeal from a 48-year-old Salvadoran man on Texas death row for the slayings of two Houston store clerks during an attempted robbery more than 17 years ago.
The high court had no comment in its decision Monday in the case of Gilmar Guevara.
Attorneys for Guevara asked the justices to reverse lower courts' rulings rejecting arguments that he's mentally impaired and ineligible for the death penalty.
Guevara was convicted and sentenced to death for the fatal shootings of 48-year-old Tae Youk and 21-year-old Gerardo Yaxon. Youk was from South Korea and Yaxon from Guatemala.
Guevara, identified as the shooter, and two accomplices fled the scene in southwest Houston in June 2000 without any money.
They do not yet have an execution date.
Champions Chelsea suffered a nightmare start to their Premier League title defense, having two men
sent off as Burnley claimed a feisty 3-2 win at Stamford Bridge.
Gary Cahill was shown a straight red for a lunging tackle on Steven Defour midway through the first half.
Burnley then capitalized with a ruthless display that saw them score 3 times before the break.
The Blues were better after the break and pulled a goal back when summer signing Alvaro Morata headed in shortly after coming off the bench.
Cesc Fabregas was then sent off for a late challenge on Jack Cork but David Luiz added 1 more goal for Chelsea.
Elsewhere, Miguel Britos scored a dramatic 93rd-minute equaliser for Watford as Liverpool were held to a thrilling 3-all draw at Vicarage Road.
Wayne Rooney marked their top-flight return to Everton after 13 years by scoring the winner against Stoke and their 199th goal in the Premier League.
Huddersfield Town made a dream start to their debut season in the Premier League as they beat Crystal Palace 3-nil away.
Southampton were held to a goalless draw by Swansea at St Mary's Stadium, as West Brom beat Bournemouth 1-nil.
EPL : 9-man Chelsea off to abysmal start, lose 3-2 against Burnley
Target Buys Tech Company to Help it Offer Same-Day Delivery
by Darryl Hood
Target is buying a delivery logistics company to help it offer same-day delivery service to in-store shoppers.
Software made by San Francisco-based Grand Junction connects retailers with about 700 delivery companies around the country that pick up items from distribution centers and take them to customers.
Expanding delivery and making it faster have been key areas retailers have focused on to attract convenience-seeking shoppers.
Target has been working with Grand Junction to test same-day delivery at a New York store. Shoppers there can ask to have items delivered that day for a fee. Target plans to expand the service to other New York locations this year, then bring it to other major cities next year.
Minneapolis-based Target Corp. did not say how much it is paying for Grand Junction.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Myles Turner had 15 points and 11 rebounds, and the Indiana Pacers won their third straight game with a 105-101 victory over the Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday night.
Turner gave the Pacers a 102-101 lead by hitting two free throws with 34 seconds left.
With two seconds remaining, Wayne Selden missed a floater in the lane that would have given Memphis the lead. Indiana came up with the rebound and sealed it at the foul line with less than a second left.
All five Pacers starters scored in double digits. Bojan Bogdanovic and Darren Collison each had 21 points, Victor Oladipo added 13 and Thaddeus Young had 10.
The teams traded the lead nine times in the first half, with Indiana taking a 55-53 lead into halftime. The Pacers opened the second half with a 9-3 run, but Memphis wouldn't go away. Trailing 100-95, the Grizzlies went on a 6-0 spurt to regain the lead with 1:57 to play.
Marc Gasol missed a jumper with 11 seconds left that was rebounded by Selden, who attempted the potential game-winning floater.
Gasol finished with 23 points and nine rebounds. Selden led the Grizzlies with 24 points but was ejected with 0.7 seconds remaining after arguing they were fouled on their missed shot. Memphis coach J.B. Bickerstaff came onto the floor to join Selden in their altercation with officials.
As they say, “the only thing constant is change.” And for the most part they're right. Something that you like today eventually falls out of favor to be replaced with something else. Such is the case with the '72 Chevelle SS owned by Dennis Carrillo. You see, this Chevlle started out as a fully restored ride that Dennis, owner of Foothill Auto Body in Rancho Cucamonga, California, had massaged and painted for a customer. The finished car was beautiful and completely stock. Well, the owner's tastes soon changed and before long custom bits began finding their way onto the Chevelle. You see, while the owner liked the restored look, they aren't all that fond of how the Chevelle drove. Pretty soon a full Global West suspension found its way under the car along with a close-ratio steering box and quartet of Wilwood brakes. But we guess that wasn't enough since the car soon went up for sale. Dennis jumped at the chance to scoop up the A-body they had spent so much time painting.
The Chevy was already heading in a direction Dennis liked, but their tastes leaned a bit more to the custom side so they hit up their neighbor Tim Lee, of Don Lee Auto, to up the performance a bit. The non-numbers-matching mill was yanked and replaced with a 496 big-block wearing aluminum heads and backed up by a 700-R4 from Toy Shop Transmissions out of Pomona, California. The spent gasses are evacuated through Hooker headers and a stainless exhaust system. Dennis wanted a driver so Tim swapped the carb for a complete FiTech EFI system. Lastly, the 12-bolt rear was rebuilt with a fresh posi and a set of 3.73 gears to get the heavy Chevy up and moving a bit quicker. Dennis wanted to modernize the looks a bit as well, so 18×9 front and 19×10 rear Forgeline RB3C three-piece wheels were chosen to envelop the upgraded, larger Wilwood binders.
The stock interior wasn't cutting it either so the Chevelle was sent to Mark Lopez, owner of Elegance Auto Interiors, in Upland, California, for a custom makeover. Yards of black leather gave the interior and trunk an updated, but still classic, look. While there, Carlos Rodriguez, owner of Art of Sound, also in Upland, stopped by to upgrade the Chevy's audio system. The interior was finished off with a set of custom gauges along with a slew of billet parts from Eddie Motorsports to dress up the engine bay and trunk with billet hinges and valve covers.
The combination of classic and modern parts makes for a ride that still gives off that classic Chevy vibe that makes these cars timeless. And, thanks to the aftermarket, the Chevelle drives and handles like a new car, or at least close enough to make Dennis a very happy guy.
The teenager was left in shock by the heinous attack and had bruises on their upper body. They said they were mercilessly beaten by the coach. However, Karnataka State Cricket Association (KSCA) managing committee member and first-class cricket umpire BK Ravi denied all the allegations and said the boy's father was trying to tarnish their academy's image. They said they will file a case against the boy's father.
In a horrifying incident, a 13-year-old boy was physically assaulted by a team coach for not scoring runs in a local inter-club tournament. The boy was beaten black and blue and was left with bruises all over their body. According to reports, the boy was representing Basavangudi Cricket Academy, which is run by Karnataka State Cricket Association (KSCA) managing committee member and first-class cricket umpire B K Ravi. The victim's family alleged that the incident was not brought to the notice of the KSCA.
The teenager was left in shock by the heinous attack and had bruises on their upper body. They said they were mercilessly beaten by the coach. However, BK Ravi denied all the allegations and said the boy's father was trying to tarnish their academy's image. They said they will file a case against the boy's father. “The boy's father had requested me to help their son in getting selected for a KSCA zonal match. Since I am an umpire, I had flatly refused to bend rules for their son.  They are angry that I don't do illegal and unethical things.  They are now claiming that their son was tortured. I am filing a case against them with the police,” BK Ravi told News18.
An FIR has been registered against the coach and police said they are inquiring the matter and it will soon be taken with the National Child Welfare Board too.
Over the past 20 years, we've seen nothing short of a safety revolution when it comes to run-off at racetracks and wall technology. In 1997, the only soft walls that you heard about were the styrofoam blocks in use at places such as the late Flemington Speedway in New Jersey. Later on, Watkins Glen International added them to replace tire walls.
More recently, paved runoff has been introduced to many road courses, much to the chagrin of race officials. On ovals, softer wall solutions beyond styrofoam have been used, starting with energy-absorbent blocks at Indianapolis Motor Speedway in 1998 and followed by the SAFER barrier. As a result, major racetracks are quite a bit safer today than they were 20 years ago.
Sonoma Raceway in California seems to have gone the opposite direction. As tracks have gotten away from concrete, Sonoma has added the hard blocks. If anything, having concrete walls gives some kind of finality to the layout of the grounds. Back in the mid-1990s, the track, then called Sears Point Raceway, had piles of tires strewn around the course in certain areas. In 1994, Lake Speed found the pile of tires in Turn 6.
Looking at that clip, you'll notice that the bridge supports weren't protected all that well. If that bridge were still there, it would be concerning. Sonoma has since removed that bridge.
The piles-of-tires as a barrier theory didn't always work. Less than 10 laps later, Derrike Cope and John Krebs locked wheels and infamously plowed through the tires at Turn 5, resulting in Krebs flipping their Chevrolet.
In the same video, there are tires up against the outside wall all through the exit of Turn 10. Today, the tires there are banded up so they don't fly all over. However, there were nowhere near as many there this year. That's how you end up with incidents like the one Chase Elliott had in Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series practice back in June.
September's round No. 18 for Pirelli World Challenge's GTS and GTSA classes brought the issue back into focus. The 50-minute race (cut to 41 due to a red flag) featured two crashes into unprotected concrete walls. Granted, these walls weren't completely anchored to the ground, but they are still solid hits.
First, Racers Edge Motorsports' Bob Michaelian spun into the wall exiting Turn 11 after Frank Gannett basically drove themselves across Michaelian's nose. By all indication, Gannett had no clue Michaelian was there.
Michaelian walked away from the crash with some assistance, but that was a driver's side hit on concrete. By today's standards, that is pretty much unacceptable. The SIN was no longer in after that crash.
For wall solutions, Sonoma often uses non-permanent concrete blocks, similar to what you would see at a street course. Sonoma is not Long Beach, but the shortened INDYCAR version of Turn 11 (slightly lengthened for this year) cuts through the middle of what is normally the pits for the dragstrip, hence the temporary barriers.
The race was ultimately red-flagged and declared complete early after another huge wreck. Derek DeBoer and Tony Gaples collided in the esses while racing for the GTSA lead. The result was this nasty crash.
Yet another driver's side hit onto an unprotected concrete wall. Like the Michaelian crash, the wall moved (or, in this case, fell over) because it wasn't permanently anchored to the ground. However, Gaples took the brunt of a nasty hit. The Chevrolet Camaro GT4.R is a great racecar, but no car is designed to crash driver's side first into a concrete wall.
Gaples walked away with assistance and was checked at the infield care center. Officials advised Gaples to make a trip to Santa Rosa Memorial Hospital for a quick checkup. After a quick in and out there, Gaples sampled some In-N-Out before going to the Pirelli World Challenge banquet.
Regardless of their clean bill of health, Gaples was one sore puppy later that evening.
“That was a big impact, probably the hardest I've ever had in racing,” Gaples said at the banquet. “Fortunately, none of my injuries were serious – just a lot of soreness and bruises. It could have been worse but you see how strong of a car the Camaro GT4.R is. It was a lot to go through for my first win. Hopefully the second comes a little easier…”
Yeah, you read that right. Since the race was declared complete after Gaples' crash, a countback scenario occurred in which the results were compiled from the last completed lap before the red flag. As Gaples was still leading GTSA at that point, they were credited with the win.
In this area of added emphasis on injuries and the idea that no one should be able to hit a concrete wall on an oval, it seems rather ridiculous to have the sheer expanse of unprotected concrete Sonoma currently has. In NASCAR, Jeff Gordon always seemed to be the one driver to find bare concrete. Las Vegas Motor Speedway in 2008 and Atlanta Motor Speedway in 2015 were good examples of that bad luck.
However, with Sonoma's current setup, anyone could slide off-course and end up meeting the concrete at relatively high speeds. The track needs to take steps to rectify these issues.
Does Sonoma Raceway need a bunch of paved runoffs? No. The track just needs to protect its walls better. There is no excuse for having less of the concrete wall protected by tires at Turn 10 today than in 1994.
Today, NASCAR pays close attention to safety issues and is buttressed by the relatively recent creation of the drivers council. Last June, the wall situation seemed suspect. However, it seems like it will only continue at Sonoma. Pressure needs to be put on Sonoma Raceway to make improvements, and NASCAR shouldn't be alone here; INDYCAR, Pirelli World Challenge and other sanctioning bodies should also participate.
This article is by no means designed to be a takedown of Sonoma, but drivers should be able to race to the best of their abilities without something stupid happening.
Two kidnappers have been sentenced to prison for holding an associate hostage following a large-scale Newport Coast marijuana deal gone wrong.
Nicholas Andres Hernandez, 30, of Murrieta was sentenced to 11 years in state prison after pleading guilty Wednesday to a felony count of kidnapping and admitted to sentencing enhancements for use of a firearm and a previous burglary conviction. Earlier this month, Steele Malone Burnside, 29, of Anaheim was sentenced to five years in prison after pleading guilty to kidnapping.
Prosecutors say the kidnapping came in the aftermath of a drug deal Hernandez, Burnside and the hostage – identified only as “John Doe” – attempted to carry out on Feb. 18, 2017.
Sign up for our breaking news email newsletter: When major local news happens, you will be the first to know. Subscribe here
Hernandez, Burnside and the unidentified man met Thomas Prince in a Newport Coast parking lot on Feb. 18, 2017 in order to purchase more than $100,000 worth of marijuana, prosecutors said. Prince then drove Hernandez and the unidentified man to a room at a nearby hotel villa, where Prince robbed the other men at gunpoint, stealing more than 60 pounds of marijuana and their personal belongings.
After the robbery, Hernandez and Burnside decided to take their unidentified acquaintance hostage in order to recoup the value of the marijuana they had lost in the failed drug deal, prosecutors said. The pair kidnapped them and took them to an apartment in Anaheim.
A family member reported the man missing on Feb. 18, 2017. Police two days later tracked them down to an apartment in the 400 block of South Clementine Street in Anaheim. A SWAT team stormed the apartment, freeing the hostage and taking Hernandez and Burnside into custody.
In the course of their investigation, detectives learned of the earlier robbery, and arrested Prince. A jury convicted Prince of four counts of robbery, and they were sentenced last year to 21 years in prison.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump, under heavy political pressure from Democrats and Republicans alike, on Monday condemned white supremacists who rallied in Virginia over the weekend, sparking violence that claimed one life.
"Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans," Trump said from the White House.
(Reporting by Jeff Mason and Susan Heavey; Writing by Tim Ahmann; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
The Green River City Council will meet at 7 p.m. on Tuesday, February 6, 2018, at the City Council Chambers located within Green River City Hall.
Related
American Morgan Hurd won the all-around title in the world gymnastics championships Friday night, spoiling Ellie Black's bid to become the first Canadian winner.
The 16-year-old Hurd edged Black by 0.101 points, finishing with 55.232 points in their world championships debut. Russia's Eremina Elena was third at 54.799.
"It's crazy that I was even competing here," said Hurd, from Middletown, Delaware. "To think that I won is just the most surreal feeling in the world."
American Ragan Smith, the favorite to win the gold medal, was forced to withdraw from the final after injuring their ankle during the vault warm up at Olympic Stadium.
Black is a five-time Canadian champion.
"I'm standing here with the silver medal, so I'm pretty happy with that," said Black, from Halifax, Nova Scotia. "There's ups and downs in gymnastics, there are mistakes that are made. It's part of the sport. There are probably a bunch of athletes who would love to be in my position right now. I just feel so fortunate to have had this opportunity and to be here tonight."
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn. -- Forget that Tom Brady shattered NFL records as a 40-year-old quarterback in the 2017 season, playing some of their best football in their 18-year career.
Brady didn't just dominate the 40-year-old age bracket; their excellence extended across the entire NFL, and on Saturday they became the oldest player to win the AP NFL Most Valuable Player award.
Brady earned 40 votes in balloting by a nationwide media panel, easily winning over Los Angeles Rams running back Todd Gurley (8) and Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz (2).
Patriots wide receiver Julian Edelman accepted the award on Brady's behalf at the NFL Honors awards ceremony in Minneapolis.
"There's no quarterback I'd rather have on my team than Tom Brady," Pats coach Bill Belichick said leading up to Sunday's Super Bowl LII showdown against the Eagles. "I'm glad I have him."
Brady, who also was the NFL's MVP in 2007 and 2010, will try to win their sixth Super Bowl title Sunday. The last NFL MVP to win the Super Bowl was Kurt Warner in the 1999 season.
Voted first-team All-Pro for the 2017 regular season, Brady was 385-of-581 for a league-high 4,577 yards, with 32 touchdowns and eight interceptions while leading the Patriots to a 13-3 record.
In addition to being the oldest to win AP NFL MVP, Brady is the oldest QB to start in the Super Bowl, and the oldest to lead the NFL in passing yards. Fran Tarkenton, with 3,468 yards in 1978 at age 38 with Minnesota, previously held the distinction.
Brady's historic season at 40 has been a topic that has followed them all season, which they have embraced by highlighting their commitment to their craft and producing the documentary "Tom vs. Time," with the first four installments released in the week leading up to Super Bowl LII.
"I learned that I need to invest in my body, and invest in the things that are going to make me feel good, or else I would have stopped playing 10 years ago. I don't think there is any way you can continue to play if your body can't do it," they said.
Brady joined 12 other quarterbacks since the 1970 merger to start an NFL game past age 40. The oldest player to attempt a pass in a game was George Blanda at age 48 as a member of the Oakland Raiders in the final game of their career on Dec. 21, 1975.
Brady also became the fourth Patriots player to play at 40, joining quarterbacks Doug Flutie (43 in 2005) and Vinny Testaverde (43 in 2006), and linebacker Junior Seau (40 in 2009).
As for why they can continue to play, they said in the days leading up to Super Bowl LII: "I just think I love the game. It's easy to do this when you love it. I think the point is, if you find something you love to do, it never feels like work. I found football, and I found it at a young age, and I just loved it. "It's hard to explain - I just love the preparation, I love the offseason, I love the film work. I think a big part of it is because my body feels good and I've worked hard [at that]. ... I think for a lot of older players, their body doesn't respond. And football is no fun when you're hurting."
On Sunday, at 40 years and 185 days, Brady will become the oldest non-kicker to play in a Super Bowl.
Terms of the deal weren't disclosed, but money is reportedly not the main reason Rhimes jumped ship. "I'm thrilled by the idea of a world where I'm not caught in the necessary grind of network television," they told the WSJ. "Ted [Sarandos, Netflix's CEO] provides a clear, fearless space for creators at Netflix."
Rhimes says she'll be able to focus more on storytelling and avoid the stress of 18-24 episode network TV seasons. That's something showrunners like Larry David (now at HBO) and David E. Kelley, producing Netflix's Big Little Lies with Reese Witherspoon, have also complained about in the past. "At this point in my career, I love the limited series format. I have no interest in doing 100 episodes of anything," Kelley said.
Shondaland's move to Netflix is the result of a shared plan Ted Sarandos and I built based on my vision for myself as a storyteller and for the evolution of my company. -- Shonda Rhimes
Rhimes has developed Grey's Anatomy, Private Practice, Scandal, How to Get Away with Murder, and other popular shows for ABC. "I'm proud to have given a home to what have become some of the most celebrated and talked about shows on television," said ABC Studios President Patrick Moran. This production have generated billions of dollars in advertising revenue for ABC, however, so their loss will be felt acutely.
Studios have gradually been limiting their movies on Netflix, with Disney being the latest to announce that it's pulling films from the streaming service. (Netflix is reportedly negotiating to keep Marvel and Star Wars movies, though.) To combat that, Netflix has aggressively spent to develop its own feature films and TV series, an effort that has met with more successes (Jessica Jones, Orange is the New Black, BoJack Horseman) than failures (Sense8, The Get Down).
After bringing the Coen brothers aboard for the The Ballad of Buster Scruggs western, scoring Rhimes might be its biggest win yet. "Shonda Rhimes is one of the greatest storytellers in the history of television" said Ted Sarandos, Netflix's Chief Content Officer.
Getty Image
One of the more surprising commercial endeavors that has taken hold of the music industry over the last decade is the live music cruise. The proliferation of bands hitting the high seas with their fans has been incredible to watch, with bands and artists from seemingly every conceivable genre taking part. Today, Scottish Indie rock legends Belle & Sebastian add themselves to that list, announcing the maiden voyage of their Boaty Weekender cruise through the Mediterranean Sea.
The cruise is set to kick off a little over a year from now between August 9-12. The name of the event is a tip of the cap to the band's 1999 festival that they dubbed the Bowlie Weekender, that actually helped inspire the creation of All Tomorrow's Parties, which is still held every year at the same venue in Sussex, England.
For those who sign up for the cruise, you'll be treated to two different performances by Belle & Sebastian, but if you act fast and book now, the first 350 guests will also receive a special, live showcase of the group's album Fold Your Hands Child, You Walk Like A Peasant in its entirety. Additional bands on the cruise will be hand-selected and curated by the members of Belle & Sebastian.
The Boaty Weekender will depart from Barcelona and travel to Cagliari, Sardinia in Italy. For ticket information, visit Belle & Sebastian's official website.
Two-time defending champion Oracle Team USA has unveiled the 50-foot catamaran it will sail in the 35th America's Cup in Bermuda.
Skipper Jimmy Spithill says the boat, which is just longer than 49 feet, is more refined than the 45-foot cat the syndicate has been training in.
Says Spithill: "Now it really starts for this boat. There are 100 days to go and the clock's ticking. We really need to put some hours on it."
Qualifying races begin May 26. The America's Cup match, between Oracle and the winner of the challenger series, begins June 17.
Oracle unveiled its new catamaran Tuesday night. It will launch and christen it with champagne on Wednesday, and begin dockside testing. It will go for its first sail as soon as the weather permits.
After a terrible summer of box-office woes, there's been one movie that's almost singlehandedly saved the day: Andy Muschietti's adaptation of Stephen King's It. Somehow, the supernatural horror has tapped into the zeitgeist, bringing traditionally non-horror viewers to the cinema. Earlier in the year, Get Out managed the same, impressing critics and audiences alike while grossing $252.4m (£193.4m) from a $4.5m budget.
Come festival season, it's clear that horror/genre movies have finally found their place on the circuit. Notably, the London Film Festival (LFF) – traditionally known for featuring niche world cinema – has accepted these scary/terrifying flicks with open arms, horror making up a large percentage of the most talked-about films.
Heading up the pack comes The Shape of Water, a fantasy romance from horror auteur Guillermo del Toro that heavily borrows from the genre. Then there's Brawl in Cell Block 99, directed by Bone Tomahawk's S Craig Zahler and featuring some of the most violent scenes depicted on screen in recent years. The Killing of a Sacred Deer, from The Lobster's Yorgos Lanthimos has been terrifying festival-goers since Cannes. Joachim Trier's supernatural thriller Thelma (about a girl whose sexual awakening triggers some fantastical powers) will also be screening, as will the upcoming Jeffrey Dahmer biography My Friend Dahmer.
“It's a really great year for horror and genre in general,” says Michael Blyth, curator of the Cult strand, a banner under which many of these films are playing. Thanks to the Cult strand – which has been running for six years – more and more genre, horror, and fantasy fiction movies have found their way onto the line-up.
Ross Lynch (centre) plays the notorious American serial killer in ‘My Friend Dahmer' More
“For a long time, there was was something missing from LFF, an audience we weren't serving. We started the Cult strand because it seemed only time we showcased horror and science fiction. Before then, we'd show one or two every year. Now, with a specific focus on this type of cinema, we are taking horror seriously and exhibiting genre in more ways.”
Blyth uses The Shape of Water – an Oscar frontrunner – as an example of how times have changed. “Del Toro is obviously a huge horror fan, all their work is somehow indebted to the genre. This is very much a love letter to those movies. He's done it in a way that's beautiful, engaging and romantic. As a result, the movie appeals to the hardcore horror crowd but has a life beyond that.”
One term that's been thrown around recently is “elevated horror”, especially since the successes of Get Out, It Follows and The Witch. The term, though, implies there's a limit to how good normal horror movies are before they become something different.
‘The Shape of Water' is an other-worldly fairy tale, set in Cold War-era America More
Read More
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
January 2 – Individuals with Autism Spectrum Disorder can now apply for an ID card that will quickly show first responders the nature of their disorder.
The legislation, backed by State Representative Sue Scherer, took effect this year. The measure creates an ID card available through the Secretary of State's Office by request to individuals who have been medically diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder. Scherer says there are several situations this could help in.
“The thought behind this came from a mother of a 16 year old who said they were concerned that if their son would be stopped by an officer or encounter a first responder, that maybe their lack of ability to communicate could be misinterpreted,” Scherer said.
The card will be separate from a state ID or driver's license. It will be free of charge and will explain the person's disorder.
Scherer says this will protect those with autism and also enable emergency personnel to better perform their job.
The card will be immediately available, though Scherer suggests you wait a few days before requesting your card from the Secretary of State's Office.
Investigators have determined that the September incident was likely caused by super-cooled liquid oxygen building up in a "void or buckle" between a pressure vessel's aluminum liner and its carbon overwrap. If the oxygen gets trapped in a buckle, it can create friction that ignites the chemical... and, well, the whole rocket. To make matters worse, the loading temperature of helium was cold enough to create solid oxygen, which increases the odds of it getting stuck and producing friction. The stopgap solution is to change the pressure vessel configuration to allow warmer helium, and to return to a "proven" helium loading setup. In the long run, however, SpaceX is planning to redesign the vessels so that buckles aren't even possible.
The timing of both the launch and the associated fixes is critical for the company. The 2016 explosion not only lost a valuable vehicle and its payload, but shook the trust for both clients and advocates of private space travel. Were Elon Musk and crew moving too quickly? SpaceX needs to show that it learned from its mistakes, and that catastrophic failures won't happen again for a long time, if ever.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Hospital says Rep. Steve Scalise is in critical condition following surgery for gunshot.
Getty Image
Giannis Antetokounmpo's run as the best bargain on the Nike basketball roster will come to an end on September 30 when their deal runs up and they become the sneaker world's version of a restricted free agent. For the past four years, Nike has paid Antetokoumpo $25,000 a year, which is an incredible value for a budding superstar and a first time All-Star last year.
While Nike got plenty of bang for their Buck with Antetokoumpo, they are now set to cash in big time on their status as one of the league's rising stars. There are few players on the planet that can command as much on the open sneaker market as Antetokoumpo and, with Nike holding a 20-day match clause, if either adidas or Under Armour want to swoop them out of their Swoosh's, they're going to have to come with significant money to force Nike to pass.
As ESPN's Nick DePaula reports, Antetokoumpo's starting point for negotiations is expected to be above $5 million per year, which is the base amount that Kristaps Porzingis recently got from adidas on their new 7-year deal, with incentives that could run it up to closer to $7 million. Antetokounmpo will almost assuredly command that much if not more, as he's a superstar in the making who has become a beloved figure among fans for the combination of their unique and dominant play on the court and their friendly, jovial demeanor off of it.
Becky Wade
When runner Becky Wade was about to graduate college, they knew that they wanted to travel the world before settling into any sort of career. They longed to experience different cultures, find friends across the globe, and discover their purpose through getting lost. They wanted to learn while wandering. Travel costs money though — especially if you want to take an entire year off to do so and haven't entered the workforce yet. Which is where the (very awesome) Watson Fellowship comes in.
The Watson Fellowship awards new college graduates the opportunity to see the world with a generous year-long stipend. They don't expect you to work at any point, volunteer, or even come up with a tangible end product. They simply want young people to have world-broadening experiences that will enable them to become leaders (in any field) with a more empathetic and knowledgeable perspective of other cultures. The big condition of the fellowship: You're forbidden from stepping foot back in the U.S. for an entire year. That's it. Basically, the sky is the limit from there.
For Wade's proposal, they decided they wanted to see the world by meeting with other runners and running clubs in various countries. They wanted to learn how communities around the world structured their lives around the sport and how they interact with and approach running in ways that were similar or different from their own experiences.
“It's such a pure and inclusive sport and something that's practiced everywhere,” they say. “So it just made sense to connect that to travel.”
Wade won the fellowship. And though they initially planned on visiting just a handful of countries, they took the award and… ahem… ran with it, visiting 22 different nations. They never paid for lodging, instead relying on personal recommendations of people to stay with and, at times, cold-emailing clubs, coaches, and professional runners to ask if someone would be willing to put them up. Every dollar of the grant went toward food and transportation.
The trip inspired a book and it not only allowed Wade to make friends and experience other cultures, as they had hoped, but also ended up elevating their own running career by changing their perspective.
Shortly after Wade returned from their travels, they ran their first marathon — the California International Marathon in Sacramento — and won it. Magazines touted them as “America's Best Young Marathoner” and, in many ways, that success was a product of the life-changing year she'd had traveling. She's now full-time a professional runner. And their trip, which proved to them that running transcends the superficial barriers that keep us from connecting to other cultures, also helped break down personal barriers to their success as a long distance expert.
We were able to catch Wade recently just hours before they flew to London to compete in the London Marathon (she came in 11th place, in what was the hottest London marathon ever on record). And they shared with us the ways travel can deepen and strengthen your running career.
1. You'll meet the lifelong friends and running partners who will encourage you throughout life. Because runners are cool people.
Becky Wade
I am so fortunate that as a 23-year-old, 5 foot, ninety pound American girl who'd never really traveled, that I honestly didn't have any security or safety issues. I got pickpocketed, had my wallet stolen, and got lost so many times, but I really felt like the running community stepped up and helped me out.
I didn't have a cell phone or a smartphone. So, there was a lot of learning how to trust my gut when I was traveling, but I will say this, for the most part: Everyone who I met, ran with, and stayed with was excited about my project and about meeting me. They were exactly the kind of people you want to meet and spend time with while you travel!
Runners are, in general, very friendly and social. It's a really easy sport to do with other people and develop a community around. The cool thing about running is that it's really easy to relate to all runners — from the super recreational hobby jogger to the professional runner because, we're doing the same thing, we're just doing it at different paces or different quantities of miles every week. It's such a pure and inclusive sport and it's something that's practiced everywhere. It really lends itself well to travel.
Jim Harris has been WYSH's News & Sports Director since 2000.
In addition to reporting local news, they are the play-by-play voice for Clinton High School football, boys' and girls' basketball and baseball.
Catch Jim live weekdays beginning at 6:20 am for live local news, sports, weather and traffic plus the Community Bulletin Board, shenanigans with Ron Meredith and more on the Country Club Morning Show on WYSH & WQLA.
Jim lives in Clinton with their wife Kelly and daughter Carolina, their mother-in-law and cats Lucius and Oliver.
THERE will be a vast selection of cattle to suit everyone's needs at this month's Elders Boyanup store sale.
The sale scheduled for next Friday, February 9, will commence at 1.30pm and will feature 1000 head.
The yarding will include a good line-up of beef cattle – both steers and heifers – and the usual run of Friesian steers and first-cross steers and heifers.
Elders South West livestock manager Michael Carroll said the yarding was going to be a good one with weaners and the usual store cattle being presented.
“The sale will start off with liveweight beef steers and heifers and an assortment of breeds and there are lines suitable for both feeders and graziers,” Mr Carroll said.
“The sale will also feature a large line-up of dairy steers which will be sold liveweight and by appraisal, including a good selection of Friesian poddies.”
The sale will kick off with the beef steer and heifer offering.
A feature in these lines will be a couple of pens of well-bred Angus heifers suitable as future breeders.
They will include 13 Angus heifers from Rosewella Downs, Dardanup.
The 16 to 18-month-old, exceptionally quiet heifers were purchased in by the operation as weaners and grown out.
Elders Boyanup agent Mal Barrett said the line was a top draft of Angus heifers which would make lovely breeding matrons.
“They are vendor guaranteed fit to breed and show good growth and feminine traits,” Mr Barrett said.
Another quality line of Angus heifers which will be ideally suited as future breeders will come from MK & RE Barnes, Dardanup.
The Dardanup operation will present 10 Angus heifers aged 16-18 months which are all unjoined and suitable for breeding.
Mr Barrett said this line had been purchased in as weaners from RF & RE Walker, Wilga and grown out.
“They are a good line of heifers which will make good future breeders,” they said.
The Barnes will also send in 15 Angus and Murray Grey steers in the 16-18mo age range.
Beverley operation Glenroy Trading Co will be one of the biggest vendors in the beef steer and heifer lines with 40 Murray Grey calves (20 steers and 20 heifers).
Immigrants account for about a third of all suicides in Israel every year, but many still lack access to emotional assistance in... subscribe now to get the full story Subscribe Log in Haaretz unlimited. Only 1$ for the first month
In the race to the autonomous revolution, developers have realized there aren't enough hours in a day to clock the real-world miles needed to teach cars how to drive themselves. Which is why Grand Theft Auto V is in the mix.
The blockbuster video game is one of the simulation platforms researchers and engineers increasingly rely on to test and train the machines being primed to take control of the family sedan. Companies from Ford Motor Co. to Alphabet Inc.'s Waymo may boast about putting no-hands models on the market in three years, but there's a lot still to learn about drilling algorithms in how to respond when, say, a mattress falls off a truck on the freeway.
If automakers and tech enterprises want to make their deadline, they have to hurry up. The test cars tricked out with lasers, sensors and cameras being put through the paces on tracks and public roads can't do it on their own. Simulators never run out of gas -- and the ones at Waymo can model driving more than 3 million miles in a single day.
“Just relying on data from the roads is not practical,” said Davide Bacchet, who leads the simulation effort in San Jose, California, for Nio, a startup aiming to introduce an autonomous electric car in the U.S. in 2020. “With simulation, you can run the same scenario over and over again for infinite times, then test it again.”
As improbable as it may seem to the lay person, hyper-realistic video games are able to generate data that's very close to what artificial-intelligence agents can glean on the road. AI software has been playing around with games from Super Mario Bros. to Angry Birds for a while now, tackling problems in controlled environments and learning through trial and error.
Last year, scientists from Darmstadt University of Technology in Germany and Intel Labs developed a way to pull visual information from Grand Theft Auto V. Now some researchers are deriving algorithms from GTAV software that's been tweaked for use in the burgeoning self-driving sector.
The latest in the franchise from publisher Rockstar Games Inc. is just about as good as reality, with 262 types of vehicles, more than 1,000 different unpredictable pedestrians and animals, 14 weather conditions and countless bridges, traffic signals, tunnels and intersections. (The hoodlums, heists and accumulated corpses aren't crucial components.)
The idea isn't that the highways and byways of the fictional city of Los Santos would ever be a substitute for bona fide asphalt. But the game “is the richest virtual environment that we could extract data from,” said Alain Kornhauser, a Princeton University professor of operations research and financial engineering who advises the Princeton Autonomous Vehicle Engineering team.
Waymo uses its simulators to create a confounding motoring situation for every variation engineers can think of: having three cars changing lanes at the same time at an assortment of speeds and directions, for instance. What's learned virtually is applied physically, and problems encountered on the road are studied in simulation.
Quick Brown Fox
Whenever a human has to grab the wheel of a test car because self-driving software hasn't responded properly, “we're able to play back the exact situation and predict via simulation what could have happened if the car had been left to drive itself,” Waymo said in a self-driving project report. “If the simulator shows better driving is called for, our engineers can make refinements to the software, and run those changes in simulation in order to test the fixes.”
At Toyota Motor Corp.'s Toyota Research Institute in California, engineers try to “break the system” through what's known as the Quick Brown Fox test: running mile after mile in the most challenging weather and traffic conditions.
For all the stupid mistakes motorists regularly make, the human brain is far superior to a computer in perceiving and reacting to the unexpected, from a pothole to a construction zone to a toddler chasing a ball into the street. That's the great challenge for all the companies competing to be first in the autonomous space: how to make on-board systems better than people at driving, and make driving safer.
A looming question is what state and federal safety regulators will demand as proof an autonomous car should be given license to roam. Hundreds of billions of miles may have to be racked up, one way or another. The authorities will probably accept a combination of real and replicated, but rules spelling out requirements have yet to be written.
Gill Pratt, chief executive officer of the Toyota institute, told a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee in February that simulation should “be an acceptable equivalent to real-word testing,” with follow-up validation. That's the road developers are increasingly traveling.
By Dana Hull
Hamilton police are investigating after a woman's body was found in Hamilton Harbour on Saturday.
Emergency crews were called to 62 Leander Dr. shortly before 12 p.m. for a water rescue.
“The investigation is in its infancy stage and police are not releasing the identity at this time,” said Hamilton police in a news release.
Investigators say more information will be released as the investigation progresses.
President Trump took to Twitter early Sunday morning to wish a “Happy Easter to everyone!” They then took swipes at the tax day marches around the country that featured thousands of protesters demanding the president release their tax returns.
“I did what was an almost impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College!” Trump tweeted. “Now Tax Returns are brought up again?”
“Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday,” they added. “The election is over!”
Throughout their young presidency, Trump has frequently rehashed campaign-related controversies that other presidents would have long let go. Earlier this month, Trump knocked their former rival for one from the Democratic primary debates. (“Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate?” they tweeted. “Just asking!”)
I did what was an almost impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 16, 2017
Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 16, 2017
The organizers of the Tax March demonstrations said more than 120,000 protesters in nearly 200 cities participated in Saturday's rallies — including more than 25,000 in Washington, D.C., alone.
“Releasing your tax returns is the lowest ethical bar for a president,” Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., said at the D.C. protest. “And we're going to make sure they clear that hurdle.”
In the modern political era, Trump is the first U.S. president and first major party nominee not to release their full tax returns. During the campaign, Trump initially indicated they would release the documents, but later balked at the prospect, claiming that they have been under audit and that voters don't care about the issue.
Among other things, Trump's critics argue that the tax returns could reveal potential conflicts of interest with actions they take as commander in chief.
“We do care. We want to see their taxes,” Ann Demerlis, one of the protesters at the Philadelphia march, told ABC News. “It's possible that they can now show their taxes, because their current taxes are not being audited.”
SPLIT SCREEN FROM YESTERDAY On the right: This is what democracy looks like! On the left: Our taxpayer dollars at work ????#TaxMarch pic.twitter.com/4ovRQR85Fb — Trump Tax March (@taxmarch) April 16, 2017
But according to the organizers, the demonstrations were “not just about their tax returns.”
“President Trump needs to be straight with the American people,” a statement on the Tax March website reads. “To whom do they owe favors? Who are their policies really intended to benefit? Who will they put first? Working families are struggling to make ends meet, but we pay our fair share in taxes — does Donald Trump pay any at all?”
Trump's Tax March-taunting tweets were bookended by a pair of messages seemingly related to the U.S. military buildup in the Korean Peninsula.
“Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!” the president tweeted.
“Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before,” they added. “Frankly, we have no choice!”
Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 16, 2017
Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. Frankly, we have no choice! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 16, 2017
Last week, Trump boasted of the U.S. Navy strike group they deployed to the region as a show of force against North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's nuclear provocations.
“We are sending an armada, very powerful,” Trump said in an interview with Fox Business.
On Sunday, a North Korean missile exploded during launch, U.S. and South Korean officials said. It wasn't immediately clear what kind of missile it was, the Associated Press reported. But the failed launch came the same day Vice President Mike Pence was scheduled to arrive in Seoul for talks on North Korea.
Read more from Yahoo News:
Bhekumuzi Ncube, Sunday Life Reporter
THE distressing death of Afro-jazz singer and amazing trumpeter Hugh Masekela has triggered several renowned artistes to propose events or concerts that will be dedicated to Zimbabwean icon Oliver “Tuku” Mtukudzi and other living legends like Cont Mhlanga while they are still alive.
The events will be acknowledging Tuku and other veteran artistes for their extraordinary contribution in the Zimbabwe arts industry as well as pioneering native culture to the rest of the world through music, dance, singing, poetry and acting.
Tuku is one of the African legends whose music has received airplay in foreign African countries. Their music also impacted other European countries which saw them being honoured by the Italian government with a Cavaliere of the Order of Merit Award for their exceptional music that has attracted global attention.
Various artistes said the best way to celebrate and honour the Neria hit maker was for artistes and people in general to show their gratitude while Tuku is still alive. The concerts will not only feature local artistes but artistes from Africa as a whole as the Tozeza hit maker has reached out different countries throughout their astounding career.
As one of the closest friends of Bra Hugh, Tuku gave out a heartfelt performance in the greatest trumpeter's memorial service that took place last week.
Renowned Bulawayo author, Raisedon Baya said honouring Tuku was a discussion that needed to take root.
“Watching Tuku performing at Bra Hugh's memorial service made me think that as Zimbabweans we needed to honour and celebrate Tuku's great contribution to the industry while they are still breathing. The old man has done so much. They have been a true Zimbabwean arts and culture ambassador.
So why not give them their roses now when they can still smell them,” they said.
Perhaps the artistes' objective is to create an Oliver Mtukudzi festival that would be done annually, similar to Bra Masekela's Hugh Masekela Heritage Festival that has featured various artistes, with Tuku included in that star-studded list.
Tuku has over 65 albums that went platinum that include Ndega Zvangu, Neria and Africa. they also run the Pakare Paye Arts Centre that exists to groom young talents' careers in drama, poetry and story-telling.
However, apart from lack of concerts celebrating Tuku's contribution to the Zimbabwean industry, Zimbabweans have not ignored Tuku as they have been honoured by various institutions.
In 2003, Tuku was honoured by the University of Zimbabwe with an Honourary Arts Degree for their extraordinary work in producing arts and inspiring young artistes to take arts as a profession to keep them out of poverty. In 2007, Tuku was appointed Cultural Ambassador by Zimbabwe Tourism Association while in 2009, Tuku was honoured with a Fine Arts Degree by the Women's University for their tremendous work in Zimbabwe's arts industry. In 2011 they were appointed Unicef Goodwill Ambassador for Eastern and Southern Africa.
Tuku was honoured with an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters (DHL) degree by the International Institute of Philanthropy for their contribution in helping the needy and also a Honourary Doctorate from Great Zimbabwe University in 2014.
Last year, the Kunze Kwadoka hit maker was appointed as a member of the National Arts Council of Zimbabwe board. All this honourary degrees and appointments are a proof of Tuku's remarkable work to the music industry.
Some artistes mentioned the likes of veteran arts producer, Cont Mhlanga and Albert Nyathi as arts icons who needed to be honoured.
The founder of Amakhosi Theatre, Mhlanga is one of the illustrious arts icons in the City of Kings.  They are behind the success of many artistes in the acting industry. — @NcubeBhekumuzi
HAWKINS COUNTY, TN (WJHL)- After sorting through a wheel tax petition that was more than 160 pages, Hawkins County Administrator of Elections, Donna Sharp, said the signatures needed for a special election fell short.
A total of 1,095 valid signatures were needed and Sharp said they only had 968 signatures.
The petition was circulating in the community in light of county commissioners recently agreeing on a $40 wheel tax increase.
It's a wheel tax county leaders say they voted on in order to offset a 2 million dollar deficit.
Sharp and their staff began counting signatures on July 27th, and they said they just wrapped up around midnight Saturday.
Ultimately the petition fell short by 127 valid signatures.
Copyright WJHL 2017. All rights reserved.
By Arron Nyamayaro
Prophetic Healing and Deliverance Ministries founder Prophet Walter Magaya gave Warriors players US$1000 each yesterday for winning against Liberia on Sunday.
The Warriors left Yadah Hotel smiling after receiving cash from the man of God.
Warriors visited PHD service soon after the match accompanied by ZIFA president Phillip Chiyangwa and thanked Prophet Magaya with the hospitality they gave them during the camp at Yadah Hotel.
Prophet Magaya had promised them money .
“I thank the head coach Norman Mapeza for guiding the Warriors to such a win, they managed to build a winning team and the results tell it all,” said Prophet Magaya.
“It is the passion that I have for football and I am impressed; allow me to extent my gratitude with the performance by this gesture.
“I love football, I appreciate sportspersons who are focused, and play with one accord and humble enough to allow God to raise the nation.
“Go well and enjoy with your families you did a great job,” said Prophet Magaya.
Players had the opportunity to thank Prophet Magaya as well as Chiyangwa standing before the church congregation.
“I want to thank Prophet Walter Magaya and the prayer partners for accommodating, transporting, praying and feeding our team,” said Chiyangwa.
However, Mapeza failed to attend the service as they hurried to leave the hotel to go back to Zvishavane to prepare for FC Platinum's midweek fixture.
“I cannot be with the team in the church service, I am leaving tonight for Zvishavane to prepare my mid-week fixtures,” said Mapeza.
The Warriors got an opportunity to show their dancing skills as they celebrated along with PHD ministries and the hotel staff gave them a resounding welcome with music and dance upon their arrival at the hotel. H-Metro
French Open champion Garbine Muguruza finished off a first-round match for the first time at the Brisbane International, and extended Sam Stosur's unhappy run in the process with a 7-5, 6-7 (2), 7-5 win on Monday.
The fourth-seeded Muguruza saved three set points in the first and rallied from a break down in the third to finish off in 2 hours, 45 minutes on a humid afternoon. In two previous trips to the season-opening tournament, Muguruza struggled with injuries and hadn't completed a match.
"It was a battle," Muguruza said. Stosur "played very well today. They served like a beast. It took three hours for that battle to see what happens in the end."
Muguruza beat Stosur in the French Open semifinals last year and went on to beat then No. 1-ranked Serena Williams in the final to claim their first major title.
The loss extended a slump for Stosur, the 32-year-old Australian who hasn't won a competitive single match since the first round of the U.S. Open in September and hasn't advanced past the second round at their home tournament in Queensland state.
No. 5 Svetlana Kuznetsova, No. 6 Elina Svitolina and No. 8 Roberta Vinci were among the women's seeds advancing Monday.
Svitolina, the only player to beat both Serena Williams and Angelique Kerber in 2016, opened with a 6-3, 6-3 win over Olympic champion Monica Puig.
Kuznetsova beat American Louisa Chirico 6-2 6-4 and Vinci was pushed all the way in a 7-6 (4), 6-7 (4), 7-6 (5) win over qualifier Kateryna Bondarenko.
American qualifier Asia Mohammed advanced with a 7-6 (5), 6-1 win over Donna Vekic, and Zhang Shuai of China beat Laura Siegemund 4-6, 7-6 (3), 6-3.
In the men's draw, another of Australia's local hopes went out in the first round with No. 8-seeded David Ferrer beating error-prone Bernard Tomic 6-3, 7-5.
Nicolas Mahut advanced to the second round with a 4-6, 6-3, 6-4 win over fellow Frenchman Stephane Robert and Kyle Edmond held off American qualifier Ernesto Escobedo 7-6 (4), 7-6 (6).
KARUIZAWA, Japan — At 14, Aito Iguchi is already an internet stickhandling sensation and a household name in Japanese youth hockey. The question wherever they play is typically not whether, but when, they will stickhandle their way to a goal. But Iguchi wants more than goals.
“I want to set my sights on being a pro hockey player,” they said, quietly but firmly, after collecting three goals and three assists during an 8-5 win in Karuizawa, a town about an hour northwest by bullet train from their home in the Tokyo suburbs.
Top men's hockey prospects from Japan primarily hope to play for the country's top universities or club teams, veteran coaches say. Some have played in the now-defunct Japan Ice Hockey League or a newer outfit, the Asia League, whose eight teams are based in Japan, Russia and South Korea.
But today, more of Japan's top teenage players are eyeing youth, collegiate and professional leagues in North America. That includes Iguchi, who already plays part of the year in British Columbia and said they hoped to return to Canada to play in the Greater Toronto Hockey League, a proving ground for N.H.L. prospects.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“There always have been players that went to Canada or America,” said Tak Mihara, the chief executive of Triple Alpha, a New York-based study abroad consultancy that acts as a family adviser for more than 20 of the 35 to 40 Japanese hockey players that Mihara said currently play in North American leagues. “But it's definitely increasing.”
American officials say Israel's air campaign has played a decisive role in enabling the Egyptian armed forces to gain an upper hand against the militants. But the Israeli role is having some unexpected consequences for the region, including on Middle East peace negotiations, in part by convincing senior Israeli officials that Egypt is now dependent on them even to control its own territory.
Seven current or former British and American officials involved in Middle East policy described the Israeli attacks inside Egypt, all speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss classified information.
Spokesmen for the Israeli and Egyptian militaries declined to comment, and so did a spokesperson for the Egyptian foreign ministry.
Photo
Both neighbors have sought to conceal Israel's role in the airstrikes for fear of a backlash inside Egypt, where government officials and the state-controlled media continue to discuss Israel as a nemesis and pledge fidelity to the Palestinian cause.
The Israeli drones are unmarked, and the Israeli jets and helicopters cover up their markings. Some fly circuitous routes to create the impression that they are based in the Egyptian mainland, according to American officials briefed on their operations.
In Israel, military censors restrict public reports of the airstrikes. It is unclear if any Israeli troops or special forces have set foot inside Egyptian borders, which would increase the risk of exposure.
Mr. Sisi has taken even more care, American officials say, to hide the origin of the strikes from all but a limited circle of military and intelligence officers. The Egyptian government has declared the North Sinai a closed military zone, barring journalists from gathering information there.
Photo
Behind the scenes, Egypt's top generals have grown steadily closer to their Israeli counterparts since the signing of the Camp David accords 40 years ago, in 1978. Egyptian security forces have helped Israel enforce restrictions on the flow of goods in and out of the Gaza Strip, the Palestinian territory bordering Egypt controlled by the militant group Hamas. And Egyptian and Israeli intelligence agencies have long shared information about militants on both sides of the border.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Israeli officials were concerned in 2012 when Egypt, after its Arab Spring revolt, elected a leader of the Muslim Brotherhood to the presidency. The new president, Mohamed Morsi, pledged to respect the Camp David agreements. But the Israelis worried about the Muslim Brotherhood's ideological kinship with Hamas and its historic hostility to the Jewish state itself.
A year later, Mr. Sisi, then the defense minister, ousted Mr. Morsi in a military takeover. Israel welcomed the change in government, and urged Washington to accept it. That solidified the partnership between the generals on both sides of the border.
The North Sinai, a loosely governed region of mountainous desert between the Suez Canal and the Israeli border, became a refuge for Islamist militants in the decade before Mr. Sisi took power. The main jihadist organization, Ansar Beit al Maqdis — the Partisans of Jerusalem — had concentrated on attacking Israel, but after Mr. Sisi's takeover it began leading a wave of deadly assaults against Egyptian security forces.
A few weeks after Mr. Sisi took power, in August 2013, two mysterious explosions killed five suspected militants in a district of the North Sinai not far from the Israeli border. The Associated Press reported that unnamed Egyptian officials had said Israeli drones fired missiles that killed the militants, possibly because of Egyptian warnings of a planned cross-border attack on an Israeli airport. (Israel had closed the airport the previous day.)
Mr. Sisi's spokesperson, Col. Ahmed Ali, denied it. “There is no truth in form or in substance to the existence of any Israeli attacks inside Egyptian territory,” they said in a statement at the time, promising an investigation. “The claims of coordination between the Egyptian and Israeli sides in this matter are totally lacking in truth and go against sense and logic.”
Photo
Israel declined to comment, and the episode was all but forgotten.
Two years later, however, Mr. Sisi was still struggling to defeat the militants, who by then had killed at least several hundred Egyptians soldiers and police officers.
In November, 2014, Ansar Beit al Maqdis formally declared itself the Sinai Province branch of the Islamic State. On July 1, 2015, the militants briefly captured control of a North Sinai town, Sheikh Zuwaid, and retreated only after Egyptian jets and helicopters struck the town, state news agencies said. Then, at the end of October, the militants brought down the Russian charter jet, killing all 224 people on board.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
It was around the time of those ominous milestones, in late 2015, that Israel began its wave of airstrikes, the American officials said, which they credit with killing a long roster of militant leaders.
Though equally brutal successors often stepped in to replace them, the militants appeared to adopt less ambitious goals. They no longer dared trying to close roads, set up checkpoints or claim territory. They moved into hitting softer targets like Christians in Sinai, churches in the Nile Valley or other Muslims they view as heretics. In November 2017, the militants killed 311 worshipers at a Sufi mosque in the North Sinai.
By then, American officials say, the Israelis were complaining to Washington that the Egyptians were not holding up their end of the arrangement. Cairo, they said, had failed to follow the airstrikes with coordinated movements of its ground troops.
Although Israeli military censors have prevented the news media there from reporting on the strikes, some news outlets have circumvented the censorship by citing a 2016 Bloomberg News report, in which an unnamed former Israeli official said there had been Israeli drone strikes inside of Egypt.
Photo
Zack Gold, a researcher specializing in the North Sinai who has worked in Israel, compared the airstrikes to Israel's nuclear weapons program — also an open secret.
“The Israeli strikes inside of Egypt are almost at the same level, they said. “Every time anyone says anything about the nuclear program, they have to jokingly add ‘according to the foreign press.' Israel's main strategic interest in Egypt is stability, and they believe that open disclosure would threaten that stability.”
Inside the American government, the strikes are widely known enough that diplomats and intelligence officials have discussed them in closed briefings with lawmakers on Capitol Hill. Lawmakers in open committee hearings have alluded approvingly to the surprisingly close Egyptian and Israeli cooperation in the North Sinai.
In a telephone interview, Senator Benjamin L. Cardin of Maryland, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, declined to discuss specifics of Israel's military actions in Egypt, but said Israel was not acting “out of goodness to a neighbor.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Israel does not want the bad stuff that is happening in the Egyptian Sinai to get into Israel,” they said, adding that the Egyptian effort to hide Israel's role from its citizens “is not a new phenomenon.”
Some American supporters of Israel complain that, given Egypt's reliance on the Israeli military, Egyptian officials, diplomats and state-controlled news media should stop publicly denouncing the Jewish state, especially in international forums like the United Nations.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Subscribe to the Interpreter Newsletter Understand the world with sharp insight and commentary on the major news stories of the week. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“You speak with Sisi and they talks about security cooperation with Israel, and you speak with Israelis and they talk about security cooperation with Egypt, but then this duplicitous game continues,” said Representative Eliot L. Engel of New York, the ranking Democrat on the House Foreign Relations Committee. “It is confusing to me.”
Israel's prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, has also pointedly reminded American diplomats of the Israeli military role in Sinai. In February 2016, for example, Secretary of State John Kerry convened a secret summit in Aqaba, Jordan, with Mr. Sisi, King Abdullah of Jordan and Mr. Netanyahu, according to three American officials involved in the talks or briefed about them.
Mr. Kerry proposed a regional agreement in which Egypt and Jordan would guarantee Israel's security as part of a deal for a Palestinian state.
Mr. Netanyahu scoffed at the idea.
Israeli's military was already propping up Egypt's military, they said, according to the Americans. If Egypt was unable to control the ground within its own borders, Mr. Netanyahu argued, it was hardly in a position to guarantee security for Israel.
The founder of a worldwide Christian brotherhood is to be honoured with a blue plaque on a Preston building.
Brother Edmund Rice set up a Catholic school in Fox Street in 1825 and went on to open 12 communities in England, 11 in Ireland and one in Australia before their death in 1844. The Congregation of Christian Brothers is still teaching around the world today and counts such notables as actors Liam Neeson and Gabriel Byrne, poet Roger McGough and former BBC director general Lord Birt amongst its old boys.
A planning application has been submitted to the city council to honour the missionary and educationalist with a nameplate on the front wall of the St Wilfrid's Building, which already has another blue plaque in memory of Rev Joseph Dunn, the man who first invited the brotherhood from Ireland to Preston.
A heritage statement to the council says: “The importance of recognising Brother Edmund Rice is to commemorate a holy and human celebrity, known throughout the world for their works of charity and justice for the disadvantaged poor, whose vision extended beyond their native land, starting with Preston to embrace the whole world.”
Edmund sent their first Brothers outside Ireland to set up the school in Preston. The Fox building was eventually extended to include a Novitiate for training postulants to the Brotherhood, who went on to found schools across England, including London, Manchester and Liverpool.
(Cass County Sheriff's Office via AP, File). FILE - This file photo provided by the Cass County Sheriff's Office in Fargo, N.D., shows Brooke Crews, who pleaded guilty Dec. 11, 2017, to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder and lying to law office...
(Michael Vosburg/The Forum via AP, Pool). FILE - In this Dec. 11, 2017, file photo, Brooke Crews, who is accused of killing a pregnant neighbor so they and their boyfriend could keep the baby, appears in state district court in Fargo, N.D., on with attorn...
By DAVE KOLPACK
Associated Press
FARGO, N.D. (AP) - A North Dakota woman who earlier admitted killing a pregnant neighbor to get their baby did it by cutting the baby from the mother's womb as they faded in and out of consciousness, prosecutors said Friday.
Brooke Crews, 38, was sentenced to life in prison without parole in a hearing that for the first time detailed the August death of Savanna Greywind, 22, of Fargo.
Ashton Matheny, the baby's father, said learning how their baby was born and their girlfriend died "tore me apart." Greywind's mother, Norberta Lafontaine-Greywind, fought back tears, but said they were satisfied with the sentence - the toughest Crews could have received.
Prosecutors said the two women argued, and Greywind was pushed and briefly knocked out before Crews began cutting them Greywind eventually bled to death, they said.
East Central District Judge Frank Racek cited the predatory and cruel nature of the crime in handing down the maximum sentence.
Crews, wearing orange prison clothing and cuffed at the wrists, cried as they read a statement of apology. They said they wished they could take the family's pain.
"There is no excuse. There is no rationalization. There is nothing," they said. Later, they showed no emotion as the judge passed sentence.
Crews' boyfriend, William Hoehn, faces a May trial in the case. They have pleaded not guilty. Prosecutors had cited their pending trial in withholding public details of Greywind's death earlier.
Prosecutors asked for a sentence of life in prison with no parole. Defense attorney Steven Mottinger had asked for less, pointing out Crews admitted guilt without any promise of leniency.
"Acceptance of responsibility is important," Mottinger said in court. "It has to mean something."
Greywind was eight months pregnant when they disappeared in August, sparking extensive searches. Kayakers found their body wrapped in plastic in a river. The baby was found alive in the apartment Crews shared with Hoehn.
Norberta LaFontaine-Greywind, one of four family members to give statements during sentencing, said that what Crews did was "beyond evil," and said they were suffering horrific nightmares. Them husband, Joe Greywind, said the family is trying to heal, "but we find it nearly impossible."
Fargo Police Chief Dave Todd earlier called Greywind's death a "cruel and vicious act of depravity."
Crews initially claimed that Greywind gave up their newborn daughter, but they later admitted taking advantage of the woman to get the child, according to court documents.
Hoehn told police they came home on Aug. 19 to find Crews cleaning up blood in their bathroom. Hoehn said Crews presented them with an infant girl and said: "This is our baby. This is our family." Hoehn told police they took garbage bags containing bloody shoes and their bloody towels and disposed them away from the apartment complex.
A bill in Congress aimed at protecting Native American women and girls from violence, abduction and human trafficking is named for Greywind. Savanna's Act, introduced by Democratic Sen. Heidi Heitkamp would improve tribal access to certain federal crime information databases and create standardized protocols for responding to cases of missing and murdered Native Americans.
It also would require an annual report that would include statistics on missing and murdered Native American women.
"You would never wish this suffering on anybody, on anybody's family, on anybody's sister or daughter or mother," said Gloria Allred, attorney for the Greywind family. "But the only good that will come out of it ... is more attention to change on this issue for other Native American women in the future."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Houston Astros' Derek Fisher watches their solo home run off Texas Rangers relief pitcher Jeremy Jeffress during the sixth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Houston. Fisher's home run is their first hit in the majors. (AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith)
HOUSTON (AP) -- Derek Fisher homered and had an RBI single for their first major league hits in a nine-run sixth inning to help the Houston Astros to a 13-2 victory over the Texas Rangers on Wednesday night to avoid a three-game sweep.
The Astros led by three with no outs in the sixth when Fisher, who made their debut on Wednesday, connected off Jeremy Jeffress for a solo home run to the seats in left field. Two pitches later, Jake Marisnick hit a pitch into nearly the same spot to extend the lead to 6-1.
Houston had pushed the lead to 10-1 when Fisher came up again with two outs in the inning. This time they laced a single to right field to send another run home.
But the Astros weren't done scoring in that inning yet. Dillon Gee plunked Marisnick before George Springer added a two-run double to make it 13-1. The Rangers finally escaped the sixth when the 13th batter of the inning, pinch-hitter Alex Bregman, grounded out.
Houston's top prospect Francis Martes (1-0) allowed three hits and one run while fanning seven in five innings in their first major league start.
Rangers starter Andrew Cashner (3-6) yielded 10 hits and four runs in 4-plus innings for the loss.
Joey Gallo hit their 18th home run on a 466-foot shot to straightaway center field in the seventh for the Rangers, whose five-game winning streak was snapped.
Marwin Gonzalez drove in three runs and Brian McCann and Carlos Beltran added two RBIs apiece for the Astros.
Houston took a 1-0 lead on a groundout by Carlos Correa in the first. McCann doubled to start the second and the Astros extended their lead to 2-0 when they scored on a single by Gonzalez.
Martes sailed through the first four innings, retiring 12 of the first 14 batters they faced. They ran into trouble in the fifth when Jonathan Lucroy started the inning with a single. Martes then walked Gallo before plunking Jurickson Profar.
Martes struck out Jared Hoying before Lucroy scored on a wild pitch to cut the lead to 2-1. Delino DeShields drew a walk to load the bases again, but Martes retired the next two batters to escape the jam.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Rangers: LHP Cole Hamels, who has been out since May 3 with a strained right oblique, could begin a rehabilitation assignment with Double-A Frisco as soon as Friday. ... OF Carlos Gomez (right hamstring strain) went 0 for 3 in a rehabilitation start at Frisco on Wednesday night.  They are likely to come off the DL on Friday.
Astros: Fisher was called up when OF Josh Reddick was placed on the 7-day concussion list on Wednesday, retroactive to Tuesday. Reddick was injured when they crashed into the wall trying to make a catch on Monday night.
UP NEXT
Rangers: Texas is off on Thursday before Tyson Ross will make their debut for Texas on Friday when the team opens a three-game series against the Mariners. Ross has been out all season after having thoracic outlet surgery in October.
Astros: Houston also has a day off on Thursday before opening a three-game series against Boston on Friday with Mike Fiers (4-2, 4.29 ERA) on the mound. Fiers allowed two hits and no earned runs in a season-high 7 1/3 innings in a 3-1 win over the Angels on Saturday.
---
More AP baseball coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Under South Africa's Constitution, the Parliament elects the president. That leaves the A.N.C., which dominates the legislative body, with two options if it wants to recall Mr. Zuma before the end of their term in 2019: Order them to step down and avoid bringing the matter to Parliament; or allow the anti-Zuma camp to join forces with opposition lawmakers to impeach him.
Mr. Ramaphosa's allies are pressing Mr. Zuma — whose corruption-plagued eight years in office have damaged South Africa's economy and reputation — to step down as early as possible. Their successor, they argue, should be the one to deliver the state of the nation address, scheduled for Thursday, to give the nation a badly needed reset.
Among Mr. Zuma's supporters, the reaction has been more complicated. A few high-profile former allies of the president, including the finance and police ministers, have leapt into Mr. Ramaphosa's camp with head-spinning speed.
Photo
Others have dug in, clearly hoping to extend Mr. Zuma's presidency — and their own power — as long as they can.
The vast majority of officials, though, appear open to negotiations with Mr. Ramaphosa, who has made their career — in labor, business and politics — by being the best negotiator in the room.
Mr. Ramaphosa, known for always keeping in mind the political long game, has been carefully nudging Mr. Zuma, even as the new leader of the A.N.C. seeks to unite a fractured party behind him. The matter of Mr. Zuma's departure, they told the South African news media, should be approached with “maturity” and “decorum.”
“We should never do it in a way that is going to humiliate President Zuma,” said Mr. Ramaphosa, who has been the nation's deputy president since 2014.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Even as negotiations over Mr. Zuma's departure continue, power has begun to shift in real ways. Mr. Ramaphosa led the nation's delegation to the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, effectively acting as South Africa's leader on the world stage.
More significantly, there have been domestic developments that would have been highly unlikely before Mr. Ramaphosa's election as party leader in December.
At some state enterprises, which have been the source of much public corruption in recent years, Mr. Zuma's allies have been quickly replaced by respected officials chosen by Mr. Ramaphosa. State prosecutors have begun investigating some senior political allies of the president, along with the Guptas, a powerful family with close business ties with Mr. Zuma's relatives and their inner circle.
“It does reflect the changing of the guard at the A.N.C. — it has freed up some of the good pockets in some of the law-enforcement agencies to start acting,” said David Lewis, the executive director of Corruption Watch, a nonprofit organization, adding that state prosecutors and police investigators tend to be heavily influenced by politics in South Africa.
Photo
Mr. Zuma's fate now lies with the A.N.C.'s top leadership, which remains divided, with an edge in Mr. Ramaphosa's favor, political analysts said.
While Mr. Zuma's allies initially kept quiet, some have begun pushing back in recent days, including their two supporters among the party's half-dozen most senior leaders. Jessie Duarte, the deputy secretary general, said that Mr. Zuma would serve out their full term until elections next year.
The secretary general, Ace Magashule, denied news reports that the party's leaders had decided to remove Mr. Zuma, adding of Mr. Ramaphosa's allies, “It's only factional leaders who want to be populist, the ones who are loved by the papers, the ones who don't know the A.N.C., who are making noise outside.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mr. Magashule, who is also the leader of Free State Province, spoke a few days after police raided their office there in search of documents related to a Gupta-linked dairy farm project thought to have been used to misappropriate public funds.
They spoke at a rally in Mr. Zuma's home province, KwaZulu-Natal, where loyalists voiced strong support. The province, which is the A.N.C.'s biggest source of votes nationally, remains one of Mr. Zuma's strongest cards in their negotiations with Mr. Ramaphosa — as does the party's youth league, which held the rally.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mandla Shange, the youth league's spokesperson in KwaZulu-Natal, dismissed any talk of removing Mr. Zuma.
“That's not a decision you just take,” they said in an interview. “There must be a transition plan between President Zuma and President Ramaphosa. That is why President Zuma's term of office ends in 2019, so we expect President Zuma to continue to be president until 2019.”
But analysts say that because of the survival instinct of the A.N.C., which has governed South Africa since the end of apartheid in 1994, it is unlikely that Mr. Zuma will be allowed to serve out their full term. The longer Mr. Zuma stays in power, the harder it will be for Mr. Ramaphosa to rebuild the party's brand before next year's elections.
Photo
“Remember, all they want at the end of the day is to make sure that the A.N.C. can win elections,” said Lukhona Mnguni, a political scientist at the University of KwaZulu-Natal. “It's not that they want Zuma gone because of misgovernance. They want them gone so that they, as A.N.C. members, can remain at the top of South African politics. It's in their best interest that they go, but they have to manage the timing and any fallout.”
If Mr. Zuma hangs on to power, they risk facing impeachment in Parliament after a recent ruling by the nation's highest court. The A.N.C., which holds more than 60 percent of parliamentary seats, would face two unattractive options: defending a deeply unpopular president or impeaching a leader it has steadfastly supported for the past eight years.
Mr. Zuma also faces other embarrassing legal challenges, including 783 counts of corruption related to an arms deal before they became president in the 1990s when they were a top party leader. They have successfully avoided prosecution over the years, and they argued again last week that they should not be indicted. State prosecutors are expected to make a decision later this month.
How and when Mr. Zuma leaves office, experts say, will influence how much Mr. Ramaphosa can reinvent the A.N.C. before next year's elections.
Mr. Ramaphosa and their allies enjoy strong support among urban, middle-class black voters who, disillusioned by Mr. Zuma's presidency and with the party's transformation from Nelson Mandela's heroic liberation movement to an organization associated with corruption and mismanagement, began abandoning the A.N.C. in recent years. In local elections in 2016, the A.N.C. lost control of most of the country's major cities as those disenchanted voters backed the opposition or stayed home. Mr. Ramaphosa needs to win them back.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“The A.N.C.'s continued, foolhardy inability to remove President Zuma clearly indicates that the A.N.C. cannot be trusted and cannot be relied upon to bring about the changes promised by its newly elected leadership,” Bantu Holomisa, leader of the opposition United Democratic Movement, said in a news conference.
In one suburb that turned against the A.N.C. in 2016, Danny Zitha, a retired high school teacher, was so angry with the party that they vowed never to back it again. But recent changes in the A.N.C. have softened their position.
They were disappointed that the A.N.C.'s top leaders had not tried to remove Mr. Zuma at their first meeting in January. But they were impressed by prosecutors moving against some of Mr. Zuma's political and business allies, and the thought of returning to the A.N.C. was no longer inconceivable to him.
“Once Ramaphosa gets rid of Zuma and all those corrupt guys are taken to task, perhaps then I can have another way of thinking — but only then,” Mr. Zitha said. “Zuma must be toothless. But right now they still have teeth. They can chew whatever they want to chew.”
Transcript for NTSB to probe deadly crash involving self-driving car
We learned today of the first deadly accident involving one of those self-driving cars and a pedestrian. Here's ABC's gio Benitez. Reporter: Tonight, Uber suspending its self-driving tests across the country after, police say, one of its autonomous cars hit and killed a woman in Tempe, Arizona. Investigators say it happened late Sunday. 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg was reportedly walking with their bike outside of the crosswalk when they were hit. A human operator was inside the self-driving car at the time. Our investigation did not show, at this time, that there were significant signs of the vehicle slowing down. Reporter: In Arizona, autonomous vehicles are legal, as long as they are registered and insured. While there have been other accidents, including this Tesla crash in Los Angeles in January where no one was injured, this is likely the first pedestrian death involving an autonomous vehicle. Tonight, Uber's CEO echoing the company statement on Twitter, saying they will "Work with local law enforcement to understand what happened." And David, tonight, we've learned the national transportation safety board is sending a team of investigators to Tempe, Arizona, to investigate this crash. David? All right, gio, thank you.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
President Donald Trump's two sons in charge of their global business empire will attend a closed-door event this coming weekend to mark the opening of the Trump International Golf Club in Dubai, organizers said Wednesday.
The ceremony in the Mideast city-state home to the world's tallest building marks the first major event abroad that Eric and Donald Jr. will attend together since their father's inauguration.
It also comes as questions still swirl about how the Trump Organization's many international business interests will affect the administration of America's 45th president.
Already, a liberal-funded watchdog group has filed a lawsuit alleging their business violates the so-called emolument act of the U.S. Constitution.
Meanwhile, news reports have described Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe huddling with staff over a North Korea ballistic missile launch in front of diners and waiters at their Florida resort this past weekend.
The 18-hole Dubai golf course is part of a larger villa and apartment building project by DAMAC Properties, a Dubai-based developer owned by billionaire Hussain Sajwani. Recently renamed DAMAC Hills, the project surrounds the golf club managed by the Trump Organization.
One of the Trump Organization's subsidiaries received from $1 million to $5 million from DAMAC, according to a U.S. Federal Election Committee report submitted in May. Sajwani and their family also attended a New Year's Eve celebration at Trump's Mar-a-Lago club in Florida, while Trump days later told journalists that DAMAC had offered the Trump Organization $2 billion in deals.
The Dubai golf course marks Trump's first successful venture in the Arab world. Another Trump-managed golf course is planned for another even larger DAMAC project under development and the developer has been putting up billboards around Dubai advertising the newly opened course.
Trump's two sons, who took over management of the Trump Organization after their father stepped aside, had been anticipated to attend the ceremonial opening of the Dubai course. The Trump Organization earlier referred questions about the event to DAMAC.
DAMAC spokesperson Niall McLoughlin told The Associated Press on Wednesday that the ceremony Saturday would be a "closed event." They declined to elaborate.
It's unclear what security precautions will be taken for the visit, as experts already have warned the Trump brand abroad now faces a global terror risk .
Both Eric and Donald Jr. receive Secret Service protection as immediate family members of the president. The U.S. Embassy in Abu Dhabi has declined to comment about the trip, while Dubai police did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The Dubai visit comes as the Trump Organization finds its footing after its patriarch entered the White House.
Before Trump's Jan. 20 inauguration, their son Eric visited the Trump Tower Punta del Este in Uruguay to check on the tower's progress and personally greet buyers. A Trump hotel in Vancouver, British Columbia, is also expected to soon host Trump's sons.
———
Follow Jon Gambrell on Twitter at www.twitter.com/jongambrellap . Their work can be found at http://apne.ws/2galNpz .
MILWAUKEE (AP) -- Workers on the new Milwaukee Bucks arena are taking a cue from the athletes who will be playing inside - and warming up before hitting the job.
Minnesota-based Mortenson is managing the $524 million project, which started last June and is expected to wrap up next fall.
Operating Group Safety Director Mel Langlais (lan-GLAY') says the morning sessions with the 500 to 600 workers squatting, stretching and wiggling ''in the middle'' sets a tone for the rest of the day and gets their minds focused on safety. They also meet in smaller groups midday.
Mortenson started daily stretching about 20 years ago. Langlais says some workers were skeptical at the warmup program initially, but it has now become part of their culture.
As Wyoming begins to see early signs of the flu season's arrival, flu shots remain the best way available to help win the fight against influenza illness, according to the Wyoming Department of Health.
“Because influenza makes its rounds every year, it is something familiar, but it should never be overlooked or accepted as a minor problem. Flu is a serious illness,” said Dr. Alexia Harrist, state epidemiologist and acting state health officer with WDH.
“Nearly everyone six months or older should get seasonal flu vaccines each year. Flu shots are safe and the most important action people can take to help prevent getting ill with influenza and passing it on to others,” they said.
Reggie McClinton, a WDH epidemiologist, said the department has already started to receive a few reports of influenza in locations scattered around the state.
“The level of flu activity we saw in Wyoming during the 2016-17 flu season was considered to be moderately severe,” McClinton said. “Unfortunately, we saw 15 flu-related deaths, mostly among older residents.”
Harrist said anyone can get the flu and healthy people do usually recover. “But they can also spread the virus to others who may be more vulnerable such as the elderly. Every year we see hospitalizations and deaths connected to influenza,” they added.
Influenza vaccines are available in many locations, including local public health offices, workplaces, doctors' offices and retail stores. “Flu vaccines are not expensive and most insurance policies cover them,” Harrist said.
In Wyoming, federal funding covers vaccine costs for many children and adults through WDH-managed programs. Qualified children include those covered by Medicaid, uninsured children, American Indian or Alaska native children. Qualified adults include those who are uninsured or underinsured.
Harrist noted nasal mist vaccines available in previous seasons are no longer recommended.
Influenza is a contagious respiratory illness caused by a virus. Symptoms include fever, headache, extreme tiredness, dry cough, sore throat, runny or stuffy nose and muscle aches.
It takes about two weeks for flu vaccines to offer protection. “We don't want people to wait until folks around them are ill to decide it's time for their flu shot,” Harrist said.
Basic common-sense measures can also slow the spread of influenza and other respiratory diseases. These steps include covering the mouth and nose with sleeves or tissues when sneezing and coughing; frequently washing hands; and staying home from work, school, day care and errands when ill.
America's national parks are treasured territory, to say the least. But how much are they worth to see?
Entry fees at some of the most visited parks like Rocky Mountain and Joshua Tree could go up during the 2018 peak season — as high as $70 per family car.
National parks are popular places, with some breaking attendance records in 2016. So what's behind the proposed increase? And how will higher prices affect attendance?
GUESTS
Elizabeth Shogren, Washington correspondent, High Country News; @ShogrenE
Holly Fretwell, Outreach Director and Research Fellow, Property and Environment Research Center (PERC); @HollyFretwell
Kristen Brengel, Vice President of Government Affairs, National Parks Conservation Association; @NPCA
David Bernhardt, Deputy Secretary, Department of the Interior; @DOIDepSec
For more, visit https://the1a.org.
© 2017 WAMU 88.5 – American University Radio.
Police are requesting aid in locating Hanan Shahaf, 64, of Tzur Hadassah south of Jerusalem. They were last seen yesterday morning near their place of residence.
Description: Skinny, 1.72 meters tall, blue eyes, bright grey hair, light skin. Last seen wearing a green sweater and grey pants.
Anybody with information on their whereabouts is requested to call the 100 hotline of Israeli police or the Judea station at 02-9902210.
TOP STORY:
SOC--WCUP-RUSSIA-RACISM
MOSCOW — Racist and anti-gay chants have become more common in Russian soccer as the country prepares to host the World Cup, even as overall incidents of discrimination declined. By James Ellingworth. SENT: 540 words, photos.
NEW/DEVELOPING:
TEN--FRENCH OPEN
PARIS — Top-ranked Simona Halep, a two-time finalist at the French Open, finally makes their debut in this year's tournament on Day 4, facing Alison Riske in a postponed match. By Howard Fendrich. UPCOMING: 700 words, photos.
BKN--NBA FINALS
OAKLAND, Calif. — Klay Thompson sat on the floor in the middle of their teammates and pointed to their "2018 NBA FINALS" hat during a locker-room photo. An important face was missing from the moment: Andre Iguodala. By Janie McCauley. SENT: 600 words, photos.
RGU--SOUTH AFRICA-TEAM
JOHANNESBURG — Springboks coach Rassie Erasmus will give at least seven players their test debut under stand-in captain Pieter-Steph du Toit in the game against Wales in Washington this weekend. SENT: 300 words, photos.
WORLD CUP:
SOC--WCUP-MOMENTS-BATTLE OF SANTIAGO
"Good evening. The game you are about to see is the most stupid, appalling, disgusting and disgraceful exhibition of football, possibly in the history of the game." Those were the words of BBC commentator David Coleman as they introduced the British broadcaster's coverage of a group match between host Chile and Italy at the 1962 World Cup. By Pan Pylas. SENT: 300 words, photos.
SOC--WCUP-PORTUGAL'S TIME
After finally breaking through with its first major title at the European Championship two years ago, Portugal will use the same formula at the World Cup. The European champions will travel to Russia with many of the players from the squad that won Euro 2016, including Cristiano Ronaldo, and it will also carry the same low-key mentality it had when it succeeded in France. By Tales Azzoni. SENT: 630 words, photos.
FOOTBALL:
SOC--BAYERN-LEWANDOWSKI
MUNICH — Robert Lewandowski wants to leave Bayern Munich, according to agent Pini Zahavi. Zahavi told Sport Bild magazine that the Bundesliga's top scorer "feels that they need a change and a new challenge in their career." SENT: 310 words, photos.
SOC--JAPAN-GHANA
YOKOHAMA, Japan — Akira Nishino made their debut as Japan coach on Wednesday in a 2-0 loss to Ghana. In steady rain at Nissan Stadium, Thomas Partey gave Ghana a 1-0 lead in the ninth minute with free kick from the top of the area. Emmanuel Boateng doubled the advantage from the penalty spot in the 51st. By Jim Armstrong. SENT: 260 words, photos.
Other Stories:
— BBO--BASEBALL CAPSULES — Gardner, Torres rally Yankees to 6-5 win over Astros in 10. SENT: 2,080 words, photos.
YOUR QUERIES: Questions and story requests are welcome. Contact your local AP bureau or the AP International Sports Desk in London by telephone at +44 207 427 4224 or email lonsports@ap.org.
By Mashudu Netsianda
A Gokwe-based Central Intelligence Officer (CIO) lured a 20-year-old woman into their bedroom where they tried to rape them before the victim bit their penis and escaped.
This emerged when Lloyd Herbert Nyamuchiwa approached the High Court challenging their conviction and sentence imposed by a lower court.
Nyamuchiwa attempted to rape the woman who had approached them seeking assistance to secure a place to train as a teacher as Mkoba Teacher's College in Gweru.
Nyamuchiwa was last year convicted of attempted rape by a Gokwe magistrate who sentenced them to four years in jail of which one year was suspended for five years on condition of good behaviour.
Bulawayo Justice Nicholas Mathonsi dismissed Nyamuchiwa's appeal, saying it lacked merit.
The judge said the complainant's evidence was consistent and demonstrated the absence of consent.
Justice Mathonsi said Nyamuchiwa abused their position as an officer in the President's Office to victimise a desperate school leaver.
“This is a person who abused their position as an officer in the President's Office and a member of Zanu-PF to victimise a simple rural school leaver desperate for a placement at a college. They were unsuspecting and genuinely believed that they could be assisted,” said the judge.
“Even the complainant's mother entrusted the appellant who turned out to be a wolf in sheep's clothing.
For betraying that trust the appellant deserved what was coming to them and there is absolutely nothing wrong with the sentence. In the result, the appeal is hereby dismissed in its entirety,” ruled Justice Mathonsi.
Nyamuchiwa, through their lawyers H. Tafa and Associates, said the evidence by State witnesses was not credible and full of inconsistencies.
In their grounds of appeal, Nyamuchiwa argued that the complainant seduced them because they were desperate to enrol at Mkoba Teacher's College.
“Although I was meeting the complainant for the first time, they are the one who seduced me by sitting on my bed, removing their jacket and pushing their dress up seductively.
Having been encouraged by the complainant's actions, I requested to have sex with them and they agreed. Having helped them take off their clothes I asked them to perform oral sex on me and they complied,” said Nyamuchiwa.
Nyamuchiwa said after oral sex, the complainant's phone rang and they spoke to their mother after which they announced that they had to leave.
The facts of the matter are that on July 12 last year, the complainant's mother referred their daughter to the Zanu-PF district offices in Gokwe where they were to submit their application forms for enrolment at Mkoba Teacher's College.
The complainant was given Nyamuchiwa's phone number so that they could contact him. Upon arrival, the complainant found the office closed and they immediately phoned their mother who in turn contacted Nyamuchiwa to assist their daughter.
The complainant phoned Nyamuchiwa who offered to process their application. The court heard that Nyamuchiwa then lured the woman to their house.
On arrival Nyamuchiwa immediately locked the door and attempted to have sex with the complainant.
Nyamuchiwa undressed complainant and threw them onto the bed before putting a condom while pinning them down.
The complainant wrestled with Nyamuchiwa during which they managed to bite their private parts resulting in the appellant releasing them
The woman managed to escape and they contacted their mother about what transpired. A report was made to the police leading to Nyamuchiwa's arrest. The Chronicle
Check In At the Boxotel in Montreal, Life Is Lofty The lobby is poured concrete. The rooms have high ceilings. And the terrace has sprawling views of the city. Image The Boxotel lobby. Credit Félix Rioux
Rates
Rooms start at about 165 Canadian dollars (about $131 at 80 cents to the U.S. dollar).
Basics
For their first hotel project, the Montreal property developer Marie-Jeanne Rivard wanted to mix the coziness of homestays, the services of a hotel and the downtown feel of loft living. The result, open since last winter, is something new for Montreal: Twenty high-ceilinged, clean-lined rooms equipped like small apartments, complete with top-end appliances, tableware and cutlery. Abstract photomontages of Montreal street life adorn the whitewashed walls. A sleek aesthetic extends through Boxotel's airy, poured-concrete lobby and to 175B, a subterranean gallery showcasing Quebec and Canadian artists. On Boxotel's sixth floor, a tiny gym and sauna open to a sprawling outdoor terrace with panoramic downtown views. A reality-TV star in Quebec — they renovate and sells homes on the hit show “Flip a Fille” — Ms. Rivard often checks guests in themselves at Boxotel's tiny front desk, called “The Box Office.”
Location
With shabby residential buildings nearby, Boxotel's block can feel bleak. But its Ontario Street location, a five-minute stroll from buzzy Blvd. St-Laurent to the east and the Quartiers des Spectacles zone of cultural attractions just south, makes Boxotel an ideal home base.
Image A Loft King Luxe room at Boxotel. Credit Félix Rioux
The Room
All blond wood and white walls, my 390-square-foot Loft King Luxe room, the second-largest category, felt like a chic Montreal pied-à-terre. Meticulously fitted cabinetry hid sleek washer/dryer, dishwasher and refrigerator units from upscale German brand Blomberg; nooks held helpful basics like detergent and dishwashing liquid. The Montreal potter Benoit Daigle supplied the moss-green tableware. Scandinavian-inspired furniture, including a desk and love seat, added pops of color. Working in the room was challenging; the desk lamp was weak, and just two outlets faced the desk. My king bed was firm, and crisp sheets made falling asleep easy. But nonstop street noise punctuated my slumber. A deep-soaking bathtub between the bed and the sliding terrace doors went unused. Clamor aside, it was easy to imagine living in my “box” — as rooms are cheekily called — for an extended stay.
The Bathroom
The gray-paneled bathroom made me glad to be traveling solo; just a clear pane of glass separates the toilet from the shower. A simple button operates the enormous rain shower head, but kept popping off the wall. A backlit makeup mirror suspended above the compact sink adds a thoughtful touch. Ms. Rivard worked with the Montreal skin-care company Cocooning Love to create aroma-infused bath amenities like hô wood shower gel and lemon-cypress shampoo.
Dining
Montreal's beards-and-tattoos set has already made Boxotel's tiny Café Nomade a favored hangout. A counter with a compact kitchen, the cafe makes picture-perfect cold dishes like yogurt with fresh fruit, chia seeds and local honey ($6.95), and elegantly piled-up sandwiches like the Quebecois ($8) — creamy chicken salad, lettuce and pickles on sourdough. (The menu changes often.) Dense breads and pillowy croissants come from Montreal bakery Arhoma; Café Williams of Sherbrooke, Quebec, supplies beans for superb coffee drinks. From 7 a.m. to 11 p.m., guests can order room service; my Turkish breakfast ($8) and strong brewed coffee ($2) came in about 20 minutes, cheerfully delivered by Café Nomade's barista and food preparer. A wooden block carried four nutty raisin-bread halves alongside tiny cups of almond butter, honey, and olives, mixed nuts and dates. It was filling and fortifying.
Amenities
Aside from the top-end appliances and kitchen accouterments, amenities are basic: High-speed internet, high-definition TV and a yoga mat rolled up in the entry closet of your “box.” Most rooms have terraces, which make perfect coffee-sipping spots in warm weather. Staffing here is lean, with just three or four T-shirted staffers typically on duty, but they're courteous and responsive.
Image The Boxotel terrace. Credit Madeleine-Elyse Boucher
The Bottom Line
Even in hotel-saturated Montreal, Boxotel feels fresh. The lack of traditional hotel-style pampering, and a very low staff-to-guest ratio, means the property is best suited to independent travelers. But it's a terrific way to experience downtown Montreal like a local.
Boxotel, 175 Rue Ontario Est, Montreal; boxotel.com.
Order Reprints | Today's Paper | Subscribe A version of this article appears in print on , on Page TR 3 of the New York edition with the headline: Sleek, Stylish and Spacious
Get the Travel Dispatch Newsletter Every Saturday, get travel tips, destination coverage, photos from all over the world and more. SEE SAMPLE Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. * Required field You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times products and services. * Required field Thank you for subscribing. View all New York Times newsletters. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters. Sign Up
Sunderland University is to have its own medical school.
The Department of Health and Social Care announced today that the first cohort of students will join the university in September next year.
Chiefs say 100 doctors will be trained at the facility.
Sunderland is one of only five new medical schools, established to address the regional imbalance of medical education places across England and to widen access to ensure the profession reflects the communities it serves.
Focusing on GP and psychiatric training, bosses say the new programme will complement existing medical provision in the North East and add to the diversity of medical schools in the UK.
University vice chancellor Shirley Atkinson said: “Our bid presented a compelling case for an innovative medical school for those with talent and who present the requisite medical school entry requirements, regardless of their background and social status.
“We will provide accessible medical education training for a new generation of doctors, recruited from the communities in which they live and where they will eventually practice.”
“Our bid was backed unreservedly by our NHS partners and clinicians and we are also working closely with the city council to provide an environment and a range of new amenities to retain young doctors in the region to halt the disappointing drift south of many newly-qualified medics.”
Ken Bremner, chief executive of City Hospitals Sunderland NHS Foundation Trust, added: “This development will build upon Sunderland's proven success in medical sciences and nursing education and will help address the medical inequalities in the North East.”
Ian Cumming, chief executive health Education England and chairperson of the assessment panel, said: “This is great news for patients in Sunderland. Studies show that doctors tend to stay in the areas where they train, so it means more doctors for the region to deliver high-quality care.
“The extra training places demonstrate a real commitment to making sure that we have the number of doctors we need for the NHS in the future.
“The 100 places for Sunderland are part of a major expansion of 25% additional medical students.
“This has allowed both the creation of many new medical schools and an expansion of student numbers in existing medical schools.”
2017 is a year for sowing prophetic seed. ( Flickr )
Writing a book is like having a baby and, well, I'm "expecting" again and plan to deliver my second book this coming fall.
For that reason, I recently went on a personal writer's retreat following a conference in Raleigh, North Carolina. The first night of my retreat caught me off guard when I had a powerful vision of Jesus. It was one those unexpected, came-out-of-nowhere type visions.
I saw Jesus facedown on the floor in full-throttle intercession to our heavenly Father for us. I couldn't understand what They were praying, but the moment and the atmosphere were astonishingly sweet. It made the Scripture that says They always live to make intercession for us come alive (see Heb. 7:25). Only what was They praying for?
The next day, as I was writing, writing, writing, I found my focus somewhat distracted by the thoughts and visions of my head. Although some of this had been forming for a few weeks, it was on this day that I felt the anointing on it. Here it is:
"2017 is a Year to See, Seed and Prophesy into the Next 100 Years."
A Promise Fulfilled
I've waited in anticipation for 2017 for over a decade. It began when a prophet said to me in 2007 that I would become a household name within 10 years. Wow. What a word! Although I'm not yet a household name, a Seer did see something afar off namely that I would come forward and be speaking to many of you today. It also focused my eyes on the year 2017 as being a year that's the end of a thing and the beginning of a great thing.
Not long after this prophetic word in 2007, I discovered that my church, Harvest Christian Center in Turlock, California, had been incorporated in 1917 having emerged following an evangelistic visit in Turlock by Aimee Semple McPherson. We will celebrate our 100-year anniversary this 2017, the finishing and completion of a successful century in God, but also a time to see, seed and prophesy into the next century.
God often speaks through divine coincidences confirming Their word through two or three witnesses (Matt. 18:16). When something seems to be playing on repeat, it is usually the Holy Spirit making a point. And so here it is again, 2017 being a year to end something and a year to begin something.
In addition, I already have the strangest relationship with the number 17. This number somewhat morphs and shifts in meaning depending on the season, but it's always appearing and speaking to me like an oracle.
While in Raleigh, for example, my hotel room number was 317, my Wi-Fi code was 1117 and my rental car tag was 1017. And then when I picked up my luggage from the flight back to California, I picked it up at carousel number 17. In addition, I had already been prompted to prophesy to the Raleigh conference host about this number, that it was their promise of victory for land acquisition.
That word being based out Jer. 32:9-15 when Jeremiah purchased land for 17 shekels as a prophetic act thus declaring the captives would return to Israel and own houses and lands again. This was again another confirmation. It's all eyes on 17, specifically 2017 being a completion year and a seed year.
Only the Pure of Heart Can See
advertisement
I felt prompted by the Holy Spirit to pray this prayer for myself about six months ago. I began to ask the Lord to create in me a clean heart and to remove any secret faults in my life (Ps. 51:10; Ps. 19:12). Out of this prayer, came a powerful revelation on the Spirit of Leviathan, the King of Pride (Job 41) and a redirect in my life to go low and let the Lord answer my enemies for me.
I do believe there is a time to confront things and take up a cause when needed, but for this season, specifically the election season, I was being given a different strategy. It became not only a message to me, but a message to my church and to others.
I was also learning firsthand that being quick to repent for yourself and for the sins of others, thus "going low," was a war move and an intense spiritual strategy from the Holy Spirit to bring conviction and deliverance.
Stephen the martyr, for example, insisted on forgiveness for their killers, including Saul, which I believe paved the way for confrontation and conviction of sin in Saul's life (Acts 7 & 9) To my surprise, the first message I preached on pride resulted in an unexpected demand for ministry. That very week, our prayer chapel was packed out with men and women wanting to repent of pride and be free of it once and for all.
Through this, God was leading me into some fresh understanding. They said, "Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God (Matt. 5:8). "In other words, the pure in heart can see what God is doing, and they can see afar off. If we want to see a vision for the next 100 years, we will have to first cleanse our hearts with the help of the Holy Spirit.  They are dealing with the pride in our hearts. It's a problem and it's in Their way.  They are also dealing with any dark parts in our soul so that we can see clearly. Are you ready to see and see afar off? If so, put yourself under the dealing of the Holy Spirit and allow Him to build a clean heart inside of you (John 17:17).
What About the Return of Christ?
Finally, my first presumption and communication about seeing a vision for the next 100 years was that Jesus must not be returning quite yet. Just so you know, I'm a believer in the Book of Revelation and cringe when I hear people dismissing it or pretending it doesn't say what it says. I did realize my presumption and then asked the Holy Spirit for more clarity. What came to my heart was this, "Where there is no vision, the people perish (Prov. 29:18a)" and, "Nevertheless, when the Son of Man comes, will They find faith on the earth?"(Luke 18:8b).
In other words, we must proceed in faith, planning, believing and positioning ourselves for greater measures, greater works and greater glory to come in the next 100 years. This is a word to our personal legacy, our families and for our nation. If we don't, we are guaranteed destruction. Nevertheless, our Heavenly Father is the only One who knows when it's time for Jesus to return (Matt. 24:26). Jesus will interrupt Their plans, should our Father declare, "It's time."
See, Seed and Prophesy
Vision requires provision, and provision always begins with a seed (2 Cor. 9:6-13). That's why 2017 is a seed year. It's a year to be intentional. Just like Jeremiah purchased land for 17 shekels and prophesied to Israel's future, now it's your turn to sow. It's your turn to sow and prophesy to the seed being planted for the next 100 years of your family and the future of your nation.
You might be asking yourself, "Where and how do I sow?" Sow however the Holy Spirit directs you, knowing that God's holy angels are on the look-out for these prophetic seeds and prophetic declarations. Your prophetic act and declaration will put them on assignment for decades to come (Ps. 103:20).
Jennifer Eivaz is a vibrant minister and international conference speaker who carries the wisdom and fire of the Holy Spirit. They presently serve as an executive pastor with Harvest Christian Center in Turlock, California, and is focused on raising up a passionate and effective prayer community that is tempered with love and hears the voice of God accurately. Jennifer loves the presence of God and is a prophetic voice to their church and to others. Them teaching style is authentic and aimed at the heart, having been built on their personal testimony of God's incredible goodness and miraculous display in their life and in the life of their church.  They are married to HCC Senior Pastor Ron Eivaz, and they have two wonderful children. She's a featured writer for several online publications including the Elijah List and Charisma magazine. She's also written a book titled The Intercessor's Handbook.
For the original article, visit jennifereivazblog.com.
3 Reasons Why you should read Life in the Spirit. 1) Get to know the Holy Spirit. 2) Learn to enter God's presence 3) Hear God's voice clearly! Go deeper!
Has God called you to be a leader? Ministry Today magazine is the source that Christian leaders who want to serve with passion and purpose turn to. Subscribe now and receive a free leadership book.
-
See an error in this article? This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
It may be one of our region's great cultural and historical hubs, yet you need only visit the toilets to recognise Redhills' need for refurbishment.
Home to the Durham Miners' Association, this exquisite architectural landmark remains a vital location, offering aid to former miners as well as engaging in community work – most notably the annual Durham Miners' Gala.
Durham punk band Onsind were the support act for Richard Dawson at Redhills. Pic: Gary Welford.
With renovations required to keep 102-year-old hall alive and kicking, organisers have elected to open their doors to live music, with tonight's fundraiser the first in a series of events curated in collaboration with the team behind the city's popular DIY space the Empty Shop.
And what better way to kickstart the campaign than the with pride of today's North East scene; the unique, inimitable talent of Richard Dawson.
A cult figure in local circles for some years, the buzz surrounding the Newcastle songwriter is now spreading nationwide and beyond, with last year's extraordinary LP Peasant raising their star with a clutch of influential Album of the Year accolades.
First up, though, we were treated to a set from Durham's own Onsind; a politically charged punk duo consisting of Pity Me residents Nathan Griffin and Daniel Ellis.
Daniel Ellis of Onsind performing at the Durham Miners' Hall. Pic: Gary Welford.
The pair have been making waves in recent years as members of Martha, but this acoustic side project is increasingly taking on a life of its own, encouraging activism and socialist sentiment among a largely youthful audience.
With the crowd sat in semi-circular pews and ornate banners draped from the hall walls this was far from their average gig venue, yet their presence could hardly have felt more appropriate.
The self-explanatory Never Trust A Tory was always going to go down well, but for me the high point was Loyalty Festers, a cut from recent album We Wilt, We Bloom exploring the roots and grim realities which stoke nationalism.
By contrast, Richard Dawson's music has never been overtly political. Instead, their songs are often steeped in history, whether it's the immaculately realised dark ages concept which runs through Peasant or past work inspired by research at Tyne & Wear Archives and Museums.
Nathan Griffin of Onsind at the Durham Miners' Hall. Pic: Gary Welford.
Regardless of their setting, their lyrics nevertheless tend to centre on themes of hardship and toil, the subtext of which requires little elaboration.
More important on the live stage, however, is Dawson's jaw-dropping voice, an astonishing, visceral instrument capable of reaching absurd notes at scarcely fathomable volume, and one that's increasingly shorn of old imperfections.
Nowhere is its power clearer than the asupervisorstioned museum pieces, which as ever they perform a cappella. With the their audience spellbound and voice reverberating off the vast walls and ceiling, the mic in their hand was hardly necessary.
More recently Dawson has taken to performing with a band, with their voice and off-kilter guitar tonight backed with bass, percussion and a pair of additional vocalists.
Richard Dawson and their band performing at Redhills, the headquarters of the Durham Miners' Association. Pic: Gary Welford.
After months of practice, the quintet are now a beautifully-oiled machine for whom the blanket term “folk music” does little justice.
Ogre, for instance, is a startlingly original number that's joyous, thrilling and heart-rending all at once, while mini-masterpiece The Vile Stuff sets absurdist humour to a sinister procession bearing closer resemblance to avant-garde and doom metal than any traditional roots.
What Redhills fundraisers will entail remains to be seen, but tonight's combination of a unique, revered artist and stunning setting made for a truly memorable opening salvo.
The North Union Wildcats run onto the field to open a game at home. This week, the Cats will go on the road to take on Marion Harding as they try to climb above .500.
(Submitted photo)
––––
The North Union Wildcats are a football team that most folks would call streaky.
For the full story, Subscribe To Our E-edition.
Comments
comments
Ernest J. Dianastasis, of thePrecisionistsand formerCAIleader, is a pastHall of Famechairperson. They have worked to provide employment opportunities for those with disabilities.
Rob Siegfried ofThe Siegfried Groupis a former member of the Junior Achievement of Delaware board of directors. Siegfried has grown into a fast-growing, nationwide accounting and consulting firm.
The Delaware Business Leaders Hall of Fame was created in 1990 to honor influential Delaware area business leaders who epitomize the successful adult role models Junior Achievement provides for students every day.
Share this: Print
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Google
Have your say
Rafa Benitez says Kenedy and Islam Slimani could have longer-term futures at Newcastle United.
Kenedy and Slimani arrived on loan from Chelsea and Leicester City respectively in last month's transfer window.
The loan deals for the pair did not have options to buy.
However, United manager Benitez has an open mind about the future.
“In football, you never know,” said Benitez, who could hand Slimani their debut in Sunday's game against Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park.
“When you have a loan with an option, then you have an option and it's simple.
“But if you don't, then it doesn't matter.
“Players are moving around all the time, so it depends on how the player feels – if they feel comfortable then they will say ‘OK, I want to stay here'. Then we can start talking.
“The main thing, for me, is that these new players, they want to perform, they want to do well – even if they're on loan – and the others, they have to perform if they want to stay in the team.”
A number of Newcastle players, including Aleksandar Mitrovic, Henri Saivet and Rolando Aarons, were loaned out on transfer deadline day.
Mitrovic signed for Fulham, while Saivet joined Sivasspor and Aarons moved to Hellas Verona.
“We have a situation where players were not playing,” said Benitez.
“Saivet, for example, was only playing against West Ham and the other day (against Chelsea last weekend).
“I was happy with him, but they had an opportunity. They have to play.
“You cannot keep a player when they aren't playing if they have the World Cup (to aim for) and they need to play to stay there.
“Rolando Aarons, a young player who was not playing (was also not playing).
“Now I have brought in Kenedy. Rolando was not a problem for Ritchie, Atsu or Murphy – now you have Kenedy, so everybody has to think ‘wake up'.
“Then they're on their toes and are ready.”
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — The moon is putting on a rare cosmic show Wednesday.
It's the first time in 35 years a blue moon has synced up with a supermoon and a total lunar eclipse.
Hawaii and Alaska have the best seats, along with the Canadian Yukon, Australia and Asia. The western U.S. should have good viewing, too, along with Russia. The U.S. East Coast, Europe and most of South America and Africa are out of luck for the eclipse.
The second full moon in a calendar month is a blue moon. This one also happens to be an especially close and bright moon, or supermoon. Add a total eclipse, known as a blood moon for its red tint, and it's a lunar showstopper.
NASA is calling it a lunar trifecta: the first super blue blood moon since 1982. That combination won't happen again until 2037.
The space agency plans to provide a live stream of the moon from ground telescopes, throughout the eclipse.
A lunar eclipse occurs when the sun, Earth and moon line up perfectly, casting Earth's shadow on the moon.
Scientists are keen to study the sharp, sudden drop in temperature at the lunar surface, as Earth's shadow blankets the moon. During the more than one hour of totality, the temperature will plunge 100 degrees Fahrenheit (38 Celsius), said lunar scientist Noah Petro of Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland. He's deputy project scientist for NASA's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter, circling the moon since 2009. Their team is taking special precautions to keep the spacecraft warm during the eclipse.
Perhaps just as important, Petro and others are hoping the big event gets more people looking up — not just Wednesday, but every day.
For the trivia crowd, the moon will be 223,820 miles (360,200 kilometers) away at the peak of the eclipse, close enough for supermoon status.
___
Online:
NASA: https://eclipse.gsfc.nasa.gov/lunar.html.
The Golden Horseshoe Ride for Dad is taking place this June and we learned more about the event, which raises awareness and funds for prostate cancer, from one of the co-chairs, Jim Summers.
Follow-on Facebook
Martin Chestine, 98, of Rock Springs, Wyoming, passed away on Friday, April 14, 2017 at their home. A longtime resident of Rock Springs and former resident of California, Mr. Chestine had been in ill health for the past six months.
They were born on January 14, 1919 in Shady Point, Oklahoma, the son of Cecil and Rose Davis Chestine.
Mr Chestine attended schools in Oklahoma.
They married Edith M. Umbanhowar in Manila, Utah in October of 1940 and they preceded them in death on September 19, 2012.
Mr. Chestine was a United States Army Veteran of World War II and was honorably discharged in 1946. While serving in the Army, they were a Military Policeman
They were employed by Union Pacific Coal Company as a coal miner , and later at Quealey Coal. They also worked in the maintenance department of School District #1.
Mr. Chestine was a seventy-year member of United Mine Workers of America.
Their interests included hunting, fishing, gardening and arrowhead hunting. They loved the outdoors.
Their hobby was working with Wyoming Jade, in crafting hunting knives and jewelry.
Survivors include one daughter Sharon “Judy” Mattinson and companion Walt Pivik of Rock Springs, Wyoming; two grandchildren Dennis Scott Mattinson and wife Suzy, Donovan Martin Mattinson and wife Robyn; four great-grandchildren Maggie Mattinson, Sophie Mattinson, Darby Mattinson and Kai Mattinson; one “adopted” son Joe Dolenc and wife Denise of Rock Springs; two “adopted” grandchildren Laura Garrett and Joseph Dolenc; several nieces and nephews.
They were preceded in death by their parents, wife Edith, son-in-law Dennis Mattinson; great-grandson Britt Mattinson; three brothers and three sisters.
Funeral Services will be conducted at 1:00 P.M. Friday, April 21, 2017 at the Vase Funeral Chapel, 154 Elk Street, Rock Springs, Wyoming. Interment will be in the Rock Springs Municipal Cemetery. Friends may call on Friday, one hour prior to services.
Walk around the real world to "fly" a drone and collect dinosaur DNA from the terrible, augmented reality thunder-lizards that've infested your neighborhood (think: capturing a creature in Go); create your own hybrid creatures; battle your dino "strike team" against other players and, well, probably drain your smartphone's battery very quickly in the process.
It should be incredibly familiar if you're used to scouting for eevee and squirtle in the real world. The game's cheerful interface should help bridge the gap between the two titles as well. You probably won't ever mistake a velociraptor for a vulpix while playing, though.
The game is free on Android and iOS and out right now. If you're more interested in building and managing a park of your own, there's Jurassic World: Evolution, which is coming to consoles and PC on June 12th. The reason for the prehistoric season, Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom, debuts at your local multiplex June 22nd.
A fixture of the London landscape and soundscape, Big Ben, is falling silent for four years. The bell will cease its regular tolling while extensive repairs are made to the famous clock tower that looms over the Palace of Westminster, the home of the British Parliament.
The massive bell will mark the hour for the last time at noon on Aug. 21 and then pause for four years while the Elizabeth Tower, which houses the Great Clock and the Great Bell, aka Big Ben, is restored. A larger restoration of the Parliament buildings is likely to begin in the early 2020s, according to a Parliament website.
Quieting Big Ben's mighty bongs will help preserve the hearing of workers involved in the project.
The keeper of the Great Clock, Steve Jaggs, said in a statement that the pause "is a significant milestone in this crucial conservation project." If you're in London next Monday you may want to accept Jaggs' invitation to gather in Parliament Square "to hear Big Ben's final bongs until they return in 2021." However, Big Ben will still bong for important national events such as New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday.
The Great Bell has chimed nearly every hour for the past 157 years. It has had previous breaks in service for maintenance and conservation in 2007, in 1983-1985 and in 1976. The 13.7-ton bell, which was forged in the 1850s, is accompanied by smaller chimes that ring out each quarter hour.
The Great Clock has a Victorian-era clockwork mechanism that triggers the bell and chimes. That mechanism and the clock's four faces will also get refurbished, which will require the faces to be covered.
To make sure Londoners don't get completely disoriented and lose track of the correct time, Jaggs says at least one clock face will remain visible. It will keep time with the aid of a modern electric motor, while the Victorian mechanism is being repaired.
× 1 of 2 Expand Photo courtesy of the Hoover Historical Society. The Hoover Police Department had nine officers in 1972, led by Chief Oscar Davis, seated in the middle. × 2 of 2 Expand Photo courtesy of the Hoover Historical Society. This 1944 Mack pumper was Hoover's first fire truck and was housed in a shed attached to the back of the Employers Insurance Company of Alabama location. Prev Next
Public safety has always been a priority for Hoover.
The Fire Department formed in 1962 — five years before the city incorporated — after several new homes in Green Valley were threatened by brush fires, according to a history of the department written by Hoover Mayor Frank Brocato, who spent 42 years with the department.
But both the fire and police departments look much different today than in the early years.
The Fire Department had just three calls in its first year, handled with a 1944 Mack pumper truck housed in a small tin building behind William Hoover Sr.'s Employers Insurance Company of Alabama off U.S. 31.
That compares with 10,212 calls in 2016, handled by a fleet of about 20 vehicles spread out at 10 fire stations over 50 square miles from Ross Bridge to Greystone.
The first permanent fire station was built in 1965 behind Employers Insurance for about $6,000. In 1968, under Chief Ralph Sheppard, the department bought its first new fire engine and added full-time coverage by having Samford University students live at the station and respond to calls when not attending classes.
In the early 1970s, several full-time firefighters were hired, and Hoover joined Birmingham, Homewood and Vestavia Hills as the first cities in the state to provide paramedic coverage, according to city records.
Hoover's current fire chief, Chuck Wingate, joined the department in 1975 after Hoover began frequent annexations into the Bluff Park Fire District, where they previously served. They were the seventh full-time firefighter hired and, along with Brocato, one of the first medics.
“It was bare bones and poor equipment, to be honest with you,” Wingate said.
Until that time, the department was supported by dues and subsidized by the city, but in 1976, the city took over full-time operation and hired the first full-time chief.
Tom Bradley, a retired Birmingham fire captain, led the department 33 years.
Thanks to their leadership and support of elected officials, the department made tremendous advancements in service, equipment, training and pay, Wingate said.
Keeping up with the city's growth has been a challenge, but the department has grown to include 172 full-time firefighters and 15 part-time employees, Wingate said. Almost all the firefighters are paramedics, and 66 percent of calls are medical.
Aggressive police reputation
The Police Department also has seen tremendous changes.
The city's first police officer and chief, retired Birmingham police detective James Norrell, didn't stay long. They retired in March 1968 and was followed by Oscar Davis, who was chief for eight years.
At first, the Police Department operated from a small office at Fire Station No. 1, and the bathroom served as a temporary jail until inmates could be taken to Vestavia Hills.
The department moved to a new 6,000-square-foot city hall along U.S. 31 in the early 1970s. Davis retired in 1976 and was replaced by David Cummings in 1977. Cummings served 21 years at the helm.
Derzis said when they joined the force in 1979, police had just a small chief's office, detective office and two jail cells. When the current Municipal Center was built in 1985, the Police Department moved into 15,500 square feet on the first floor, including nine jail cells.
With annexations and the opening of the Riverchase Galleria, Hoover Metropolitan Stadium and Interstates 65 and 459 during the 1980s, the Police Department grew quickly, doubling from 33 officers to 68 between 1984 and 1988.
More annexations and home building followed in the 1990s. Due to manpower shortages, many officers doubled their salaries working extra shifts with overtime pay.
As city revenues grew, the department caught up and now employs 180 sworn officers (including 11 part-time school resource officers in elementary schools) and 65 civilian employees, Derzis said.
Bob Berry became chief in 1998, and police opened an operations center for the patrol and traffic divisions in an old movie theater on Lorna Road in 2000. Then in 2004, a new 72-bed jail opened as part of a new Hoover Public Safety Center off Valleydale Road. The jail later was expanded to 88 beds and houses federal inmates.
Derzis said when they were named chief in 2005, police started requiring new officers to have either a college degree or experience in law enforcement or the military.
Thanks to generous support from city leaders, Derzis said Hoover police have added a lot of equipment and specialty teams many departments don't have, including three helicopters shared with Jefferson County, a tactical team, dive team, canine unit, fingerprint database, body cameras and, soon, an armored rescue vehicle.
Hoover police have developed a reputation for being aggressive and solving crimes, with a 71 percent clearance rate for robberies last year, Derzis said. Even with roughly 90,000 residents and a daytime population of more than 200,000 people, Hoover had just 42 robberies in 2016, and nine of those were shoplifters struggling with someone.
The city frequently lands on lists of top U.S. cities in which to live, partly based on a low crime rate, Derzis said.
“Our people do a heck of a job,” they said.
What I haven't heard from either side, and which I find dismaying, is the acknowledgement and praise of the stellar work of the remarkable women who serve in the Office of the President at UND.
The event coordinator is one of these women. President Mark Kennedy chose not to name them in their letter, and I will respect their privacy and do the same.
But they deserve to be acknowledged and respected for their dedication to UND. There are few on campus who have given as much to this institution with little to no public recognition. If you have ever attended an official UND event that involved the administration or visiting dignitaries, you have seen them
Events on campus run smoothly not by luck, but by the hard work they put in before, during and after each event. The staff and faculty understand their worth very well.
A brief note about these "events": They are not simply fundraisers, welcome receptions or retirement receptions. They include visits by acclaimed authors, artists, scientists, and teachers; meetings of the state board; athletic events; alumni events; legislative forums; conferences; media interviews; and the list goes on.
To reduce the impressive multi-tasking that the event coordinator must do to just one of the more trivial duties in the job description is a disservice to their valuable work and presence at UND.
UND's official motto is Lux et Lex — Light and Law. The event coordinator is the embodiment of Lux, allowing students, staff and faculty to be more and achieve more by lighting the path for us. They deserve our praise, respect and profound thanks.
Michelle Bowles
Grand Forks
The writer is the institutional review board coordinator in the Division of Research and Economic Development at UND. The views they expresses are their own and are not meant to be a reflection of the views of the division or university.
The success came just over a year after JAXA's original experiment with an SS-520 rocket ended in failure. Crews decided against igniting the second stage when the vehicle lost all telemetry data a mere 20 seconds after takeoff. An investigation later determined that the likely cause was a poorly protected electrical connection, and the agency decided to try again this year with a fix in place.
There are no known plans to launch similar SS-520 missions in the near future, so this probably won't become a regular occurrence for a while. It does take Japan one step closer to regular mini satellite launches, however. And Japan isn't alone -- companies like Rocket Lab are making progress on their own small rockets powerful enough for orbital delivery. Large rockets aren't going away any time soon, but they might not be nearly as vital as they used to be.
ISIS militants in Raqqa are passing themselves off as civilians to try to avoid intensifying air strikes and shooting anyone caught trying to escape their Syrian bastion as U.S.-backed coalition forces close in, witnesses said.
At a camp for the displaced in the village of Ain Issa north of the city, people who arrived on Wednesday also said the air strikes supporting an assault by U.S.-backed forces had inflicted widespread destruction as the battle intensified.
United Nations war crimes investigators said the air campaign had killed at least 300 civilians in the city, captured by ISIS in 2014 in the chaos of Syria's civil war.
The escapees said the air strikes had flattened rows of apartment blocks along a main road but many of them had already been abandoned by residents fleeing ISIS's reign of terror and the assault on the town, which began last week.
"The coalition strikes destroyed a four-story apartment building. I saw 10 people trapped underneath," said Abu Hamoud. "They used phosphorus."
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close
Human Rights Watch expressed concern on Wednesday about the use of incendiary white phosphorous weapons by the U.S.-led coalition, saying it endangers civilians when used in populated areas.
The coalition is backing the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), a group of Kurdish and Arab militias who spent months moving to surround Raqqa in northern Syria in preparation for the assault to recapture the city.
Hassan Kirfou, said an airstrike hit the mosque where they work just a few hours after they closed it for the night, and two other mosques were hit.
“I saw three dead teenagers on top of each other outside the Nour mosque,” they said. “I don't know why they shot these areas. As far as I know there were only a few Daesh (ISIS) snipers left there.”
Much of the damage from air strikes was inflicted on Seif al-Dawla street, one of the main arteries of the town. “My uncle and two cousins were killed. Their house was destroyed,” Kirfou said.
The pressure on ISIS, which is on the brink of losing the other center of its self-proclaimed caliphate, the Iraqi city of Mosul, is taking a heavy toll on the group, people who arrived at Ain Issa in the last few days said.
“They have started using microphones to tell people: 'Don't go to the infidels, stay with Islam',” said Abdul Razak Crais, standing near rows of white tents as people lined up for food.
“They poured gasoline on the cars of anyone who tried to escape then lit a match and burned the vehicles. I saw them haul people out of their cars and shoot them with AK-47s."
The coalition estimates that 3,000-4,000 ISIS fighters are holed up in Raqqa, the administrative headquarters of ISIS, which has claimed responsibility for multiple attacks on civilians across the globe.
Residents who fled say the militants have been laying landmines on streets, booby trapping houses and digging tunnels in preparation for battle.
“They take over people's houses and create big holes in their walls so they can move back and forth during fighting,” said Thaier Ibrahim.
Others at the camp said militants were hiding weapons and riding cars with civilians to avoid air strikes.
Paulo Pinheiro, chairperson of a U.N. Commission of Inquiry, said civilians were now extremely vulnerable: "As the operation is gaining pace very rapidly, civilians are caught up in the city under the oppressive rule of ISIL, while facing extreme danger associated with movement due to excessive air strikes."
About 10,000 civilians have fled to the SDF-run Ain Issa camp about 60 km (40 miles) north of Raqqa with hundreds more arriving each day, Medecins Sans Frontieres has said.
Conditions have deteriorated because of the grueling summer heat. But people like Mohamed Nahaf took the risk of getting shot to escape ISIS and a battle for the city that could take months.
“They cut off all roads. We had to pay a smuggler $200 to get us out,” they said.
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the “activate now” button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
Morecambe prepares for back-to-back away trips with manager Jim Bentley challenging Vadaine Oliver to build upon their man-of-the-match performance against Coventry City.
The striker could, quite conceivably, have had a first-half hat-trick last Saturday as the Shrimps posted a 2-0 win at the Globe Arena.
One effort was cleared off the line, a one-on-one opportunity was thwarted by City keeper Lee Burge, who also kept out a header from the centre-forward.
They are, however, powerless to prevent Oliver from opening the scoring nine minutes before half-time.
It was only the 26-year-old's third goal of the season and, as the Shrimps head to Barnet on Saturday, Bentley is targeting an improved return in front of goal.
“Vadaine needed the goal,” the manager said.
“He's been unlucky but there's been poor finishing and ‘keepers have pulled off good saves.
“At Forest Green, for example, they hit the post and, on another day, that goes in and gives you a spring in the step.
“He had another couple of opportunities against Coventry, particularly when they went through one-on-one and might have taken it around the keeper instead of shooting.
“He got their goal but I thought their all-round play was good; they were strong in the air, got hold of it and, in the 93rd minute, he's chasing down the full-back and getting blocks in.
“The crowd here want people who are going to compete, even if they aren't playing at their best.”
The win came despite a less than perfect build-up which saw Bentley have to change their team and formation at the shortest of notice.
A pre-match injury to Alex Kenyon saw them withdrawn and the Shrimps camp tear up their planned back three in which Kenyon would have partnered Steve Old and Max Muller.
Oliver would have been joined in a front two by Adam McGurk but, instead, Garry Thompson was hastily restored to the starting XI.
It meant a back three became a back four, two up front became one as Oliver was the lone striker with Thompson and McGurk out wide.
“Kenyon got a back spasm while they were putting a sock on in the changing room,” Bentley said.
“Sometimes you wonder what you are going to do and it's all hands to the pump.
“You try and go like for like but we didn't have a centre-half on the bench; we could have put Luke Conlan or Mitchell Lund in there but we thought we'd go for it instead.”
Kenyon is, however, expected to be available for Saturday's trip to Barnet, as is Kevin Ellison, while Sam Lavelle can also be called upon after suspension.
By Problem Masau
Superstar Oliver Mtukudzi is still queuing with members of the public at International Airports despite Zimbabwe Tourism Authority announcing that they were the country's tourism ambassador and will get a diplomatic passport seven years ago.
Zimbabwe Tourism Authority announced that the iconic musician would get a diplomatic passport but seven years down the line nothing has been done.
In 2011, ZTA Chief Executive Karikoga Kaseke used the Indaba International Travel and Tourism Exposition in Durban, South Africa, to announce that Mtukudzi had been made Zimbabwe's tourism ambassador.
Three years later former Minister of Tourism and Hospitality Walter Mzembi said they were going to lobby the cabinet to give the superstar the diplomatic passport they deserve.
“I am disappointed that Mtukudzi has not yet received their diplomatic passport.  They are our cultural beacon and I think it is high time I raise the issue in the cabinet.
Mtukudzi is our cultural ambassador,” Mzembi said then. It appears Tuku may have been sold a dummy, as it is nearing a decade of waiting.
While the Tuku camp has remained tight lipped on passport with Tuku Board chairperson Tungamidzai Simango saying they have no information on the issue, a close source said the superstar is yet to get the coveted passport.
“Nothing has materialised as yet, hope the new dispensation will facilitate the passport that befits the musician,” said the source.
With more than 50 albums to their credit, Tuku started their music career in the early 1970s as a member of the Wagon Wheels Band.
Later, they started the Black Spirits which they front.With the Black Spirits, Tuku has released over 30 full-length albums and several compilations. With their husky voice, they have become the most recognised voice internationally. The Herald
× Expand Photo courtesy of Let's Play Party. Lets Play Birmingham An interior view of Let's Play Birmingham on U.S. 280, one of the indoor soft-play centers for children birth to age 12, operated by Let's Play Party of Birmingham. In April 2018, the company opened a new facility at The Grove shopping mall in Hoover.
Parents and young children in Hoover now have another option for fun, safe play.
Let's Play Party opened a new facility in The Grove shopping center in April.
An indoor soft-play center for children ages 0-12, Let's Play promotes exercise and physical activity in a secure environment, according to the company's website.
If you're a parent concerned that your child is spending too much time on their smartphone, Let's Play Director of Operations Jed Bohman said the new Let's Play Hoover can help.
“We feel in this day and age, there is a lot less physical activity, and it's our goal to bring that back,” they said.
“And there's the social aspect for smaller children,” Bohman said. “Being a father myself, it is incredibly important to for kids to interact with other kids.”
Let's Play also has a facility on U.S. 280, which owner Sonal Patni opened in 2015 and is being remodeled. There's a Huntsville location, too.
The Hoover facility will have some features not found at Let's Play Birmingham, including a Wild West-themed soft-play structure, a “kiddie island” and the Big Air Jump airbag, according to company management.
The equipment at Let's Play is designed to promote activities ― including sliding, crawling, balancing and swinging ― that a developing child needs to exercise different muscles and maintain flexibility and agility, according to the company's website.
Let's Play isn't a unique idea, Bohman said, citing chains going back decades such as Chuck E. Cheese's and Discovery Zone. But Bohman said Let's Play is different in that it offers parents and kids quality play, nice amenities and the chance for “interaction and family time.”
“The concept is that adults can come,” they said. “Some of these other places are just straight kids.”
“Parents are welcome on most play structures to assist their children,” they said.
Unlike many other facilities, Let's Play uses a child's height or weight ― not age ― as the main factor in determining which play structures the child can use.
“Every child is different,” Bohman said. “Some grow up faster than others. Some walk sooner than others. It is impossible to restrict kids just from age alone.”
Bohman said Let's Play understands that security is important to parents.
“No child gets out without the same adult they came in with,” they said. “This puts the parents' minds at ease. No one can run off with your child.”
Let's Play provides a gated entry/exit system, as well as plenty of seating and good sight lines for parents, according to the website.
This is one of those things that's been on the Internet for a while and for whatever reason is only now making its way to my eyeballs. But now that I've seen it, I can't look away.
When you watch, you'll likely see a reflection of yourself in it. You're either free and easy, dancing like nobody's watching, or you're the bird on the left, arms folded in a corner of the party hoping everyone leaves you alone.
So which cockatoo are you? The not-feeling-it bird on the left, or the'm-all-in bird on the right?
The counter missed a plate. They are now saying 74 is official for Chestnut, which is the all-time record. A shame it came in this way. — Darren Rovell (@darrenrovell) July 4, 2018
Nutrition Data on Joey Chestnut's record 74 hot dogs and buns in 10 minutes. pic.twitter.com/vsuhaHH0ah — Darren Rovell (@darrenrovell) July 4, 2018
JOEY CHESTNUT HAS DONE IT AGAIN! pic.twitter.com/YcEgw5VGo8 — ESPN (@espn) July 4, 2018
10 minutes + 37 hot dogs = 5th title for @OMGitsMIKI 🏆🌭 pic.twitter.com/MGGeeYUHW9 — ESPN (@espn) July 4, 2018
Joey "Jaws" Chestnut has scored their 11th Nathan's Famous Hot Dog Eating Contest win by swallowing 74 hot dogs in 10 minutes, which is an all-time record.It was originally reported that the San Jose native gobbled 64 hot dogs. But it appears as though a counter missed a plate.In case you're wondering, in eating 74 hot dogs, Chestnut chowed down on 22,200 calories.The 216 pound eating machine says they cut off solid foods on Tuesday to prepare for the contest.Last month, at Vallejo's Six Flags Discovery Kingdom, Chestnut almost broke their own eating record. They ate 72 hot dogs in 10 minutes, just short of their record of 73-and-a-half.For the fifth year in a row, Las Vegas super eater Miki Sudo took top prize at the Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest, downing 37 franks and buns in 10 minutes amid stifling humidity at the annual seaside competition.Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs they consumed last year but still beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.Sudo, 32, was a fan favorite, drawing big cheers from the crowd during their performance, which was slightly delayed after they requested new water to soak their buns.George Shea, the longtime host of the annual Brooklyn eat-off, quipped that Sudo was particular about the temperature and amount of water they use while competing.Thousands of attendees, many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps, braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk. The outlandish tradition dates to 1972, though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916.Fan Martha Pleasant, 41, of Franklin, New Jersey, said they were attending the competitive eating competition to support their husband Dwight, who "loves wieners.""We are trying to knock something off my hubby's bucket list," they said.
BERLIN (AP) — German Chancellor Angela Merkel is rejecting suggestions that an agreement to set up "transit centers" on the border with Austria, from which some asylum-seekers would be returned to other European countries, marks a turnaround in their migration policy.
The agreement among Merkel's conservative bloc hinges on other countries taking back migrants they've previously registered, as well on as the chancellor's center-left coalition partners. Merkel said people would be kept in the new centers for 48 hours at most.
Merkel refused to close Germany's borders as the migrant influx peaked in 2015 but has since significantly toughened their stance. They backed a wider but later-aborted proposal for border facilities over two years ago.
Asked by ARD television Wednesday whether they have now become a "sealing-off chancellor," Merkel replied: "No. A clear no."
LARAMIE, Wyo. (May 30, 2018) – University of Wyoming guard Justin James will return to the Cowboys for their senior season. James filed the paperwork to withdraw their name from the NBA Draft Wednesday, and will now prepare for their final collegiate season.
“I'm extremely excited to announce I will be returning to Wyoming for my senior season,” James said. “I'm very grateful for the opportunities and feedback I have received from NBA executives over the last month. But now I will focus on leading the Brown and Gold in competing for a Mountain West Championship in my final season.”
Advertisement
James announced they were declaring for the NBA Draft on March 26, without signing with an agent. They participated in private workouts with numerous NBA franchises before deciding to return to Wyoming.
“I received some very promising feedback from around the NBA,” James said. “I will continue to grow my game here in Laramie and put myself in position to live my dream and play at the next level following one more season playing for the Cowboys.”
