FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WANE) – It's a Fort Wayne tradition dating back decades, but no one knows how long it's actually been around.
The annual polar plunge at Johnny Appleseed Park welcomed hundreds of participants and spectators to the banks of the Saint Joseph River.
Jan. 1 has long been celebrated at the river as a chance to wipe away the old year and welcome in the new.
Some have done the plunge for more than 40 years and some try it as a child. Some dress up in funny costumes and some just dress in the minimum.
Sunday's water temperature was pegged at 37 degrees.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Constable charged after overturning new police pickup at De Hoop
A police officer who was reportedly driving a police pickup when it crashed last week was yesterday placed on $40,000 bail.
The incident occurred on May 22, 2018 on the De Hoop Public Road, Mahaica, East Coast Demerara, resulting in extensive damage to the vehicle, PWW 5411.
According to the police, Constable Wellon Carr, 26, of Bee Hive, East Coast Demerara, was slapped with a dangerous driving charge.
The constable, who is stationed at Mahaica Police Station, appeared before Magistrate Wanda Fortune at the nearby Mahaica Magistrate's Court and pleaded not guilty.
The case has been postponed to June 22 for trial.
Following the accident last week, Police Commissioner (ag), David Ramnarine, ordered a “thorough investigation” which involved one of the new Chinese pickups that was donated late last year.
According to a police statement, the crash occurred about 08:15hrs, on the De Hoop Public Road.
The statement confirmed that the Foton Tunland Pickup, was part of the Chinese grant last year, that also included ATVs, motorcycles and buses.
The police force said that the vehicle was driven by a constable under the command of a Corporal. They were proceeding west along the southern side of the road when the driver reportedly swerved further south from a cow.
In the process, they allegedly lost control and the vehicle careened off the road and came to a halt after it collided with a house and turned turtle.
“The two ranks along with another who was in the back seat, received minor injuries. They were taken to the Mahaicony Cottage Hospital where they were treated and sent away.
No one was in the house at the time of the incident,” the police said.
Image copyright iStock Image caption Ponies found in Pembrokeshire struggled to stand and walk because of overgrown hooves
A man bludgeoned a cat to death while another couple whipped and kicked a pony in some of the "horrific" animal cruelty cases which have led to a four-year high in prosecutions in 2017.
RSPCA Cymru said the levels of cruelty and neglect were "extremely shocking and deeply saddening".
Over the year, 148 convictions were recorded compared to 116 in 2014.
The charity's inspectors investigated a total of 10,176 complaints of cruelty across Wales last year.
The convictions involved 67 defendants, while a further 52 offenders were cautioned.
In one case in Pembrokeshire, a St Davids man who failed to care for five ponies was given a suspended 18-week jail sentence and a 200-hour community service order after letting their hooves grow so long the animals could barely stand.
An inspector said it was the worst case of overgrown hooves they had seen in 18 years.
Image copyright RSPCA
RSPCA inspector Nic De Celis said: "What we were confronted with was five ponies with such overgrown and deformed hooves that two of them were reluctant to even stand, let alone walk.
"It was revealed in court it had been 10 months since the ponies were seen by a farrier."
The man was banned from keeping horses for five years.
A large number of cases concerned horses, with 17 prosecutions and 1,331 calls relating to 4,616 horses and ponies.
The RSPCA said cases relating to horses were a "crisis" which showed no sign of abating.
'Heinous crime'
Dylan Edwards, from Llanrwst in Conwy county, admitted causing suffering to a cat after putting it in a bag and killing it by hitting it with a piece of wood.
At their trial, Llandudno Magistrates' Court heard the feral cat had defecated in the Royal Oak hotel kitchen in Betws-y-Coed, Gwynedd, where Edwards worked.
They had wrongly believed the cat was not a protected animal because it was feral but inspector Phil Lewis said: "To bludgeon a cat to death in this way is a heinous crime, and it is no surprise there was such widespread condemnation to this act."
A man and a woman from Llanelli were banned from keeping animals for eight years after the woman was shown whipping the pony on a video posted on social media, while the man held it and kicked it.
They received a three-month suspended sentence and they received a four-month suspended sentence while both had to carry out 120 hours of community service.
Image copyright RSPCA Image caption These basset hounds were found in an emaciated state
RSPCA superintendant Martyn Hubbard said: "It is extremely shocking and deeply saddening to see this level of horrific cruelty across Wales.
"Last year we dealt with several distressing cases that involved video evidence, that had been shared via social media.
"Convictions were successfully secured in cases where, for example, a video showed three men launching a rat out of a pipe like a cannonball, while another video showed a pony being brutally whipped and kicked.
"This evidence, understandably, causes great distress and public outcry."
Follow @insidefutbol
Barcelona is in talks with a club from the Premier League and La Liga over defender Yerry Mina, who has been linked with Liverpool.
Mina stood out at the World Cup for Colombia, who exited on penalties against England on Tuesday evening, but their future at Barcelona has not been affected by their displays in Russia.
Despite only having joined the Blaugrana in the January transfer window, Barcelona wants to offload Mina this summer.
A loan has been mooted, though a permanent transfer is also a possibility and, according to Italian outlet Tutto Mercato, a club from the Premier League and La Liga are in talks to sign him.
Jurgen Klopp's Liverpool have been linked with Mina already this summer, while Real Betis hold an interest in Spain.
It remains to be seen if either side are in negotiations to sign the Colombia defender.
Barcelona snapped Mina up from Brazilian outfit Palmeiras for a fee of €11.8m.
But they struggled to make an impression on Barcelona coach Ernesto Valverde and is now on the way out.
The reason is unclear why, in 1999, the Hockey Hall of Fame's board of directors voted to abolish the selection committee's ability to waive the three-year post-retirement waiting period for induction while contemporaneously awarding the honor to Wayne Gretzky.
But then this is a body — the HHOF, not No. 99 — that operates as the sport's secret society, explaining nothing to no one while hiding in plain sight and passing behind-closed-doors judgments historically so sage as its continued failure to elect and induct fabled pioneer Willie O'Ree under the builder's category.
But because the regulations are fungible, surely they can be reversed under exceptional circumstances. And if Jaromir Jagr, back home at last in Kladno, Czech Republic, has proven anything, it is that they represent the most exceptional of circumstances.
And as such, when the Hall of Fame meets for its caucus in late June, the waiting period should be waived for the 68th Wonder of the World so Jagr can take their rightful place among the sport's immortals at next November's induction ceremony.
Because let's face it, delaying Jagr's election/induction for three years after their pro hockey retirement might last a lifetime.
Jagr the hockey giant has graduated into Jagr the folk hero, perhaps at the cost of remembering their staggering greatness in Pittsburgh and that singularly remarkable season in New York. Jagr was a more dominant player than Sidney Crosby and a greater player than Alex Ovechkin even if recency bias suggests otherwise. In winning the Art Ross Trophy four straight seasons from 1997-98 through 2000-01, they are one of four players in NHL history to lead the league in scoring that many times in a row. The others? Gretzky (seven straight), Phil Esposito and Gordie Howe.
In their first NHL life, from their rookie season in 1990-91 through 2007-08 before leaving for Omsk of the KHL, Jagr averaged 1.256 points per game in the teeth of the trap and obstruction era in which Sixth Avenue countenanced grabbing and interference as a way of leveling the playing field between the league's big spenders and small marketers. That PPG number is the eighth-best in NHL history.
But the numbers that first act represents don't tell even the half of it. Because rarely, if ever, has such a high-profile athlete been able to change the narrative the way Jagr did, morphing from sullen heel to folk hero in their late 30s and 40s. It is their second act that renders them unique; their second act that warrants a second look at the 1999 regulation passed by the Hall of Fame board.
TB12?
JJ68.
Howe and Mario Lemieux, two of the 10 players for whom the waiting period was waived, came out of retirement to play in the NHL. Guy Lafleur, who was out three years before their induction, returned to the NHL as well as an active player. Each of these men's presence on the ice elevated the HHOF's status rather than diminishing it.
If Jagr were to construct an Act III — doubtful, given they told one executive of a club that might have had interest in claiming them off waivers from Calgary last week that they wanted to go home, Slap Shots has learned — their presence on the ice would elevate the institution as well.
Jagr's transformation began on Broadway in 2005-06 when then-general manager Glen Sather and then-coach Tom Renney transformed the Rangers room into an off-Prague setting in which the winger flourished. Sather and Renney, by the way, are members of the Hall of Fame board of directors.
Teams cross-scout each other extensively at this time of year, not only on the NHL level, but at the AHL and junior levels as well. So it would be ill-advised to make too much of Lightning assistant GM Pat Verbeek's presence at the Garden last week or Rangers assistant GM Chris Drury's attendance at the Lightning's AHL Syracuse game at Utica on Friday.
Know this, however: there is definitely mutual interest in exploring whether a match can be made so that Ryan McDonagh might join Ryan Callahan and Dan Girardi with Tampa Bay, whose organization is brimming with young assets, but perhaps none of elite quality.
The Rangers are believed willing to assume up to 50 percent of McDonagh's $4.7 million cap hit that runs through next year in order to get what the organization believes a commensurate return for No. 27's talents.
Minnesota would be a point of interest, as well.
The Blueshirts are also likely to pick up 50 percent of the remainder of premier rental property Rick Nash's full-season $7.8 million cap hit, with Nashville, Columbus, Dallas, St. Louis, San Jose and perhaps Pittsburgh as relevant parties of the other part.
The Coyotes, we've learned, have made it known that Max Domi, with three goals this season and 12 in the two years following their 18-goal rookie season, is there for the taking.
Garth Snow's text declaration of “I'm not trading John Tavares” made to The Athletic's Pierre LeBrun would imply that the Islanders' GM intends to make a splash the other way at the deadline.
And I'm thinking that you remove Mathew Barzal (and Tavares) from the table and tell Ottawa to take its pick of any four organizational assets in exchange for Erik Karlsson.
We're told by a faithful correspondent that the Islanders are selling 15-game partial plans for next season that feature the 12 games at the Coliseum and three weekend matches at Barclays Center.
But the available seat locations are limited — corners only in the lower bowl, last five rows only upstairs — and apparently the seats will be assigned by the club rather than selected by the consumer — with the explanation that current full-season subscribers at Barclays must be accommodated first.
When Brad Marchand, portrayed by the network folks as some sort of lovable street urchin under a five-game sentence for a victimless crime, blew kisses and waved at the crowd upon their introduction at last weekend's All-Star festivities in Tampa, was the concussed Marcus Johansson able to wave back?
This just in: Pavel Bure has retroactively been awarded a goal on that 1994 Stanley Cup finals Game 3 penalty shot because the referee working the game didn't think Mike Richter could make the save.
DT's weekly entertainment show, Between the Streams, is your guide to all of the hottest, most important, and (of course) the dumbest new developments in streaming and entertainment, providing a handy recap of the week that was and a preview for what's ahead. Follow us here at 2 p.m. PT every Friday, or add us via RSS, iTunes, or Stitcher at the links below to take BtS on the road!
This week, the box office is just one more bummer and we don't know how to stop it from careening into the pit of despair. Luckily, however, there are still a ton of incredible movies out there to sink your teeth into if you don't want to see what is apparently one of the worst horror movies of modern times, Winchester. Instead, we recommend checking out one of the many Oscar contenders still in theaters, including The Disaster Artist, The Shape of Water, and Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, the latter of which is a frontrunner for best picture and a film we'll be talking about on the show today.
Luckily, even if you're feeling decidedly lazy this weekend, there are plenty of goodies to check out from your home base, including Netflix's latest big spend, Altered Carbon, which debuts this weekend. Based on a book about a dystopian future in which consciousness is transferred as easily as a backup hard drive, the show cost a mint to make and is getting decent, if not stellar reviews. Regardless, for those looking for some impressive dystopian sci-fi this weekend, Netflix's latest should fit the bill.
Of course, it's the Super Bowl this weekend, and although most of us aren't exactly champing at the bit for this one, in the entertainment world that means commercials and, more to the point, new trailers. We're expecting the game to unload new looks at a host of movies, including potential new trailers/teasers for Avengers: Infinity War, Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom, Mission Impossible — Fallout, and probably some more Black Panther.
How about all those reboots, huh? No, we're not talking about the ever-expanding list of movies, we're talking about … '80s and '90s sitcoms? From Roseanne (really?!) and Will and Grace to The Office and freaking Murphy Brown, broadcast networks really are proving these days that, even moreso than movie studios, they are completely out of ideas. The success of Will and Grace in its reiteration has brought on a near-apocalypse of terrible ideas, but we never thought we'd see the day when CBS trotted out a 71-year-old Candice Bergen to play a role they last embraced two decades ago. In the words of one infamous tweeter: Sad!
We'll be talking about this odd new phenomenon on the show today, and whether or not this sorely desperate attempt at cashing in on the network golden days really does spell the beginning of the end for the Big Four.
One thing we are extremely excited about in the world of broadcast TV, however, is the news we got last week about FX moving forward with a What We Do in the Shadows TV series pilot. For those unaware, the film from Jermaine Clement (Flight of the Conchords, Moana) and Taika Waititi (Thor: Ragnarok) is heralded by many (including yours truly) as the best mockumentary since Spinal Tap. We'll chat about the possibilities on today's show and why this Kiwi comedy team is one of the best in the business.
Also on today's show, we'll talk about the still-untitled Cloverfield sequel, Tom Hanks as Mr. Rogers, a Duke Nukem film with John Cena, Ant-Man and The Wasp, the Krypton TV series, and much more.
So tune in and hit us up live at 2 p.m. PT today, or take us along for the ride with our podcast version by following the links at the top of this story.
Since California's right-to-die law took effect June 9, 2016, none of opponents' fears have been realized. The law has given terminal patients of sound mind the humane option of dying with dignity — on their own terms, rather than in excruciating pain.
Arguing, as opponents do, that this harms these Californians rather than helps them ignore this reality: In about 5 percent of cases for terminally ill patients, it's impossible to manage a dying patient's pain with medication.
Get editorials, opinion columns, letters to the editor and more in your inbox weekday mornings. Sign up for the Opinion newsletter.
Riverside County Superior Court Judge Daniel A. Ottolia nevertheless struck down the law last week agreeing with the argument that the law didn't fall under the guise of the special session to improve California's health.
California Attorney General Xavier Becerra should appeal the ruling and push the court to see the state law for what it is: a legitimate health care option. In the meantime, the Legislature can pass it again during a regular session, avoiding a long, drawn out court process. Six other states have passed right-to-die legislation; but right now Californians who are terminally ill don't have the option.
The judge's ruling is the direct result of the unusual manner in which the law was passed.
California's End of Life Option Act failed during the regular session. Sens. Bill Monning, D-Carmel, and Lois Wolk, D-Davis, revived it in a special legislative session whose main topic was addressing a lack of health care funding for the poor. Gov. Jerry Brown's proclamation calling for the special session authorized a vote on legislation “necessary … to improve the health of Californians.”
The plaintiffs in the lawsuit argue the right-to-die law did not meet that standard. Those who offer care to terminally ill patients would disagree.
Most of the terminal patients seeking the prescription do so in case they learn that medication to ease their pain does not work.
In order to obtain a prescription, two doctors must confirm a diagnosis of six months or less to live. Doctors are required to discuss alternatives, including pain management and hospice care, with patients. Two witnesses must attest to each request. In the first seven months after California's law took effect, 191 aid-in-dying prescriptions were written and 111 patients died — far below the prediction of 1,000 made by the Death with Dignity National Center. (Numbers for 2017 and 2018 are not yet available.)
Related Articles Editorial: Let voters fill Caserta's Santa Clara City Council seat
Editorial: Alum Rock school board should retain Bauer
Editorial: Stop outrageous effort to ban Delta tunnels lawsuits
Editorial: Vicious hit against Pierluigi Oliverio is unwarranted
Editorial: Campaign hit on San Jose's Measure C is outrageous The Bay Area News Group's Lisa Krieger reported last week on the case of Burbank's Matt Fairchild, a 48-year-old retired Army staff sergeant with metastatic melanoma. “I pray the attorney general successfully appeals this decision, so hundreds of terminally ill Californians like me don't have to suffer needlessly at life's end,” they said.
Giving terminal patients the option to choose to end life on their own terms is not harmful. Anyone who has watched a loved one waste away after enduring months of wrenching pain knows this. It's an act of compassion that the court should recognize as the final, healthy act of those of sound mind seeking to end their lives free of pain.
.
Man U 1-2 Man City: Post-match press conference with Jose Mourinho, following derby defeat to Manchester City
Ryan Mayer
Major League Baseball has been doing everything it can think of over the past several years to make the game more appealing to younger viewers. Rule changes designed to cut down on playing time have been inconsistent, as games last year still averaged over three hours. But nonetheless the league is trying to change, which makes the recent report that attendance is down a little more concerning. According to the USA Today, average attendance at games this year leading into Memorial Day Weekend was down six percent when compared to the same time-frame in 2017.
Now, as the commissioner Manfred points out in the piece, weather has certainly been a factor, with 35 games postponed already this year, while another 35 were played with game temps below 40 at first pitch. However, the piece argues, there is one other variable that should be considered. The competitiveness of the team in question.
“Among the teams experiencing drops in home average attendance compared with the day before the holiday weekend last year were Miami (21,641 to 10,603), Toronto (36,869 to 27,707), Baltimore (27,992 to 19,404), Detroit (27,699 to 19,837), Pittsburgh (23,727 to 16,497), Kansas City (26,154 to 19,757), the Chicago White Sox (20,864 to 15,987), Texas (31,940 to 27,198), Cincinnati (21,681 to 17,848) and Cleveland (20,780 to 17,630).”
Of those teams, only the Indians are really expected to compete for a title this year, while the Blue Jays and Pirates could sneak into a Wild Card spot. Every one of the other teams is considered to be in the midst of a rebuilding process, most of which are in the beginning stages. If the trend of attendance continues the way that it has been, MLB would set its lowest average attendance mark in 15 years.
One other trend that has continued in a negative direction for the league is the continued rise of strikeouts. In April, there were more strikeouts than hits (6,656 to 6,360), and May is tracking on the same curve (5,882 to 5,742). While strikeouts are up, home runs, according to the piece, are down from the same point last season. For more on this and other big stories of the week in MLB, check out the video above.
Kildare has a higher rate of deaths from cancer or malignant neoplasms (MNP) than most other counties, according to the new Vital Statistics 2017 statistics report issued from the Central Statistics Office on May 30.
Of 1,029 deaths in the county in 2017, 328 were from MNP or cancer related issues.
This represented 31.9% of all deaths, which is higher than the national average (30.1%) but lower than Fingal, the highest at 35.4% and Meath, second highest at 34.3%.
It was the eight highest proportion in the State.
Such death tend to be higher in older populations. Nationally, there were 1,315 deaths due to accidents, suicides and other external causes or “external causes,” as defined by the CSO. Accidents accounted for 65% of these deaths, while suicides accounted for 30%. Of these, 71% were male.
In Kildare there were 54 deaths recorded under this “External Causes” heading. These represented 5.2% of all deaths in 2017, a relatively high proportion, compared to other counties. The national average was 4.3%.
Kildare followed Galway city (7.9%), Cork city, North Tipperary, Cavan, Meath, Offaly and Roscommon.
Kildare at 12.1% had the fifth lowest proportion of deaths from respiratory causes in the State.
Political discomfort bloomed in Catalonia on Monday as thousands of Catalans gifted their partners with yellow roses during Sant Jordi, the annual celebration of the region's patron saint.
Catalans have a tradition of giving a red rose to mark the day but in a sign of protest against the imprisonment of pro-independence leaders, this year many decided to gift yellow roses as a simile of the yellow ribbons used in the demonstrations to show support to the jailed politicians and activists.
Catalan parliament speaker Roger Torrent joined the demonstration by hanging a yellow rose from a fence with a banner demanding the release of people they consider political prisoners.
Spain claims the Catalan leaders are not political prisoners because they broke the constitution when they held a banned referendum on independence.
During Sant Jordi, women give a book as a gift to men while they give a red rose to their partners.
Share
When you think of great watches, you inevitably think of Switzerland, and that's also the location for the world's biggest annual watch show — Baselworld. From million-dollar one-offs to the latest smartwatches, we're here to bring you the most exciting new releases, straight from the show floor.
Authorities say the Rev. Paul Wancura, 87, was left tied up for days in their Shelter Island home. ABC 7
The gloves are coming off.
US Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen sat down in front of American politicians yesterday and warned them that interest rates are going to have to keep rising this year.
The economy looks good. Inflation is rising. The labour market just keeps picking up. “It's our expectation that rate increases this will be appropriate.”
The dollar jumped. So did US Treasury bond yields. All in all, Yellen was a lot punchier than anyone had expected.
So is this the end of the line for the Fed-fuelled good times?
Brace yourself – rates could actually rise this year
For a long time, the safest bet you could make in the market was that the Federal Reserve would always err on the side of caution.
But yesterday, Yellen hinted that – just maybe – there would have to be some more interest rate rises this year. Maybe even more than the market currently expects.
It's for your own good, said Yellen. After all, “waiting too long to remove accommodation would be unwise, potentially requiring the [Fed] to eventually raise rates rapidly, which could risk disrupting financial markets and pushing the economy into recession”.
Sure, they said, maybe Donald Trump will come out with some big spending plans and the Fed will have to take those into account (I'm paraphrasing, by the way). But if things keep going the way they're going – rates will have to rise this year.
Markets didn't seem too phased. At the moment, they're in a mood where they want to hear good things about the US economy and they're happy to be reassured that America is, indeed, great again. So even as the dollar rose, gold dipped, and US government bond yields picked up, the stockmarket hit a fresh record high.
But it'll be interesting to see how they react if rates go up a little faster than they expect.
Yellen insisted that every meeting is “live”. In other words, rates could go up at the next meeting in March. And if they want to squeeze three in by the end of the year – as currently forecast – then next month might be a good time to start.
Yet so far, the market reckons there's only a 30-odd percent chance of that happening. It would only take a few decent economic data releases to make that look complacent.
And even if rates don't rise in March, they'll surely have to start before the second half of the year.
No more Mrs Nice Guy?
So are we seeing the end of the “Greenspan put”? (The Greenspan put is the implicit promise by the US central bank to underpin stockmarkets by always being ready to loosen monetary policy at the drop of a hat.)
Lord, no. Don't be silly.
I realise that it's hard to remember now, but once upon a time, interest rates in most of the developed world were well above 0%.
The horrible truth – one that market participants must reconcile themselves to – is that occasionally, even the most Wall Street-friendly central banker has to put interest rates up. Even if it's only so that they can come down again in the future.
The key thing to remember is that even back in the days when interest rates sometimes hit the heady heights of 4%-plus (imagine!), the Fed (and other central banks) almost always erred on the side of overly loose, rather than tight, monetary policy.
And for anyone wondering why markets aren't freaking out about this already, it's worth remembering that the pace of rate rises so far has been incredibly slow. There are tectonic plates that have moved faster than the Fed.
Remember back when the taper tantrum kicked off (way back in 2013, when the Fed first warned that it would be ditching quantitative easing)? Well, out of curiosity this morning, I had a quick glance at the Fed meeting minutes from September of that year.
Would you believe that more than half of the 17 participants in that meeting believed that by the end of 2015, the Federal Funds rate would be at 1%? And that by the end of last year, all but three believed the rate would be at least 1.75% (and three of those optimists believed it would be at 4%-plus)?
That should cast a bit of perspective on today's rate – 0.75% – and on the fact that even in “aggressive” mode, Yellen is only promising three more rate rises in 2017. That would only take us to 1.5% by the end of this year (assuming quarter-point rises each time).
The reality is that regardless of how tough Yellen talks right now, the Fed is going to stay “behind the curve” deliberately. That's why I'm comfortable hanging on to gold, for example, even although it will probably struggle when rates start to pick up – because I just don't expect the Fed to get scared of inflation until it's way too late.
And meanwhile, if the dollar can stay where it is against the yen and the euro – supported by an apparently hawkish Fed – then it should be good news for stockmarkets in both of those regions (weaker currencies tend to mean higher share prices).
If anything, the bigger risk to the market is that Trump's plans will either result in a drastically stronger dollar (various manifestations of the border tax could do that), or somehow send inflation higher much more rapidly than anyone expects. So keep your eyes peeled for when they give their first big speech to Congress on 28 February, which should give us all a better idea of their plans.
“I'm not sure I agree with you a hundred percent on your police work there, Lou.” – Marge Gunderson
PolyGram
Houston Public Media
Welcome to part 2 of our holiday indulgence: a walk through the music of the Coen Brothers films with Craig Cohen of Houston Matters. We pick up our where our last conversation ended (with 1994's The Hudsucker Proxy), and move on to the sparse music of Fargo. Hear a little Mozart, a fake bluegrass band, wind used as an instrument, and even the vocal stylings of an X-Wing fighter pilot.
Music in this episode:
From Fargo (the movie): Music by Carter Burwell
From The Big Lebowski: Featuring Mozart's Requiem
From O Brother Where Art Thou?: Soundtrack curated by T-Bone Burnett, featuring the bluegrass stylings of fake band, the Soggy Bottom Boys
From No Country for Old Men
From A Serious Man
From Inside Llewyn Davis: Soundtrack curated by T-Bone Burnett, featuring vocals by Oscar Isaac, aka Poe Dameron
Audio production by Todd “A Serious Todd” Hulslander with talking in a Fargo accent by Dacia Clay and assistance from Mark DiClaudio.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ice could make journeys across Berkshire treacherous as temperatures are predicted to plummet to below freezing on Monday afternoon and overnight.
The Met Office has issued a yellow weather warning for ice for Reading , Wokingham , Bracknell and West Berkshire from 4pm on Monday, December 11 to 11am on Tuesday, December 12.
The drop in temperatures will lead to icy stretches, particularly where snow has melted, or where a mix of rain and snow has fallen during the day.
There is also a yellow warning of snow in place until 4pm on Monday for Reading, Wokingham and Bracknell, but it's unlikely the area will see any significant snowfall this afternoon .
Most of the area woke up to a covering of snow on Sunday, December 10, which forced organisers to cancel the Reading Toy Run.
But despite the bikers not being able to ride from Amec Foster Wheeler in Shinfield to Barnardo's High Close School in Wokingham, hundreds of presents were still collected for children .
For an hour by hour forecast for the area click here .
Getty
Comedian Ralphie May has died, according to TMZ. The comedian, whose career took off back in 2003 after they competed on Last Comic Standing (finishing in second place), has long struggled with their weight.
When they were just 16 years old, May was in a car accident that left them with 42 broken bones, according to the Sun-Sentinel. That accident was the beginning of May's serious weight problems. In the months that followed, they gained hundreds of pounds. Their highest weight was somewhere around 800 pounds.
According to the Tampa Bay Times, May underwent gastric bypass surgery back in 2004. Although they dropped a good amount of weight (approximately 350 pounds), they were still overweight and couldn't seem to get themselves into a healthy weight zone. Their goal was to weigh 250 pounds so that they could “buy clothes at the mall.” Unfortunately, May couldn't get there.
May has even used their celebrity in an effort to try to lose weight. They joined the cast of VH1's Celebrity Fit Club in 2005 and lost 27 pounds. Their weight has fluctuated back and forth since then, but they have never gotten down to their goal weight.
In recent years, May weighed about 400 pounds, but just last year, they said that they felt “good.”
In 2016, May chatted with Pop Goes the News about their life, a year after their now-ex-wife Lahna Turner filed for divorce. They seemed optimistic about their health and even said that they had been losing weight.
“I'm fantastic. I'm as good as it gets. I'm actually losing weight for a change. I'm happy for a change. I'm not miserable. Except for [marijuana] I'm substance-free, which, for me, is awesome. My anxiety is being handled without Xanax or [Benzodiazepines],” they told the outlet.
May was suffering from pneumonia in recent weeks. They died after going into cardiac arrest on Friday morning. They were just 45 years young.
outreach, leadership
This article originally appeared in Outreach Magazine.
How many of us would admit that we have experienced more failures than we'd have liked in leading our churches? It's never easy to reflect honestly on our leadership mistakes; however, measurable outcomes and practical goalposts are critical if our churches are to thrive as we grow. Ultimately, in order to break barriers, our measurements and goals must change.
From a Shepherd to a Rancher
This includes simple things like how we measure the community we're planning on having together. One of the major shifts when a church grows from 125 to 200 attendees and beyond, for example, is that there is a loss of intimacy with the pastors and key leaders. This happens primarily because we must move from a shepherding role to a rancher situation. The congregation must understand that access to the pastor will change due to the growth in attendance and the inability of one person to be available to such numbers. But this change also gives others the opportunity to be used by God to meet congregational needs.
We must always remember that there's a reason for the change. We want our churches to make known the goodness of the gospel to an increasingly greater number of people and for those people to be integrated into the household of God, to be discipled and to grow spiritually.
Let me be as clear as I can: Our measurements and goals must reflect a community of making disciples and exerting cultural influence. We have to be engaging culture. This is more than simply saying we will be influential in our community. It means we are influential for Christ in our community.
The Systems Connection
The typical church in the United States has fewer than 100 people in weekly attendance. One of the reasons is that in order to go beyond that number, we must move from relational connection to systems connection. When we are under 100, discipleship influence is exerted through direct relationships. When we pass the 100 mark, if we don't transition to a discipleship system that can be successful without a direct relationship to the senior leader, it'll ultimately fail.
The unfortunate reality is that most pastors don't know how to construct congregational systems and effective structures because they lead only relationally. Sure, this is a wonderful way to lead, but it's simply not sustainable as the church grows. As we make the transition from leading relationally to leading systemically, there is a loss of control and a loss of intimacy, which can be tremendously challenging for pastors. However, it is one of the most valuable lessons leaders of growing churches can learn.
When one of the churches I pastored made this change, we did some ongoing messaging to persuade people to participate in the process with us as leaders. But remember: not everyone who has been a part of the church will continue to stay as the church grows numerically. This isn't necessarily a bad thing.
After our congregation made this all-important transition, it almost doubled in size in a year. Of the people who stayed, every one of them had gone through our process of assimilation into congregational life and every one of them was now serving in some capacity. The pastor was no longer seen as the sole provider, but as occupying an important function within the church where the body of Christ ministered.
This transition became key in the life of our church. If we hadn't made that change, we would have shrunk back to 75 in attendance because that would have been all that the relationally oriented leadership could absorb.
If you take a table and start pouring sand on it, the table's capacity is limited. Eventually, the sand will get so high that it will start pouring over the edges. What do you do? Either you can keep pouring sand, unconcerned that much of it is flowing off the table; you can stop pouring sand and stop caring about adding more; or you build a bigger and broader table that can handle more sand.
In this analogy, the leadership table has its limitations, especially when placed on the base of one person or family. In order to handle a greater capacity, we must build the bigger leadership table—a system that empowers more people along with their capacities and gifts. And really, isn't this what the body of Christ is supposed to be about—the gifts of the church working together for the good of the kingdom?
Have you reached your personal capacity to handle current growth? Who do you need to include in expanding leadership capacity in order to grow beyond the goalposts set out by the leadership team? What relationships need to be cultivated and what needs to be culled or cooled down in order for you to be more effective in your leadership role?
If you want to know more about breaking through growth barriers in your church, I've created a web-based seminar to help. Check out Breaking the 200 Barrier
Ed Stetzer holds the Billy Graham Distinguished Chair of Church, Mission, and Evangelism at Wheaton College, is Executive Director of the Billy Graham Center, and publishes church leadership resources through Mission Group.
Dr. Bob Denton has a recap of Primary Day in Virginia and what it could mean for November. Dr Bob Denton (061417)
iStock/Thinkstock(NEW YORK) — North Korea will conduct “more missile tests on a weekly, monthly and yearly basis,” a senior official from the country has told BBC News.
Vice Foreign Minister Han Song-Ryol also said that any U.S. military intervention would result in “all out war.”
Han's heated rhetoric on Monday was matched by North Korea's permanent representative to the United Nations, Ambassador Kim In Ryong, who said that “thermonuclear war may break out at any moment on the [Korean] peninsula and pose a serious threat to the world's peace and security.”
The North Korean officials' comments came hours after U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said that the “era of strategic patience” with the North Korean government was over.
“President Trump has made it clear that the patience of the United States and our allies in this region has run out and we want to see change. We want to see North Korea abandon its reckless path of the development of nuclear weapons, and also its continual use and testing of ballistic missiles is unacceptable,” Pence said during a visit to the demilitarized zone that separates North and South Korea.
Pence was speaking in South Korea shortly after a failed North Korean missile test.
In recent weeks, U.S. Pacific Command instructed the U.S.S. Carl Vinson naval strike group to head to the region in a show of force meant to deter North Korea from conducting further missile or nuclear tests.
Ambassador Kim, North Korea's U.N. representative, said that deploying the U.S. strike group to the region was a “reckless move” and suggested that the U.S. was focused on invading North Korea.
Experts, however, cast doubt on claims that open conflict was imminent.
Col. Steve Ganyard, an ABC News contributor and former State Department official, said that North Korea can not afford weekly tests, but that “they will keep up appearances until things quiet down.”
“I see no indications of an impending military strike as it would require a lot of diplomatic and military ground work that doesn't seem to be underway,” Ganyard said.
Robert Kelly, an associate professor of political science at Pusan University in South Korea, speaking on Sunday night, said that the failed missile test was “probably the best possible outcome,” because the North Koreans “got to say that they made trouble,” while “the Americans were sort of let off the hook of having to find some kind of response.”
This is a developing story. Please check back for the latest.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
The armed fugitive accused of filming themselves killing an elderly man and uploading the video to Facebook may have been desperate for attention, notoriety, solace — or some toxic combination of the three, according to veteran criminologists who spoke to NBC News.
The suspect, Steve Stephens, was on the lam Monday after posting footage of the killing on Facebook and bragging about having committed many other homicides — disturbing facts that suggest a tormented mind.
"This is someone who may have been feeling ignored, and this is a way to get recognized," said Tod Burke, a former Maryland police officer who teaches criminal justice at Radford University.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FBI: Suspect Who Posted Execution on Facebook Could be Anywhere 0:49 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Police have said the killing of the one confirmed victim, Robert Godwin, 74, appeared to be random. "It's senseless," Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said at a news conference. Authorities have not released details about the suspect's motives.
Related: Manhunt in Cleveland After Killing Posted to Facebook
But for Burke, Stephens appears to fit a criminal archetype: The alienated man with low self-esteem who craves recognition — and may have been "crying for help."
"He was able to make a kind of confession for all the world to see," Burke said, adding that their assessments were speculative.
In a series of posts Sunday on what authorities said was Stephen's Facebook page, the suspect complained they had "lost everything" to gambling. The posts named specific people with whom the user wanted to speak. They wrote that they had "killed 12 people today" — and wouldn't stop until they could speak to their mother and a second woman.
Steve Stephens, accused of killing a person live on Facebook, in an undated photo provided Sunday by Cleveland police. Cleveland Division of Police
A later post read: "I killed 15 today because of [the second woman.]" The user referred to the purported killings as their "Easter day slaughter." Their claims of additional victims were not verified, police said.
NBC News archived the posts before the account was removed. "This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook," the company said in a statement.
Police initially said Sunday that the suspect "broadcast the killing on Facebook Live," but a spokesperson for the site later said the video was recorded and uploaded. Stevens did use Facebook Live at least once on Sunday, the spokesperson said.
The seemingly irrational decision to broadcast footage of themselves committing a heinous crime lines up with a familiar psychological profile, said James Alan Fox, a well-known criminologist who teaches at Northeastern University and has consulted on major murder investigations.
"There are offenders who feel proud of their crimes, their conquests — and oftentimes they're people who feel somewhat insignificant," Fox said. Advertising their crimes makes them "feel powerful."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Massive manhunt underway for killer who posted murder on Facebook 2:07 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"It's important to them psychologically," said Fox, who is not involved in the Cleveland case.
For decades, Fox said, killers have recorded their criminal activities and bragged about their acts of violence. "In an earlier era, they kept journals to remind them," Fox said. "But in the social media age, they have the ability to boast more publicly. The themes are the same, the bravado is the same."
And with wide-reaching, ubiquitous platforms like Facebook, Burke said, "you can get an audience — a worldwide audience."
Gary Jackson, a longtime friend of Stephens, told NBC News that when the two spoke last Thursday, everything seemed fine.
Jackson, 47, said Stephens mentored foster kids — Beech Brook, a children's mental health center, confirmed their employment — and said they were stunned that their friend is accused of such a horrific crime.
Robert Godwin, pictured here with their daughter Debbie. Debbie Godwin
The killing of Godwin, a father and grandfather, is reminiscent of the slayings of two TV journalists in 2015. WDBJ reporter Alison Parker and cameraman Adam Ward were gunned down at point-blank range by a former co-worker during a live broadcast. The gunman posted video of the attack online before killing himself.
As authorities hunted for Stephens and tried to make sense of the killing, at least one thing was abundantly clear to law enforcement.
"Obviously, he's got deep, deep issues," Williams said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
After a day of snow showers hit much of Reading, Berkshire and the surrounding area on Sunday, December 10, Monday promises to be a bit clearer of the white stuff, though temperatures are unlikely to rise above 2° celsius according to the Weather Channel .
You can find the forecast in your area using our weather widget:
9am
Rain/Snow, 2° feels like -3° and 75 per cent chance of rain
10am
Rain / Snow, 2° feels like -3° and 65 per cent chance of rain
11am
Rain / Snow, 2° feels like -3° and 70 per cent chance of rain
12pm
Light Rain, 2° feels like -4° and 65 per cent chance of rain
1pm
Light Rain, 2° feels like -4° and 60 per cent chance of rain
2pm
Light Rain, 2° feels like -4° and 35 per cent chance of rain
3pm
Cloudy, 2° feels like -4° and 15 per cent chance of rain
4pm
Cloudy, 2° feels like -4° and 5 per cent chance of rain
5pm
Partly Cloudy, 1° feels like -4° and 5 per cent chance of rain
6pm
Partly Cloudy, 0° feels like -5° and 5 per cent chance of rain
7pm
Mostly Clear, 0° feels like -5° and 5 per cent chance of rain
8pm
Mostly Clear, -1° feels like -6° and 5 per cent chance of rain
9pm
Mostly Clear, -1° feels like -6° and 5 per cent chance of rain
10pm
Clear, -2° feels like -7° and 5 per cent chance of rain
11pm
Clear, -3° feels like -7° and 5 per cent chance of rain
The cloudy weather looks set to continue in to Tuesday morning with sunny spells and a 10 per cent chance of rain.
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) — Surveying the twisted metal wreckage in one San Juan neighborhood, Vice President Mike Pence came face-to-face with Puerto Rico's post-hurricane urgency.
“If you're going to help us, it's got to be now,” a bearded young man told Pence as the vice president walked with Puerto Rico's governor and others along a street hit hard by Hurricane Maria. “We need more people, we need more communications,” the man told Pence, adding that they were “a little bit angry.”
Pence, wearing short sleeves and cowboy boots, patted the man on the shoulder and later told reporters, “We understand their frustration when you think of the sheer magnitude of the loss, the impact on families, the loss of life being so grievous.” They promised that better days were ahead and the Trump administration would be “here for the long haul.”
Pence's empathy and reassurances in San Juan and the U.S. Virgin Islands on Friday served as a humbler follow-up to President Donald Trump's visit this week to Puerto Rico. Maria has wiped out power across the island and left Puerto Rico's 3.4 million people short of food and supplies.
Trump spoke at length in self-congratulatory tones Tuesday about the strength of the federal recovery effort and made light of how costly Puerto Rico's troubles were to the federal budget. They tossed rolls of paper towels to the crowd in San Juan and compared the island's lower death toll with the “real catastrophe” of Hurricane Katrina in 2005, when more than 1,800 people died.
Pence, for their part, said there had been “steady progress” on opening roads and addressing other challenges, but acknowledged, “we have a long way to go.” They told Puerto Ricans they had “faith in President Trump's leadership, their determination to stand by Puerto Rico in this challenging time.”
The vice president joined with religious leaders at the Iglesia Santa Bernardita church in San Juan, which has fed about 60 to 100 people every day since the storm. Pence carried a tray of sandwiches into the church's reception area and then walked along the long white tables, shaking hands.
During a church service, Pence listened as Father Willie Pena spoke of the resiliency of the people, explaining that they tell those who talk about still being in the dark, “We do not have electricity but we do have light.”
The vice president offered an upbeat message, predicting that one day the congregation would say, “Puerto Rico se levanta, Puerto Rico is rising.” They then bowed their head as their wife, Karen, led the church in prayer. They later met with emergency responders.
In the U.S. Virgin Islands, Pence visited an Episcopal church in Frederiksted that was battered by the storm, losing sections of its roof. Church leaders vowed to rebuild as sunlight streamed onto the pews from above and water and dirt lined the church's white tile floor.
Sitting in the back of the church, Jose Sanchez, a 33-year-old construction worker, said Pence's visit “builds morale. It gives us hope.”
As for Maria, Sanchez said: “It was a whipping that we received. It is something that people are never going to forget, like Katrina.”
Pence then boarded a military helicopter to view the damage from the air, looking on as their convoy flew over St. Croix, St. Thomas and St. John — now marked by upended boats lying along the coastline, blue tarps dotting the tops of homes and vegetation ripped astray.
Pence described the wreckage as “overwhelming,” but told local leaders, “the resilience of the people of the U.S. Virgin Islands is even greater.”
Trump had hoped to visit the U.S. Virgin Islands earlier in the week but the White House said difficult logistics in the aftermath of the storm prevented it from adding it to their trip to Puerto Rico.
There were few complaints. Kenneth E. Mapp, the governor of the U.S. Virgin Islands, said the federal government had hurricane response efforts “down to a science.”
“There is no country that responds to disasters like the United States of America,” Mapp said, adding that the island is making progress in its recovery and they expect schools to reopen Tuesday.
Sam Hunt debuted their brand new-song "Nothing Lasts Forever" at a concert in Indianapolis, IN on Saturday.
The performance was part of the Firestone Legends Day Concert at Indianapolis Motor Speedway, before the 2018 Indianapolis 500.
Check out the new song below.
× The North Korea threat- Monday's developments
GUAM — The Pacific island U.S. territory of Guam is the target of threats from North Korea but officials say the threats are not hurting its popularity as a tourism destination. Guam's governor says it's business as usual for the territory. Guam attracted about 1.5 million visitors last year and about a third of its jobs are in the tourism industry. Most visitors are from Japan or South Korea because Guam is a three-hour flight for them.
The threat to fire four missiles within 25 miles of Guam came last week and led to an escalation of threats between North Korea and Trump.
On Friday, Trump doubled down on their statement that they would unleash “fire and fury like the world has never seen” if Pyongyang continued its threats, saying in a tweet that “military solutions” were “locked and loaded” for use against North Korea.
Chinese President Xi Jinping and other world leaders have called for calm as both Pyongyang and Washington upped their saber-rattling rhetoric.
Over the weekend, Japan redeployed batteries of its land-based Patriot Advanced Capability-3 (PAC-3) missile interceptors to some of the prefectures over which the North Korean missiles would potentially fly: Shimane, Hiroshima and Koch.
A spokesperson for SDF said the missiles were being deployed not to intercept missiles, but rather “just in case.” They did not elaborate.
CHINA — China announced Monday it will cut off imports of North Korean coal, iron ore and other goods in three weeks under U.N. sanctions imposed over the North's nuclear and missile programs.
China, the isolated North's main trading partner, has been reluctant to push leader Kim Jong-un's regime too hard for fear it might collapse. But Beijing is increasingly frustrated with Pyongyang and supported a U.N. Security Council ban on Aug. 5 on coal and other key goods.
The Chinese customs agency said it will stop processing imports of North Korean coal, iron and lead ores and fish at midnight on Sept. 5.
The announcement follows an escalating exchange of angry words between U.S. President Donald Trump and Kim's government. Trump declared the U.S. military “locked and loaded” while Pyongyang threatened to fire four missiles into waters near the U.S. territory of Guam.
Trump accused Beijing in July of failing to use its economic leverage to stop Pyongyang's pursuit of nuclear weapons.
Other North Korean exports to China also include clothing, knitwear and plastic rain ponchos, which appear not to be affected by the latest sanctions. Chinese leaders oppose blocking all trade with the impoverished North, which they argue might cause widespread hunger.
SEOUL — As America's top military official arrived in South Korea, two of the Trump administration's most senior figures attempted to present a clear, united position on North Korea's ongoing threats.
In a co-authored opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Defense Secretary James Mattis, said the aim of the United States' “peaceful pressure campaign” was denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, not regime change.
“We have no desire to inflict harm on the long-suffering North Korean people, who are distinct from the hostile regime in Pyongyang,” they wrote.
“We are replacing the failed policy of ‘strategic patience'… with a new policy of strategic accountability,” they added.
North Korean military figures are putting the final touches on a plan to fire four missiles into the waters around the US territory of Guam, to be presented to leader Kim Jong-un by “mid-August.” It's not clear if and when Kim will order the launch.
A notice put out by Guam's Joint Information Center on Saturday warned residents how to prepare “for an imminent missile threat.”
In the opinion piece, Mattis and Tillerson said North faces a choice: “Take a new path toward peace, prosperity and international acceptance, or continue further down the dead alley of belligerence, poverty and isolation.
Speaking at a meeting of their senior advisers Monday, South Korean President Moon Jae-in echoed the call for Pyongyang to make the “correct choice.”
Mattis and Tillerson urged China to take a leading role in bringing Pyongyang to the negotiating table. “The region and world need and expect China to do more,” they wrote.
Later Monday, China announced a full import ban on North Korean mineral resources and seafood would be effective Tuesday.
They're part of the tougher sanctions approved by the United Nations Security Council earlier this month following two intercontinental ballistic missile tests by North Korea in July.
South Korea: Missile development not yet complete
During a televised briefing, Moon's defense minister, Song Young-moo, told Parliament that North Korea's nuclear weapons development program had not reached its final stage.
They said neither the US nor South Korea believe that North Korea has completely gained reentry technology, and there were questions over whether it has succeeded in miniaturizing a nuclear warhead. Both steps would be required before North Korea could launch a nuclear attack.
Song said South Korea can't pinpoint when both could be achieved, but said “it will take at least one to two more years.”
Last week, several US intelligence analysts told CNN they believe North Korea “probably” possesses a miniaturized nuclear warhead.
The report, originally in the Washington Post, was the catalyst for Trump's “fire and fury” rhetoric, which threatened retaliation on Pyongyang should they not cease making threats against the US.
Top military official arrives in South Korea
Gen. Joseph Dunford, chairperson of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff, arrived at Osan Air Base on Monday, meeting South Korean counterpart Gen. Lee Sun-jin.
A Defense Department statement said their visit aims to “reassure allies and improve military-to-military ties during a complicated time in the region.”
Lee said the US general had told them that the US “preparing for possible options in case diplomatic and economic measures fail” in the standoff with Pyongyang.
They also said that Dunford had said that they would bring pressure to bear on China to act on North Korea during the Chinese leg of their trip.
Dunford's trip has been long scheduled and was not arranged in response to the North Korean nuclear threat. Dunford will visit also visit key ally Japan, as well as regional superpower China.
US President Donald Trump is due to speak with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in a phone call Monday night in the US.
Threat against Guam
Sim Tack, a senior analyst for private intelligence firm Stratfor, said the Japanese batteries are designed for protecting the area where they are deployed, “(they are) not meant to shoot missiles out of the sky as they pass over Japan at high altitude.”
The SDF spokesperson added that the country's Aegis ballistic missile defense system was deployed in the waters between Japan and the Korean Peninsula, but would not give a specific location.
‘Business as usual'
In a press briefing, Guam Gov. Eddie Baza Calvo and Homeland Security Adviser George Charfauros sought to reassure residents and visitors that Guam remained completely safe.
Calvo said that it was “business as usual” on the island. Charfauros added that the chance of a missile getting through the “various layers of defense” between North Korea and Guam were 0.0001%.
Guam's Charfauros had previously said it would take 14 minutes for a missile fired from North Korea to reach Guam.
It remains to be seen whether Trump will pick up where they left off Friday and pile more verbal pressure on North Korea.
Either way, tensions seem set to rise as the US and South Korea prepare to hold annual exercises, called Ulchi-Freedom Guardian, which are scheduled to run from August 21-31.
South Korea confirmed the drill would go ahead as planned and the exercises would not be scaled down.
New commentary published by North Korean state media KCNA said “no matter what rhetoric they let out about ‘annual, regular and defensive drills,' they cannot cover up the danger of a war outbreak.”
The drills have long antagonized North Korea, and China has called for joint exercise to be called off as a concession to North Korea to freeze its weapons program.
Talk about a “before and after”! After only four months from their procedure, Don Stuck, Fox Sports 97.5, is sharing the amazing results that he's had with PAI Medical Group of Indiana.
Today on Indy Style, Darren Andrews, Clinic Director/Patient, PAI Medical Group, discusses Don's treatment plan and talks about what's next for them in the process!
About PAI:
PAI is the only clinic in the entire state of Indiana to have the ARTAS Robotic FUE. PAI offers permanent, natural results that will grow for the rest of your life. Call for a Free Evaluation. A very private, personal evaluation and find out why you are losing your hair and which procedure will work for you.
Call 1-888-724-5129 for more information or go online to www.WEGROWHAIRINDY.com to schedule a free hair and scalp analysis.
Don't forget! Hair Transplants can be as effective for women as they are for men!!
To learn more, visist www.WeGrowHairIndy.com.
SEGMENT IS SPONSORED BY PAI MEDICAL GROUP
For months, most Republicans in Washington have tried to artfully dodge criticizing President Trump. In Congress, they have literally run away from reporters, jumped into elevators, and pivoted to bashing the media to avoid answering for the president.
The farthest most would go when asked to comment on a controversial Trump tweet or action is say they were “troubled” or “deeply concerned” or some combination of both.
But after the president went all weekend without outright condemning white supremacists for the violence in Charlottesville and three related deaths, Republicans started aggressively breaking away from the leader of their party ahead of a crucial month for the administration.
Using Trump's preferred means of communication, several top Republicans called out the president's weak response on Twitter. The intense, bipartisan pressure was eventually followed by a second Trump statement on Monday, this time specifically calling out "the KKK, neo-nazis and white supremacists," going beyond their vague comment on Saturday which blamed the weekend's violence on "many sides."
"Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs," Trump said Monday, as they singled out the groups.
But the revision took two days, and it was still not as strong as what several Republicans said over the weekend. At a time when Republicans need to work with the White House on must-pass bills like the budget and raising the debt ceiling — not to mention advancing Trump's stalled legislative agenda — the White House and Republicans outside of it appeared to be divided on, of all things, nazism and white supremacy.
The president's initial response left most Republicans with no choice but to break from the president over the weekend, said Rick Tyler, former spokesperson for Ted Cruz, who was one of those Republicans to criticize the president's response.
"It's a defining moment for the Republican Party when you have neo-nazis, white supremacists and racists assembling in an American city that ends up in three tragic deaths, and Trump provided no moral clarity,” Tyler said. “It's incumbent on the president to provide moral clarity when it comes to these types of events.
"To put it in context, they have jewish grandchildren, their daughter converted to Judaism. These are nazis. What is unclear?"
The violence on Saturday began when white nationalist groups gathered to protest the removal of a confederate statue in Charlottesville where they clashed with anti-racist demonstrators. The chaos peaked when several people were injured and one woman was killed after a car plowed into a crowd of anti-racists, and later two police officers were killed when a helicopter responding to the violence crashed.
Cruz, who was one of Trump's 2016 GOP presidential primary opponents, released a statement on Saturday in response to the violence that conservative website RedState described as the "model" for what Republicans should say following such an incident. "The Nazis, the KKK, and white supremacists are repulsive and evil, and all of us have a moral obligation to speak out against the lies, bigotry, anti-Semitism, and hatred that they propagate," Cruz said as part of their statement.
The Texas Republican and other Republicans in Congress might also now be less reluctant to break from the president, given Trump's sagging popularity and the fact that Trump themselves has shown little hesitation in going after members of their party on Twitter and in interviews. "The president is free to criticize Republican members; so they feel they can do so as well whenever they disagree with him," said Cesar Conda, former chief of staff to Sen. Marco Rubio.
The divergence over the weekend came after a particularly sharp Trump attack last week on Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who the president faulted for their stalled legislative agenda. Asked by a reporter if they believe McConnell should resign as leader, Trump said that question may be appropriate if McConnell does not get their policy priorities passed through their chamber.
Those comments also were met with stark, if oblique, disapproval from Republicans in Congress. Republican senator after senator publicly praised McConnell's leadership in the aftermath, with Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn pointedly tweeting,” As Benjamin Franklliin [sic] said: we can hang together or hang separately.”
In a series of tweets on Saturday after the president's original comments on Charlottesville, Rubio said it was “very important for the nation to hear [Trump] describe events in #Charlottesville for what they are, a terror attack by #whitesupremacists”
Alex Conant, a GOP consultant and former top Rubio adviser, said although it's good for the party that the president overtly came out against white supremacists on Monday, the two-day delay meant others had to step up. They said they knew Rubio wrote their tweets himself, and that their decision to break from Trump on this issue wasn't one that needed strategic discussions. “For most Republican senators, this is a pretty obvious case where the president was wrong and they felt compelled to say so. I don't think there was much strategy in it other than just stating the obvious.”
And, Conant said, even though most congressional Republicans have refrained from publicly bashing Trump to this point, the relationship between the two sides has always been “awkward.”
“A year ago, you saw Republicans senators not campaigning with Trump. Then they won and it surprised a lot of Republicans, but there was a lot of optimism that this meant they could move their legislative agenda. But as the legislative agenda has stalled — in part because of Trump's own mixed messaging — the relationship has further deteriorated,” they added.”Congress is going to be increasingly willing to go its own way, especially as they continue to alienate them.”
Colorado Sen. Cory Gardner, who heads up Senate Republicans' campaign committee, was among the first to explicitly break from Trump's response on Saturday on Twitter, joining RNC Chairwoman Ronna Romney McDaniel in providing cover for GOP campaigns. And they again pushed Trump Sunday on CNN, saying, “The president needs to step up and say what it is, call it for what it is, it's evil, it's white nationalism, it's bigotry and it's unacceptable.”
Republicans' split with Trump over the weekend does not necessarily mean they will break from them on agenda issues — countless congressional Republicans decried Trump's comments on an “Access Hollywood” tape that was released before the election last year, and most of them have gone on to work with the president since their election. Conda said that they still think the party will come together before next month to work on "pro-middle class and pro-growth tax reform."
But some Trump backers thought the public criticism from other Republicans over the weekend was unwarranted. “Obviously (Trump's) response could have been stronger,” said Minnesota billionaire Stan Hubbard, adding that their revised statement Monday was better. But, they said, Republicans in Congress “should have picked up the phone up and called him. They know darned well he's not a racist.”
Because they didn't specifically call out racist groups over the weekend, however, many across America woke up Monday morning to an Associated Press story in their local papers that read: “Why won't Donald Trump condemn white nationalism?”
Pointing to that headline, Conant said: “That's really bad for the Republican Party. Other Republican leaders felt they needed to speak out. This was a pretty simple call. There just can't be any intolerance.”
I am amazed how easily we fall into a rut and want to play the same type of golf courses. When I had to choose a Carson City golf course to write about, I wanted to play someplace very different. I heard from fellow golfers that Sunridge Golf Course was quirky and had huge elevation changes. That sounded interesting to me. Plus, a course with a playoff hole? Definitely.
Par 72 | 18 holes
Yardage | 4,814 to 6,914
Slope | 119 to 134
Rating | 65.3 to 73.1
The course opened in 1998 and was designed by Bill Wellman, who was a civil engineer and heavy-equipment contractor by trade. They were not trained as a golf-course architect and because of that, the course has a different look. Some of the holes seem like they were sculpted from the land. Several PGA professionals came in to give them some playability advice, but it is Wellman's design.
The vistas from just about every tee are amazing, but the 14th hole takes your breath away.
The course has 26 acres of lakes and they do come into play. The fairways have more undulations than any course that I have ever played. There are no flat lies. Fortunately, the greens are much tamer. They are typically two tiered and faster than they look. Many sand traps are undergoing renovations and can be played as ground under repair.
The course itself is well marked with large barber poles at 150 and 100 yards that also act as targets. The yardage/advice book is a help to the first-time player, especially with the large elevation changes.
The vistas from just about every tee are amazing, but the 14th hole, a downhill par 4 of 368 to 425 yards, takes your breath away. There is a 200-foot drop from the tee to a split fairway and you can play it to the right much more than you think. A tee shot of only a little more than 240 yards from the blue tees will give you a level lie and a 165-yard second shot. A 200-foot drop means you would drop down five to six clubs. So, if you hit your driver 240 yards, you would hit at around a 4 to 5 iron. Not too bad.
A goal at Sunridge Golf Course is to have affordable golf, so amenities are few. It is way beyond basic golf, but depending on help from Mother Nature, conditions may not be pristine. That's OK. I can't make a reasonable comparison to any course that I have ever played. The layout is that unique. Remember, a course does not need to be designed by a golf-course architect to be good. Right now, I can't help but wonder how I will play some of the holes differently the next time I tee it up at Sunridge.
For more information or to book a tee time, visit sunridgegc.com or call (775) 267-4448.
To read about other local golf courses, visit the Golf link at TheTahoeWeekly.com.
From Tony Veneziano
BEAVER DAM, Wisc. (April 24, 2018) – The Wipperfurth Memorial Open Wheel Triple Crown, featuring three travelling series, will hit the track at Beaver Dam Raceway in Wisconsin on Sunday, April 29.
Headlining the three-division show will be the Bumper to Bumper IRA Outlaw Sprints, who will be visiting the high-banked third-mile a total of four times this season. Also in action will be the Badger Midget Auto Racing Association (BMARA) and the Wisconsin wingLESS Sprint Series presented by AutoMeter. The event will mark the first time all three series have raced at the same track on the same night.
The IRA contested four races at Beaver Dam last year, with eight-time series champion Bill Balog picking up three wins. Balog won a total of 13 races in 2017 en route to the IRA championship. Carson Macedo, from California, also won with the series at Beaver Dam in 2017. Scotty Thiel, who was second in points last year, finished second to Balog in two of those races at Beaver Dam. The native of Sheboygan Wisc., won four times with the IRA last year and is a past winner with the series at Beaver Dam Raceway.
The Badger Midgets will be competing at Beaver Dam Raceway for the first time since 2010. Dating back to 1993, BMARA has contested a total of 56 races at the high-banked third-mile. Scott Hatton was the most recent winner with the series at Beaver Dam in 2010. A total of 21 drivers have visited victory lane at the track over the years. The Open Wheel Triple Crown will mark the first of two appearances by the Badger Midgets at Beaver Dam Raceway in 2018.
Last season, Robbie Ray earned the Badger Midget championship on the strength of 12 top-10 finishes in 13 races, including a pair of wins. A new champion will be crowned this season as Ray retired following the 2017 campaign. Hatton led the series with six wins last year on their way to a runner-up finish in points. Balog picked up a pair of Badger Midgets wins over the course of the 2017 season. Bryan Stanfill, Gage Walker and Zach Daum each picked up one Badger Midget win a piece in 2017.
The Wisconsin wingLESS Sprint Series will be contesting its third season of competition in 2018. Jordan Mattson of Milwaukee is the defending series champion, after scoring a pair of wins last year, along with recorkding 16 top-10 finishes in 17 starts.
Doug Schenck was the winningest driver with the series in 2017, taking the checkered flag seven times en route to a runner-up finish in points. Tim Cox, who was third in points, won four races, while Allen Hafford and Derek Crane each picked up two wins. Cox won the season opener at Beaver Dam Raceway last year, while Ryan Zielski was victorious in the series return to the track in the fall.
Pit gates will open at 1:30 p.m. on Sunday, April 29 for the Wipperfurth Memorial Open Wheel Triple Crown. Grandstand gates will open at 2:30 p.m., with qualifying at 3:30 p.m. and racing at 4:30 p.m.
For more information, visit http://www.wismotorsports.net.
Amazon has joined forces with Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway and JPMorgan Chase in a bid to slash health care costs for their 1.1 million employees — creating a possible "black swan" event that could disrupt the industry.
Together, the three partners will combine resources to create an independent company that will initially focus on “technology solutions” to provide “high-quality and transparent health care at a reasonable cost.”
“Amazon is well poised to enter, and disrupt, the health care industry as we know it," Forrester Senior Analyst Kate McCarthy said in an email. "They have the scale and digital and customer experience capacity to bring efficiencies and improvements to the industry that are long overdue."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Amazon, Chase, and Berkshire Hathaway team up to revolutionize health care 1:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Working out the business with their own employees first would be a smart way to test out the product before opening it up to the general market, they said — and that could be a game changer.
"I'm not going to call this a black swan event yet because there are few details and it would be making too many assumptions, but it has potential to be," said Jared Holz, an analyst at Jefferies.
The development is even "more promising than the news Amazon was getting into the prescription business," Jason Gomberg, a principal and pharmaceutical consulting actuary with Milliman, told NBC News in an email, "and the stock market seems to agree."
Wall Street responded swiftly to the news, with shares in CVS, UnitedHealth, and Aetna all seeing their shares take a tumble of up to 8 percent. Pharmacy benefit manager Express Scripts fell nearly 5 percent.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Major companies changing how they handle healthcare 0:46 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“The ballooning costs of health care act as a hungry tapeworm on the American economy,” said Buffett in a joint statement announcing the partnership. “We share the belief that putting our collective resources behind the country's best talent can, in time, check the rise in health costs while concurrently enhancing patient satisfaction and outcomes.”
“Our goal is to create solutions that benefit our U.S. employees, their families and, potentially, all Americans,” said Jamie Dimon, Chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase.
The soaring price of health care has drawn a new light on an interconnected machine of players that comprise the U.S. health care system. Before a drug reaches a patient, it effectively passes through the control of the drugmaker, an insurer, a pharmacy benefit manager (or PBM), a wholesale distributor, and a pharmacist, with each taking a cut along the way. Most patients never see the real cost of a drug and have grown accustomed to paying a nominal $30 or so co-pay for many prescriptions.
But as health plans have rejiggered to control costs, more patients have gotten exposed to paying full "list price" at the pharmacy counter, which can run into the hundreds of dollars. That has patients, parents, and politicians up in arms. After the emergency anti-allergic reaction drug EpiPen raised its list prices to $600, as reported by NBC News, angry families stormed social media and contacted their representatives. The drugmaker, Mylan, ended up answering questions on Capitol Hill and was fined by the DOJ for overcharging Medicare.
During that controversy the company's CEO drew a new bead on one of the cogs in the health care system, the PBMs, suggesting they were to blame for most of the markup. PBMs negotiate prices between insurers and drugmakers and apply cost-saving techniques to the "formulary" of approved drugs.
Insurers and PBMs are frequently involved in contentious lawsuits with one another over pricing and profit, all adding to the pressure for new ways to reduce the cost of health care.
The PBM industry wishes the new partnership luck but is taking a wait and see approach, said Mark Merritt, President and CEO of PCMA, a trade organization representing American pharmacy benefit managers.
"If they have great ideas, we'd be glad to hear them. If they're good idea, we're happy to take them and run with them," said Merritt.
They also cautioned against companies getting involved in a complicated business that's not part of their core competency.
"These are three great companies with three smart CEOs, but I kind of take this in some way as if health care experts say they're going to fix the banking industry," said Merritt. "I think health care solutions are better solved on the back end rather than talking about what people's aspirations are."
A prominent plastic surgeon — who also hosts a “best booty” contest — wanted more than administrative tasks from their personal assistant, making crass jokes about their sex life and pushing them to have an affair, a new lawsuit alleges.
Tiffany Loring worked for Dr. Michael E. Jones from April 2015 through September 2016, when they were fired for rebuffing the Columbia-educated doctor's sexual advances, their Manhattan Supreme Court suit claims.
Last winter, Jones, 48, told Loring, 31, they should “stay away from using handcuffs” and tell their husband “to stop being so rough with you when you're having sex' after they stretched their wrists at their keyboard, their suit alleges.
“On another occasion in the spring of 2016…Dr. Jones came up from behind Ms. Loring and placed both of their hands on their shoulders and held onto their shoulders for a prolonged period of time, making Ms. Loring feel extremely uncomfortable,” according to court papers.
Loring was required to work at Jones' home office where they drunkenly “insinuated that they wanted to have sexual intercourse with her,” the suit says.
And when they asked them to pick them up from a Newark, New Jersey train station in the early fall of 2015, the suit alleges, “Dr. Jones appeared to be intoxicated and stated to Ms. Loring that they ‘should sit in the back seat because I might do something I shouldn't if I'm too close to you.'”
After Loring turned down the married doctor, they allegedly called them a “f—ing cracker” and fired them
 They are suing for unspecified damages claiming the sexual harassment caused anxiety, loss of sleep and stomach issues.
Them attorney, Steven Mintz, said, “This type of conduct is despicable and should never occur in someone's home or workplace.”
The father of two has appeared on the “Today” show and is the subject of an upcoming reality show on Black Entertainment Television called, “We are the Joneses.” Their wife is Emmy Award-winning TV journalist Cathleen Trigg-Jones.
The Westchester County resident sponsored a competition to crown New York's best butt in 2015 when 68 women competed for a $2,000 cash prize and a modeling gig.
Their spokesperson did not immediately comment
Looking at the AFC and NFC final standings heading into the 2017 NFL Playoffs
After 17 weeks that began in September, the 2016 NFL regular season has come to a close. With the Green Bay Packers defeating the Detroit Lions on Sunday Night Football, the field for the 2017 NFL Playoffs is set. Now it's time to get into postseason action—for 12 teams at least.
However, it's always interesting to reflect on how the league as a whole—not just the teams in the NFL Playoffs—stacked up against one another. Obviously the seeding of division winners affects standings a bit, but it's always intriguing to see just how close some teams came.
The asupervisorstioned Lions are at the heart of a great example of that. The Washington Redskins lost and Tampa Bay Buccaneers won in Week 17, but could have made it into the playoffs had things played out differently either in their own games or elsewhere in the NFL. All that is to say that the race in the NFC was quite close.
Let's take a look at the final standings for the 2017 NFL Playoffs and overall after the regular season, starting with the AFC (Playoff teams in bold):
AFC
More from NFL Spin Zone
1. New England Patriots / 14-2
2. Kansas City Chiefs / 12-4
3. Pittsburgh Steelers / 11-5
4. Houston Texans / 9-7
5. Oakland Raiders / 12-4
6. Miami Dolphins / 10-6
7. Tennessee Titans / 9-7
8. Denver Broncos / 9-7
9. Baltimore Ravens / 8-8
10. Indianapolis Colts / 8-8
11. Buffalo Bills / 7-9
12. Cincinnati Bengals / 6-9-1
13. New York Jets / 5-11
14. San Diego Chargers / 5-11
15. Jacksonville Jaguars / 3-13
16. Cleveland Browns / 1-5
It's no shocker that the Patriots were able to secure the No. 1 overall seed, especially when it comes to the struggles many teams (the Raiders, specifically) faced coming into Week 17 to end the year. However, you have to feel for a team like the Titans that, had Marcus Mariota not gotten injured, may have been able to come back in Week 16 and then still beat Houston in Week 17. Then you have the Browns and Jaguars sadly sitting at the bottom. But with young talent in Jacksonville and picks galore for Cleveland, the future is at least bright.
NFC
1. Dallas Cowboys / 13-3
2. Atlanta Falcons / 11-5
3. Seattle Seahawks / 10-5-1
4. Green Bay Packers / 10-6
5. New York Giants / 11-5
6. Detroit Lions / 9-7
7. Tampa Bay Buccaneers / 9-7
8. Washington Redskins / 8-7-1
9. Minnesota Vikings / 8-8
10. Arizona Cardinals / 7-8-1
11. New Orleans Saints / 7-9
12. Philadelphia Eagles / 7-9
13. Carolina Panthers / 6-10
14. Los Angeles Rams / 4-12
15. Chicago Bears / 3-13
16. San Francisco 49ers / 2-14
Clearly there are some lackluster teams at the bottom of the conference when it comes to the NFC. But when you talk about hot teams coming into the 2017 NFL Playoffs, it's hard to top what they offer. The Packers, off their NFC North win, are coming into the postseason as the hottest team in football. Then you have probably the second hottest with the Giants. And that doesn't even take into account teams like the Falcons and Seahawks (and even the Lions) that we know are dangerous. At the top, though, remains the rookie-led Cowboys. If there's a bigger question than if the youngsters can keep it up in the playoffs or not, I'd love to hear it.
So that's the way the 2016 NFL season played out with the final standings in each conference as we head into the playoffs. There's no more jostling for position or gruelingly long days of NFL action. Now it's time for postseason football and the road to Super Bowl 51. Yeah, I can't wait either.
This article originally appeared on
TV One is preparing a new biopic about Bobbi Kristina Brown, and their father, Bobby Brown, is not happy about it.
Apparently, they didn't know about the biopic, with The Jasmine Brand reporting a source as saying, “The rights were sold to the biopic before they had any knowledge of it. They were blindsided.” However, the source added, “TV One doesn't have to clear anything through him.”
Demetria McKinney is reportedly set to play Whitney Houston for the biopic and will be singing their songs as well, as TV One was unable to secure the rights to Houston's music for the biopic.
READ MORE: TheGrio.com
Article Courtesy of The Grio
Picture Courtesy of Ron Galella, Ltd. and Getty Images
by Cascade Policy Institute
By Eric Fruits, Ph.D.
Despite an eight percent increase in general fund revenues, Governor Kate Brown and some lawmakers say the State of Oregon is facing a $1.7 billion budget shortfall in the 2017-19 biennium. In their inaugural address, the governor blames more than $1 billion of the shortfall on the state's choice to expand Medicaid and other taxpayer-funded insurance. The Census Bureau estimates that about one in four Oregonians are in the state's Medicaid program.
In addition to the expansion provided by the Affordable Care Act, the governor seeks new state money to expand single-payer public insurance to those who are not “lawfully present” in the United States, under a program called Cover All Kids.
Although the federal government pays a large portion of the costs of Medicaid expansion, the state's share of the costs is growing under the ACA. The huge costs of Medicaid mean even a small increase in Oregon's share has big impacts on the state's budget. State Senator Elizabeth Steiner Hayward, incoming co-chair of the Ways and Means Committee for Human Services indicates that about one-third of the deficit at the Oregon Health Authority comes from what they called a “minuscule” reduction in the federal match. This deficit is certain to grow as federal support for expansion shrinks over time, as outlined in the ACA.
The state has massively underestimated the costs of Medicaid expansion in Oregon. A 2013 report prepared for the state estimated that the Medicaid expansion would cost Oregon's general fund $217 million in the upcoming 2017-19 biennium. Janelle Evans, budget director for the Oregon Health Authority, now estimates a cost to the state's general fund of at least $353 million. For the federal government, the cost of Oregon's Medicaid expansion will cost more than $3.5 billion over the next two years.
Oregon simply cannot afford the ACA's Medicaid expansion and Governor Brown's expensive new entitlement. Nationally, expansion costs and enrollment have grown much faster than projected. Previous expansions of the Medicaid program have resulted in crowding out, the process by which taxpayer funded Medicaid replaces private health insurance. These earlier expansions have seen crowd-out rates ranging from 15 percent to 50 percent, depending on the type of expansion. Not only does the expansion crowd out private insurance, government spending on the expansion crowds out funding for other state and national priorities, such as education, infrastructure, and defense.
In Congress, repeal of much of the ACA is imminent. Oregon Congressman Greg Walden, incoming chairperson of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, is working on a timeline for repealing major provisions of the health care law, including the expansion of Medicaid. In the absence of repeal, Congress should consider an enrollment freeze approach. A freeze would halt new enrollment while allowing current enrollees to stay in the program until their incomes climb above eligibility limits. It would be an intermediate step towards repeal with immediate benefits for taxpayers and current enrollees.
However repeal of the ACA rolls out, Oregon's congressional delegation should be at the forefront of ending the Medicaid expansion as soon as possible. While Congress works through the details, Oregon can take steps in the upcoming legislative session to protect the state's fragile finances. One first step would be to opt out of the ACA's Medicaid expansion and reject Governor Brown's proposal to expand coverage even further. As noted in the governor's inaugural address, the state's choice to expand Medicaid is the single largest source of the impending budget deficit. Rejecting the health care law's expansion is the clearest path to fiscal solvency and financial responsibility.
Eric Fruits, Ph.D. is president and chief economist at Economics International Corp., an Oregon based consulting firm specializing in economics, finance, and statistics.  They are also an adjunct professor of economics at Portland State University, an Academic Advisor to Cascade Policy Institute, and author of Cascade's report, The Oregon Health Plan: A “Bold Experiment” That Failed. This article originally appeared in The Oregonian on January 27, 2017.
It may be time to tip your Uber driver — whether you want to or not.
The New York Taxi and Limousine Commission announced Monday that credit card-based car companies such as Uber should offer a tipping option within the company's app. The Independent Drivers Guild, a union which represents 50,000 ride-hailing drivers in New York City, delivered a petition with 11,000 signatures and estimated that all this extra tipping for car-ride apps would generate an additional $300 million a year in tips in New York City alone.
Last year, Uber settled two class-action labor disputes covering 385,000 drivers in California and Massachusetts that allowed Uber to continue classifying drivers as contractors rather than employees. As part of that agreement, it also agreed that drivers could alert customers that tipping is not included and drivers who want to be tipped could say that. But it did not make in-app tipping standard and other research suggest that most people would rather not tip their Uber driver.
The New York move suggests that car-ride services are unlikely to remain free from digital tipping. A spokesperson for Uber said the company hasn't seen the New York Taxi and Limousine Commission tipping proposal, but will review it. “Uber is always striving to offer the best earning opportunity for drivers,” they said. A spokesperson for rival car-ride service Lyft added, “We've always known that offering in-app tipping is the right thing to do, which is why we've offered it since our earliest days.”
More companies like Seamless and Grubhub GRUB, -2.03% tipping on their apps to make it easier for customers to part with their money. And this study shows that when people are presented with three tip choices — 20%, 25% or 30%, for example — they're more likely to choose the middle option even if it's more than the traditional 20%, according to one analysis of 13 million New York City taxi rides by the University of Chicago's Booth School of Business.
Don't miss: Is the $1 tip dead?
Consumers like to avoid social anxiety and guilt. There's a hefty body of academic research — like this Journal of Marketing Research study, “The Effect of Forced Choice on Choice,” by two professors of marketing at Yale University and Stanford University — show the middle option as a “compromise” for consumers. It “provides an alternative way of resolving difficult choices that is not available when subjects are forced to choose,” the study found.
But a study released in 2015 found that at least some consumers are losing patience with digital tipping. Some 29% of respondents say they would actually be more likely to leave a tip if they were presented with a “no tip” button to allow them to opt out, the study by Software Advice, which helps businesses choose software, found. That said, other respondents still tip what they want regardless of suggested tip amounts or the presence of a “no tip” option.
And the nearer you are to the tippee, whether it's a barista or an Uber driver, the more like you are to tip. While digital tipping has yet to go mainstream outside of cafes and taxis, American consumers are more likely to touch-type a tip if the staff member is standing (or sitting) expectantly nearby. Some 41% of respondents say close proximity to the server/cashier while entering a tip amount would make them more likely to tip, the 2015 Software Advice study found.
There are advantages to digital tipping over regular tipping (or even no tipping). It relieves customers of the pressures of doing the math on a tip — especially in front of others — and helps them avoid what psychologists call the “pain of paying” when they don't have to rifle through their wallet to leave a cash tip, says Nir Eyal, author of “Hooked: How to Build Habit-Forming Products” and a researcher on consumer behaviors. Uber customers, meanwhile, face the pain of whether to tip.
Wall Street's top regulator on Friday dropped its civil case against two JPMorgan Chase traders who attempted to hide the infamous $6.2 billion “London Whale” trading loss.
The Securities and Exchange Commission decided to stop pursuing charges against Javier Martin-Artajo and Julien Grout after a third trader, a witness in the case, recently changed their story.
The unexpected twist forced prosecutors to drop their criminal case against Martin-Artajo and Grout. The third trader laid more of the blame on JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon.
Bruno Iksil, aka The London Whale, a London-based trader, had borne the brunt of most of the super-size losing trades, which earned them the scornful nickname.
The bank was essentially on the wrong end of a complicated debt investment.
Iksil's testimony — and subsequent public comments — led to the Justice Department dropping its criminal case against Martin-Artajo and Grout last month.
A JPMorgan spokesperson declined to comment.
A longtime Mets enemy is amazed at how Matt Harvey looks LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — Bobby Cox is in the Hall of Fame because they managed three Halls of Fame pitchers in Atlanta aces Greg Maddux, Tom Glavine and John...
Braves want 'cocky' top prospect to wear their hat straight Braves uber prospect Ronald Acuna is set to become the next big thing in baseball — but it has to be done the Braves way. Despite being ranked among baseball's...
What Mets' NL East rivals have been up to this offseason Here's an in-depth breakdown of the Mets' NL East rivals: Braves Manager: Brian Snitker (second season) Spring training site: Orlando, Fla. Biggest additions: Brandon McCarthy and Scott Kazmir were picked...
Chipper Jones' secret to destroying the Mets Among the reasons Chipper Jones became a first-ballot Hall of Famer on Wednesday was what they did against the Mets — especially in Queens. “I really enjoyed playing on that...
The international studs Yankees could sign with Ohtani money free The Yankees now know they will not land Shohei Ohtani, but Brian Cashman vowed that the $3.5 million in international pool dollars they had earmarked for the best player in...
MLB drops hammer on Braves' scandal: prospect loss, lifetime ban One of the top prospects in baseball is suddenly a free agent, the biggest hammer to drop from sweeping punishments against the Braves for improper behavior while signing amateur talent,...
Yankees exec looks a bit safer as Braves land ex-Blue Jays GM ORLANDO, Fla. — Former Blue Jays general manager Alex Anthopoulos is going to be named the Braves GM, The Post has learned. Atlanta could make the announcement official at...
Explaining Eric Hosmer to the Red Sox and 29 other free-agent decisions Free agency is upon us, and I'd be surprised if we got through next week's general managers' and owners' meetings without some significant signings. After what transpired last January —...
The Giants need to come to Yankees' Derek Jeter realization Executives in charge of personnel in any sport essentially have one mandate: that every move should edge the team closer to contending for a championship. That could be immediate steps...
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) – On April 9 someone shot three teens that were injured in a drive-by shooting near the Indiana Statehouse.
Just two nights ago, police arrested 25-year-old Christopher Ruffi for shooting four people inside a parking garage.
IMPD will have a more visible presence, the Marion County Sheriff's Department will help with enforcement, police will also monitor security cameras in the downtown area.
Rev. Charles Harrison, with the Ten Point Coalition, adds there are several groups in the city that can help curb violence downtown.
“You have to get community groups involved, groups that come down there patrol downtown and work closely with IMPD,” said Harrison.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
VICE Looks At How The Crisis Actor Conspiracy Movement Became So Popular [Video]
Parkland, Sandy Hook, Sutherland Springs – those three names will forever be associated with deadly mass shootings.
Except, of course, if you watch the likes of Alex Jones and you're a fan of digging around on far-right conspiracy theory sites.
That used to be where you would find people talking about false flags – a covert and deceptive operation to create the appearance of a particular party or group being responsible for some activity – and crisis actors.
You know, crisis actors like David Hogg, who some nutters want you to believe is a hired actor working to further the anti-gun agenda.
In the old days you would find such conspiracy theories tucked away in the internet's far-flung corners, but now they're everywhere.
Heck, Donald Trump Jr. even likes such theories via their Twitter account, because anything's better than facing the reality that your father is a horrible human being.
So how have these theories become so mainstream? VICE decided to take a closer look:
Over the past 10 years, a growing online community of conspiracy theorists and hoaxers known as “truthers” has come to question the official narratives behind every mass shooting that is heavily covered by the media. A common thread in these theories is the government's role in staging the tragedy with the help of mainstream news, in order to manipulate the general population. In this continuously recycled narrative, the death and destruction of the tragic event is faked, and victims and their families are “crisis actors,” who are performing a role in order to elicit sympathy that can then be used to advocate for new gun laws, or anti-terror surveillance that restricts Americans' freedom. The commitment to these narratives has escalated to the point where victims are frequently harassed, mocked, and even threatened in retaliation for their supposed deception.
They spoke with some of these conspiracy theory fans, and those who help spread them across social media, and some of their footage is actually quite tough to watch.
Imagine standing in front of a father, whose daughter was murdered whilst at school, and telling them that their daughter dying was a political hoax?
There would be hell to pay, but perhaps you should just get stuck in yourself. A warning that there is some video from inside school shootings, and also some choice language:
It blows my mind that some people can have so little compassion, but then again we see that in action on the daily.
Now you know why an elected leader screaming fake news about everything they don't like, and the mistrust that sows, is so dangerous to a functioning democracy.
[source:youtube]
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK (AP) — Bobby Knight. Don King. Sylvester Stallone.
Many of President-elect Donald Trump's cultural touchstones, which he'd frequently name-drop at campaign rallies and on Twitter, were at their peak in the 1980s — the decade Trump's celebrity status rose in New York, Trump Tower was built, “The Art of the Deal” was published and they first flirted with running for public office.
Related Articles Trump still not sold on Russian link to hacking, says ‘no computer is safe'
Grand Old Party? Donald Trump remaking GOP in their image
Best of California cartoons 2016
Mormon Tabernacle Choir singer quits over Trump inaugural
Trump's impact and other tech predictions for 2017 The “Go Go 1980s” of New York were spurred by Wall Street's rise. It was a brash decade in which excess was the norm and ostentatious displays of wealth and power were celebrated in pop culture and among Manhattan's elite. And while much of what defined the 1980s has since gone out of style, Trump has seemingly internalized its ethos, which is reflected in the decor of the Trump Tower lobby and the celebrities they stood alongside during the campaign.
An outer-borough New York developer trying to prove themselves across the East River, Trump always sought approval of Manhattan's ruling class and was eager to make a name for himself, according to those who tangled with them during that formative decade.
“He would relentlessly promote themselves in the newspapers or on TV. They knew how to get press and squash their enemies,” said Geoge Arzt, press secretary for former New York City Mayor Ed Koch, who served from 1978 to 1989. The me-first attitude that defined the 1980s “has long been a part of who Trump is,” Arzt added.
In the 1980s, as Trump came of age as a public figure, they opened up a refurbished Grand Hyatt on 42nd Street, took over the long-stalled renovation of Central Park's ice skating rink and purchased the New York-area team in the fledgling United States Football League.
They fashioned themselves into a regular in the gossip pages, playing the city's tabloids off each other as they promoted their personal brand. They also took their first steps onto the national media stage, making their debut on “60 Minutes” in 1985. The long-running news magazine broadcast has continued to hold a special place in their heart. Several times at rallies, Trump invoked a “60 Minutes” segment they had just watched and they gave their first post-election interview to the show last month. That show was at its apex in the ratings in the 1980s.
Time Magazine, which also wielded significant clout in the 1980s, also has remained an obsession for Trump.
The celebrity business person, who complained in recent years that they aren't named the magazine's Person of the Year, received the award in 2016. They called it a “very, very great honor.” That marked their eighth time on the cover this year alone — something that Trump would brag about during campaign rallies. They have taken to giving out autographed copies of the cover to visitors, including rapper Kanye West.
But while West is a current megastar, Trump mostly chose to trot out 1980s celebrities during their campaign, even if many of them had seen their star fade in the ensuing 30 years.
Knight, the former Indiana University basketball coach who captured college basketball national titles in 1981 and 1987 but was later fired for attacking a student, became a favorite sidekick. They first appeared with Trump during the spring's Indiana primary and reappeared at rallies in the Midwest during the general election stretch run.
“One of the reasons I won: Bobby Knight! That's the gold standard, right?” Trump exclaimed in August.
King, the flamboyant boxing promoter who hyped Mike Tyson's 1980s fights, was also saluted by Trump as “a phenomenal person” despite a conviction for manslaughter. King appeared with Trump in September at a Cleveland church and stood with the president-elect last week while Trump was answering questions from the press at their Palm Beach resort.
Trump has been drawn to other 1980s stars. Tyson endorsed the celebrity business person. Actor Scott Baio, an outspoken Trump supporter, reached the zenith of their fame in the 1980s with the shows “Happy Days” and “Charles in Charge.” And on Saturday, actor Sylvester Stallone — who starred in three “Rambo” movies and two “Rocky” sequels in the 1980s — was a star guest at Trump's New Year's Eve bash at Mar-a-Lago, the lush Florida estate Trump bought in 1985 two years after they opened Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue in New York.
Much of Trump's political philosophy was formed in the 1980s too. In 1987 as they first floated running for president, they took out a full page ad wondering why the U.S. was “paying to defend countries that can afford to defend themselves.” Their frequent depictions of inner cities as dangerous and crime-ridden seem to to harken to the crack-plagued life of urban areas in the 1980s, more than the largely safer big cities of today.
In “The Art of the Deal,” they voiced positions on trade they still hold today. That book, which made them a household name when it was published in 1987, also holds many of the principles that guided Trump's business career — and, decades later, their bombastic campaign for the White House.
“I play into people's fantasies,” they wrote. “People may not always think big themselves, but they can still get very excited by those who do. That's why a little hyperbole never hurts. People want to believe that something is the biggest and the greatest and the most spectacular.”
BERLIN — German police say the pilot of a passenger jet destined for Zurich made an unscheduled stop at Stuttgart airport because a Swiss passenger become aggressive after being denied champagne.
Reutlingen police say crew members were unable to calm the 44-year-old business class passenger, who was angered by their refusal to serve them more sparkling wine on the flight from Moscow late Saturday.
Police said in a statement Sunday that the woman, who wasn't named, was escorted off the Airbus A320 and ordered to pay a security of 5,000 euros ($5,871).
They said the 43 passengers on board were never in danger, but the total cost involved in the unplanned stopover likely amounted to several tens of thousands of euros.
12/11/17 – 5:03 A.M.
A Sunday fire took the lives of two people in Hancock County. The Hancock County Sheriff's Office says firefighters responded to a home at 15043 County Road 26 around 2 a.m.
Firefighters found two bodies in the home after they extinguished the flames. The sheriff's office has not identified the bodies yet. The State Fire Marshall's Office is helping with the investigation.
The Hancock County Auditor's website says Elizabeth Wilkins owns the mobile home.
The NHL's annual outdoor Winter Classic will be held at Busch Stadium in St. Louis this year and could be seriously affected by a storm moving into the area. If the conditions become too harsh to play in, there's an absolutely ridiculous outcome on the table for the Blues and Blackhawks.
At least two periods need to be played for the contest to count as an official game. If two periods haven't been played, the game will be postponed and the teams will attempt to play at Busch on Tuesday. If that's not possible, the game will be rescheduled for a later date at Scottrade Center in St. Louis.
But here's where things get interesting. If inclement weather causes a permanent stoppage after two periods, then whichever team is winning will be awarded the victory and the two points that go with it. However, if the game is tied, then both team will earn a point and then the game will be decided via shootout. If the conditions make it impossible to hold the shootout at Busch, it will be held prior to the Blackhawks-Blues game at the United Center on February 26. That's a shootout held almost two full months later to find a winner.
Though the chances of that happening seem quite slim, it would still be an incredibly bizarre (and, frankly, embarrassing) outcome for one of the NHL's marquee games on the regular season schedule.
Gwyneth Paltrow, actor, health enthusiast and Goop entrepreneur, is now expanding on their blow-dry bar career. Paltrow and their longtime stylist David Babaii are partnering with Blo Blow Dry Bar,...
A garden has been opened at Keir Hardie Primary, Newarthill, in memory of pupil Heather Hunter who died last August at the age of nine after battling heart problems for three years.
Heather's family paid for a memorial bench at Carfin Grotto and the school wished to make its own lasting tribute.
Fundraisers were held before the summer holidays in order to facilitate landscaping an area of the playground.
Heather's mum Michelle, dad Andrew and brother Archie, who attends the school, were joined by pupils and staff at the opening of the garden.
Amazon Macie discovers and classifies sensitive data in S3 and automatically alerts to unusual activity and exposures
AWS launched Amazon Macie today, a service that leverages machine learning to help customers prevent inadvertent exposure of sensitive data and unauthorized access to data in Amazon S3. The company said Amazon Macie will support additional AWS storage services later this year.
Inside the company's S3 (Simple Cloud Storage Service) platform, Amazon Macie will use natural language processing to discover and classify sensitive data, looking at factors such as personally identifiable information, private keys, and credit card information. The Macie service will also continuously monitor data access for unusual activity. Anomalies will trigger alerts to a customer's security team, Matt Wood, general manager of artificial intelligence at AWS, said.
Macie will help users understand other risks associated with data as well, providing automatic alerts when customers may have accidentally made sensitive data externally accessible or stored credentials in an unsecure manner. In addition to analyzing data to understand historical patterns of user authentications, access locations, and times of access, and discovering and classifying sensitive data, Amazon Macie provides a dashboard for tracking user activity and monitoring data security.
The Macie console also allows you to define automated remediation actions such as resetting access control lists or requiring password resets.
Amazon Web Services today also revealed a number of improvements to other services:
The launch of AWS Migration Hub, to track migrations of applications from data centers to AWS. A collection of AWS and partner migration tools is featured.
Encryption of data at rest in AWS in Amazon Elastic File system, with users able to select a key to encrypt content of files. This feature is available now in regions where EFS is supported.
A complete rewrite of CloudHSM (hardware security module), for meeting security and compliance requirements for sensitive data. CloudHSM is now a scalable, managed service with provisioning, patching, high availability, and backups now built-in. The service also is now offered on a pay-as-you-go basis with no upfront fees. Support for FIPS 142-2 Level 3 is featured, with security mechanisms designed to detect and respond to physical attempts to access or modify the HSM.
Rules are being added to the AWS Config service for evaluating AWS configurations. The new rules help with securing S3 buckets. These include rules for identifying buckets that allow global read and/or write access.
AWS CloudTrail, a governance, compliance, and auditing service for AWS accounts, is now enabled by default for all customers, providing visibility into the last seven days of account activity. Users do not need to configure the service.
AWS Glue, an extract, transformation, and load (ETL) service in the Amazon cloud, is now generally available. The “serverless” service saves users from having to provision or manage resources; they pay only for resources used when Glue is running.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Image copyright IoM police Image caption Matthew McSevney was described as "total family man" and an "experienced cyclist"
A teenage gymnast has been handed a suspended prison sentence after admitting causing the death of a cyclist while driving.
Matthew McSevney was struck near the old quarry entrance in Poortown Road, St John's, on 5 October 2017.
Emily Dale-Beeton, 19, of Pevril Avenue, Peel, previously pleaded guilty to causing death by careless or inconsiderate driving.
They were sentenced to an eight-month jail term, suspended for two years.
Image copyright Google Image caption The crash happened on the Poortown road, near Peel
Douglas Court House heard the teenager, who has represented the island at several national competitions, had been a qualified driver for only three weeks when father-of-two Mr McSevney was killed.
They had been driving towards Douglas to attend college, with their sister as a passenger.
The court heard they had been travelling at about 30mph (48km/h) and had not seen the 43-year-old because of a "low-lying and very bright" sun.
The project manager and "total family man", also from Peel, suffered multiple injuries and later died in hospital.
Dale-Beeton's defence barrister Peter Russell said it had been "a case of momentary inattention and hazardous weather conditions" and "the consequences couldn't have been worse".
In a statement read to the court, Mr McSevney's wife Rebecca said their husband had been an experienced cyclist who "loved the outdoors".
"I became a single parent overnight and now the simplest of every day things are a constant reminder that my husband is no longer here," they continued.
"I live in constant fear about the future."
Dale-Beeton, who was the youngest competitor at the 2011 Commonwealth Youth Games, was also disqualified from driving for three years.
One hand clapping does not make a sound.
One hand catching, though, can be deafening — especially when it is Odell Beckham Jr. causing the commotion.
Ever since Beckham's catch-heard-'round the-world as a rookie against the Cowboys, the words “Beckham catch'' are generally followed by “gone viral.'' They were at it again Monday, much to the delight and amazement of the fans on hand, although their head coach prefers substance to style.
During one-on-one drills, Beckham was matched with Janoris Jenkins, and it turned out to be no match at all. Eli Manning tossed a lob and Beckham was unable to gain a step on Jenkins. No matter. Beckham faced up on Jenkins, leaped and gave a slight push off with their right arm. While in the air, Beckham's left leg bent at the knee, their left arm dangled out to the side. Beckham swung their right arm around and snatched the ball out of the air, securing it on the way down. There was nothing Jenkins could do about it.
If misery enjoys company, Jenkins might have commiserated with Eli Apple, who on Sunday was posterized by a Beckham one-handed catch that was equally spectacular.
“I don't know what happened, I just kinda clicked out,'' Beckham said. “I'm in a different place right now. They threw the ball and I was like, ‘I've seen this before.' It felt like it was like a dream, you know what I mean?''
There is no degree-of-difficulty bonus when Beckham does something wondrous to secure the ball. And Ben McAdoo certainly does not give out style points.
“I like two hands on the ball better than one,'' they said, when asked about Beckham's sleight-of-hand tricks. “I like completions better than incompletions.''
Of course. Beckham has heard it all before.
“You're supposed to catch the ball with two hands, obviously,'' Beckham said, chuckling. “I know that as well. Sometimes it just happens, If you catch it, hey, great play. But they'll definitely sit there and be like ‘Use two hands.'''
Beckham joked that after they delighted Sunday's big crowd with the one-hand snatch on Apple, they purposely jogged slowly back to the line of scrimmage.
see also Odell Beckham won't stop making ridiculous catches Remember when Odell Beckham Jr. was a no-show for the...
“That way [the coaches] maybe forget about it and go to the next play,'' they said. “Yeah, I'm not trying to teach the kids out here to use one hand, I was taught growing up to use two hands.''
At times, using one hand can give a receiver a distinct advantage, especially if they can ward off the defensive back with the other arm. McAdoo had an answer for that as well: There is an increased chance the receiver gets called for a penalty if they rip their off-hand free from the cornerback.
True, says Beckham, to a point.
“That's really what you're doing when you're fending them off with this arm you're trying to keep them away in a space,'' Beckham said. “But with that being said, there's been a lot of times in the past three years I didn't necessarily make the play, because I'm trying to fight off a defender. And not so much you're trying to fight them off anymore, just go get the ball, let them make the play on you.
“It's really crazy, you're running these deep routes, or any time the ball is coming to you, it's a split second of decisions that can last a lifetime. I'm just working on catching everything that comes my way, make sure I don't have any mental errors, mistakes, just be the best I can be.''
One hand, two hands, whatever it takes.
“Get the job done, that's just where I'm at, just get the job done, however you can,'' they said. “If I got to fight, scrap for it, whatever I got to do to come up with it, it's just got to be mine. There's no other way to put it.''
On a day when they (again) wowed those on the scene, Beckham made it as clear as possible what they are in this for.
They were asked how they will feel if, with all the offensive weapons and options around him, their statistics take a dip this season.
“See that banner? That's all I care about,'' Beckham said, nodding to the Super Bowl signage inside the team's field house. “Honestly there's one, two, three four in here, I don't know where they'll put the fifth one, but they're gonna have to make room, because we need it.''
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- It has been nearly five months since a massive fire burned a historic church near Truman and Troost. On Sunday, the congregation came together for a special Easter service.
The congregation met at their temporary new location in Neiman Elementary School in Shawnee.
"We brought in some screens and some different things just make it a little different. And being a gymnasium like this is challenging but it's been good," said John Crane, the Senior Pastor at Evangelistic Center Church.
Pastor Crane is a third generation pastor and grew up spending Easter at Evangelistic Center Church. They said the community has really come together to support the church since the fire in November.
"I just believe in this process, as difficult as it has been, that there is a greater purpose in it and we are going to find that out as we seek it," said Crane.
Easter last year was spent in the historic church built more than 50 years ago on Troost and Truman.
Crane said they are now actively looking at different properties and pursuing new locations. They hope to be out of the temporary location by next Easter.
Wallaceburg's Austin Medd enjoys the Wallaceburg splash pad located at Colwell Park on Running Creek Drive on Sunday, August 13.
The splash pad opened on the weekend after a couple years of fundraising and planning. The grand opening of the splash pad is scheduled for Aug. 19 at 12:30 p.m.
Due to the new grass around the splash pad, organizers are asking people to use the pathways to the splashpad and stay off the new grass for now.
Homs, SANA-An army unit destroyed a gathering for ISIS terrorists to the east of the Fourth station in west Tadmur (Palmyra), killing tens of them and destroying a number of their vehicles, a military source told SANA on Monday.
Earlier, an army unit bombarded Jabhat al-Nusra terrorists' gathering in the village of Um Sharshouh, about 18km north of Homs city in the countryside of Homs province, SANA reporter in the province said.
The source added that a number of terrorists were killed and injured. Terrorists Mustafa Ghaleb al-Ahdab, the leader of the so-called the Mortar Brigade in Jabhat al-Nusra terrorist organization, Mohammad Ali Efarah and Mohammad al-Sheikh Mustafa were among the killed terrorists.
Two mortar launchers and a machinegun-equipped SUV were destroyed .
The three suspects were caught on surveillance video wheeling a shopping cart through the store.
Anyone who can identify the suspects or has any additional information should contact Lebanon police Detective Jeremy Johnson at 615-453-4337 or johnsonj@lebanontn.org.
About
Joaquin Homs, is a recognized architect based in Guadalajara. Their portfolio specializes in interior design and furniture. With more than 500 proj… Read More
Joaquin Homs, is a recognized architect based in Guadalajara. Their portfolio specializes in interior design and furniture. With more than 500 projects for the hotel industry and entertainment around the world. The design identity was based on an exercise of contrast and typographic hierarchy. The identity represents the diversity of work Joaquin offers through out the brand behavior of a neutral and timeless design. The typography for the logotype was custom made for Joaquin Homs, with the intention of strongly positioning their name in the industry as well as make reference to the fashion industry. With the main objective of representing an architecture studio as a fashion design house. The color palette is neutral, leaving space for the creativity in Homs portfolio to stand out. Some detail was added in holographic and metallic so that identity can stand out with a touch of contemporary resembling their artwork. Read Less
Published:
05/30/18 – 1:08 P.M.
Hurricane Alberto is heading our way from the Gulf of Mexico and it's bringing some heavy rains.Media Partner WTOL-11 meteorologist Ellyn Fritz explained that storms are expected in our area starting this afternoon.
Ellyn Fritz
Fritz added that these storms have the potential to bring localized heavy soaking rains.
Ellyn Fritz
They added that these storms will fit the conditions for a minor tornado threat, though it isn't likely.
Despite the storms, the Blanchard River is not predicted to flood. We'll continue to monitor the situation and keep you up to date on any changes.
Get the Better newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
#SpringBreak isn't just for college students. Last year, almost 8 in 10 U.S. adults said they planned to head off for some pleasure travel come spring. Fun, but pricey — particularly as worldwide passenger demand for air travel rose more than 7 percent last year. So how do you get the vacation you want and a price you can afford?
Flip the planning process on its head, says Scott Keyes, founder of Scott's Cheap Flights, a website and email newsletter. When it comes to vacation planning, most people think: 1) Where do I want to go? 2) When do I want to go? 3) What are prices like? That makes price your last priority, so it's no wonder many people get stuck eating up a huge share of their budget on airfare alone. Flipping the process — booking inexpensive flights first, then forging ahead to finalize the other details of your trip — requires a somewhat open mind about where you want to go and a willingness to act a little impulsively. But it can pay off big time. Here are three things you need to do.
Being open to smaller regional airports can be a boon, since some smaller carriers are adding new fares and routes consistently. Being open to smaller regional airports can be a boon, since some smaller carriers are adding new fares and routes consistently.
1. Master the search
Deal newsletters like Secret Flying, The Flight Deal and HolidayPirates can give you a general lay of the land. But mastering the search process is imperative. The best tool for this? Google Flights, hands down, says Emily McNutt, news editor at The Points Guy. Begin with Google Flights's map tool, which allows users to virtually move around and compare flight prices in destinations all over the world. Google Flights also allows you to put in five origin airports and five destination airports, then compare the cheapest possible price for any of those 25 routes for any given date. Being open to smaller regional airports can be a boon, since some smaller carriers are adding new fares and routes consistently. (For example, McNutt searched for a flight from John F. Kennedy International Airport to London and found one for $379 round-trip, but when they looked at Stewart International Airport (about 60 miles north of Manhattan), they found a flight to Dublin for $250 round-trip. Then, they could take a local flight from Dublin to London for about $50, saving about $80 total.)
2. Book now for April or May
Close to half of employees plan their vacation less than six weeks out, according to a report from Project: Time Off. If you plan to travel in April or May, now is the time to go ahead and book. Don't procrastinate hoping for a last minute standby fare, says Keyes — “those don't really exist anymore.” Airlines have about 13 years of digital history on everyone, and “inside 30 days, the airlines know exactly how you're going to react,” says Rick Seaney, co-founder and CEO of FareCompare.com, a website comparing flight prices. Typically, airlines have planned price hikes that usually correspond to 30 days out, 21 days out, 14 days out, seven days out, three days out and a walkup fare, and each is progressively more expensive, says Seaney. One way to save is to play around with your dates. During that peak spring break time, departing on a Tuesday instead of Friday could save you 20 percent. And if you shift your dates by a week or so to avoid that 13-day spring break window, you could save 25 percent on your ticket, says Liana Corwin, travel expert at Hopper. (And for next spring or the coming summer, try to start even a little earlier.)
A federal judge in Las Vegas on Friday will consider a motion to delay the start of next week's high profile trial of Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy and their militia associates.
In two motions filed by one of the defendants in the 2014 Bunkerville armed standoff this week, the court-appointed attorneys for militia sympathizer Ryan Payne argue that the trial should be delayed in light of Sunday's shooting rampage in Las Vegas at a country music concert that left 59 dead and almost 500 injured. They write: "It is clear that this unprecedented act of violence will prevent the defendants from having a fair trial in this city one week from now."
The second amendment and gun ownership as a form of protest more broadly has featured prominently in the federal government's cases against Cliven Bundy and the 18 other men accused of leading an armed standoff with federal agents near Bundy's ranch in 2014.
Cliven Bundy has refused to pay more than a million dollars in grazing fees to the federal government because they say they don't recognize the government's ownership of public lands.
Payne, who was present at the standoff and also pleaded guilty for their role in the 2016-armed occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon, is asking Judge Gloria Navarro for a delay until the end of this month or move the trial to Reno. In the motion, their attorneys argue that Sunday's shooting has already prompted a broader discussion about guns "with much negative attention focused on a perceived laxity of gun laws and on persons who choose to bear and carry high-powered firearms, which is legal in Nevada."
Among other things, prosecutors in the upcoming trial will argue that the militia men were brandishing guns during the standoff, posing a clear threat to Bureau of Land Management agents who had come to round up Cliven Bundy's cattle that were grazing illegally. The Bundys and their sympathizers have maintained they were exercising their Second Amendment rights as a form of protest.
Ian Bartrum, law professor at the University of Nevada Las Vegas, says Payne's motion is consistent with the defense strategy in earlier trials about the standoff, and in the Oregon case, relying on jurors who sympathize with the men's attitudes toward the federal government and perceived federal overreach.
"I can't imagine they'd want to pick that jury or go to trial now," Bartrum says.
Even though jurors will be chosen from a broad pool across southern Nevada, it's a good bet that most will hail from the Las Vegas metropolitan area, a community that's still grieving from one of the deadliest mass shootings in American history.
Still, that hasn't seemed to have deterred the most high profile defendant in the case, Cliven Bundy himself, who in a new twist filed an objection to Payne's motion on Wednesday. In a separate court filing, their attorney Bret Whipple writes that Bundy continues to demand a speedy trial: "which has been denied for more than a year." Cliven Bundy was arrested in Oregon in February 2016 and has been detained in Nevada awaiting trial since.
The judge is expected to rule from the bench Friday on whether the trial will be delayed. If it's not, jury selection begins in Las Vegas Tuesday morning.
Longtime Fleetwood Mac members Lindsey Buckingham and Christine McVie are bringing their popular tour to Hard Rock Live at Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino in Hollywood on Nov. 11.
Reserved-seat tickets will cost $155, $95, $80, $55 and $40, going on sale 10 a.m. Friday, Aug. 18, at MyHRL.com and all Ticketmaster outlets, including Ticketmaster.com and by calling 800-745-3000. A venue presale begins 10 a.m. Wednesday via the Hard Rock's Facebook and Twitter pages.
The pair's new string of 22 fall concerts is the latest fruit to come from McVie's decision to rejoin Fleetwood Mac for the group's 2014 “On With the Show” tour. The rekindled chemistry that guitarist Buckingham and keyboardist McVie discovered yielded the Atlantic Records album “Lindsey Buckingham/Christine McVie,” which includes the recently released single “Lay Down for Free.”
The album was recorded at Village Studios in Los Angeles, where Fleetwood Mac recorded several classic albums, including “Tusk.” Buckingham and McVie were joined in the studio by fellow bandmates Mick Fleetwood and John McVie.
In a review of a recent show in Los Angeles, Billboard magazine found the duo in rare form: “It's not often that rock legends depart their comfort zones and pair off for experimentation. But doing the unexpected has been Buckingham's thing for decades, and in this current 19-song show with McVie, there is just enough of it — plus enough of the familiar — to create a truly intriguing evening. … How are they still so terrific at these 50 years into their careers?”
For more information on the tour and the album, visit BuckinghamMcVie.com.
CAPTION Three and a half stars for Kababi Cafe by Kuluck in Sunrise, a Persian restaurant with good food, gracious service and weekend belly-dancing shows. Three and a half stars for Kababi Cafe by Kuluck in Sunrise, a Persian restaurant with good food, gracious service and weekend belly-dancing shows. CAPTION Three and a half stars for Kababi Cafe by Kuluck in Sunrise, a Persian restaurant with good food, gracious service and weekend belly-dancing shows. Three and a half stars for Kababi Cafe by Kuluck in Sunrise, a Persian restaurant with good food, gracious service and weekend belly-dancing shows. CAPTION B Square Burger, Booze and Chops was voted by our readers as the best new restaurant in South Florida in our 2016 Best of South Florida series. B Square Burger, Booze and Chops was voted by our readers as the best new restaurant in South Florida in our 2016 Best of South Florida series. CAPTION Wawa fans, get ready for cheap gas, hoagies and free coffee at grand openings in Davie and Pompano Beach on July 27. Wawa fans, get ready for cheap gas, hoagies and free coffee at grand openings in Davie and Pompano Beach on July 27. CAPTION MOD Pizza is scheduled to open stores in Parkland, Coral Springs and Kendall this year. MOD Pizza is scheduled to open stores in Parkland, Coral Springs and Kendall this year. CAPTION Beaker & Gray serves brunch on weekends from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. The Wynwood restaurant has an eclectic menu, featuring items such as shrimp n' polenta and cheeseburger hash. Beaker & Gray serves brunch on weekends from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. The Wynwood restaurant has an eclectic menu, featuring items such as shrimp n' polenta and cheeseburger hash.
bcrandell@sun-sentinel.com
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined them
1:17 Adam Gase discusses Dolphins loss against the Patriots
0:55 Dolphins' Landry talks loss to New England
1:52 Adam Beasley recaps Dolphins' loss against the Patriots
1:07 Miami Dolphins coach Adam Gase talks about having a healthy team
2:19 Ndamukong Suh talks about the Dolphins' defensive effort against the Cardinals
2:10 Gase: I don't have much experience with Matt Moore
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
INDIO, Calif. – A 36-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of stealing more than 100 cellphones during the Coachella Art and Music Festival, officials said Monday.
Authorities said that several concertgoers noticed their phones were missing and activated their “Find my iPhone” feature, according to the Indio Police Department.
Some victims were able to find and follow the suspect, identified as Reinaldo De Jesus Henao. They were eventually detained by security and arrested by Indio Police officials.
Henao, of New York, allegedly had more than 100 cellphones in their backpack. Several phones were returned to their owners and the remaining ones were turned into lost and found, officials said.
Henao faces grand theft and possession of stolen property charges.
Indio Police advise concertgoers to place their wallets or phones in their front pocket and to use an elastic band around their items to prevent them from sliding out.
Officials also advise those enjoying the festival to consider taking a “dummy wallet” to confuse potential thieves, and to spread valuables instead of keeping them in one place.
Uruguay and Mexico to offer support to entrepreneurs
Montevideo, Feb 14 (EFE).- The Uruguay-Mexico Joint Cooperation Fund unveiled a project Tuesday for supporting entrepreneurs via the creation of a Mexican-tested website open to founders of new businesses.
“With this alliance, we aim to replicate this network strategy to support entrepreneurs, which has a good deal of content that may be useful across Latin America,” Mexican National Entrepreneurship Institute (INADEM) assistant director Carmen Garcia said.
“We're sure this joint strategy will set a precedent for cooperation in supporting entrepreneurial culture, not just in both countries, but in all Latin America,” Garcia said.
Mexico's support network for entrepreneurs includes 40 federal agencies and 72 private sector “partners” providing assistance at all stages of an entrepreneur's project and focusing on small- and mid-sized businesses, the INADEM official said.
The support network offers more than 100 products, services, solutions and processes that entrepreneurs, who create 70 percent of the jobs in Mexico, can access on a digital platform, Garcia said.
Entrepreneurs receive assistance from “the time the business is just an idea” so they “can take that idea on the right path from a formal proposal to trademark registration, funding, web presence, training, human resources, billing and connecting to global chains,” the INADEM official said.
“There are a number of agencies and private institutions providing support to entrepreneurs” in Uruguay, Industry, Energy and Mining Minister Guillermo Moncecchi said, adding that “sometimes, the tools that are available are not well known.”
Felipe Ortiz, deputy director of the Uruguayan Agency for International Cooperation (AUCI), said the project with the Mexican Agency for International Cooperation in Development (AMEXCID) was part of a new “South-South” cooperation effort.
Spice Girls (Photo Credit: PA Images/Sipa USA)
All five members of the 90's girl band, the Spice Girls met up recently to discuss possible projects. The British pop band, along with former manager Simon Fuller met on Friday at Geri “Ginger Spice” Horner's home, located north of London.
Victoria “Posh Spice” Beckham, Melanie “Sporty Spice” Chisholm, Emma “Baby Spice” Bunton, Melanie “Scary Spice” Brown and Horner posted photos on social media of their recent get-together which sparked rumors of the quintet getting back together.
Another photo showed the girls with Fuller.
Spice Girls pictured with their former manager, Simon Fuller in London today! 🇬🇧❤️🎤 #spicegirls #girlpower pic.twitter.com/iO76sxmsiv — Spice Girls (@SpiceGirlsNet) February 2, 2018
The Sun reported the girls were “considering several projects”, including a television talent show, similar to American Idol and The Voice, but ruled out a live tour.
The last time the Spice Girls reunited was during the closing ceremonies of the 2012 London Olympics.
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — Want the world's best, up-close view of a rocket launch without being right there at the pad?
For the first time, cameras will provide live 360-degree video of a rocket heading toward space.
NASA will provide the 360 stream Tuesday as an unmanned Atlas rocket blasts off from Cape Canaveral, Florida, with a capsule full of space station supplies. The stream will begin 10 minutes before the scheduled 11:11 a.m. liftoff and continue until the rocket is out of sight.
The four fisheye-lens cameras are located at the pad, about 300 feet (100 meters) from the rocket. A computer in a blast-proof box will stitch together the images for a full, in-the-round view. There will be about a minute lag time.
It will be shown on NASA's YouTube channel.
The NFL would like to forget the behavior of Johnny Manziel, and it looks like the former Heisman Trophy winner would like to also. According to a report, Manziel has...
A 35-year-old man has been arrested following a disturbance involving three men in the Merkinch area of Inverness.
Police said the incident happened at about 02:00.
Two men, aged 34 and 24, were injured and taken to Raigmore Hospital.
Detectives have urged anyone with information or who saw anything unusual in the Huntly Street and Gilbert Street areas in the early hours of Saturday to contact them.
The Spice Girls reunite for the first time in six years The five will get $14 million each for new projects — with Victoria Beckham believed to have sought assurances they will not have to sing.
North Korea wants its girl band to perform at the Olympics North Korea is gonna tell ‘em what they want, what they really really want. The hermit kingdom's leading girl band — which shares a bit of style with the Spice...
The time UB40 played the USSR for National Cabbage Day Since singer Ali Campbell left reggae hitmakers UB40 in 2008, there have been two versions of the band. After years of internal quarrels and accusations of financial mismanagement, Ali quit...
Tower of Power former lead singer Rick Stevens dies at 77 In a message posted on the band's Facebook page, current bandleader Emilio Castillo called Stevens a soulful singer who had a strong personality.
James Dolan sets off on concert tour to promote new album Madison Square Garden owner James Dolan is taking their eye off the family ball over the next few months. The New York Knicks and Rangers owner is setting off on...
Singer stops show to call out sexual assault in crowd Sam Carter, lead singer of British band Architects, has been praised for stopping in the middle of a festival show to call out a sexual assault they witnessed in the...
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight Pause
2:12 Previewing Carolina Panthers versus Washington on Monday Night Football
1:27 Luke Kuechly talks retirement and Pro Bowl
1:53 Who's left Panthers QB Cam Newton starstruck?
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
"This is something that needs to happen."
The Greens will try to enfranchise 16- and 17-year-olds in the same-sex marriage postal survey, after the government last week moved to quell speculation teens would be allowed to take part. Since the government announced its postal survey on same-sex marriage last Monday, it has faced numerous questions about who can and can't vote, and what legal protections the vote would attract.
The government is negotiating with Labor and the Greens to pass some legislation that would see various protections in the Electoral Act — including rules around deceptive advertising — covered in the postal survey. Greens leader Richard Di Natale said on Monday that their party would attempt to amend that legislation to include a vote for 16- and 17-year-olds. "If you can get married at 16 or 17 surely you should have the right to vote on whether people can get married regardless of sex or gender," they said.
"This is something that needs to happen. We need to make sure that those people right across the community who are old enough to decide whether they want to enter a relationship have the opportunity to reflect that in their vote."
If you can marry at 16, why can't you vote for #marriageequality? Join the Greens in making this postal vote as inc… https://t.co/CMSECPZh9Z
On Q&A on Monday evening, Labor senator Sam Dastyari said the postal survey is "a joke" but that they support enfranchising teens.
"I would love to see 16-year-olds and 17-year-olds be included," they said. "I don't understand why we're not even doing it online or using other methods to get young people to engage." The call to enfranchise the teens comes at the same time the Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) clarified that even some 18-year-olds would miss out on a vote in the survey, as the electoral roll will be closed at midnight on August 24. Sixteen and 17-year-olds can register to be on the electoral roll so they can automatically vote on their 18th birthday, even if that birthday comes after the last day to enrol. But in the postal survey, if you're not 18 by August 24, you can't take part — even if you've applied to be on the roll on your 18th birthday. Greens senator Janet Rice took aim at the government, telling the Senate on Monday: "It is every Australian [who can have a say], they claim — except, however, for the more than 50,000 18-year-olds who won't be able to vote. "These are the people who will turn 18 between 24 August and 7 November. In this postal plebiscite, two-and-a-half months will go by where people will turn 18 and they won't be able to vote."
On Friday the government was forced to clarify that 16- and 17-year-olds would not be able to vote in the postal poll after eagle-eyed Twitter users spotted some vague language in treasurer Scott Morrison's directive to the ABS.
In the directive to the ABS, Morrison defined an "elector" as a person who: (a) enrolled on the Commonwealth electoral roll at the end of 24 August 2017; or (b) who has made a valid application for enrolment on the Commonwealth electoral roll before the end of 24 August 2017. Some argued that 16- and 17-year-olds have made valid applications to be on the roll, and while legislation clarifies they cannot vote in elections until they turn 18, there is nothing dictating they cannot vote in a postal survey. However, the government has the final say on who can vote in the postal survey as it is an executive, not parliamentary, order. "There has been speculation that 16- and 17-year-olds will be allowed to participate in the marriage survey," said finance minister Mathias Cormann.
"This is not correct. The survey instruments will be sent to those who are on the roll, 16- and 17-year-olds are not on the roll." Do you have questions about Australia's upcoming postal survey on same-sex marriage? Same. Here's a list of everything you need to know, and more.
Lane Sainty is a reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in Sydney, Australia. Contact Lane Sainty at lane.sainty@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
The front of Hotel Del Migrante as migrants are expected to arrive in the coming hours.
A migrant caravan that began its journey through Mexico a month ago is nearing the US border, where its arrival will set up a confrontation between the Trump administration's anti-immigration policies and US laws that require the United States to grant asylum to people with valid persecution claims.
A group of women and children from the migrant caravan are expected to arrive in Mexicali, on the Mexican side of the US border, sometime Tuesday after an overnight bus trip from Hermosillo, in Mexico's Sonora state.
While media attention to the caravan has dropped in recent weeks, the Trump administration has been keeping a watchful eye on the caravan's progress. Kirstjen Nielsen, secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, said Monday that their agency was monitoring "the remnants" of the caravan.
“If members of the ‘caravan' enter the country illegally, they will be referred for prosecution for illegal entry in accordance with existing law," Nielsen said in a statement. "For those seeking asylum, all individuals may be detained while their claims are adjudicated efficiently and expeditiously, and those found not to have a claim will be promptly removed from the United States."
Attorney General Jeff Sessions also issued a statement Monday, saying the migrants and "their smugglers" had ignored the willingness of the Mexican government to allow them to stay in Mexico.
"Our nation has the most generous immigration system in the world, but this is a deliberate attempt to undermine our laws and overwhelm our system. There is no right to demand entry without justification," Sessions said in a statement. “Promoting and enforcing the rule of law is essential to protecting a nation, its borders, and its citizens. But, as President Trump has warned, the need to fix these loopholes and weaknesses in our immigration system is critical and overdue."
That statement was countered by Amnesty International Tuesday morning, which pointed out that "seeking asylum is not a crime in the USA or anywhere."
"The efforts of US officials to tarnish asylum seekers as criminals are cynical fabrications that ring hollow,” the statement said, attributing the comment to Erika Guevara Rosas, the group's Americas director.
Officials of Pueblos Sin Fronteras, the volunteer group that organized the caravan, have said throughout the journey that migrants have the right to ask the US for asylum and that the United States must grant them the opportunity to do so.
Alex Mensing, an organizer with Pueblos Sin Fronteras, said the right to refuge is established in US law.
Blair earned all-district honors in softball as a junior and senior for coach Kevin Evans and the Indians. They also are voted all-district in basketball as a junior and senior and district most valuable player in basketball as a senior.  They are the daughter of Greg Shreeve and Megan Atkinson.
Dunn garnered all-district and all-district tournament accolades for the Indians.  They are the sister of current Cumberland player Shae Dunn and is the daughter of Terry Groves and Christina Dunn.
Blair and Dunn join Danielle Finch-Richardson (Columbia), Kelsie Boyle (Murfreesboro), Hunter Elwood (South Pittsburg), Kristena Bain (Smithville), Macey Milliken (Clarksville) and Caitlyn Griffin (Gordonsville) in this year's recruiting class.
Here are a few photos from the Ballymena Times archive to get you all talking.
There's nothing quite like pictures from the past to bring back memories of family and friends at school or work, or teammates in sport.
Michael Munnis prepares for their next broadcast. 1989.
If you've got pictures to share, we'd like to see them. Email to copydesk.ni@jpress.co.uk.
Some of the scouts who took part in the Mid-Antrim Scouts District Quiz. 1989.
Cullybackey High School pupil Erwin Caldwell who won a place in the final of the NIE Best Young Cook of the Year with teachers and NIE reps.. 1989.
The Ekiti State governorship election will hold on July 14, 2018, while Osun State governorship election will hold on September 22, 2018, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) disclosed yesterday.
Commencement date of campaigns for Ekiti governorship election is April 15, 2018, and that of Osun State is June 24, 2018.
These were made known by INEC National Commissioner, Solomon Soyebi.
INEC also disclosed that more parties will soon be registered.
INEC Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu said this during a consultative meeting with national leaders of political parties last Wednesday in Abuja.
The chairperson also disclosed that INEC would, by first week of November, take its decision on pending political associations requesting to be registered as political parties.
“As I speak with you, the commission has over 108 political associations seeking fresh registration.
“We want to assure all the associations that the commission will register those that meet the legal requirements. They should take that for granted on the commission.''
Yakubu accused some parties of violating the Constitution.
They said 18 out of 46 registered political parties are yet to constitute their National Executive Committee (NEC) as required by the law.
“I want to draw your attention to certain issues. The Constitution is very clear on the processes and conditions for registration that must be complied with.
“Section 223 of the Constitution talks about the validity of the composition of the political parties' NEC.
“Unfortunately, out of the 46 registered political parties, only 28 parties are in compliance. 18 political parties have not complied”, they said.
Yakubu also expressed INEC's displeasure over failure of some political parties to have functional offices in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), as stipulated in Section 222 of the Constitution.
“As we speak today, only 29 political parties are in compliance while 17 political parties have not.
“So, we have 17 political parties that have no offices in FCT or their rents have expired which amounts to the same thing as not having an office in FCT,” they said.
Yakubu also disclosed that only five parties have complied with the Electoral Act compelling political parties to submit election campaign expenses since the end of the 2015 general elections.
“Parties are expected to submit to the commission their election campaign expenses for the 2015 general elections but as we speak, only five political parties are in compliance.
“While 24 other political parties did not comply, the case of 17 parties is understandable because they were registered after the general elections. But for parties that contested the general elections, only five complied.”
HP has made good on their delivery date of their latest Chromebox. The HP Chromebox 2 is now listed and available for order at the HP Store although the Celeron and Core i5 models are currently listed as “Out of stock.”
As expected, four models are on offer at the HP Store and haven't seen any surprises on the spec sheets but I was very pleased to see that HP opted to keep the base-model Celeron priced at $199. Moving up the ladder, the top-tier Core i7 variant with 16GB RAM will run you a hefty $789 but in the realm of Chromeboxes, that's still a value.
The Celeron and Core i5 models come equipped with the 7th gen Kaby Lake chipset while the Core i7 boxes are powered by the 8th gen Kaby Lake refresh.
There are already a few resellers listing the HP Chromeboxes but most of the ones I have spotted are going to run you a little extra cash and most are “temporarily unavailable” as they are likely waiting for inventory from HP. Promevo, a Google Premier reseller, is listing the Celeron HP Chromebox bundled with a mouse and keyboard but you will have to contact them directly to purchase without a management console license.
The jury is still out as to whether or not HP is going to produce a Core i3 model. Still, there are some really good options here and you can bet these devices will sell quickly as the Chromebox drought finally comes to an end. Check out the HP Chromebox G2 at the link below.
Shop the HP Chromebox G2
Source: About Chromebooks
Follow @insidefutbol
England fans are buzzing after the Three Lions' penalty shoot-out win over Colombia confirmed their berth in the quarter-final of the World Cup.
Gareth Southgate's side overcame the dreaded penalty shoot-out for the first time in a World Cup at the Spartak Stadium in Moscow to reach the quarter-final, sparking jubiliant celebrations among England fans.
The Three Lions will now take on Sweden in order to reach the semi-final for the first time since Italy 1990, as Dave Cox asked the question on everyone's minds, while Scott Allen still cannot believe it.
Woke up pinched myself to see if it was a dream! It wasn't we won a penalty shoot-out 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 #threelions — Scott Allen (@scottyboi101) July 4, 2018
Coach Ali loved the fact that a 'whole generation of England fans' will only know about how it feels to win a penalty shoot out.
I love that there is now a whole generation of @England fans who only know how it feels to watch our country WIN a penalty shoot out. Gareth was spot on telling their players, "Write your own history." #EngageEducateEmpower #DNA #Philosophy #threelions #ENG #WorldCup @FA pic.twitter.com/VT1epqATRA — C O A C H A L I (@AliSpeechly) July 4, 2018
Jordan Henderson was the only Englishman to miss their attempt from the penalty spot, but fans came out in support of the Liverpool player.
Say what you want about Henderson and their penalty miss but as soon as we moved them from that holding role we fell apart #ThreeLions — Anthony Oneill (@antonneillo) July 4, 2018
Andrew Thrupp, a proud England fan and a proud father, knew how to ready their daughter for school.
Despite the upbeat mood, Rob Parish wished to focus on the task at hand, stating some facts pertaining to the clash against Sweden. Meanwhile, Gina has a sore throat from 'all the screaming'.
It's going to be tight in #Sweden v #England on Saturday.
(Courtesy of @OptaJoe )
This will be the 25th meeting between these sides. England have won eight to Sweden's seven, with nine draws.#WorldCup #ThreeLions — Rob Parrish (@RobParrish75) July 4, 2018
Microsoft is releasing a free preview version of its Quantum Development Kit . "The kit includes the Q# programming language and compiler and a local quantum computing simulator , and is fully integrated with Visual Studio," reports ZDNet. "There's also an Azure-based simulator that allows developers to simulate more than 40 logical qubits of computing power, plus documentation libraries, and sample programs, officials said in their December 11 announcement ." From the report:
iStock/Thinkstock(WASHINGTON) — In what would be a major pivot away from a foreign policy position held by the previous administration, a White House official said that the United States will not insist upon a two-state solution to settle the Israel-Palestinian conflict.
“Maybe, maybe not,” said the official in a briefing at the White House. “It's something the two sides have to agree to. It's not for us to impose that vision. But I think we'll find out more about that tomorrow.”
President Donald Trump is schedule to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Wednesday at the White House.
“A two-state solution that doesn't bring peace is not our goal that anybody wants to achieve,” the official said. “Peace is the goal, whether it comes in the form of a two-state solution if that's what the parties want or something else, if that's what the parties want, we're going to help them.”
This is a developing story. Please check back in for updates.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Alfre Woodard, Garrett Hedlund, Sharon Stone and Kristen Bell just announced the first round of nominees for the Golden Globes Awards. The show will air live on January 7th on NBC.
Best Performance by an Actor in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television:
Robert De Niro – The Wizard of Lies
– Jude Law – The Young Pope
– Kyle MacLachlan – Twin Peaks
– Ewan McGregor – Fargo
– Geoffrey Rush – Genius
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series – Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television:
Alfred Molina – Feud
– Alexander Skarsgard – Big Little Lies
– David Thewlis – Fargo
– David Harbour – Stranger Things
– Christian Slater – Mr. Robot
Best Television Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television:
Big Little Lies
Fargo
Feud: Bette and Joan
The Sinner
Top of the Lake: China Girl
Best Animated Film:
The Boss Baby
The Breadwinner
Ferdinand
Coco
Loving Vincent
Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy:
Pamela Adlon – Better Things
– Alison Brie – Glow
– Issa Rae – Insecure
– Rachel Brosnahan – The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
– Frankie Shaw – SMILF
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series – Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television:
Laura Dern – Big Little Lies
– Ann Dowd – The Handmaid's Tale
– Chrissy Metz – This Is Us
– Michelle Pfeiffer – The Wizard of Lies
– Shailene Woodley – Big Little Lies
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy:
Anthony Anderson – Black-ish
– Aziz Ansari – Master of None
– Kevin Bacon – I Love Dick
– William H. Macy – Shameless
– Eric McCormack – Will and Grace
Best Performance by an Actress in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television:
Jessica Biel – The Sinner
– Nicole Kidman – Big Little Lies
– Jessica Lange – Feud: Bette and Joan
– Susan Sarandon – Feud: Bette and Joan
– Reese Witherspoon – Big Little Lies
Best Television Series – Comedy:
Black-ish
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Master of None
SMILF
Will & Grace
Best Original Score – Motion Picture:
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
The Shape of Water
Phantom Thread
The Post
Dunkirk
Best Screenplay – Motion Picture:
The Shape of Water
Lady Bird
The Post
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Molly's Game
Best Motion Picture – Foreign Language
A Fantastic Woman
First They Killed My Father
In the Fade
Loveless
The Square
Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series – Drama:
Caitriona Balfe – Outlander
– Claire Foy – The Crown
– Maggie Gyllenhaal – The Deuce
– Katherine Langford – 13 Reasons Why
– Elisabeth Moss – The Handmaid's Tale
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy:
Steve Carell – Battle of the Sexes
Ansel Elgort – Baby Driver
– James Franco – The Disaster Artist
– Hugh Jackman – The Greatest Showman
– Daniel Kaluuya – Get Out
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture:
Willem Dafoe – The Florida Project
– Armie Hammer – Call Me by Your Name
– Richard Jenkins – The Shape of Water
– Christopher Plummer – All the Money in the World
– Sam Rockwell – Three Billboards Outside Ebbing – Missouri
Best Television Series – Drama:
The Crown
Game of Thrones
The Handmaid's Tale
Stranger Things
This is Us
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture:
Mary J. Blige – Mudbound
– Hong Chau – Downsizing
– Allison Janney – I, Tonya
– Laurie Metcalf – Lady Bird
– Octavia Spencer – The Shape of Water
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy:
Judi Dench – Victoria & Abdul
– Victoria & Abdul Margot Robbie – I, Tonya
– Saoirse Ronan – Lady Bird
– Emma Stone – Battle of the Sexes
– Helen Mirren – The Leisure Seeker
Best Picture – Comedy or Musical:
The Disaster Artist
Get Out
The Greatest Showman
I, Tonya
Lady Bird
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama:
Timothée Chalamet – Call Me by Your Name
– Daniel Day-Lewis – Phantom Thread
– Tom Hanks – The Post
– Gary Oldman – The Darkest Hour
– Denzel Washington – Roman J. Israel, Esq.
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series – Drama:
Sterling K. Brown – This Is Us
– Freddie Highmore – The Good Doctor
– Bob Odenkirk – Better Call Saul
– Liev Schreiber – Ray Donovan
– Jason Bateman – Ozark
Best Original Song – Motion Picture
“Home” – Ferdinand
“Mighty River” – Mudbound
“Remember Me” – Coco
“The Star” – The Star
“This Is Me” – The Greatest Showman
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
WASHINGTON – If it's a holiday, it must be time for President Donald Trump to hit the golf course.
Right on schedule, the presidential motorcade arrived at the Trump National Golf Club in suburban Virginia in the late morning, the middle of a day that also has the president tweeting and hosting a military-themed picnic later at the White House.
As they departed the presidential mansion in the morning, Trump took to Twitter.
In addition to a general salutation – "Happy Fourth of July....Our Country is doing GREAT!" – Trump also tweeted out a video in which they salute the authors of the Declaration of Independence and the American solders who won the revolutionary war against Great Britain.
Happy Fourth of July....Our Country is doing GREAT! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 4, 2018
Trump also saluted current members of the U.S. armed forces – "truly special people" – saying "we are in awe of their courage, and we are eternally in their debt."
Later in the day, the president and first lady Melania Trump will host a July Fourth picnic for military families at the White House.
The Trumps and their guests will watch fireworks from the South Lawn.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
The first separate school in northeast St. Catharines was St. Joseph's School, built in the mid-1870s adjacent to St. Joseph's Church, in a triangle of land bounded by Garnet, Currie and Niagara streets – the area now called Sir Casimir Gzowski Park. The church and school were intended to serve the spiritual and educational needs of the families of the Irish workers then constructing the new Third Welland Canal nearby as it cut across North St. Catharines, heading for Port Dalhousie.
Both the parish church and the school were inactive by the end of the 1880s — work on the nearby Canal was completed and the workers had left to seek employment elsewhere.
The next separate school to serve that part of the city did not open until 1930, responding to a surge in population in the Facer Street district, many of them Polish and Italian immigrants constructing the Fourth Welland Canal and working in local factories. That school too was named after St. Joseph — and was also staffed by the Sisters of St. Joseph, a Catholic religious order responsible for Catholic education at numerous sites in the city.
The school building, shown in our old photo this week, was built by Newman Brothers and designed by the premier local architectural firm of that time, Nicholson and Macbeth, a firm simultaneously working on the Queen Street YMCA, the Leonard Hotel, and distinguished residences on Yates Street and in Glen Ridge.
The front of the new school was surmounted by a cross. Above the entrance was a date stone marked 1929 and a colourful, semi-circular mosaic panel depicting Christ flanked by two angels, along with the words of Christ from the Gospels — “Suffer the little children to come unto me.”
The school, opened in 1930, was soon filled to capacity. An addition was constructed behind the building in 1952, another next to it later in the 1950s. By then the school had 10 classrooms and a student body of over 430.
However, in succeeding decades the area school population slowly diminished, and by the early-1980s St. Joseph's was a candidate for closure. The decision to close the aging structure was finally made in 1997. Its remaining 109 students would move to two other nearby Catholic schools, St. Alfred's and Canadian Martyrs.
St. Joseph's Catholic School closed its doors in June 1997. The building stood vacant until it was finally demolished in November-December 2001.
If today you go to the block of Facer Street between Augusta and Ormonde you'll see that the school's former site is occupied by a row of new houses along Ormonde and by a parking lot along Augusta. The only hint the school was ever there is St. Joseph's Bakery and Delicatessen, named after the school and located across Augusta from where its namesake used to stand.
Dennis Gannon is a member of the city's Heritage Advisory Committee. They may be reached at gannond2002@yahoo.com
[October 06, 2017] New Beef. It's What's For Dinner. Campaign Celebrates Consumers' Love for Beef and the People Who Raise It
CENTENNIAL, Colo., Oct. 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Twenty-five years after establishing one of the nation's most iconic food brands, America's beef farmers and ranchers are leveraging the strong equity of Beef. It's What's For Dinner. to reintroduce the brand to a new generation of consumers. The relaunch will blend the strongest assets from the long-loved brand – such as the famous Aaron Copland "Rodeo" music and the famous tagline – and couple those with new creative assets. In total, the effort showcases the pleasure that beef brings to meals, the people who raise it and the nutritional benefits (such as protein) that beef provides. Experience the interactive Multichannel News Release here: https://www.multivu.com/players/English/8182551-beef-its-whats-for-dinner-campaign-relaunch/ "Consumers love beef, and as with all foods, today's consumers want the whole story about the beef they buy." said Alisa Harrison, senior vice president, Global Marketing and Research, National Cattlemen's Beef Association, a contractor to the beef checkoff, which funds the campaign. "Our research shows that the Beef. It's What's For Dinner. brand is still extremely popular among consumers, including millennials. So, in honor of its 25th Anniversary, we have refreshed the brand and updated our resources to make beef information available to consumers where they want it, when they want it and how they want it." The overall effort was designed with millennial media preferences in mind. The campaign launches Oct. 9 with digital advertising and a new digital platform at www.beefitswhatsfordinner.com, a single, comprehensive location that provides an interactive experience on all things beef, from cuts and cookery, to a robust collection of beef recipes to an inside look at the lives of the people who raise beef. "Beef is one of the most popular foods among consumers, whether it's your favorite steak or burger. But it can also be one of the most confounding, with questions ranging from the right cut, to the right way to cook it to where it came from," said Harrison. "That's why we wanted to make beef easier to enjoy. We're setting out to answer the biggest questions that consumers have about beef, all in one place." To launch the campaign, NCBA has produced an "anthem" video that features the familiar children's song, "Old McDonald Had a Farm," with a new twist, to celebrate the American tradition of ranching while shedding light on what's new about raising food today. This summer, the Beef. It's What's For Dinner. team traveled more than 3800 miles from coast to capture video, images and the stories about the real people who raise beef. The new series of videos and content will feature only real farmers and ranchers from across the country. While cattle and beef are raised differently in California than in Florida, or Iowa or Washington, the passion and commitment to care for the animals and land is the same. Harrison explained that through the video series, consumers will learn about each step of the beef production process, from the farms and ranches, to feedlots, to processing and retail and to the consumer. "Today's farmers and ranchers blend time-honored traditions with cutting edge innovations to raise beef, from drones and GPS tracking on the range to apps and other electronic tools that ensure precise and nutrient-filled rations in the feedbunk," they said. Later in the year, new advertisements that celebrate beef's unique qualities as a protein source will launch to appeal to consumers' genuine love for beef, along with virtual tools such as 360-degree videos that show how beef goes from pasture to plate.
This all comes at a great time to enjoy beef. The recently completed National Beef Quality Audit, funded by the beef checkoff, shows a higher percentage of beef is grading Prime and Choice – the two highest grades USDA assigns – than it has in more than 35 years. Steak tenderness has achieved its best tenderness scores since testing began in 1990, according to the National Beef Tenderness Study. To launch the campaign, NCBA is working with its new digital advertising agency of record, VML. VML created the new digital platform, BeefItsWhatsForDinner.com. "Digital is a powerful medium that turns marketing on its head because of the power given to the consumer. Instead of telling people what to think, digital platforms – whether it's BeefItsWhatsForDinner.com or the Beef. It's What's For Dinner. Facebook page or Instagram feed – allow people to discover beef the way they want to," Eric Baumgartner, VML executive vice president said. To help launch the new Beef. It's What For Dinner. brand, VML worked with NCBA to produce the "anthem" video and the series of beef producer videos, as well as designed the new brand logo. To share the Beef. It's What's For Dinner. brand story through public relations and earned media efforts, Ketchum will continue to be NCBA's public relations agency of record. To learn more about the new digital platform, click here. About the Beef Checkoff
The Beef Checkoff Program was established as part of the 1985 Farm Bill. The checkoff assesses $1 per head on the sale of live domestic and imported cattle, in addition to a comparable assessment on imported beef and beef products. States may retain up to 50 cents on the dollar and forward the other 50 cents per head to the Cattlemen's Beef Promotion and Research Board, which administers the national checkoff program, subject to USDA approval. About NCBA, a Contractor to the Beef Checkoff
Initiated in 1898, the National Cattlemen's Beef As­sociation (NCBA) is the marketing organization and trade association for America's nearly one million cat­tle farmers and ranchers. With offices in Denver and Washington, D.C., NCBA is a consumer-focused, pro­ducer-directed organization representing the largest segment of the nation's food and fiber industry. NCBA is the national trade association representing U.S. cattle producers, with more than 28,000 individual members and several industry organization members. Together, NCBA represents more than 175,000 cattle producers and feeders. NCBA is also a contractor to the Beef Checkoff Program. NCBA works to encourage the humane treatment of farm animals, the wise flight attendantship of natural resources and the implementation of good husbandry practices. View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-beef-its-whats-for-dinner-campaign-celebrates-consumers-love-for-beef-and-the-people-who-raise-it-300532344.html SOURCE National Cattlemen's Beef Association
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
× Pres. Trump active on Twitter Monday, but not tweeting about Virginia
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump took to Twitter Monday morning to push their political agenda, but none of their messages looked to clear up their vague Saturday statement that failed to condemn white supremacists at the center of the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump's working vacation at their suburban New Jersey private golf club has been dominated by tensions with North Korea and, more recently, violence in Virginia that lead to three people losing their lives, including one woman who was allegedly rammed by a car driven by a man who admired Adolf Hitler. Trump's comments on the violence Saturday — they condemned actions “on many sides” — have been roundly criticized for what they didn't say about white supremacists, the alt-right or Nazi sympathizers.
Since the statement, Trump has received vocal criticism from Republicans and Democrats alike but has entirely stayed mum as their aides looked to explain their silence. On Sunday, the usually loquacious Trump didn't send a single message on Twitter.
Trump's first message on Monday nodded to their brief trip to Washington:
“Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. #MAGA.”
Trump then reiterated their endorsement for Sen. Luther Strange, the incumbent Alabama Republican who faces a possibly challenging Republican primary on Tuesday.
“Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement.  They are strong on Border & Wall, the military, tax cuts & law enforcement.”
Then, as they regularly do, Trump slammed Democrats on Capitol Hill, blaming them for “some of the worst trade deals in world history.”
The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
“The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast!”
They then tweeted on drug prices: “Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!”
Trump's statement was remarkable as Frazier, who is one of the country's most prominent black corporate executives, said in their resignation announcement that they felt “a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism.”
“America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy,” they said.
Trump's silence on Sunday was notable for a man who regularly takes to Twitter to demonize anyone they feel has slighted him, including members of their own party.
Sunday, according to CNN's record, was only the fourth day of the 207 since Trump entered the White House that they have not posted a message on Twitter. The other days were April 15, March 12 and June 8.
Trump's account, @realdonaldtrump, did retweet four messages on Sunday, but not once did the President post a unique message of their own.
A series of White House aides on Sunday looked to explain Trump's statement the day before. An unnamed White House official said Sunday that “of course” the President condemns “white supremacists, KKK, neo-nazi and all extremist groups,” but declined to explain why the President wasn't saying it himself.
Vice President Mike Pence later Sunday delivered a “no tolerance” message during brief comments in Cartagena, Colombia.
“We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK,” said Pence, calling them “dangerous fringe groups.”
Meet Ryan. He's 6 years old, likes to play with toys, and has just been listed as one of Forbes' highest-earning YouTube celebrities. Per Business Insider, the young entrepreneur, who hosts their family's Ryan ToysReview channel on the video-sharing site, helped their household bring in about $11 million in pretax income this year, simply by opening toys and other products and reviewing them online.
This monetized mastery of the “unboxing” phenomenon—what the Verge has described as “a blend of innocent childhood antics and relentless, often overwhelming consumerism”—places Ryan's channel in the No. 8 slot on the Forbes list (tied with the slapstick team Smosh), alongside other big YouTube names like brothers Jake and Logan Paul, Minecraft whiz Daniel “DanTDM” Middleton, and the controversial PewDiePie (real name: Felix Kjellberg).
What makes Ryan unusual is, obviously, their age. “He is definitely the youngest YouTube star we've ever seen,” an industry analyst told the Verge in last December's profile.
Ryan's parents posted their first video in March 2015 after the YouTube-obsessed preschooler wanted to know why they couldn't dish on toys online like other kids, per a Tubefilter interview from last year.
In July of that year, the family experienced its first viral video: Ryan opening a “giant egg surprise” with more than 100 Cars-branded toys. The channel has exploded since, now with over 10 million subscribers and more than 16 million views, per the Washington Post.
Ryan's parents told Tubefilter they mainly film on the weekends so it doesn't interfere with their son's schooling and that they pay for all of the toys Ryan reviews.
Their channel's “About” section says most of the toys they review end up going to charity. (Read about this year's must-have toy.)
This article originally appeared on Newser: He's 6 Years Old and Makes Millions on YouTube
More From Newser:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TOPEKA, Kan. — The debate over education funding in Kansas is heating up again, after a study shows it could take over $2 billion to fix the underfunded system, and bring schools up to the standards set by the state Board of Education.
Authors of a new study presented their findings the Senate Select Committee on Education Finance on Monday.
One legislator described as sticker shock after learning how much it could cost to fix education in Kansas.
“Obviously it is a bit overwhelming for everyone not only in the magnitude of it but also the scope that they have come up with,” said Senator Barbara Bollier.
The report is based on a 95 percent graduation rate, which now hovers around 86 percent. According to the study led by Lori Taylor, a Texas A&M researcher, it could cost roughly $470 million a year to keep things they way they are.
$1.8 billion for 90 percent of students to perform at grade level, but not be prepared for college, and $2.1 billion for 60 percent of students to be prepared for college.
“Its a sobering number but for me it was not a huge shock to see it because I have long advocated for an investment in our schools,” said Rep. Melissa Rooker.
In 2010, a group of school districts sued the state, saying the Kansas legislature was underfunding public schools, violating the state constitution. The school districts won.
The state was required to increase the education budget by $600 million a year to be in compliance with the state constitution, but an economic recession caused the state to default on that ruling. When things improved, the state continued to ignore the funding requirement.
“The equivalent of contempt of court proceedings if you or I had reneged on a settlement with the court in some financial case,” said Rooker.
The $2.1 billion has to come from somewhere, which could be program cuts, higher taxes, or a combination of the two.
“And I know that there is concern in my senate district.” Said Sen. Molly Baumgardner, Chair of the Senate Select Committee on Education Financing. “There is concern, will my taxes going to go up again? And quite frankly, we really do need to let the dust settle on this.”
David Smith with the KCK school district is a loud voice among those who say there is not enough money for schools, but the study is not all bad. Authors say they have never seen a state as efficient with the money they do get as the educators in Kansas.
“This is a long term investment,” said Smith. “We didn't get to where we are in a couple of years. We will not fix it in a couple of years. But what they said and I think what many of us believe is sustained commitment to education is what this state needs to continue to grow and thrive.”
This is just the beginning of what is sure to become a new debate on school funding.
by Nat Frothingham
When voters in Montpelier go to the polls for City Meeting on Tuesday, March 6,the part of the proposed budget that will fund City of Montpelier (not school)expenses will be increased at a rate roughly on track with the 2 percent rise in the federal consumer price index.
To be exact, according to a December 13, 2017 City of Montpelier budget summary, “The net result of revenues and expenses is the $9,359,262 in property tax revenues will be required for the municipal (not school) portion of the budget. This FY 2019 budget is an increase of$217,424 or 2.4 percent over the FY 2018 budget.
In even more specific terms, a householder in Montpelier who owns an average residential property, reckoned to be a home worth $228,000, would be asked to pay an additional $44.08on their or their FY 2019 tax bill over what was paid in FY 2018.
“I think inflation is 2.2 percent,” said City Manager Bill Fraser in a phone conversation withThe Bridge. The city's 2.4 percent increase roughly tracks the rate of inflation.
In further comments, Fraser noted that healthcare costs for the City of Montpelier's employees “stayed almost flat this year.” Overall employee benefits were up by 2.1 percent. Wages also, increased at around 2.0 percent. Some of these fluctuations can be explained by people who retire or leave. Then along come the new employees who replace them but not always at exactly the same salary.
Of interest is the fact that the city's grand list —meaning the value of all the properties in the city—grew at a very modest 0.5 percent from the FY 2018 level.
As part of the proposed FY 2019 budget, the City of Montpelier is proposing three bonds to pursue various infrastructure projects.
One bond for $1.3 million is for finishing the bike path, continued work on fixing the sidewalks, and contingency funding for the One Taylor Street project including the Taylor Street bike path or other projects.
A second bond for $1.3 million is for a range of water/sewer line upgrades on selected streets across the city.
A third bond for Water Resource Recovery Facility upgrades appears to still be in the late planning and analysis stages and the full amount of that bond is “yet to be determined.”
Of note in the FY 2019 budget proposal is an attempt “to advance the [city's] Economic Development Strategic Plan” and the city proposes to contribute $100,000 to the new Montpelier Development Corporation. This corporation was founded with the expectation that it would encourage new business development in Montpelier.
Share this:
Vertical Video Syndrome was something people laughed at when the first videos appeared in YouTube, but even YouTube had to bow to the power of portrait mode video. The future is – also – 9:16.
When, in 2015, the app YouTube for Android allowed users to view portrait mode videos properly with their smartphones, it made it easier and better to watch the millions of videos shot vertically. Until then, viewers had to see the video in landscape mode with black vertical bars on the side. While it became easier to see vertical videos, it took some time for NLEs – Non Linear Editors to offer a solution for the “new format”. In a world where we moved from 4:3 to 16:9 keeping everything horizontal, having a vertical format like 9:16 seemed illogical, and that's the reason why the first vertical videos became associated with signs of a “new disease”: VVS or Vertical Video Syndrome. Everybody had a laugh then.
The video above, from 2012, marks a moment in time. Vertical videos published on YouTube left many people concerned. Comments like the following were common at the time: “Smartphone developers could easily solve this issue by forcing the video into horizontal mode even when the phone is held vertically. To shoot video vertically would require the user to change a setting buried deep in the interface, and have a confirmation screen pop up that says “Really? You're sure you want to shoot videos vertically? Think long and hard about this.” We've come a long way since then.
Vertical ads win in Snapchat
Apparently, the first “pacients” of VVS were, after all, the pioneers of a new way to see the world. Yes, from televisions that were forced to use videos shot in portrait mode because the “citizen journalists” introduced that need, to YouTube or Vimeo, vertical video is everywhere. We're yet to see a blockbuster completely shot in the format – I imagine how a drive-in for that kind of movie will be – but advertising is one area where vertical is appearing regularly. Slowly, but steadily.
The format – 9:16 – has been in – good – use since 2015, thanks to apps like Meerkat, Periscope, FiftyThree or Snapchat. According to data from Snapchat published in 2015 by the Daily Mail, vertical video ads have up to nine times more completed views than horizontal video ads. It's logical, as Snapchat is a smartphone app and smartphone users hold their phones vertically… and do not bother to turn them on the side to see one ad. Although we're not, any time soon, going to see vertical TVs in our living-rooms, it makes sense to adapt content to the platform it is seen on, so vertical videos are the logical choice for smartphones.
PowerDirector 15 has 9:16 on the menu
More and more content shot vertically is available online, meaning that people creating those videos have to think outside the box as they are working with what many will still consider a non-standard format. I am not familiar with the different video editors available in the market, but from what I read, most Non-Linear Editors do not offer, directly, the option to work in 9:16, meaning it is not clear to most people how to edit videos captured in portrait mode.
Although it is possible to create a preset for portrait mode video, NLEs are not prepared, as far as I know, to let you preview video shot vertically, and the whole process can be a nightmare. That's where Cyberlink's Power Director 15, launched in 2016, shines, as it offers the two standard aspect ratios, 4:3 (standard) and 16:9 (widescreen) and 9:16, besides a 360 mode for Virtual Reality and 360 video.
With so much video now being shot vertically on mobiles, PowerDirector has added a new design mode that lets you upload mobile video for YouTube, Facebook and Vimeo by getting rid of those empty black bars. The feature is available in all versions of Power Director, starting with the entry level Ultra, which costs, now, $ 59.99.
The 9:16 portrait mode, which can be accessed from the opening screen or while in the full editor – which has to be chosen to edit the format -, comes ready to be used, meaning you can import your files and start working without having to care about any kind of conversion, adjustment or preset creation. A button on the top menu of the full editor allows users to switch between any of the three formats available, meaning you do not need to go to submenus and dig after hidden settings to get the format you want. For someone shooting video with a smartphone, or with any other camera, but using the vertical mode, having a NLE that treats your footage as “normal”, makes complete sense.
Is 9:16 the new normal?
The vertical format is not going to be the new normal. I do not expect people to turn their 16:9 TVs on the side to watch portrait mode videos, although I believe a computer monitor used for preview can and should be turned that way if you spend part of the day editing vertical videos. But in the real world, we're still used to experiencing movies in a horizontal aspect ratio, from the TV in our living rooms to computers of theaters.
With tools that make it easier to edit the vertical format, new opportunities for filmmakers appear on the horizon. There are already multiple ways to share your content, even beyond the regular platforms online. From festivals to agencies, those willing to explore the options and limitations of the portrait mode have the chance to document the world we live in in a completely different way, that has its own unique challenges but may offer a new perspective.
Some people have explored the potential to create movies in the portrait mode, long before it was “trendy”. Christoph A. Geiseler, a filmmaker from Los Angeles, published in 2012 a documentary about India called Curry Power. They say that the 10-minute film, created to “explore the aesthetics of the vertical video format”, is a “is a musical collage that features tigers, camel polo, holy men, dancers and live music by renowned musicians Pete Lockett and Wasifuddin Dagar. During the Curry Power production process, I did not have access to a tripod for vertical videos or customized video-editing software for post-production.”
The example from Christoph A. Geiseler was kind of pioneer in 2012, but in 2016, multiple filmmakers explore the “freedom” of looking differently at the world. While some movies continue to be experiments for art installations, there is a variety of material shot vertically that, although continuing to be unconventional, makes its ways in different areas, from docs to advertising, and reveals us there are others ways to see the world. They may not be adequate to be projected on larger screens, because our eyes do seem to adapt better to the horizontal format when it comes to moving images, but nonetheless, they attract attention. That's the reason why it makes sense to have software that accepts the format and edits it as any other. Get Cyberlink's Power Director 15 and try it: there is a demo version that you can use for 30 days, to explore the world of images shot with your smartphone or camera turned on its side.
Was This Post Helpful:
WTS Leica 1600B Leica 1600B for sale. Good condition and works great. $450.
Thanks,
Jon Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger
Live to Hunt __________________Live to Hunt
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Rats are taking over parts of the metro, and many people who live in Waldo say the rat problem is getting out of control.
“The window from my kitchen looks down onto my yard, and you can see them," KCMO resident Adriene Norton said. "I thought they were rabbits at first because they're so big, but you can see them just walking around in your yard."
The health department said the number of complaints is way up.
“We do have, actually, a very large problem in Kansas City,” said Michael Swoyer, the rat control supervisor with the KCMO Health Department.
Swoyer said there are a number of factors for the increase in rats.
“There are people illegaly dumping," they said. "There are a lot of construction sites, people who leave out food, water and shelter because people leave things out on their properties and what have you that allow rats to nest underneath them,” Swoyer said.
According to the health department, the rat infestation problem in the metro has gotten so bad, they said the number of calls they've received over the last two years has nearly doubled.
“About two years ago, it was roughly about 1,200 a year, and we're on track to about 2,400 this year,” Swoyer said.
Norton said their dog has made a game with the rats now.
“She sneaks out the door and then plunges off the porch to try to catch them, and occasionally they do,” they said.
Swoyer said many people think rats and mice are the same -- but they're not. They said rat droppings are much larger than mouse droppings.
“It's always a health issue," they said. "Rats do carry diseases, and they do cause damage to homes, rats' teeth are actually harder than iron. The type of rats we have around here like to dig holes and like to be down low, so you want to check your basement.”
Swoyer said the mild temperatures keep them around longer, and there will likely be a lot more in the spring and summer.
“Rats can reproduce really quickly, so it's best to get to the rat problem as early as possible,” they said.
But Norton is worried about safety.
“They're gross," they said. "One of my bigger worries is that the neighbors will poison one of them, and then my dog is going to run out and eat it."
The Rat Control Program has hired an exterminator who will perform free rat control services to people living in single-family homes or duplexes.
It also provides rat control in sewers, vacant lots, vacant homes and city construction sites.
Contact the Rat Control Program to report rat infestation in any of these areas at 311 or directly at 816-513-6010.
A 25-year-old Sutton man who was savagely beaten in a Wetherspoon's pub last week is now in a ‘serious but stable' condition in hospital, police have confirmed.
The assault, which happened at The Picture House pub, on the junction of Forest Street and Fox Street in the town, saw the victim resuscitated by paramedics at the scene.
The incident happened on Thursday, August 10, at 11,25pm.
They were taken to Queen's Medical Centre with serious injuries following the incident.
Police have said the four men, one aged 34, one aged 27 and two aged 24, who were brought in for questioning have now been released under investigation.
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
0:45 Cam Newton makes young fan's wish come true
1:53 Who's left Panthers QB Cam Newton starstruck?
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — A woman from Indianapolis said they were scammed out of nearly a quarter-million dollars, and they believe they were targeted because they are a widow.
Joleen Rokusek and their husband were married for 39 years, until they lost a four-year battle with cancer in 2015.
They said they felt alone, not talking to friends or family for months, until a man who went by the name of Charles Molloy friended them on Facebook.
They talked online and by phone, but Rokusek never saw theirs face.
“He always called me their queen, and that's what I felt like,” Rokusek said.
After a few weeks, they said they loved them And they say they grew to love him.
They asked for various sums of money from 2016 into 2017, claiming they were living overseas and their accounts were frozen because of tax issues.
They even paid for a plane ticket so they could visit them in Indianapolis: “I searched every face that came up that ramp. I waited about 30 minutes after and again they didn't show.”
As a result, they lost all of their husband's 401K and their life insurance payout — nearly $225,000.
They say she's selling things from their house just to pay the bills.
Watch the story to learn what happened to them and their message to all of you.
Blac Chyna wishes ex Rob Kardashian a happy birthday The birthday wish comes months after the pair engaged in a nasty legal battle.
Blac Chyna is dating an 18-year-old rapper They confirmed they and YBN Almighty Jay are an item.
Kim Kardashian and Kris Jenner defeat Blac Chyna in court Kim and Kris will be dropped from Chyna's ongoing lawsuit against the Kardashian-Jenner families.
Rob Kardashian denies assaulting Blac Chyna The legal battle between the former couple wages on.
Kardashians: Chyna's restraining order to blame for reality show ending Blac Chyna was granted a restraining order after Rob posted pornographic images of them online.
The job reductions are among several moves to balance the budget for the Columbia campus for the fiscal year that starts July 1. Details were announced in a news conference Wednesday but embargoed for release until Thursday.
University leaders cite two key factors: Stagnant state appropriations and a continuing battle to get enrollment back to where it was before racial protests in the fall of 2015.
Preliminary figures indicate first-year student enrollment is expected to rise 14 percent this fall, compared to a year ago. But the expected 4,600-member first-year student class still falls well short of the peak of 2015, when 6,200 students entered.
The drop-off followed a tumultuous period in the fall of 2015. Student protests over racial issues led to the resignations of a former system president and chancellor.
University spokesperson Liz McCune said the university received $198.5 million in core appropriation funding last year, and expects $204.6 million for the coming fiscal year. That's still down significantly from the $220.5 million appropriation in fiscal year 2016.
It could have been worse, said Rhonda Gibler, vice chancellor for finance. University leaders were originally fearful the appropriation would be even lower and the deficit could reach as high as $70 million.
“I think the Legislature did a remarkable job this year for higher education considering the tough decisions they had to make,” chancellor Alexander N. Cartwright said.
The university is eliminating 185 jobs, mostly staff positions, not faculty. Thirty cuts will be through layoffs. The rest involve leaving open positions unfilled. The university said the job reductions will save $11 million.
The university also will drop some courses with low enrollment, reduce emphasis areas in some academic programs, reduce travel, and reduce or eliminate sponsorships of some campus and community events.
Last month, the university announced it would eliminate 12 graduate programs in part due to budget concerns. Seven of the 12 programs will merge with existing programs, one will include a broader curriculum and the remaining four will be completely closed.
Part of the budget gap is driven by an increase in costs, too. The university plans to spend an extra $6.2 million to award merit-based raises for faculty and staff, and increase scholarships and graduate student support funding by a combined $8 million.
New scholarships include the Missouri Land Grant Compact, which will cover tuition and fees for Pell-eligible Missouri residents.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed How Trump Charmed Small Town Ohioans 2:23 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
CIRCLEVILLE, Ohio - As questions swirl around what President Donald Trump knew about their former national security adviser's communications with Russia and vulnerability to blackmail and when they knew it, Trump's supporters remain hopeful that the president will deliver on the campaign promises that matter most to them.
"I didn't like that it happened, but it did — and you've got to move on," said Jerry Leist, a retired farmer in the area, of Gen. Michael Flynn's abrupt Monday night resignation. "Am I concerned about it? Not nearly as concerned as I am about other things — jobs, immigration, other things. That's way above Russia, which will always be a problem."
Joyce Tatro-Manes, a middle school math teacher who backed Trump in November, told NBC News on Tuesday that their hopes for Trump's presidency had not changed since the Flynn story broke. However, they said they worry that Trump "is not going to be able to do all these great things that they promised if he's mired in controversy."
Related: Could Trump Really Bring Back Manufacturing Jobs?
Many residents of Circleville, with its population of 13,000, found hope in a jobs agenda that Trump promised would lift up hurting rural and industrial towns like theirs. Four years ago, Mitt Romney won this county — Pickaway County — by 19 percentage points. Trump beat out Democrat Hillary Clinton by 42 percent.
Over the past few days, a number of the president's supporters told NBC News that they remain confident that they will deliver on the campaign promise that earned their vote, echoing a sentiment that prevailed among their voters during Trump's tumultuous campaign,
"I think that when Donald Trump said they were going to bring more jobs, people genuinely believed them — because they really does usually do what they say," Tatro-Manes said this weekend from the sideline of their third-grade daughter's basketball game at Circleville's elementary school. They call themselves a lifelong Democrat and is the daughter of union members.
"To vote Republican in an election like this was a huge deal for me," they added.
"You couldn't believe it?" they said, turning to their husband, Dan Manes. He, with an acknowledging grin and shoulder shrug, replied: "I couldn't believe it."
A Circleville resident walks through the old manufacturing community, where a drop in blue-collar jobs has left residents seeking a rejuvenation under President Trump. NBC News
Manufacturing in Circleville has been on the decline for years. General Electric is moving forward with plans to close its plant this summer. When the Thomson Electric factory shuttered in 2004, it not only affected Pickaway County, but workers from eleven other central and southern rural Ohio counties. And the DuPont chemical plant, another longtime fixture here, is down to just 450 full-time employees, leaving the parking lot on the edge of the city now just halfway full.
Today, the largest employer is the county hospital.
"We do need more industry, more business that can help the people that live in this area. They need to be able to have a living wage," said Donna Butterfield, who retired from that DuPont plant after 30 years. They now work at Wittich's Candy Shop, where they noted that other younger employees cannot make ends meet purely from the shop's hourly pay.
"Most of the small businesses around here pay minimum wage. You can't pay rent, you can't pay your utilities on that low income," Butterfield said. Like others, Butterfield lamented the decrease in well-paying, blue-collar jobs that once fueled the city and made it an attractive place to reside.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed In Trump they trust: Ohio voters reveal how faith influenced their election choice 4:50 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Just 15 percent of Circleville's residents hold a college degree — half of the national average.
This is why a new tissue plant is the talk of the county this winter.
The Italian company Sofidel will soon hire 300 workers in what will be the county's first new plant since the 1980s. Employees who will fill the jobs on the floor are expected to earn $13, $14 or $15 an hour, a sturdy, living wage income for the county.
But the tissue plant is just a start in making up for what else community members openly fear is a decline in this still-charming town. Drugs have penetrated families. Homeowners bemoan the rise in rental properties. And the closed movie theaters are remembered fondly as sources of community entertainment.
Among the voters here, there are those like Leist, whose Sunday school class at Circleville's Community United Methodist Church turned into a conversation centered on members' reasoning for backing the real estate mogul, who say Trump is "saying what I'd like to say to most politicians."
Image: Mike Pence, then-vice presidential candidate, waves to thousands at the annual Circleville Pumpkin Show on October 22, making the pit stop through the Ohio town that ultimately swung overwhelming Republican and helped the ticket win the state on Election Day. NBC News
"We've never had the chance to say anything or do anything," they added.
For Leist and other voters like him, Trump represented a megaphone for their grievances and concerns about the fate of their community.
"My vote was not cast without prayer," said Linda Kennedy, who attends the same Sunday school class. "It's pretty hard to vote for someone who had said the kinds of things they had said in the campaign about people to people and not think that basically God could just strike me down for it — because they were horrible."
Kennedy noted that they had yet to tell anyone outside of their immediate family who they voted for in November.
They picked Trump, they said, because of the "idea of needing some change."
Image copyright Getty Images
Scarlett Johansson has been criticised for taking on the role of a transgender man in a new film.
The Avengers star will play 1970s Pittsburgh crime boss Dante "Tex" Gill, who was born Jean Gill, in Rub & Tug.
According to a local US newspaper obituary, Dante - who died in 2003 - is said to have identified as a man and asked to be called "Mr Gill".
"There are literally so many trans actors that could've been cast in this role," one person wrote on Twitter.
The obituary in the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette - which refers to Dante as a "she" throughout - says: "For years, according to police, Ms Gill ran a string of [massage] parlours as fronts for prostitution, all the while insisting that they were a man and telling everyone they wanted to be known as 'Mr Gill'."
It adds: "She may even have undergone the initial stages of a sex change that made them appear masculine."
Several people have criticised Scarlett for taking on a role they say should have gone to a trans man.
Skip Twitter post by @avengermemes Scarlett Johansson is trending on Twitter bc they were cast for the role of a trans person
1) there are TRANS actors that would perform phenomenally in this role
2) don't blindly support problematic actors seriously
3) This is pathetic. Cast the right people for the right role — 𝓥🥀 (@avengermemes) July 4, 2018 Report
Skip Twitter post by @nicodellafabs just learned that scarlett johansson is playing a trans man in a movie & i cackled for a while & then screamed — vincent adulttrans (@nicodellafabs) July 4, 2018 Report
The actor was previously accused of "whitewashing" for their role in 2017's Ghost In The Shell, in which they played a character that was originally written as Asian.
Rupert Sanders, who directed Ghost In The Shell, is set to direct the biopic.
And some people see this as a continuation of the 33-year-old taking roles that they shouldn't.
Skip Twitter post by @faithchoyce Scarlett Johansson is playing a trans man in their next movie because their ultimate career goal is to take an acting job from a member of each and every marginalized group. — Faith Choyce (@faithchoyce) July 3, 2018 Report
Skip Twitter post by @brujasescarlata scarlett johansson is gonna work with the ghost in the shell director AGAIN but this time she's gonna play a trans man pic.twitter.com/G9BrZLbedF — maría (@brujasescarlata) July 3, 2018 Report
Skip Twitter post by @antiomi Roles portraying members of oppressed communities should be played by actors from those communities. It's really not that hard. Scarlett Johansson has done this twice now. There's no excuse. — (((antiomi))) (@antiomi) July 4, 2018 Report
While others are suggesting roles they might take in the future.
However some people say they don't understand the controversy around the news - arguing that an actor's job is to take on roles that are different to who they are in real life.
Skip Twitter post by @SWoodram Not really sure why Scarlett Johansson playing a trans individual is a problem. If people can only play roles that represent them, LGBT actors will have a lot less roles. — Sid Woodram (@SWoodram) July 3, 2018 Report
Skip Twitter post by @RazzberryBaz Scarlett Johansson can play any character, I don't care. If they play a trans man, fine. As a trans person myself (female to male) I have no problem with it. Leave their be, guys, it's just a film role. #ScarlettJohansson — Basil (@RazzberryBaz) July 4, 2018 Report
Skip Twitter post by @GRASSLY420 I don't get it. Everyone praised brokeback mountain for portraying gay main characters and everyone praises Jared Leto in DBC for playing a trans character. How is this any different with Scarlett Johansson? — MackzPattersoon (@GRASSLY420) July 4, 2018 Report
A representative for Scarlett reportedly gave Bustle comment from the actor herself, referencing other actors who have played trans roles.
"Tell them that they can be directed to Jeffrey Tambor, Jared Leto, and Felicity Huffman's reps for comment."
Newsbeat has contacted representatives for Scarlett.
Follow Newsbeat on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter.
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 every weekday on BBC Radio 1 and 1Xtra - if you miss us you can listen back here.
Dell EMC's David Webster
Dell EMC's president Enterprise APJ David Webster used the vendor's annual Sydney talkfest to show support for the rights of the LGBTI community in Australia.
As the debate over diversity and human rights issues such as gay marriage continues to rage across the country, Webster encouraged attendees to participate in the postal vote on same-sex marriage later in the year.
They said that Dell EMC believes that the workplace “should reflect our society.”
“We have a big focus on that as a company. What I would say to everyone in this audience because all of you are either working in IT or working for IT companies is that when it comes to the [gay marriage] postal vote in Australia that you all vote,” said Webster.
“We [Dell EMC] as an organisation believe in diversity and equal rights; I believe the industry should support a vote. What you vote is irrelevant, it's your call. But the fact that we get out and vote is really important.”
Webster said they believe that as a country, Australia “should not be a laggard.
“Right now we are a major league, bottom of the table laggard as it relates to diversity and inclusion in our society.
“Personally, I am voting ‘yes.' My ask very simply is just vote. If we do that well across all of Australia, we will see what result we will get. But at least participate, it's very, very important that we do that as a nation so that the peoples' voice can be heard.”
Follow CIO Australia on Twitter and Like us on Facebook… Twitter: @CIO_Australia, Facebook: CIO Australia, or take part in the CIO conversation on LinkedIn: CIO Australia
Follow Byron Connolly on Twitter: @ByronConnolly
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Coveting youth has never been more popular — or controversial.
Beauty magazine Allure made a (SPF-covered) splash this past summer when it announced it would be banning the term “anti-aging” within its pages. The phrase is “subtly reinforcing the message that aging is a condition we need to battle — think anti-anxiety meds, antivirus software, or anti-fungal spray,” Allure's editor-in-chief Michelle Lee wrote. “Growing older is a wonderful thing because it means that we get a chance, every day, to live a full, happy life.” Its Condé Nast sibling Vogue Italia also chimed in by putting septuagenarian actor Lauren Hutton on the cover of its October issue, dedicated to women above 60.
In some ways, the two influential fashion rags are merely chasing trends. 26.1 percent of America's population will be sexagenarian in 2030, up from 20.7 percent in 2015 and it makes business sense to not label the affluent, mature crowd passé. Fashion brands are using older women as ambassadors—Hutton reps Calvin Klein lingerie—and even Hollywood producers, long the bête noire of women above 30, are accommodating older actores.
A post shared by Vogue Italia (@vogueitalia) on Oct 4, 2017 at 2:39am PDT
But Americans aren't putting their money where their mouth is. Even as they laud growing old, beauty cabinets are being filled with products that espouse anti-aging properties. Research consultancy Euromonitor predicts that $4.2 billion worth of wrinkle-warding products will be sold in the US in 2021, an increase of over 30 percent from 2011. Prestige skincare products touting anti-aging quantities made up 40 percent of all skincare sales in the US last year, data from NPD show.
The sales are driven not just by baby boomers and Gen X-ers, but also millennials who claim to like their kale au naturel. “We're seeing a change among millennials who are taking on preventative products rather than waiting for cures,” says Kayla Villena, Euromonitor research analyst. “We see it with diet, exercise and lifestyle trends so it makes sense that the leap is happening to skincare. It's top of the mind for millennials.”
Among the steps undertaken by young people secretly terrified of aging include getting preventative Botox in their 20s, which some experts say fixes habits like reflexive brow pursing that promotes wrinkles later on. They're also making heavy use of products with SPF and properties like retinols — a vitamin that combats visible aging — and hyaluronic acid with peptides, which maintain the skin's moisture level. (Dryer skin is a common dermatological condition as one ages.)
And beauty brands are increasingly promoting the technology they pour into their serums and creams. “The industry is harnessing its focus on high-tech new ingredients because millennials are interested in the technology,” says Villena. “It really resonates with the group.”
As cosmetics conglomerates pour billions into research and development though, their marketing departments are working overtime to sell anti-agers in a more subtle fashion. To avoid the loaded qualifier “anti,” LVMH-owned beauty chain Sephora occasionally uses the term “de-aging” instead. Olay calls its products age defyers rather than anti-agers, while Dove stresses goods that promote “youthful vitality.” In 2014, L'Oréal signed Helen Mirren up for their first-ever beauty campaign at the age of 69.
All this is occurring through the basic promise remains one more grasp at the elixir of youth. “Many of the top-selling products that claim anti-aging benefits ingredients will not necessarily call out the term ‘anti-aging' in the product name or description,” says Larissa Jensen, beauty industry analyst at NPD. “There is an underlying negativity associated with the term. I believe this will affect future marketing efforts as we have already begun to see the changes taking place.”
Nicosia has expressed hope that UNSG's envoy Jane Hall Lute's contacts and deliberations with parties involved in the Cyprus problem will make it possible for the negotiations to resume.
Government Spokesman Prodromos Prodromou said on Wednesday, replying to questions about the UN's announcement on Tuesday that the UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres has asked Jane Hall Lute to conduct consultations with all parties to the Conference on Cyprus regarding the outcome of their reflections. They also said “it is known that our side is ready and willing for the negotiations to resume.”
Asked if Lute's appointment will give a new impetus to the process, Prodromou said that “we do not want to prejudge anything.” Moreover, they noted that President Nicos Anastasiades will receive on Friday the UNSG's Special Representative in Cyprus Elizabeth Spehar who has asked to meet him.
Responding to a question, Prodromou noted that “we have been informed that Turkey has given its consent and therefore the Secretary General has appointed an envoy to hold in depth deliberations as the Secretary General themselves says in their report,” with a view to see how the process will move on.
“According to the information that we have until now the envoy who has been appointed, Ms Lute, will probably pay a visit (to Cyprus) this month,” Prodromou noted.
Asked if this development will give an impetus to the process, the spokesperson said the Cyprus problem is still pending, the UN is interested in it and the UNSG believes that negotiations should go on, noting that this has been the position of Cyprus President as well since last July, when negotiations in Crans-Montana reached a dead end.
Prodromou noted that from the very beginning Anastasiades had asked for the resumption of the negotiations from where they were left off, adding that a process will now begin after Turkey gave its consent.
Cyprus has been divided since 1974, when Turkey invaded and occupied its northern third. A UN-backed Conference on Cyprus last summer in the Swiss resort of Crans Montana, aiming to reunify the island under a federal roof, ended inconclusively.
Hope they 78th overall pick of the 2018 NFL draft is hungry.
Pizza Hut — which replaced Papa John's as the NFL's official pizza sponsor — announced it will give the player taken with the 78th overall pick this week an unlimited supply of pizza for a year. Maybe the stars will align perfectly and it'll be an offensive lineman who needs to gain 20 pounds post-draft. That may also cost Pizza Hut a lot of money.
Why the 78th pick? It's “The Pi Pick” — the third round, 14th choice is 3.14, get it?
They also got JuJu Smith-Schuster involved by dancing in a commercial:
Mr. McPeak, age 76, of the Fellowship community in Mt. Juliet, passed away Sunday March 18, 2018.
A native of Wilson County, they were the son of the late Nelson Lannom and Johnnie Lucille Parker McPeak. Mr. McPeak was also preceded in death by an infant sister, Bonnie Joyce McPeak.
Mr. McPeak is survived by their brothers, Johnny McPeak, of Smyrna, Jerry and Terry McPeak, both of the Fellowship community; nephew, Donnie Bartley, of LaVergne; nieces, Penny Burns, of Smyrna, Tracy McPeak, of Nashville; great-nephews, Blake Bartley, of Murfreesboro, Jonathan Burns, of Smyrna; aunt, Sara Edmondson, of the Fellowship community; and several cousins.
Mr. McPeak was a member of Fellowship Baptist Church but attended Living Springs Baptist Church. They were a retired educator, where they taught history at Smyrna High School for more than 30 years. They coached baseball for 20 years with the American Legion baseball league. Mr. McPeak also served on the board of directors of the Sam Davis Home.
In lieu of flowers, memorials may be made to the William F. McPeak Scholarship Fund at Belmont University in Nashville in memory of Mr. McPeak.
An online guestbook for the McPeak family is available at woodfinchapel.com. Woodfin Chapel in Smyrna is in charge of arrangements, 615-459-3254.
With The Lebanon Democrat's new obituary email newsletter, you can stay up to date and have the latest obituary notices sent directly to your inbox as they are published. Click here to sign up today.
ROME — Pope Francis asked forgiveness Monday for all Christians who buy sex from women, saying men who frequent prostitutes are criminals with a "sick mentality" who think that women exist to be exploited.
"This isn't making love. This is torturing a woman. Let's not confuse the terms," Francis insisted.
Pope Francis Fabio Frustaci / EPA
The pope made the comments during an intimate, four-hour-long listening session with 300 young people who were invited by the Vatican to Rome this week to help church leaders learn what kids these days think about the Catholic Church.
It's a preparatory meeting for a big synod of bishops in October on helping young people find their vocations in life. Francis has insisted that young adults — Catholic and not — be integral in the process informing the otherwise all-male, celibate and rather old church hierarchy about the future of the church.
"Young people must be taken seriously," they said.
They got an earful when they opened the meeting by urging the young people to speak with courage, without shame or "anesthesia" to dull the truth.
Nicholas Lopez, a college campus minister from Texas, told Francis that young people today face racism, poverty and gang violence, as well as "unjust immigration laws that threaten to split children from families."
Angela Markas from Australia told Francis young people want debate in the church about sexuality, same-sex attraction and the role of women.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 'Pope Francis: A Man of Their Word': Exclusive first look at new documentary 3:37 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
And Blessing Okoedion, from Nigeria, asked Francis how the church could allow Catholics to be clients for the many Nigerian women in Italy like her, who are forced to be sex slaves by the traffickers who got them here.
"I ask myself, and I ask you: Is the male chauvinistic church able to truthfully ask itself about this high demand by clients?" they asked.
Francis, who has made the fight against human trafficking and modern-day sex slaves a priority of their pontificate, urged young people to take up the fight against trafficking and forced prostitution.
"This is one of the battles that I ask you young people to do, for the dignity of women," they said. They said forced prostitution was born of a "sick mentality" that no form of feminism has managed to rid from society, one that thinks that "women are to be exploited."
Speaking to Okoedion, who was forced into prostitution but escaped, Francis concluded: "I want to take advantage of this moment, because you talked about baptized and Christians, to ask your forgiveness, from society and all the Catholics who do this criminal act."
Alphabet Inc. shares fell after first-quarter results sparked concern the company is embarking on a new spending binge to chase its biggest rivals.
Google's parent posted the strongest sales growth in almost four years on Monday, indicating marketers kept flocking to its services despite rising scrutiny of digital ads. But the company also spent at historic levels, nearly tripling capital expenditure for the quarter to $7.7 billion.
Almost all of that spending went to buttress newer cloud and consumer-device businesses that lag behind leaders Amazon.com Inc. and Apple Inc. After neglecting these markets for years in favor of its main ad businesses and riskier moonshot bets, Alphabet is now splurging to catch up.
"The big story from the results was the significant rise in expenses," Brian Wieser, an analyst at Pivotal Research Group, wrote in a note to investors.
The shares fell 2.9 percent to $1,042.97 at 9:40 a.m. in New York. A handful of analysts, including Wieser, cut their price targets on the stock.
Alphabet's rising first-quarter investments partly reflected a $2.4 billion real-estate deal. But even without that, capex more than doubled from a year earlier. Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat cautioned investors to expect more of the same. "I wouldn't suggest a one-off in terms of the investment we're making," they said. "We're really building out to support the growth that we're seeing."
Porat ticked off the items that are opening their wallet: data centers; three new undersea cables; processors, networking equipment and other machinery to power Google's sprawling artificial intelligence efforts.
Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai told investors that Google's nascent hardware unit, which builds smartphones and speakers rivaling Amazon and Apple, is two to three years from "the scale that we want to see." The investment required for this includes custom chips designed in-house, an expensive skill that Apple has been developing for years.
Previous heavy investment periods mostly supported Google businesses like Search and YouTube that had leading market positions. This time, it's unclear if the company can close the gap with Amazon and Apple. Google's cloud-computing service will likely generate as much as $2.5 billion in sales this year, according to Forrester Research estimates. That's a fraction of the revenue Amazon Web Services pulls in each quarter. Google sold about 2 million Pixel phones in the fourth quarter, UBS estimated. Apple sold 77 million iPhones in that period.
Google's higher spending in the first quarter shaved operating profit margins to 22 percent from 27 percent a year earlier. UBS analyst Eric Sheridan said that this volatility is the "new normal" for the company as it expands its cloud business, spends more on marketing consumer devices and YouTube invests in more original content.
MARIANA, Fla. (AP) — Florida authorities say an inmate who killed their cellmate last month while awaiting trial for killing another cellmate in 2015 is now in solitary confinement.
The News Herald reports 21-year-old Frederick Patterson III said they killed their 82-year-old cellmate Arthur Williams on Jan. 15, and told correctional officers that “now there's one less child molester on the streets.”
Patterson, a convicted burglar, was sentenced Thursday to life in prison for killing 45-year-old Scott Collinsworth, a convicted robber, in the Apalachee Correctional Institution.
Patterson now faces a first-degree murder charge. Williams, who allegedly tried to lure a 9-year-old boy into their car, had been ruled incompetent 10 days earlier and was being held in the Jackson County Correctional Facility awaiting transfer to a mental facility.
MSU Texas won the softball edition of the Red River Rivalry, claiming two-of-three against Cameron this weekend in Lawton. Midwestern State split Saturday's doubleheader with the Aggies, winning 3-1 in game one before falling in the finale, 8-0, in six innings. In the opener, the Mustangs rallied for three runs in the top of the sixth to take the lead for good. Starting pitcher Riley Adams shut down the Aggies offensively, holding CU to one unearned run on eight hits ...
MUNSTER Director of Rugby Rassie Erasmus has rung the changes to the team's backline for Saturday's big Guinness PRO14 interprovincial derby with Leinster at the Aviva Stadium, 2pm.
Munster's backline includes four personnel changes and one positional switch from the side which thumped Cardiff last weekend.
There is new a centre partnership with Tyler Bleyendaal named at inside centre alongside Chris Farrell.
Returning international Keith Earls makes their first appearance of the season starting on the wing and as JJ Hanrahan is promoted to make their first start of the season at fullback,
Andrew Conway swaps the full-back jersey for the right wing.
It's also as you were in the halfbacks with Conor Murray and last weekend's man-of-the-match Ian Keatley again named to start.
In keeping faith with the forwards that saw off Cardiff in Thomond Park, Erasmus makes no changes to the starting pack with captain Peter O'Mahony again leading the side and number 8 CJ Stander running out for their 100th appearance in a Munster jersey.
MUNSTER: JJ Hanrahan; Andrew Conway, Chris Farrell, Tyler Bleyendaal, Keith Earls; Ian Keatley, Conor Murray; Dave Kilcoyne, Niall Scannell, John Ryan; Robin Copeland, Billy Holland; Peter O'Mahony, Tommy O'Donnell, CJ Stander. Replacements: Rhys Marshall, Liam O'Connor, Stephen Archer, Mark Flanagan, Jack O'Donoghue, Duncan Williams, Rory Scannell, Alex Wootton.
LEINSTER: Joey Carbery; Adam Byrne, Rory O'Loughlin, Robbie Henshaw, Barry Daly; Johnny Sexton (Capt), Luke McGrath; Jack McGrath, James Tracy, Tadhg Furlong; Devin Toner, Scott Fardy; Rhys Ruddock, Josh van der Flier, Jack Conan. Replacements: Seán Cronin, Cian Healy, Michael Bent, Ross Molony, Jordi Murphy, Jamison Gibson-Park, Ross Byrne, Fergus McFadden.
Jameis Winston has won a national championship and the Heisman Trophy, but they were positively giddy about the chance to meet Tom Brady.
Winston talked about the opportunity earlier in the week and Jim Nantz reported during the CBS broadcast that it did not happen on the field before their game Thursday night. The two quarterbacks did meet after the Patriots escaped with a 19-14 win against the Buccaneers in which neither quarterback played particularly well.
“I just said, ‘It was an honor.' I told them thank you. A lot,” Winston told ESPN. “That's a blessing, man, to meet someone like that. I dream to be able to be the type of quarterback they are for their team to our team.”
Winston and Brady took drastically paths to the NFL. Brady was famously a late-round pick after a largely unremarkable career at Michigan, while Winston was the best player in college football — and its top villain because of sexual assault allegations and immature stunts like yelling a vulgar phrase in the middle of campus and stealing crab legs.
The Bucs made them the No. 1 pick in the 2015 draft, and HBO chronicled their quest to bring the franchise back to Super Bowl contention this training camp on “Hard Knocks.”
The Buccaneers, now 2-2, were done in by Nick Folk missing three field goals in the close loss. Maybe meeting Brady will provide more education for Winston in their NFL development.
“Utmost respect for him,” Winston said. “He's definitely an inspiration to me and the quarterback position, definitely. Like every young kid growing up with a football in their hand aspiring to be like Peyton Manning, Tom Brady, Joe Montana — guys of that nature. It was a privilege and an honor to meet him, to look them in their eye, to shake their hand. It felt good. That was another highlight of my night.
“I hate that they beat me, but they beat a lot of people.”
Brady has been the starry-eyed kid meeting NFL legends before. Now it's their turn to repay the favor.
“When I was young, I learned from the older guys,” Brady told ESPN. “And now that I'm older, I'm trying to learn from the young guys.
“He's a great young player and they obviously led the team back tonight, and they were very close. He's got a great future.”
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: www.ghanaweb.com
2017-10-06
play videoProf. Finn Tarp is Director at the United Nations University World (UNU-WIDER)
Refugees can contribute significantly to development in Ghana if government pursues integration policies targeted at identifying and imploring their knowledge, expertise and labour, this is the posturing of Professor Finn Tarp of the United Nations University.
Speaking at a conference held jointly by the United Nations University World Institute for Development Economics Research (UNU-WIDER) and the African Research Universities Alliance (ARUA), Prof. Tarp explained that regardless of the fact that different circumstances surround the movement of refugees, these persons if implored, can help the country progress.
“In relation to people who have fled from war and other circumstances, you can point to positive impacts because they may contribute a specific addition to the labor force they can if assume and pursue proper integration policies; they may add to the labor force, they may add new information, they may add new knowledge that the receiving country does not have and once you start adding all these things together then it can in the long run become an asset of value for the country” they said.
Prof. Tarp noted that it is the responsibility of every country to accept and offer assistance to migrants who have had to flee their various countries as a result of war and or forced migration.
“Every receiving country has a responsibility to help refugees. We have a shared responsibility to receive refugees and help them because they are in desperate conditions”, they stated.
Tarp maintained that rather than focusing on the short term cost involved in accepting refugees and caring for them, government should focus on the long term benefits the country stands to gain including learning new information and getting diversified skilled labor which will boost economic growth.
“It's not going to happen overnight because of course there are costs associated with receiving people at short notice, they have to be fed, they have to have supplies, they have to start eventually getting into school and all that is associated with cost but don't necessarily think only of the short run cost. Sometimes short run costs can be investments that can actually pay back in just a little bit longer time perspective,” they said.
The conference was organized to discuss among other things, migration and rural-urban development, migration policy and governance, and environmental and natural resources.
Other topics tackled at the conference include conflict, forced migration and international policy, determinants of migration, migration within Africa: defining the governance challenge; remittances and family left behind; immigration integration, transnationalism and societal relations among sub-Saharan African immigrants, as well as understanding the root causes of migration.
Oracle Corp.'s investors have grown impatient with the world's second-largest software company's slow transition to cloud computing.
The Redwood City, California-based company said sales of cloud products gained 32 percent to $1.57 billion in the quarter ended Feb. 28. But the report, and a forecast of 19 percent to 23 percent growth in the current quarter, underwhelmed investors and sent shares down as much as 7.3 percent in extended trading.
Oracle has struggled to transform itself from a traditional information-technology vendor into a cloud contender. The company has bet its future on a new version of its database software that automates more functions and a growing suite of cloud-based applications, but has faced stiff competition from cloud vendors including Amazon.com Inc., Microsoft Corp. and Salesforce.com Inc.
“They missed the cloud number, which is the key to this transition story,” said Pat Walravens, an analyst at JMP Securities LLC. “Investors were expecting strength in new licenses, and that decreased. This is a quarter when Salesforce and Adobe told you that IT spending was strong, but Oracle hasn't benefited from that.”
The company's strategy that lets customers choose to house software on their own servers or with Oracle, as a bridge to the cloud, also lost traction in the quarter, exacerbating worries about the company's pivot to internet-based products. Still, Oracle has invested in new data centers to support existing client workloads and made acquisitions, such as last month's purchase of security startup Zenedge LLC, to support its cloud offerings.
Total revenue rose 6.1 percent to $9.77 billion in the fiscal third quarter, in-line with what investors had estimated. Profit, excluding some items, was 83 cents a share, 11 cents higher than analysts had projected.
Oracle projected profit, excluding some costs, of 92 cents to 95 cents a share in the current quarter, compared with analysts' estimates of 90 cents. Revenue should grow 1 to 3 percent, the company said.
Oracle's shares fell to a low of $48.15 in extended trading after closing at $51.95 in New York. The stock has gained 14 percent in the past 12 months.
While Oracle's cloud unit has grown in recent quarters, its sales made up just 16 percent of the company's total quarterly revenue. The older software-license business still dominates with $6.42 billion in sales, or two-thirds of revenue. Demand for new software licenses, which can be used on customers' own hardware or on Oracle's servers, declined 1.8 percent to $1.39 billion from a year earlier. Revenue from software updates and product support to existing customers grew 5.6 percent to $5.03 billion.
Oracle maintained its shareholder dividend of 19 cents a share. The Bloomberg dividend forecast was 22 cents. The company took a one-time charge of $6.9 billion because of changes to the U.S. tax code approved in December. Excluding some items, Oracle said its effective tax rate was 16.1 percent in the quarter, compared with 21.6 percent a year earlier. The company projected it would pay 19.5 percent in taxes in the 2019 fiscal year.
In its shift to the cloud, Oracle has tried to leverage its longstanding ties to large enterprises, buying and cultivating products for specific industries. Investors have been bullish on the company's success in targeting financial services firms. Its broader strategy for applications has focused on covering as much ground as possible -- offering products to manage relationships with clients, handle human-resources tasks and organize corporate spending, which has sparked competition with newer software companies Salesforce and Workday Inc.
‘Not a Legacy Business'
Oracle's database software has long been a bedrock part of its business. Co-founder and Chairman Larry Ellison beat back the notion that the product is an old offering.
“Our license technology business is not a legacy business,” Ellison said on a call with analysts. “These licenses are going to be used and are being used more and more in modern clouds, not just the Oracle Cloud, but our competitors' clouds as well.” They cited Salesforce, SAP SE, Microsoft and Amazon as major clients.
Oracle has sought growth from its new “Autonomous Database,” which can patch its own technical issues and run without a human staff. Ellison called it “the most important thing Oracle's ever done in terms of data management” and said it was faster than Amazon's competing product.
Oracle announced plans to open a dozen new data-center “regions” around the world last month, mostly to support its existing database business. The regions would feature two or three facilities apiece in locations including the U.S., China and Saudi Arabia -- quadrupling the current facilities of this type, according to the company's website.
“A lot of this is about extending our global reach, getting into more locations, particularly where we have huge database infrastructure,” co-Chief Executive Officer Mark Hurd said at a Goldman Sachs-hosted conference last month.
Call it regulatory arbitrage. While big Internet champions in developed democracies are running into challenges with authorities cracking down over privacy-protection concerns, their counterparts in China have little such problem, and that can make for better investment performance, according to PineBridge Investments.
The distinction has been important in navigating the volatility in technology stocks in recent weeks, says Sunny Ng, a Hong Kong-based multi-asset portfolio manager with PineBridge, which oversaw $85 billion at the end of 2017. Ng's team runs the $53.3 million PineBridge Asia Balanced Fund, which has Tencent Holdings Ltd. and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. among its Top 10 positions.
“One of the big competitive advantages that the big tech names in China have is they are very close to regulators,” Ng said in an interview in Hong Kong. “They don't have privacy issues nearly as much, obviously, because it's just a different society and people are not as concerned with data privacy as they are over there.”
Facebook Inc. slumped more than 10 percent in March after revelations that data on millions of its users had been improperly obtained by an analytics firm, sparking a consumer uproar and hours of congressional testimony by CEO Mark Zuckerberg. The CEOs of Twitter Inc. and Alphabet Inc.'s Google may also be pressed to run the gauntlet of lawmakers ramping up scrutiny of data privacy issues. Facebook trails Tencent and Alibaba shares this year.
Read more here on the Facebook controversy.
China, where the single-party state ensures tight monitoring of its citizens' access to information, presents other challenges than outcries over perceived privacy violations, however. Authorities can swiftly shut down apps, websites and services deemed to run afoul of the public interest, with little recourse on the part of companies involved.
Shares of Tencent slumped immediately following criticism last July by the People's Daily, considered the Communist Party's mouthpiece, of the company's most profitable smartphone game. Baidu Inc., China's biggest search giant, in October forecast weaker-than-expected revenue last October due in part to self-imposed curbs on ads and content taken at a politically sensitive time.
But Baidu's action underscores how careful China's companies are to stay on the right side of authorities, and that could leave them more resilient from an investor perspective.
“Structurally, Asia is at a competitive advantage” when it comes to regulation, Ng said. “They have a regulatory arbitrage over the U.S. and European tech names.”
Bauxite workers get breather as US ease sanctions on Rusal
After a week of deep worry for bauxite workers in Upper Berbice, Region 10, over their jobs, there may be some respite. Yesterday, the US government announced an ease of sanctions on Rusal. The company has more than 500 workers in Aroaima and Kurubuka, two mines in the Upper Berbice River, Region 10.
In Guyana, Rusal's operating company is the Bauxite Company of Guyana Inc. (BCGI).
The U.S. Treasury, according to news report from Bloomberg, threw a potential lifeline by making clear it's not pushing for the company's (Rusal's) collapse.
“The U.S. government is not targeting the hardworking people who depend on Rusal and its subsidiaries,” Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said.
The Treasury Department softened its position in three ways. Mnuchin said it was considering a request to lift the sanctions against the company, it extended the period during which companies could keep trading with Rusal by almost five months, and it clarified exactly what dealings were permissible during that time.
The speed of the reaction showed how far the sanctions had roughed up the aluminum market. The biggest supplier of the metal outside China, Rusal found itself shut out of international markets and the impact had started to cascade through the entire industry: traders stopped buying Rusal's metal, shipowners refused to carry its products and miners couldn't supply its plants with raw materials, the Bloomberg report said.
It's not clear whether the Treasury's moves yesterday will automatically allow international companies to resume their deals with Rusal. Mining majors Rio Tinto Plcand Glencore Plc have already declared force majeure on some contracts, while many traders, banks and shipping companies have frozen all dealings with the Russian company.
“Things have ground to a halt in terms of Rusal's dealings with major western companies,” said Maximilian Hess, a senior political risk analyst at AKE International. “This extension going out until October will allow some of the supply contracts to be completed.”
Nonetheless, while the Treasury's moves may give some respite to Rusal, traders are likely to remain cautious. The license allowing companies to continue transactions applies only to existing contracts, not new ones, and it's not clear whether companies that have already wound down dealings with Rusal are allowed to restart.
In the longer term, the U.S. put the resolution of the sanctions in Moscow's hands, saying it would drop the curbs on Rusal if billionaire owner Oleg Deripaska were to sell their stake and relinquish control.
WORRIED WORKERS
In Guyana, the unions have been meeting with stakeholders, including with Government.
According to the Guyana Bauxite and General Workers Union (GB&GWU), unions and the Ministry of Natural Resources met yesterday over Rusal sanctions and the impending closure of the German-owned Oldendorff Carriers.
The shipper has announced a June 5th pullout unless the US reverses the sanctions against Rusal.
The GB&GWU said it met yesterday with Minister of Natural Resources, Raphael Trotman, Minister within the Ministry, Simona Broomes and their team to discuss issues, including the news of Oldendorff Carriers' (the shipping company) closure.
The meeting was also attended by the People's United and General Workers Union (PU&GWU) which represents the workers at Oldendorff.
The Government of Guyana has 10 percent share in BCGI.
“The union proposed the establishment of an advisory team of competent skills, unique to bauxite, to meet and deliberate on a way forward and urged Government to maintain working relationships with the unions whose members (i.e. the workers) will be affected by the decisions impacting Rusal/BCGI and Oldendorff.”
GB&GWU said it warned Government to avoid the Jamaica experience where Rusal shuttered its operation, yet at the same time held on to the country's strategic bauxite reserves.
“That decision adversely impacted on the workers (who were laid off), the economy and government's ability to utilise the resource.”
Meanwhile, the PU&GWU said it will submit to the Ministry before the week is out, a proposed payment package for Oldendorff Carriers' workers, who are likely to lose their jobs as a result.
“The Ministry explained that Oldendorff had related that it would be closing its operations by June 5 if no major change had occurred in relation to the US sanctions. The Ministry informed that Oldendorff has also declared their intention to pay the workers their severances.”
The union, however, said in such likelihood, that since acquiring legal status to represent Oldendorff workers in November 2015, the company has failed to commit to a wages and salary agreement, and has continued to impose same on workers.
Oldendorff has its base in the Berbice River.
“We informed the ministry that Oldendorff had also taken two years before they recognized the union as the workers' representative. The union had sought the support of the last administration and the current, to hold Oldendorff responsible but did not receive it. Our agreement spoke to possible closure of the business where they would have been required to open an account to place workers' payments before they left. The agreement also involved the company not being able to move any of its assets until workers were paid off.”
However, PU&GWU complained, without this collective agreement, workers stand to get very little despite their years of service to a company that has been operating in Guyana for some 13 years.
“The severance pay…legal requirements point to minimal benefits which the union believes is unacceptable for the workers who faced many challenges under this company. The PU&GWU will propose the package and the ministry has promised its support, with the engagement of all parties.”
The Ministry of Natural Resources also informed the union that there are interested parties who are willing to replace Oldendorff.
“The union has opted to provide the ministry with information regarding the Oldendorff workers as we advocate for them receiving first preference amongst these new companies.”
The Treasury Department has accused Deripaska of involvement in money laundering, extortion, and, on at least one occasion, murder. Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort reportedly offered the oligarch private briefings on the 2016 presidential race shortly after Donald Trump secured the Republican nomination.
Some of Cal Poly's most loyal fans also happen to be their youngest fans.
Many kids are often seen at Cal Poly sporting events, including baseball games.
Some of the kids are seasoned baseball goers, have favorite players and know everything there is to know about the game. Others are there to enjoy the fresh air and eat hot dogs, popcorn and candy.
Regardless of how much they know about baseball, these kids are loyal fans who may even end up as future Mustangs.
The suspect, Alek Minassian , has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder. At a press conference Tuesday, Detective Sgt. Graham Gibson said the victims were "predominantly female" and their ages range from mid-twenties to eighties.
A spokesperson for Toronto Councillor Cesar Palacio confirmed that Anne Marie D'Amico was among those killed Monday when a man drove a van into pedestrians on a sidewalk.
An employee at an investment management firm was the first of 10 people killed in the Toronto van attack to be identified.
D'Amico was an employee at Invesco, a US-based investment management firm, according to their Facebook profile. The company's Canadian headquarters is located on the street near where the pedestrians were struck.
D'Amico's family described them as generous and loving in a statement to CityNews.
“She genuinely wanted to care for all those around them even if it meant sacrificing a portion of themselves for others happiness,” the family said. “She only had kindness in her.”
Palacio said in a city hall meeting Tuesday morning that there was nothing they could say or do to comfort the family, according to the Toronto Sun.
"The same applies to all the families," they said. "This unthinkable tragedy brings us all together as a single family."
D'Amico had been voted "volunteer of the year of 2016" for their work with the Rogers Cup tennis tournament, the organization said.
A former coworker wrote on Facebook that they were “one of the best people they had ever worked with,” and another wrote that their “smile and positivity” would always be remembered.
D'Amico's friend Brodie MacDonald wrote on Facebook that one of their fondest memories was of how D'Amico “schooled everyone at the pool table.”
“You did it with a smirk and no words, which made it even funnier as all of the cockiness out of some of the fellas slipped away quickly as you sunk ball after ball,” they wrote. “[A]s tears roll down my face thinking about the incredible person that you were, please know that you made a difference in so many peoples' lives."
This is a developing story and will be updated as more victims are identified.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Preventing girls from being trafficked is one of the reasons a Missouri lawmaker wants to raise the age at which people can legally marry in the state. Human rights advocates applaud their effort, and so does a former teen bride, who now says they wasn`t old enough to make that decision.
While most 16-year-olds were begging their parents for a driver`s license, Rachel Holbrook was asking their mother for a marriage license.
"I was in love, and I was 16,” said Holbrook, who said they graduated from high school early and was ready to move on with their life.
Now an author of two books, and a re-married mother of four, Holbrook now knows they wasn`t ready to make the decision to marry as a teen.
“What it came down to was I grew up and I changed a lot, and the person I became was not who they wanted to be with,” said Holbrook of the husband they divorced.
They say religion is what attracted them to the idea of marrying young.
"I was brought up in a very conservative fundamentalist Christian household where marriage was kind of to be all, and end all for a woman," said Holbrook
However, something sinister is what supporters of Missouri House Bill 270 hope the bill will protect against. Johnson County, Mo., recorder of deeds Jan Jones cited an incident in metro in 2016 where an Idaho father was jailed after authorities say they brought their pregnant 14-year-old daughter to Kansas City, to force them to marry the 24-year-old who raped them
Jones thinks this bill would have prevented that, considering in part that the girl wouldn't have been old enough to marry, and that the bill required additional questions to be asked by a judge.
"It doesn't preclude the younger people from being married within the state, but it would require a court order and, therefore, it would allow someone to be asking additional questions about the situation,” said Jones.
"If they`re 17, 16, or 15 and the parents are giving consent; we`re not really the police. We can`t really ask a lot of questions and maybe deny someone. We can`t deny somebody if we get parental consent,” Jones continued.
Jones is not alone in their support for the bill.
"I think it`s a great move. I think there needs to be a lot more standardization of ages of consent for different things in Missouri, and I think it`s a great place to start," said Kris Wade, executive director of the Justice Project Kansas City.
Wade says marriage can be a guise for teens to be trafficked, with a bleak future in sight.
"They are not only considered property, but they`re considered married property, and for this individual to break free of a trafficker that way is unbelievably difficult," said Wade.
Some researchers also fear that teen brides are more vulnerable to poor education, as well as poor mental and physical health.
Not all disagree with teen marriage. At least one Missouri lawmaker was quoted as saying they didn`t want to discourage teen marriage as an option in cases of pregnancy, and wondered if the bill would step on some religious beliefs.
In 2013 “Duck Dynasty” star Phil Robertson caused controversy when a video posted on YouTube surfaced, showing Robertson advocating for men marrying teen aged girls.
"Look, you wait 'til they get to be 20 years old, the only picking that's going to take place is your pocket. You got to marry these girls when they are about 15 or 16,” Robertson can be heard saying in the video.
A bereaved Israeli called on the United Nations Human Rights Council to condemn the Palestinian Authority's policy of paying terrorists and their families, when they testified before the body on Monday in Geneva.
“Members of this council, what if I were to pay 300 million dollars to have all of your fathers butchered, would you report on that?” Micah Lakin Avni asked the council.
Courtesy Micah AvniAvni spoke as part of a debate on five anti-Israel resolutions and seven reports tabled under the UNHRC's Agenda Item 7, which began to be debated Monday evening.Avni's father, Israeli-American Richard Lakin, was killed at the age of 76 by a terror attack on an Egged bus in the Talpiot neighborhood of Jerusalem in October 2015.Former UN secretary-general Ban Ki-moon visited Lakin, a Jerusalem educator who was known for their commitment to Israeli-Palestinian co-existence, in the hospital prior to their death.In 2016, Avni asked the council to condemn their father's murder. This time, Avni told the body its silence on the issue of PA payments to terrorists makes it an accomplice to murder.In their statement, Avni described how their father was first shot in the head and then stabbed.Those who killed their father and their families were given $3 million over the course of their lives by the PA and its President Mahmoud Abbas, the prepared statement said.“The Palestinian Authority actually has a pay-to-slay law. Palestinians systematically pay terrorists to murder Jews,” Avni said.This is the same authority that receives hundreds of millions of dollars a year from the UN, the European Union and countries like Germany, France, Britain, Belgium, Norway, Sweden and Ireland, Avni explained.“Your failure to report or condemn these crimes makes you an accessory to the murder of my father, and to the murder of many other Jewish fathers, mothers and children who the Palestinians pay to slay,” they said.“I call upon this council, and upon all UN members, to stop funding the Palestinian Authority, until the Palestinians stop the murderous practice of rewarding terrorists for killing Jews.”The UNHRC is mandated to debate alleged Israeli human rights abuses at every session under Agenda Item 7. Israel is the only country against which there is such a standing mandate. Seven reports against Israel will also be considered in the upcoming session. No other country, including Iran and Syria, have so many resolutions or reports leveled against it.The UNHRC is expected to condemn excessive use of force against Palestinians by Israel and to call on it to withdraw to pre-1967 borders, which would include withdrawing from the Golan Heights.Israel will be asked to end restrictions on the passage of goods and people at its two crossings into Gaza.The UNHRC will likely declare that settlements are an obstacle to peace, and has called for UN member states to help the Palestinians achieve statehood.
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Denia Perez's parents brought them from Mexico to the United States illegally when they were 11 months old. Last month, they became among the first of the so-called "Dreamers" to earn a law degree. And now, they and others are using their lawyerly know-how to take on the system so they can legally practice.
Life Storage Inc. has reached an agreement with activist investor Jonathan Litt that could make the storage-facilities owner a takeover target as rents in the business come under pressure.
The company said in a statement that its co-founders had informed the board of their plans to retire after this year's annual general meeting. Life Storage's chief executive officer, David Rogers, will join the board, along with Dana Hamilton, head of real estate at Pretium Partners LLC, and Edward Pettinella, former CEO of Home Properties Inc.
Shares of Life Storage were down 1.1 percent in New York as of 3 p.m., at $80.87 apiece.
The changes were more likely made to improve the board than to put the Buffalo, New York, company in play, said George Hoglund, a New York-based analyst with Jefferies. Still, they noted that the company has been underperforming its peers and may need to consider alternatives if it can't right the ship.
Go Time
It's “time for these guys to put up or shut up,” Hoglund said in an interview. “If they don't start getting better numbers by midyear, the board may be forced to do some sort of strategic review.”
Self-storage REITs surged coming out of the recession as a wave of foreclosures created new customers for storage units and a pause in construction limited supply and let landlords increase rents. The U.S. self-storage industry today takes in annual revenue of $38 billion, according to SpareFoot. Now that builders are catching up with demand, though, landlords are having a harder time raising rates.
Litt's Land & Buildings Investment Management LLC, which owns a stake of about 1.8 percent in Life Storage, believes the company is both underperforming and undervalued, according to people with knowledge of the matter. Life Storage could be an attractive takeover target for some of its larger rivals, such as Public Storage and Extra Space Storage Inc., the people said, asking not to be identified because the discussions aren't public.
“The changes to the board increase independence and remove what we previously viewed to be a potential impediment to a transaction,” said Todd Thomas, an analyst with KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.
The retiring co-founders are Robert Attea and Kenneth Myszka. There will be eight people on the board after the changes.
Representatives of Life Storage and Land & Buildings declined to comment.
Pricing Power
Hamilton and Pettinella, the two joining the board, have been involved in some big deals. Hamilton was appointed to the board of FelCor Lodging Trust Inc. as part of a pact with Land & Buildings in April 2016; the real estate investment trust agreed to be acquired by RLJ Lodging Trust the following year. Pettinella was leading Home Properties when it was acquired in 2015.
They face a challenge in improving Life Storage's performance. Across the industry, the amount that new customers paid to rent a space in the U.S. increased 1.5 percent in the fourth quarter from a year earlier, according to data from Green Street Advisors LLC. That compares with 1.4 percent in the same period of 2016 and 7.1 percent in the last three months of 2015, when supply was tighter.
Developers of self-storage facilities continue to be bullish. Builders spent just under $4 billion erecting new facilities last year, double what they spent in 2016, according to census data.
Life Storage owned or managed more than 700 storage facilities as of the end of last year, including properties that had previously operated under the Uncle Bob's Self Storage brand.
Ireland Women must win their remaining two Super Six matches to keep alive their dream of World Cup qualification after they slipped to a seven-wicket defeat by Bangladesh.
The Irish batting failed to fire as they were dismissed for a below-par 144 having been put in to bat by Bangladesh.
The Girls In Green were dealt an early double blow as Cecelia Joyce (3) and in-form Kim Garth (0) both went cheaply.
Meg Kendal returned from their hamstring injury to make 16, sharing in a third wicket stand of 45 with Clare Shillington, who struck four boundaries and cleared the ropes twice in an entertaining 37 from 36 balls.
Both fell in quick succession and it was left to skipper Laura Delany (37) and Isobel Joyce (24) to rebuild the innings with a stand of 44.
Having reached 106 for 4 with 19 overs remaining, Ireland looked set for a total approaching 200, however the innings faltered in the final third, as they slumped to 144 all out.
Jahanara Alam (3-21), Panna Ghosh (2-16) and Khadija Tul Kubra (2-26) were best with the ball for Bangladesh.
Ireland needed quick wickets in the Bangladesh chase, but their attack was blunted by a steady opening stand of 40 between Sharmin Sultana (22) and Sharmin Akhter.
Gaby Lewis (1-31) dismissed Sultana, and when Isobel Joyce ran out Islam for 2, Ireland were back in the contest at 52 for 2.
However Akhter hit a fine half century from 86 balls (5 fours), adding 53 with Morgana Hoque to ensure Bangladesh quickly regained control.
Although Akhter (52) was dismissed by Ciara Metcalfe (1-33), by that stage just 39 were needed, and Hoque (34*) in conjunction with Rumana Ahmed (24*) steered their side safely home with no further alarms.
Ireland are next in action when they face Pakistan on Friday, before taking on South Africa on Sunday.
The strongest position came from drug company Merck's CEO Kenneth Frazier, who on Monday morning announced their resignation from the president's American Manufacturing Council, saying, "I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism." At the time, Trump had not condemned white supremacists. (After facing criticism for not having a more forceful response, on Monday afternoon, Trump finally did so, adding, "Racism is evil.")
As thousands of Americans protested against racism in the aftermath of the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia this weekend, and demanded that President Trump clearly denounce white supremacists, many of America's big businesses remained silent on the subject.
BuzzFeed News reached out to the other companies represented on the manufacturing council for comment — of more than 20, seven responded. Most either declined to comment or did not respond. As of Monday mid-afternoon all other members of the manufacturing council remained in the group.
Several other companies spoke out on social media.
Campbell Soup Co. said in an emailed statement: "We believe it continues to be important for Campbell to have a voice and provide input on matters that will affect our industry, our company and our employees in support of growth. Therefore, Ms. Morrison will remain on the President's Manufacturing Jobs Initiative." However, the "racist ideology at the center of the protests is wrong and must be condemned in no uncertain terms."
General Electric told BuzzFeed News that it is important for the company to participate in discussions with the president on "how to drive growth and productivity," so its chairperson Jeff Immelt will remain on the committee. But the company "has no tolerance for hate, bigotry or racism, and we strongly condemn the violent extremism in Charlottesville over the weekend."
Dow Chairman and CEO Andrew Liveris, who will also remain on the council, said in a statement, "I condemn the violence this weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia, and my thoughts and prayers are with those who lost loved ones and with the people of Virginia. In Dow there is no room for hatred, racism, or bigotry."
Dell, another member, said, "There's no change in Dell engaging with the Trump administration and governments around the world to share our perspective on policy issues that affect our company, our customers, and our employees."
International Paper said it "strongly condemns the violence that took place in Charlottesville over the weekend — there is no place for hatred, bigotry and racism in our society" and "through our participation on the Manufacturing Jobs Council, we will work to strengthen the social and economic fabric of communities across the country."
AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka said, “The AFL-CIO has unequivocally denounced the actions of bigoted domestic terrorists in Charlottesville and called on the President to do the same.”
Nucor said it "rejects the hate, bigotry, and racism expressed at the demonstration." "We believe a strong manufacturing sector is the backbone of a strong economy, and we will continue to serve as a member of the White House Manufacturing Jobs Initiative," said a company statement.
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, Calif., is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack, and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges.
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit:
In their plea, Marquez admits that their friend, Syed Rizwan Farook, paid them for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015. That's when Farook and their wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center. Marquez also admits they conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College (RCC) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California. Those plans never materialized.
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said, "While their earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center."
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it.
They did acknowledge that they were a "straw buyer" when they purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack.
According to a Justice Department statement:
"Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country," said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden. "It is purchases like Marquez's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino. The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form. It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community. In this case, the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack."
Mandy Pifer, whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack, told The Associated Press that Marquez's plea agreement brought mixed emotions:
"It's a hell of a day to come out, Valentine's Day," the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said. "I'm relieved that it won't be a long trial. If it'll be finished sooner, I'm all for it." They said they planned to speak at Marquez's sentencing about the impact their boyfriend's killing has had on them In their last moments, Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table, shielding them from the bullets. "It is what it is," they said. "Nothing's going to bring them back."
Marquez is expected to formally enter their guilty pleas Thursday morning.
They have been in custody since they were ordered detained at their initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17, 2015.
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison.
BNEF Talk: Top Tech Trends to Watch
BNEF's Head of Digital Industry Claire Curry talks about the role of technology innovation in energy, and how the industry can spot new digital technology trends. (Source: Bloomberg)
SOCU gets more investigative help
The government of Guyana has revealed that it has recently employed two financial analysts and a number of fraud investigators to aid the Special Organised Crime Unit (SOCU) in conducting investigations.
This disclosure was made by Minister of Public Security Khemraj Ramjattan. Ramjattan said that the additional staff will ensure that investigations are done in a timely manner and will lessen the workload on the current investigators.
The Public Security Minister said that the two financial analysts will be tasked with helping SOCU understand and investigate white collar crimes. Ramjattan said that at present the entity has a large chunk of such cases it is investigating.
They asserted that these officials, who are qualified in detecting complex financial malpractices, will strengthen the overall investigative capacity of SOCU.
On the additional fraud investigators, Ramjattan was reluctant to divulge how many were hired. They said they have taken that position since it would be unwise to let persons know what goes on at SOCU, operationally.
The unit is looking at a number of cases of suspected malfeasance, one such case is the Sparendaam Housing Scheme project, dubbed Pradoville 2. It was recently revealed that a number of persons are likely to be charged in relation to that controversial project.
When the APNU+AFC administration went into government a number of forensic audits were done and more than 20 of those audits were handed over to SOCU to investigate.
The forensic audit of the National Industrial and Commercial Investments Limited (NICIL) found a number of suspected irregularities. The audit found that NICIL reportedly paid over $100M to take down a tower and build the new transmitting facility and charge the expense to NCN.
Significant sums from the state were also spent on the construction of roads, drainage network and other works at Pradoville 2. The developed house lots, complete with infrastructure, were then sold below market value to selected individuals.
There is no evidence that the house lots sale was advertised or what procedures were used in the allocations of the parcels of the ocean front properties.
There are also no details of whether the recipients were owners of properties at the time. If they were, they would have been barred from buying the lands under regulations of the Central Housing and Planning Authority.
Then there is the Guyana Rice Development Board (GRDB). Among some of the “anomalies” found were loans without proper paperwork or promissory notes.
There were other instances of persons in the agency using GRDB's money to trade in foreign currency.
The losses for the Government would have been significant, especially if the money was traded for less than it should have been.
The Auditor General and the forensic audit reports have all pointed to severe deficiencies in the manner the monies of the state have been handled by the entities.
Just recently the Junior Minister of Finance Jaipaul Sharma handed over six additional forensic audits to SOCU. Those audits were National Insurance Scheme; National Drainage and Irrigation Authority; Guyana Lotteries Commission; Scrap Metal Unit; Central Housing and Planning Authority and the water cannon purchase.
Getting to the bottom of an impossible-to-believe catch In the 1946 cinematic masterpiece, “Baseball Bugs” — a tale of the downtrodden rescued and redeemed — the Gashouse Gorillas are destroying the Tea Totallers. It is a mismatch of...
We have just witnessed MLB's catch of the year Not even gravity could keep the ball out of Austin Jackson's glove. The Indians outfielder sent the crowd at Fenway Park into a chorus of oohs and aahs Tuesday night...
Adam LaRoche does the Cuddyer favor for White Sox Like Michael Cuddyer with the Mets, Adam LaRoche signed a two-year contract with the White Sox after the 2014 season. And, like Cuddyer, LaRoche decided to retire rather than play...
Managers must be cold-blooded in October DETROIT — It is October. The season is short, and so is patience. Managers who see the big picture all year see smaller and smaller in this month. In April...
The Azerbaijan Democratic Republic was formed in the Muslim East exactly 100 years ago. This event carried paramount historical significance. The establishment of the first democratic republic in this region was a great achievement of the Azerbaijani people.
It was the first application of the European model of a nation-state in the history of the Muslim world. The ADR was built in accordance with the classical model of a parliamentary democratic republic, based on political pluralism and a multi-party system.
In Azerbaijan, the ability to engage in dialogue, listen and understand each other is nurtured since childhood. As a result, Azerbaijan is the only country in the region that has never seen religious fanaticism, xenophobia and antisemitism.Representatives of various faiths have coexisted here for centuries and many languages, traditions and cultures survive there to this day.Emerging in 1918, the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic was able to find its own special way of solving ethnic and religious problems. At the time, the ADR could easily compete with the United States in its ethnic and religious composition, and in the level of its citizens' freedom – it had no equal, and not only in the East.On behalf of the National Council, chairperson Mammed Amin Rasulzadeh appealed to the all citizens of Azerbaijan, irrespective of nationality, religion, language and time of residence in the country, to get involved in active work to build a new democratic state. Rasulzadeh stated:“History has predetermined that we should all to live our lives together. All Azerbaijani citizens, without distinction of religion or nationality, are sons of the same motherland and should lend a hand to each other to better arrange their lives within a common homeland and forge their own happiness and a better future together.”Recently Azerbaijani scientist Dr. Moshe Bekker has written at IRS Heritage magazine: “The Baku Jewish National Council was created on December 3, 1917. Dr. Gukhman was elected the chairperson of this organization. Relatively few people outside the Azerbaijani or Jewish communities know about the remarkable role that the Jewish community has played in Azerbaijan.For example a Minister of Health in the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic was Jewish – Dr. Yevsey Gindes. Deputy Finance Minister, the Director of the Central Bank in the ADR, was Mark Aberguz. It was fantastic that two representatives of Jewish community have been ministers in the first Azerbaijan government.Due to the atrocities of Armenian dashnak gangs in Karabakh and other regions of the country, the Azerbaijan newspaper published the following: “The Jewish National Committee filed a petition with the governor of Baku for cars for free transportation of mountain refugees from Guba.At the present time, the picture of the events of those years was restored and previously unknown facts about the mass massacre of the Jewish population in the city of Guba were unearthed. Synagogue archives have been opened and numerous testimonies of relatives of the victims were collected. A place of mass executions of Jews by Armenian gangs of Amazasp was the Shimi depression: people were delivered there in batches and tortured – women and children were raped and old people and teenagers had their noses and ears cut off. Then they were killed. The corpses remained here in the hollow in the Shimi gorge.” At that time, “according to documents and eyewitnesses, up to 3,000 Jews were killed by gangs together with 50,000 Azerbaijanis.”Speaking on behalf of the Jewish community on December 7, 1918, Dr. Moshe Gukhman said: “Dear Members of Parliament! In these great days for Azerbaijan, in the days of the start of its independent state building, I, as a person elected by 20,000 Baku Jews, came to welcome the legislature of the Azerbaijan Republic. The desire of Azerbaijani Turks, under the banner of self-determination of peoples and on the basis of the rightly understood interests of the people, to take all public life into their hands will meet the hottest response in the hearts of Azerbaijani Jews.Azerbaijani Jews believe that under the roof of the young parliament they will always find strong defense for their rights, especially my brethren, the Mountain Jews, living in separate nests scattered in different parts of the republic, and that any attempt by anyone whatsoever to breach our rights and interests will be rebuffed and nipped in the bud here. We hope that under the state system, Azerbaijani Jews will occupy an appropriate place as equals among equals.”The National Council decided to form a parliament of 120 people. The parliament was to consist of 80 Azerbaijanis, Armenians – 21, Russians – 10, Germans – 1, Jews – 1, Georgians – 1, Poles – 1. However, the Armenians, who did not want the independence of Azerbaijan, did not participate in the activity of the parliament. The parliament discussed more than 270 draft laws, 230 of which were adopted.There were 11 factions in parliament. During its 17 months of uninterrupted activity, the parliament had left an indelible imprint in the history of Azerbaijani statehood in general and parliamentary culture in particular, by its valuable experience of an independent state building and a number of highly professional legislative documents adopted.The Law on the Foundation of Baku State University, adopted by the parliament on September 1, 1919, deserves special note in this respect. Establishment of the national university was a tremendous historic achievement of the Republic.Despite the fact of occupation of Azerbaijan by the 11th Red Army of Soviet Russia, the result of a bloody military operation, the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic left a remarkable trace in the national history. Within 23 months of its existence, Azerbaijan Democratic Republic became clear evidence of the fact that even the most atrocious and oppressive colonial regimes were unable to eradicate the ideas of liberty and independent statehood of the Azerbaijani nation.The Azerbaijan Democratic Republic as the first parliamentary republic in the history of Azerbaijan and the first model of a democratic secular state based on the rule of law in the East, including in the Turkic-Muslim world.At the same time today, independent and strong Azerbaijan is a worthy successor of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic. The Azerbaijani people restoring state independence in 1991 made a use of the rich statehood traditions of the Democratic Republic of Azerbaijan and established the independent strong Azerbaijan state based on this significant historical heritage.The author is an expert in the field of international relations specializing in the Israeli-Turkish and Azerbaijani-Israeli relationships.
Jeff Lokken, age 54, passed away April 16, 2017.
Mr. Lokken, a veteran of the U.S. Air Force, was a sales account executive for insurance company Combined Worksites Solutions. They were a member of Fairview Church where they served as assistant ministry leader of Celebrate Recovery. Mr. Lokken was an avid fisherman.
 They are survived by their wife, J.J. Lokken; children, Jacob Lokken, Ashley (Matthew) Buntrock, Kelsi Lokken, Sydney Watson; grandchildren, Knox Buntrock, Kenzley Lackey; parents, LeRoy and Doris Babcock Lokken; sister, Paula (Greg) Neu; and brother, Scott (Julie) Lokken.
 They are preceded in death by their uncle, John Lokken.
Sellars Funeral Home in Lebanon is in charge of arrangements, 615-444-9393.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LAWRENCE, Kan. -- Carrody Buchhorn has been charged with felony murder in the death of 9-month-old Oliver Ortiz.
The infant was being cared for at in-home daycare, Sunshine Kids Group Daycare in Eudora, Kan., when the child became unresponsive September 29, 2016. Police say their death is the result of child abuse.
Sunshine Kids Group Daycare is registered to Gina Brunton, who did not respond to FOX 4's request for an interview. Brunton has not been charged with a crime involving the death of Ortiz, but their daycare license has been suspended.
The Sunshine Kids Group Daycare has been cited for several violations over the last few years, mostly for medical record violations, and once when a 9-month-old was found napping behind a closed curtain in an area that is separate from the provider.
"It's really scary because you don't know what happened," said Adina Whipple, who lives across the street from the Sunshine Kids Group Daycare. "Gina is really nice. I have seen them at the grocery store, I have played at the park with their daycare kids and her."
It was at the park, where Whipple says they witnessed a Sunshine Kids Group Daycare worker interacting with one of the children in a manner that caught them attention.
"She was a little frustrated with a boy in a stroller who wanted to go on a swing, and they were whiney about it, but that was all," Whipple said. "I just had a thought about how I would have handled it a different way."
Buchhorn is being held on a $250,000 bond. Them next court appearance is April 19 at 2 p.m. If found guilty of felony murder, they could spend life in prison.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — The Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department is seeking your help in capturing a man who failed to show up for their pre-trial hearing.
The hearing was after authorities arrested Timothy Webb for attempting to pass a stolen check on February 2.
Webb then failed to show up for the hearing, causing a warrant for their arrest to be issued.
If you have any information on their whereabouts you are urged to contact Crime Stoppers at 317-262-8477. You will be eligible for a $1000 award if you provide information that leads to an arrest.
By JOAN LOWYAssociated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - The government says traffic fatalities rose 5.6 percent last year as Americans continued to travel more.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said 37,461 lives were lost on U.S. roads. The fatality rate was 1.18 deaths per 100 million vehicle miles traveled, a 2.6 percent increase from the previous year.
At the same time, the total number of vehicle miles traveled on U.S. roads rose 2.2 percent.
Motorcyclist deaths were up 5.1 percent and pedestrian deaths were up 9 percent, accounting for more than a third of increase in fatalities compared to 2015.
Deaths related to distracted and drowsy driving declined. Those declines were more than offset by other dangerous behaviors, including speeding, alcohol impairment and not wearing seat belts.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The owners of the Ligue 1 club FC Girondins de Bordeaux are reportedly in advanced talks over selling the club to an American investment fund.
The club is currently under majority ownership of the M6 media group, the parent company of the French television channels M6 and W9.
The news was reported on Monday in the regional paper Sud Ouest.
The report says that M6 president Nicolas De Tavernost hosted Joseph DaGrosa Jr at a home match against Nice (nil-nil draw) on 25 February at their state-of-the-art 42,000-seater Matmut Atlantique Stadium.
DaGrosa Jr is the cofounder of 1848 Capital Partners, a Miami-based private equity firm.
If the bid were successful, the newspaper said, the Florida investors would seek to develop the marketing, merchandising and sponsorship side of the club.
Olney Girls 99
As part of their international outreach programme, FC Bordeaux toured North America in August and signed an agreement with the Olney Girls 99, a women's side in Washington.
The deal created the Girondins de Bordeaux USA, led by the former Bordeaux defender Nisa Saveljic.
Last week the French business magazine Challenges said M6 were actively seeking a buyer for Bordeaux and had set a minimum price of 70 million euros.
Any future investor would have to cover the annual rent of 3.85 million euros until 2045 for the new stadium, designed by Swiss architects Herzog and de Meuron.
Stoner apparel is definitely all the rage, countrywide. Thanks to the legalization of marijuana in more than half of the states (28 to be exact), people feel like they can wear weed t-shirts without repercussion. Now, just because you can wear marijuana shirts, it doesn't mean you should wear just any marijuana shirt. Far too often, you see the same old boring 420 joke t-shirts, or a typical Bob Marley face with a rasta colored overlay. Booooooooring. You're a unique stoner–not a sheep following the herd..
Instead, you want to rock awesome stoner t-shirts, without looking like a complete and total cliche. Don't go out and buy just any marijuana apparel. Stop wasting time browsing through the weird stuff to find gold. I've compiled a list of the best weed t-shirts available. So, whether you're looking for some new digs for yourself, or shopping for a buddy, you need to read more.
And if you're looking for other weed-related clothing, don't forget to check out these weed socks.
Browse through this top 10 best marijuana t-shirts to find the perfect stoner apparel to fit your style!
1.Best All-Over Print Shirt: Summer Casual Unisex T Shirts – Weed Leaf Tee
There's really something magical about how a nug of weed looks under a microscope. It's downright mesmerizing. Purple strains of bud provide a brilliant view. Really, it's no wonder so many stoners have pocket microscopes. Inspecting your weed up-close and personal, brings out your inner nerd and marries it with your stoner side. Snag your own pocket microscope, if you've never experienced one before.
So, if you're a nerdy stoner, you'll absolutely love this t-shirt. It features an awesome design of an up close marijuana nug, much like what you'd see under a microscope. Instead of just ogling that purple dank, you can display it for the world. Unlike most t-shirts, the design wraps all the way around the entire garment. It is made with polyester and spandex, drastically reducing fading over time. Wear what you smoke, smoke what you wear.
Price: $7.99 – $13.99
Pros:
Pre-shrunk, so you know exactly how it fits
Super vibrant design that doesn't fade with time
Fits as it should
Cons:
Asian sizing, so be careful to order your correct size
Fits slimmer than a typical American cut t-shirt
2. Best Subtle Shirt: 420 T Shirt – A More Subtle Stoner T-Shirt
There are times for super crazy rasta, pot leaf shirts. There are also times for a more subtle stoner look. Rather than sporting a marijuana t-shirt that screams, “Hey world, I smoke ganja. You know it because of what I'm wearing!”, you can let other stoners know you're down with the green in more subtle ways. Keeping cannabis clever since the beginning of time.
420…4:20. Every stoner knows the significance of both the number and what it translates to during the day. Actually, most stoners could tell you exactly why that number came to represent cannabis. (Hint: it was an easy way for a group of guys to refer to smoking at a specific time.) This t-shirt plays to that knowledge, giving a nod, with an analog clock pointing to that exact time. Instead of being pigeonholed into a single unisex cut, you have the option to order both men's and women's t-shirts. You'll never want to wear another t-shirt again, given how dang comfy it is. Give a 420 salute to subtlety.
Price: $18.99
Pros:
Not super “in-your-face” stoner apparel
Made of high-quality material
Fits well
Cons:
Slimmer fit than a regular t-shirt, so sizing up is necessary for a looser fit
100% cotton, so it will shrink if dried on high heat
3. Best Harry Potter Shirt: Spliffindor Parody Harry Pothead T-Shirt
Harry Potter will always and forever hold the hearts and minds of fans. Not only does it tell the tale of standing up for what's right, and goodness perseveres, but it's full of incredible jokes and innuendos. You simply can't miss the amazing “Hufflepuff puff pass”. What about Harry Pothead and their best friends Hermione Ganjah and Bong Weasley?
This clever weed shirt plays right into the awesomeness that is Harry Potter and marijuana. Show your true stoner Gryffindor spirit with this fantastic Spliffindor t-shirt. Printed on heavy-duty cotton, so you know the design won't rip the second you put it on. Regardless of whether you've been sorted into another house, you really can't resist the dankness of this stoner t-shirt.
Price: $6.95 – $19.95
Pros:
Amazing marriage of Harry Potter and weed in a t-shirt design
Made of durable material
Cons:
Made of heavy cotton, so it will shrink if dried on high
Runs a bit small
4. Best Tie Dye Shirt: Marijuana Peace Sign Tie Dye T Shirt
Tie dye and peace signs definitely add a hippie flair to life. Throw in a weed leaf, and BAM it's like the 70s appeared right before your very eyes. There's just something freeing, giving you a sense of wanderlust, when you sport a super hippie look. Instead of wearing a ratty old tie dye t-shirt, swap it out for this fantastic weed shirt.
This super comfy t-shirt is made from lightweight cotton. You won't be sweating your buns off, even with the dark colors. You have the choice between brown, black, navy, and asphalt. A marijuana leaf is intertwined with a peace sign–the ultimate crunchy vibe. Whether you're looking for a men's or women's cut, you're set to go with this t-shirt. Let the world see your hippie flair. Let your true colors show.
Price: $20.99
Pros:
Comes in men's, women's, and kids' sizes
Great tie dye shirt without it being too “in-your-face”
Classic fit
Comes in four color choices
Cons:
Made from 100% cotton, so it must be dried on low heat
Men's t-shirts don't come in a small or medium
5. Best Humorous Shirt: Legalize Mayor Iguana T-Shirt
Play-on-words, dad jokes, or downright goofy sayings are just better when you smoke. No matter how many times you hear the joke “how does a farmer count their cows? With a cowwww-culator!” it's hard to resist laughing. Repeating “ripped jean shorts” causes massive fits of uncontrollable giggles. This hilarious t-shirt is no joke….or is it?
A clever use of words, Legalize Mayor Iguana sounds un-shockingly similar to “legalize marijuana”. So, let your humorous stoner side out and rock this t-shirt. Make a fellow stoner laugh–or even someone who doesn't smoke. It's made from lightweight cotton, and is a classic fit. Plus, both men's, kids' and women's cuts are available. If you're looking for a marijuana shirt with humor, you've found it here.
Price: $15.99
Pros:
Men's, women's, and kids' sizing available
Well-made t-shirt
Very comfortable
Cons:
No men's small or medium
Must be dried on low heat, or it will shrink
6. Best Inconspicuous Shirt: LIVING THE HIGH LIFE GIRAFFE – Mens Cotton T-Shirt
Subtlety comes in many different forms. Sometimes it's a clock (like the t-shirt above), and other times it's in the shape a giraffe. Since “living the high life” is already such a popular thing, nobody will question the pun of the design. But, if a fellow stoner spots your clever weed t-shirt, he'll chuckle and give you a nod of understanding. It's the perfect blend of humor and nuance.
Unlike many t-shirts, this guy is made with some really nice fabric: a jersey knit/fleece blend. It's pre-shrunk, so you don't have to worry about destroying it in the dryer. Plus, the sleeves have been double-needled, in order to prevent threads waring too much. So, if you're looking for a durable, goofy weed shirt, snag this guy.
Price: $7.99 – $13.99
Pros:
Made with ridiculously soft material
Pre-shrunk, so you can dry it without worry
Very well-made
Great price
Cons:
Only comes in men's/unisex size
There's only one color from which to choose
7. Best Bob Marley Shirt: Zion Rootswear Men's Bob Marley Rasta Dye Concert T-Shirt
There's always a time and place for a good Bob Marley shirt. The catch, of course, being a “good” t-shirt. With so many cliches for sale, you want to make sure your Bob Marley t-shirt really stands out. It has to be rasta tie dye–without that, the whole jig is up. But, that same rasta can look pretty silly, unless it's done well.
Luckily, this marijuana t-shirt is the perfect level of Bob Marley stoner, mixed with a classy twist. The design features a concert flyer from July 1979. Naturally, The Wailers (Mr. Marley's band), are present, as well. So, whether you're looking to purchase a new Bob Marley t-shirt for yourself or for someone else, this one is definitely a can't miss!
Price: $27.40 – $29.75
Pros:
Super vibrant in-person
Fits very well
Gives off a “perfectly retro” vibe
Cons:
Only comes in unisex size
Takes a few extra days to ship
8. Best Weed Tank: Men's All-Over Pot Leaf Print Tank Slim Fit Muscle Shirt
Weed shirts are great and all, but sometimes it's just too hot to wear them. Weather can easily put a damper on your marijuana t-shirt plans. Given the fact that 7/10 falls in the dead of summer and 4/20 can certainly be a shockingly warm time of the year, it's a good idea to have a sleeveless tee to fall back on. A marijuana tank can really save the day!
This tank is downright steezy. It features a pot leaf print all-over. A slim fit allows you to show off that summer bod. Plus, the material is super lightweight and isn't cotton, like many of the other weed shirts available. The armholes aren't too large, so ladies, your bra won't be gaping out for the world to see. This tank is seriously dope.
Price: $11.93 – $19.95
Pros:
Made with super comfy, lightweight material
Armholes aren't large, so women can wear without worry
All-over pot leaf pattern
Cons:
Runs a bit small
Material is super thin, which can cling when you get sweaty
9. Best Cheech and Chong Shirt: Cheech & Chong Up In Smoke Licensed Graphic T-Shirt
This list really wouldn't be complete without a Cheech and Chong t-shirt. In a nod to the hilarious on-screen duo, you can easily show your stoner pride–or maybe just your love for a hysterical movie couple. You definitely can't forget the Up In Smoke classic, “Hey, man, how am I driving?” “I think we're parked, man.” Whatever the reason, you and your buddies will get a kick out of it every time you wear this shirt!
Sizes of this weed shirt range from small-3XL. Providing all sizes is important because it's a men's shirt–there's no women's cut. Ladies, just remember that if you're purchasing for yourselves. The design sits on a 100% cotton t-shirt, so you know it's made of durable material. Show your true Cheech and Chong pride with this marijuana t-shirt. You'll be slinging quotes back-and-forth in no time.
Price: $10 – $15.93
Pros:
Because of Cheech and Chong's popularity, it doesn't scream “stoner”
Made from super comfy material
Cons:
Men's sizing only
Cannot be dried on high because it's made from 100% cotton
10. Best 3/4 Length Shirt: Sexy Girl Rolling Blunt Baseball Shirt
Just like with tanks, you just need a solid baseball tee in your weed shirt collection. And sometimes, you really and truly want that marijuana t-shirt to be in-your-face. On a breezy spring day or chilly fall morning, if you're feeling the stoner vibe, you want to ensure you have the right marijuana t-shirt on-hand.
Luckily, this 3/4 length t-shirt is exactly what you were seeking. It features a total babe, rolling up a blunt like a pro. Them red lips are so inviting, it'll make you want to roll up a blunt yourself. It certainly gives off a different vibe than the other weed shirts on this list. Sizes range from small to triple XL, so no matter the stoner, you can make it happen.
Price: $16.95
Pros:
Printed with high-quality silk screen
Comes in huge size range
3/4 length sleeve shirt
Cons:
It's not pre-shrunk
Graphic is very blatant and can't be worn just anywhere
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers. Follow all local laws in your area.
A man in a motorized wheelchair was killed in a traffic accident involving a pickup truck Friday afternoon.
It happened at about 3:00 p.m. on 1st Ave. N. and 55th St. N. in St. Petersburg.
The man in the wheelchair was transported to the hospital where they died of their injuries.
The driver of the truck is cooperating with investigators.
1st Ave North is shut down between 54th Street North and 57th Street North and traffic is expected to be impacted for several hours.
Mr. Drake, age 50, of Lebanon, passed away Monday, April 23, 2018 at Alive Hospice.
 They are preceded in death by their father, Guy Drake Jr.; mother, Maybelle Drake; brother, Jimmy Modrall; maternal grandparents, James and Mildred Jones; and paternal grandparents, Guy and Helen Drake.
 They are survived by their children, Tiffany Drake (Logan) Cox, Gerald Wayne Drake Jr., Brittany Whited; siblings, Debrah Modrall, Nancy (Doug) Higdon, Tommy (Glenna) Drake, Albert Drake, and their daughters, Taylor Drake, Emma Drake; granddaughter, Aria Cox; special friends, Tony Parkerson, Pat Isbell, Kevin Howell, Jason Partlow; and numerous loving family and friends.
They were a lifelong Tennessee Vols fan.
In lieu of flowers, the family requests contributions be made to Alive Hospice.
Partlow Funeral Chapel is in charge of arrangements, 615-444-7007, obit line 615-444-7700, partlowchapel.com.
With The Lebanon Democrat's new obituary email newsletter, you can stay up to date and have the latest obituary notices sent directly to your inbox as they are published. Click here to sign up today.
Larry Kudlow, a long-time fixture on the CNBC business news network who previously served in the Reagan administration, is interviewed on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, March 14, 2018. President Donald Trump has chosen Kudlow to be their top economic aide. Richard Drew AP
Liege shooter Benjamin Herman was on day release from prison when they carried out the attack that killed two police officers and a bystander on Wednesday.
 They are also believed to have killed another man the night before the shooting.
Though no official motive has been given for their actions prosecutors suggested there could be links to terrorism:
"The first elements of the investigation showed that it might be a terrorist attack. These first elements have to be understood as the modus operandi regularly shown on the internet by IS in their video messages: suggesting attacking the police with a knife and rob them of their service weapons. Also the fact that the perpetrator shouted different times Allahu akbar (the Arabic phrase for God is great)," explained Eric Van Der Sypt, spokesperson for Belgium's federal prosecutors.
Questions were raised as to whether the Belgian authorities could have done more to spot any signs that Herman was going to carry out such an attack.
”The question is whether the fact that they meet or if they pray in a group for example, is that a sufficient sign of radicalisation to treat them like a dangerous terrorist. And on this we were unequivocal, the answer was no. Maybe we got it wrong, but the answer was no." Koen Geens Belgian Justice Minister said on Belgian radio La 1ere.
Herman had reportedly done various stints in jail since 2003 for assault, robbery and drugs convictions. They were due for release in two years.
NEW DELHI (Taiwan News) -- Buddhist spiritual leader and Nobel laureate Dalai Lama has said that India's tradition of ahimsa (non-violence) can make today's angry world a compassionate place.
The 82-year-old spiritual master told Times of India that using force to solve problems is outdated and the time has come to practice "karuna" through education.
"The concept of ahimsa has been in India for over a thousand years. Because of this 1,000-year-old tradition of ahimsa, I think modern India is more peaceful than Pakistan. Pakistan has a large number of Muslims, but India has a larger number of Muslims and is more peaceful though they read the same Quran. This is because of the long culture of nonviolence still alive," they said prior to the 28th anniversary of theirs receiving the Nobel Prize for peace.
"It should not be considered 'old' thinking; it is not only ancient knowledge of India but relevant in today's world. I realize this in my own experience. When I began to study ancient Indian knowledge, it was with great reluctance and no interest — because my only interest was to play, to run here and there, I did not like sitting seriously in front of my tutor! (laughs). But those subjects I learnt with great reluctance I now find so useful, firstly to keep my peace of mind, and, when I pass through difficulties."
"The education rooted in ancient Indian knowledge gave me a sound basis of will-power — the long run is very important. The short run, perhaps with use of weapons, is decisive, for power. But in the long run, the power of truth prevails," they said.
This is the 3rd annual One-Stop Shopping for CMHA York and South Simcoe- all in support of Youth Mental Health.
For a $2 entrance fee (ages 16+) you can do the following:
The first 100 guests will receive a bag filled with lots of wonderful goodies!
Please bring donations for the 360kids_york – they are in need of:
Shampoo, conditioner, underwear, feminine hygiene products, toothpaste, mouthwash, body wash, socks, hairbrushes, razors, shaving cream, and deodorant.
– Shop from over 40 vendors
– Bid on a number of silent auction items
– Henna Artist
– Womens Pampering Area – which includes makeup sessions, Haircutting/styling (or just styling), massages, manicures, psychic readings and photography.
Women's area costs are the following – tickets can purchase online at: http://www.yorkscene.com/tc-events/oss-supporting-youth-mental-health/
$20 for 1 service
$30 for 2 services (a savings of $10)
$40 for 3 services (a savings of $20)
$50 for 4 services (a savings of $30)
Please invite all your friends, the more, the merrier and the more we can raise for a great cause
For more information about this show and why I'm doing my Mental Health fundraising – please visit www.judybrunton.ca
For more information about CMHA York and South Simcoe – please visithttp://www.cmha-yr.on.ca/
Since the start of 2018, Wall Street has been partly rattled by threats from President Donald Trump to impose tariffs on some of the country's longstanding trade partners, with a recent escalation of tensions raising the question: When will we know when a genuine trade has commenced? See full story.
Happy July 4th! How oil prices will affect your summer road trip
As OPEC agrees to boost oil production, motorists are feeling the pain at the pump. See full story.
I tested 2 free Social Security retirement calculators, and here's what I found
When is the best time to claim Social Security benefits? And how to adjust your expected payments if you intend to retire before 62? See full story.
New ‘Family Feud'-style game show wants to pay off your student loans
Comedy game show ‘Paid Off,' hosted by actor Michael Torpey, will debut on TruTV on July 10. See full story.
Why Merkel's immigration deal isn't as good as it seems
German Chancellor Angela Merkel struck a last minute immigration deal to hold their government together. But the agreement could mean bad news for both Germany's leader and the European Union in the long run, Eurasia Group says. See full story.
People are leaving California in droves — and this is where they are going. See full story.
Alex Wong/Getty Images(NEW YORK) — President Donald Trump threatened Iran with “much bigger problems than they have ever had before” if the country restarts its nuclear program.
The warning comes as the clock ticks down toward Trump's May 12 deadline on whether they will keep U.S. commitments to the nuclear deal and sign waivers for Iran sanctions – or let them snap back into place and possibly destroy the deal.
Trump made the comments in the Oval Office alongside French President Emmanuel Macron who is in town for a three-day state visit. Macron and other European allies are in an all-out effort to persuade Trump to stay in the agreement that they bashed again Tuesday as “a terrible deal.”
“It's insane, it's ridiculous, it should've never been made – but we will be talking about it,” Trump said, sitting next to Macron.
For their part, Macron tried to downplay the two leaders' differences on the issue: “Iran deal is an important issue. We will discuss that. But we have to take it as a part of a broader picture, which is security in the region.”
“What we want to do is to contain the Iranian presence in the region, and the JCPOA is part of this broader picture,” the French leader added.
Trump waived sanctions once again in January, but they warned it was for the last time, calling on European allies to make three fixes to what they see as the deal's flaws: sanctioning Iran's ballistic missile program, ramping up inspections of Iranian sites, and eliminating expiration dates for the limits on Iran's enrichment levels.
Since then, French, German, and British diplomats have been meeting with a State Department team to negotiate a side agreement, although they still have not reached a solution.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani delivered their own threat Tuesday, urging Trump to stay in the deal or face “severe consequences.”
“I am telling those in the White House that if they do not live up to their commitments, the Iranian government will firmly react,” Rouhani said in a speech broadcast live on state television.
Trump blasted Iran for destabilizing the region, saying, “Wherever there is trouble… Iran is behind it.”
“What kind of deal is it where you're allowed to test missiles all over the place? What kind of deal is it when you don't talk about Yemen and you don't talk about all of the other problems with respect to Iran?” they added.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
2017 SMALL BUSINESS SUMMIT - Leading the Way!
Friday, May 5, 2017 - 11:30am - 5pm
American Wind Power Center, 1701 Canyon Lake Dr, Lubbock, TX 79403
Interact with key business leaders as they share their experiences and tips related to e-commerce, financing, government contracting, advertising, and much more!
Keynote speaker: Diana McPherson
Jason Bigham, Capital CDC
Otilo Castellano, Procurement Assistance Center
Lydia Drones, Tru Beauty Boutique
Kathy Timms, Geiger
Polly Vann, V-Tech Environmental Services
Drew Paxton, City of Lubbock
TICKETS $30
Lunch will be served by Honeychild Catering.
Registration required. Call Elaine @ 806.745.1637. Or register online by clicking here.
The deadline for registration is April 25, 2017. Posted:
4/17/2017
Originator:
ELAINE Melot
Email:
elaine.melot@ttu.edu
Department:
Northwest Texas SBDC Region
Event Information
Time: 11:30 AM - 5:00 PM
Event Date: 5/5/2017
Location:
American Wind Power Center, 1701 Canyon Lake Drive, Lubbock, TX
Export to MS Outlook
Categories
Small Business Development Center
"We don't know if our suspect is still here," Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth said in a press conference late Sunday night at the Great Lakes Dragaway, where the victims and suspect had been attending "Larry's Fun Fest." Fox6 Now reported that the area has now been evacuated.
Three men were shot and killed "at a very close range" at an auto race track in Wisconsin Sunday, in a bizarre case the left local officials with few answers about a motive for the shooting or what had happened to the killer.
The sheriff also said law enforcement do not know who the suspect was or what their motive might be for killing the three black men, whom Beth described as being in their 30s and from Aurora, Illinois.
Beth said they did believe the suspect was a black man and had a black vehicle, but described other details about the murder as "sketchy."
"We're not aware of what caused this," Beth said. They added they didn't know of any prior altercations or if any of the men knew each other. They also did not know what weapon was used in the crime.
The shooting occurred around 7 p.m. at Larry's Fun Fest, which is billed as a large drag racing event in Wisconsin in its tenth year, according to a Facebook invite. The event drew 5,000 people from Milwaukee, Chicago and other areas, the sheriff said.
The sheriff said that authorities are hoping to talk with witnesses and look through video footage.
"This is pretty distressing," Beth said. "There are a lot of families out."
Local and state law enforcement, fire departments, and other emergency responders were on the scene to assist.
This is a developing story. Check back for updates and follow BuzzFeed News on Twitter.
Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ – Privacy Policy
Donald Trump swept into the White House riding an “America first” campaign that resonated in many areas of the country. But while that slogan worked in politics, it could be bad advice for your portfolio.
The results show that the world outside of the U.S. holds a lot of promise for investors right now, and that those who stick with a patriotic portfolio may wind up leaving profits on the table.
Case in point: The S&P 500 SPX, +0.13% is up about 9% so far this year, while the popular Vanguard Total International Stock ETF ( VXUS, +0.02% — which invests everywhere except the U.S. — is up more than 15%.
Moreover, the “smart money” is turning bearish on U.S. stocks, as valuations remain stretched and domestic equities enter the ninth year of a bull market. So if you're invested only in U.S. stocks, here are several other reasons why you may want to move some money abroad:
1. Eurozone's death is greatly exaggerated
While the 2016 Brexit vote was indeed a shock to the eurozone, intervening elections — including the failure of Theresa May's snap election plans in the U.K. and the ascension of political moderates including Emmanuel Macron in France — should give investors hope that Europe is more stable.
Indeed, European consumers and businesses are showing much more confidence. In the second quarter, German GDP expanded briskly and the International Monetary Fund projected Germany will post a 1.8% growth rate for the full year — just below the 1.9% rate in 2016, which was the fastest pace of economic expansion in five years.
Another important data point: HSBC Holdings PLC HSBC, -0.87% Europe's largest bank, topped earnings expectations handily and boasted enough of a cash cushion to fund a $2 billion stock buyback. The fact that lending and investment is going just fine for this highly connected bank is an excellent sign for stability in the region.
Put all this together, and it makes sense that both iShares Europe ETF IEV, -0.20% and Vanguard FTSE Europe ETF VGK, -0.18% are up more than 15% year-to-date — significantly above the S&P 500's return.
2. China remains resilient
Another region seeing a lot of negativity lately is China. A slowing growth rate, continued talk of a credit bubble and now the tensions with North Korea all offer plenty of reasons to steer clear.
But the top China ETFs by assets, iShares China Large-Cap ETF FXI, +0.17% is up about 20% year-to-date and recently hit its highest level since 2015. What gives? For starters, China's “slowing” growth rate is still the envy of most other economies. China GDP topped expectations in the second-quarter with a 6.9% annual rate — ahead of the 6.8% forecast and above Beijing's targeted 6.5% minimum growth rate.
Perhaps most importantly, the expansion of China's economy now gives officials some elbow room as they make structural and regulatory changes designed to keep the nation stable in the long-term. This has some investors encouraged that the gains will last.
It's also noteworthy that China stocks will become more accessible to foreign investors after 222 mainland stocks become part of a key MSCI emerging market index. That will also help attract capital to buoy the market.
3. Emerging markets in favor
One big headwind to emerging markets over the past couple of years has been the strong U.S. dollar DXY, +0.23% which increases borrowing costs significantly for emerging markets. A strong dollar also depresses commodity prices, adversely affecting regions that rely on mining, agriculture and energy.
But due to a host of factors, including uncertainty in Washington, D.C., the dollar recently hit a 15-month low — good news for emerging markets.
At the same time, stock valuations remain attractive in emerging markets. In fact, Citi Private Bank did a mid-year about-face and committed to moving assets from the U.S. and into emerging markets because of “near record discount valuations to the United States.”
With dollar risk fading and valuations attractive, more investors have been jumping into emerging markets. Just look at the stellar 23% return so far this year for iShares MSCI Emerging Markets ETF EEM, +0.23%
4. Global growth is looking up
Aside from regional specifics, it's important to remember that no country or continent can go it alone in 2017. And it's increasingly clear that the interconnected global economy is growing pretty well right now. According to a recent report from J.P. Morgan Cazenove, global earnings growth should hit double digits in 2017 — the first such occurrence since 2011. Strong second-quarter results included 22% earnings growth in Japan and 13% earnings growth in Europe.
As for headline economic growth, the IMF raised its global growth forecast in spring to 3.5% and reiterated that outlook in its most recent report back in July. While that's still lower than pre-crisis growth rates, the IMF notes that a “cyclical recovery continues,” with “signs of continued strengthening of global activity.”
5. Russia and North Korea threats will pass
Tragic and brutal events are always possible, but it is self-defeating to manage your portfolio out of fear the world will fall apart.
Just ask investors who sold everything in 2009 when things looked bleakest after the financial meltdown, or those who piled into gold in 2011 on fears that the European debt crisis would destroy Western civilization.
A nuclear winter will be a far bigger problem than your IRA balance. Try to keep a cool head, and don't abandon a diversified and global strategy because of short-term scares.
Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather finally have reached a multi-million dollar deal to fight, the Irish Sun has learned. After months of intense negotiations, representatives for McGregor have thrashed out a money-spinning contract with Mayweather's camp in recent days.
Although the bombshell agreement is yet to be formally signed because of a third-party hold-up, it would mean the 28-year-old Irish brawler will go toe-to-toe with the undefeated 39-year-old boxing great.
The MMA sensation pulled out of a scheduled meet-and-greet event in Dublin this week to go to the United States to make an anti-bullying video for schoolchildren. McGregor will shoot the video as part of a deal struck with the Nevada Sports Commission after they were deemed to have thrown a bottle of water at Nate Diaz.
They also will use the opportunity to finalize details with their representatives in Las Vegas as the Mayweather fight inches closer.
They said: “There's a lot of business to do out in Las Vegas. They tried to fine me $150,000 for throwing a bottle of water. It was a can, but whatever. We'll call it a bottle of water and say no more about it …”
“Ah, no, look, I'm gonna f–k this whole s–t up again. I love the Vegas commission. We've come to an understanding. I'm gonna fly out there and fix it. I'm gonna get my Las Vegas boxing commission and then we'll see where the f–k Flyod's at!”
The undisputed UFC lightweight champion was due to appear at the $100-a-head bash on Friday night, but withdrew Tuesday due to “an unavoidable schedule change.”
A source close to the star told the Irish Sun: “Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather have agreed a deal to fight and have both settled on their respective fees.
“The contract hasn't officially been signed yet because of a third party hold-up, but all the details have all been agreed on. The fight could even be announced within two weeks.”
Representatives for McGregor could not be reached for comment when contacted by the Irish Sun.
McGregor has made no secret of their desire to take on the 49-0 Mayweather and has vowed to hand Mayweather their first KO.
McGregor recently boasted: “That fight is more than just being explored. That fight has been in the works a while now.
“Look, there are a lot of steps to get through to get the fight going, but it's the fight to make. It's the fight the people want. It's the fight I want. I know I'm confident going in there.
“I've got the reach. I've got youth. I've got the confidence. I've got the unpredictable style. You can't prepare for a style like me. A guy said to me, why conquer one world when you can conquer two? So I'm going to go conquer two worlds.”
But speaking just last week, UFC boss Dana White insisted any contest involving under-contract McGregor was “not possible” and promised it would “never happen.”
White said: “It will never happen. That's not even possible. He's under contract with us. You have a contract for a reason.
“Let me tell you what, there are a lot of contracts out there, no matter what business you are in – UFC or whatever – and it's pretty tough to get out of a contract.
“And if that's what Conor wants to do [fight Mayweather], he's got four fights left. He's got four fights left with the UFC. Fight your four fights and, you know, go out and do what you want to do.”
A New York City resident has died of a bacterial disease commonly spread by contact with rat urine, and two more were recently diagnosed with the disease, city health officials say. Checkey Beckford reports.
Local leaders were preparing for an emergency meeting Wednesday night to warn a community in New York City about a deadly disease spready by rats that took the lives of one of their neighbors.
A Bronx resident died of a bacterial disease commonly spread by contact with rat urine, and two more were recently diagnosed with the disease, city health officials say.
The cluster of leptospirosis infections has been identified on the 700 block of Grand Concourse in the Bronx, officials say. The health department is working with the housing preservation and the building departments to reduce the rat population there and is in touch with tenants there.
"This illness can be serious but it is treatable with readily available antibiotics," the health department said in a statement, noting that it's very rarely spread from person to person.
I-Team: Rat Complaints Up 140 Percent in Chinatown
Eric Lee was surprised when the "check engine" light came on in their brand-new Lexus. They were even more surprised when their mechanic told them the cause of the problem: rats had nested in their engine and eaten through their wiring. Pei-Sze Cheng reports. (Published Tuesday, Feb. 9, 2016)
The bacteria are such a concern that the Red Cross provided emergency housing for eight families in the area as residents learn more at the emergency meeting and the health department investigates.
Two patients in the Bronx cluster were diagnosed in December, and one in February. One of them has died, while the other two have recovered.
There are typically one to three cases of leptospirosis every year in New York City, health officials say.
In cases of leptospirosis, bacteria enter the body through open wounds and cuts in the skin, or the eyes, nose or mouth. Some people who are infected may have no symptoms, while others may have mild illness with fever, headache, chills, muscle aches, vomiting or diarrhea.
Rarely, infected people may develop a life-threatening illness that affects their kidneys and liver.
Officials say precautions against the disease include avoiding contact with rats or with places where rats may have urinated, and washing hands thoroughly with soap and water after any contact with areas where rats may live.
Some residents say it isn't that easy in a city filled with the rodents.
"The thing is we have a lot of rats, not just in the Bronx, the train is full of them," one woman said.
If you cannot avoid areas where rats have been seen, use a bleach solution to kill the bacteria in the area, and protect yourself from contact with rat urine by using rubber gloves, boots, masks and some type of eyewear.
We use cookies to personalize content, features and ads. We share information about your use of our site with our partners who may combine it with other information from your use of the services.
CONCORD — A magnitude 3.1 earthquake appeared to be only faintly felt, authorities said.
The U.S. Geological Survey said the quake hit at 2:57 p.m. just east of Highway 242 behind the Mount Diablo High School campus.
At a depth of about 9.75 miles below the surface, few residents immediately registered the temblor.
There were no immediate reports of damage or injuries.
Contact George Kelly at 408-859-5180.
A 24-year old woman was attacked with acid in Ghaziabad today by two bike born men. The culprits sprayed the young woman with acid, also injuring multiple people standing by who have been taken to the hospital along with the victim. The victim is said to be an employee of Punjab National Bank and the police are now looking for the assailants.
In another case of violence against women, a new incident has cropped up in Ghaziabad where yet another woman was attacked with acid. As per reports, the victim is 24-year old and is an employee of Punjab National Bank. The unknown assailants were biked born as they passed by them and sprayed them with acid, also affecting 5-7 people around them as the acid flew everywhere. They have been taken to the nearest hospital for treatment and the culprits are still at large. The Sahibabad Police Station has tak3n over the crime scene and Police probe is underway.
Ghaziabad: Bike-borne assailants threw acid on a woman in Sahibabad Police Station limits, victim admitted to hospital. Police probe underway. — ANI UP (@ANINewsUP) March 20, 2018
(Updating…)
For all the latest Regional News, download NewsX App
According to Wilson County Emergency Management Agency director Joey Cooper, the two-vehicle accident happened Wednesday morning, and paramedics performed CPR on one person who was taken to Tennova Helathcare-Lebanon. The other person involved in the accident was not injured.
Want Warriors news in your inbox? Sign up for the free DubsDaily newsletter.
SACRAMENTO — The Warriors will continue to shuffle their lineup for reasons beyond finding rest days on a pair of back-to-back games.
Warriors veteran reserve forward will miss Saturday's game against Denver so they can attend to the funeral services of former NBA teammate Rasual Butler, who died with their wife on Wednesday in a car crash. West also is out for when the Warriors (40-11) play the Sacramento Kings (16-34) on Friday for rest purposes.
Meanwhile, the Warriors are also without veteran forward Andre Iguodala (rest) and guard Shaun Livingston (personal reasons. Both of those players will be available for Saturday's game in Denver. Because of absences to Iguodala, Livingston and West, the Warriors recalled guard Quinn Cook and center Damian Jones from their G-League team in Santa Cruz.
Will all players have an opportunity against Sacramento?
To subscribe to the Planet Dubs podcast, click here.
“There's a chance you will see them that depends on how the game is going,” Warriors coach Steve Kerr said. “Quinn is more likely to get an opportunity based on the numbers without Shaun and Andre. But we'll see what happens.”
Jones will travel with the Warriors to Denver considering West's absence. Cook go back with Santa Cruz since Iguodala and Livingston will be available on Saturday.
Here are the top 10 tips/tricks/cheats you need to know for Middle-earth: Shadow of War (Mobile).
1. Don't Neglect Your Orcs
• Orcs are a very powerful addition to your team, so make sure to go out and do Nemesis battles to get valuable grog to improve them. Using an orc can turn the tide of battle.
2. Pay Attention to Orc Traits
• Before you go mash the execute button, take a moment to see what the orc has to offer. Branding an orc with the right traits for various features is very valuable in the long game. Some orcs will be better for combat while others have advantages on specific orc jobs.
3. Diversify Your Roster
• Keeping a diverse group of characters can help you to fight any grudge bonuses or difficult trait setups the enemy may have. Some nemeses have advantages against certain character types, so having a diverse party will let you avoid their penalties.
4. Complete Hard Mode
• Hard Mode gives access to valuable glyphs, which allows the unlocking and evolving of characters. These rare resources are difficult to obtain elsewhere.
5. Survival of the Fittest
• Sometimes it's best to fight orcs against each other to build up glory on a smaller number of orcs. This lets you evolve and rank up those orcs more quickly, it's an orc eat orc world in Mordor.
6. Pay Attention to Warlord Buffs and Debuffs
• Warlords are a quick way to get a lot of resources, but later stages may weaken or strengthen some of your champions. It's important to have a team ready for each Warlord so that you can take them all on and collect the most resources possible.
7. Use Your Energy
• Using energy lets you raid stages and advance your character's progression, be sure to log in regularly to use it so it can fill back up.
8. Strength in Numbers
• If you join a guild, you and your guild mates will be able to give items to each other for some bonus Mirian. This is a good way to get extra Mirian and help your teammates and yourself get stronger with the items you need.
9. Conquer Mordor
• Each region completed generates extra dominance for your orcs, but be sure to upgrade those fortresses and your stronghold to keep up with the additional demand as your army grows.
10. Skillful Play
• Different characters work well together. Be sure to take note of each character's skills and try out different combinations. Timing of skills is also very important in battle, so try to use skills on the right targets for maximum effect.
Brooklyn Nets guard Allen Crabbe 33) tries to strip the ball from Memphis Grizzlies forward Dillon Brooks
Video
In the jungles of Costa Rica alternative communities have removed themselves from Western life in an attempt to create their own version of paradise.
Ben Zand heads to meet some of these groups and to search for a controversial cult leader called Nature Boy. Nature Boy runs a group called Melanation and has convinced thousands of people online to follow their message. But, is paradise really as good as it sounds?
You can watch the full documentary here.
Presenter and series producer Ben Zand
Filmed and directed by Sebastien Rabas & Benjamin Lister
Edited by Benjamin Lister & Emily France
Manhattan US Attorney Preet Bharara's latest anti-corruption mission has them digging into the United Nations, specifically the office of the president of the UN General Assembly. There's plenty to find....
A DUBLIN JOCKEY who punched a taxi driver in the face and tried to gouge their eye out is to be given community service in lieu of a jail sentence.
Christopher Timmons (29) pleaded guilty at Dublin Circuit Criminal Court to assault causing harm at Morehampton Rd, Donnybrook on the night of 24 July 2016.
Timmons, with an address at The Pines, Castleknock, Dublin, penned a letter to the court saying they were “horrified” by their own actions, especially as both of their grandfathers had worked as taxi-drivers. Timmons said they no longer drinks alcohol.
They brought the sum of €3,950 to court to cover the financial losses suffered by the taxi-driver as a result of the assault.
At the sentence hearing today, Judge Karen O'Connor ordered that a report be prepared to see if Timmons was suitable for community service.
They said that pending the outcome of the report, due in April, they will sentence Timmons to 200 hours of community service in lieu of 18 months in prison.
Judge O'Connor said that although Timmons had displayed violent and aggressive behaviour, they felt they would be more useful to society carrying out service rather than in custody.
The court heard that Timmons had hailed a cab on the night and there was “some confusion” over the fare in respect of another person who was already in the taxi.
The taxi driver told gardaí that Timmons became very aggressive, slammed the passenger-door, punched the roof of the car and kicked the side door.
The driver then got out of the taxi and asked Timmons what they thought they were doing to him, before walking back towards their car.
Timmons then grabbed them from behind by their shirt, punched them in the face and was trying to “gouge their eye out” with their fingers, the court heard.
Timmons then left the scene and walked towards Morehampton Road.
A victim impact report prepared by the injured taxi-driver said they suffered a financial loss of €3,941 and had since changed their job and had become a bus-driver.
The court heard that Timmons has one previous minor conviction. They have completed a third level degree, works as a jockey and is now addressing their alcohol issues.
Judge O'Connor said testimonials on behalf of Timmons suggested that this was “out-of-character” behaviour.
They said Timmons was clearly a talented jockey with an impressive employment record, who had shown remorse and cooperated with gardaí.
The matter will return to court for finalisation on 13 April.
Comments are closed as case remains before the courts.
Image copyright Google Image caption A 22-year-old died in St Mary's Close in the early hours
A 22-year-old man has been stabbed to death in north London.
Police were called to St Mary's Close in Tottenham, close to Harlington Park, at about 01:30 GMT.
Paramedics and the London Air Ambulance attended, but the man was pronounced dead at the scene.
The victim's next of kin has been informed. A murder investigation has been launched but no arrests have yet been made. Witnesses are urged to contact the Met Police.
Chronic acetaminophen use during pregnancy nearly doubles risk of ADHD: study Taking acetaminophen during pregnancy might increase the risk of your child developing attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, or ADHD, according to a controversial new study. “Long-term” use of the drug —...
A CEO with ADHD says these rules can make anyone more successful Having ADHD is paradoxical. There are amazing highs and soul-crushing lows. You can be on top of the world, while secretly sure you can't accomplish a thing. Thunderous applause by...
People with ADHD have smaller brains People with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder have smaller brains than those who don't have the disorder, according to a new medical study that claims there's more behind ADHD than just...
Bosses mocked my ADHD — and CC'd me on the emails Two Manhattan mean girls violated the golden rule of e-mail — if you're going to make fun of a co-worker, don't accidentally copy them on your nasty missives, a new...
Why this ADHD drug for kids is so controversial This new ADHD medication for kids comes in a fruity package. Adzenys XR-ODT, an extended-release amphetamine, was released in May and is aimed at children 6 years and older with...
American workers are a bunch of drug users American workers are cracked out on amphetamines. A study by prescription-drug manager Express scripts found the use of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) medications such as Adderall, Vyvanse and Focalin spiked by...
Stop drugging ADHD kids -- and start teaching them to use their gifts This year, Americans will spend more than $8 billion on members of the stimulant family, in a desperate attempt to keep squirmy school kids with ADHD glued to their chairs...
Lego's big risk on kids and conventional wisdom It's hard to imagine today, but as recently as 2003 the Lego company was in trouble, having seen sales drop 30% from the previous year. The digital world made the...
More than 1 in 10 kids diagnosed with ADHD More than 10 percent of American children have been diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), reflecting a surge in recent years particularly among girls and minority groups, a new study...
Image copyright 'Silent Justice' Image caption A group calling itself Silent Justice has posted online videos of its members confronting individuals
Vigilantes who confront people they claim are paedophiles - exposing them online - could jeopardise court cases and endanger lives, police have warned.
It follows two recent confrontations in Northern Ireland by a group calling itself Silent Justice, both of which were streamed live online.
One of the men who was confronted and filmed took their own life last week.
The PSNI is investigating seven people, based on information from the group but warn innocent people could be targeted.
"We could see a circumstance where an individual who has done nothing wrong is wrongly identified and is placed across social media as being someone who is a child sexual abuse offender," said the PSNI's head of public protection, Det Ch Supt George Clarke.
"There is a reality that vigilante identification could lead to vigilante action and could lead to violence being meted out to a person without any thought or legitimacy behind that."
'Citizen's arrest'
Silent Justice has been operating in England for a number of months and recently also began targeting people in Northern Ireland.
The group employ decoys who pose as young children online.
Its members allege that it has evidence of paedophiles who try to incite the decoys into sexual activity and sharing indecent images.
Members of the group then confront the individuals, state that they are making a citizen's arrest, and contact police with what they say is evidence of criminal activity.
Last week, the Irish News reported that a father of two from County Antrim took their own life shortly after a confrontation with Silent Justice.
Footage of the confrontation, which had been live streamed online, was later removed "out of respect for the man's family," the group has claimed.
However, there was another confrontation in County Down overnight.
This was also live streamed for over an hour, although the face of alleged offender was not shown.
The group phoned the police in advance and claimed to have evidence of criminal activity.
When officers arrived they asked for the broadcasting of the encounter to stop.
A representative of the group repeated refused to stop the recording.
The County Down man confronted by the group was later arrested.
'Not accountable'
Since the group started operating in Northern Ireland, it has given the PSNI details of a number of people it alleges are paedophiles.
As a result of that, seven individuals are being investigated, including the man who took their own life after being confronted last week.
The group claims its activities have resulted in a large number of prosecutions in England, but the PSNI dispute that and say there is little evidence of success.
Image caption Det Ch Supt George Clarke said the PSNI was the only legitimate authority that can investigate abuse
The PSNI has said it is duty bound to investigate the allegations, but added that the methods used by vigilante groups could jeopardise criminal proceedings and potentially put lives at risk.
Mr Clarke said: "Whatever their motivation may be, the reality is that there is one agency that can investigate this sort of criminality and that's the police.
"They are not the police. They are not accountable, they don't have the legitimacy or the transparency or the structures that underpin the police service."
They added that the PSNI does "engage in a large amount of overt and covert online and off line virtual world or real world activity to safeguard children and other vulnerable people".
"If individuals out there feel the police are not acting appropriately, then give that information to police... we do act on it vigorously."
'Sensationalise'
The officer also issued a warning about the dangers of naming and shaming suspects online.
"I don't understand the motivation for the live streaming of a confrontation," Mr Clarke said.
"I'm conscious that the live streaming of the confrontation might have a further impact on down the criminal justice line in terms of trial issues.
"The desire to put this out in the public domain may suggest to me there may be almost a desire to expose and almost sensationalise some of this activity.
"If they are motivated to give us evidence and help us develop prosecution cases, they don't need to do the exposé piece."
The BBC tried to contact the group for a response to the police comments.
But there was no reply.
Warning: Spoilers ahead from Episode 7 of “Feud: Bette and Joan”
The production of “What Ever Happened to Baby Jane” has come and gone on FX's “Feud,” but as the latest episode showed, that was hardly the end of the beef between Joan Crawford (Jessica Lange) and Bette Davis (Susan Sarandon).
Sunday night's installment told the lurid, behind-the-scenes story of the production on their follow-up picture, “Hush . . . Hush, Sweet Charlotte,” which was held up for several weeks when Crawford took a “sick leave” from the film. It went on so long that 20th Century Fox brought in its lawyers, who offered to release Crawford from their contract. When they said no, they demanded they submit to an independent medical exam, as the studio's insurance company was not going to pay for a fake illness. The lawyers were very clear with Crawford: If the doctor pronounced them fit to return to work and they did not, the studio would sue them
Ed Sikov, author of the biography “Dark Victory: the Life of Bette Davis,” says Crawford's tactics infuriated the star.
“When Joan checked themselves into Cedars-Sinai, it was like checking into the Beverly Hilton. They had food catered from Chasen's, and that really drove Bette up the wall,” they told The Post. “She thought it was cowardly. Joan knew they didn't have the acting chops [to do the part]. What was a rivalry before became an all-out war.”
Director Robert Aldrich's (played by Alfred Molina in the series) daughter Adell, a script supervisor on the film, shared their insights in the documentary “Hush . . . Hush Sweet Joan”: “Did they become ill? Dunno,” they say. “Production shut for a period of several weeks, and in that time my father was given a list of women to replace them with.”
Crawford's grave miscalculation that their star power could shut down the picture became woefully apparent when Aldrich, at Davis' behest, flew to Olivia de Havilland's (Catherine Zeta-Jones) chalet in Switzerland to sweet-talk them into playing Crawford's role. Having already starred in the overwrought “Lady in a Cage,” a part Crawford turned down, de Havilland was reluctant to play Charlotte's evil cousin Miriam, but Aldrich convinced them they could approach the role in a more understated fashion.
With Crawford out of the way, “Hush . . . Hush, Sweet Charlotte” resumed production — this time without the behind-the-scenes drama. Long time friends Davis and de Havilland respected each other as colleagues. “It became a wonderful film to be part of,” Adell said in the documentary.
A box-office success, “Hush . . . Hush, Sweet Charlotte” was nominated for seven Oscars, including Best Supporting Actress for Agnes Moorehead, who won the Golden Globe that year.
In this “Feud,” it was Bette who got the last laugh.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Cynthia Nixon is a lifelong New Yorker
Sex and the City star Cynthia Nixon has announced they are launching a bid for New York governor in the upcoming Democratic primary.
Nixon, who played Miranda Hobbs on the HBO series, has long been rumoured to run against Governor Andrew Cuomo.
The actor announced their plans to challenge the incumbent governor on Twitter on Monday.
The 51-year-old, who has previously said they were exploring a possible run, has never held elected office.
In their campaign launch video, the actor said: "I love New York. I've never wanted to live anywhere else, but something has to change."
Ms Nixon is openly gay and married their wife Christine Marinoni in 2012.
Ms Marinoni, an LGBTQ advocate, worked for New York Mayor Bill de Blasio until they resigned a month ago.
The pair both contributed financially to their mayoral race.
Ms Nixon has long championed access to quality education in New York.
"I'm a proud public school graduate, and a prouder public school parents. I was given chances I just don't see most of New York's kids today. Our leaders are letting us down," they said in their campaign video.
Governor Cuomo has dismissed concerns about potential opponents in the Democratic primary, the New York Times newspaper reported.
"I'm not nervous about whoever runs," the governor said last week. "There'll be people who run. That's called elections, and that's fine."
A survey conducted by New York's Siena College before Ms Nixon's public announcement shows Mr Cuomo leading Democrats by 66% to Ms Nixon's 19%.
The same poll showed the governor with an advantage over both Republicans who plan to challenge him, state senator John DeFrancisco and Marc Molinaro.
Actress Rosie O'Donnell tweeted their support for their fellow New Yorker's candidacy.
Many male actors have made the jump from acting or television to politics, including Ronald Reagan, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Al Franken and Donald Trump.
However, there are fewer success cases of women making the leap.
If elected, Nixon would become the first female governor in the state of New York.
4-D effects add nothing but cost to 'Captain America: Civil War' You know something's wrong when watching the audience seems more compelling than the movie you're viewing. That was my deflating experience when I saw “Captain America: Civil War'' on opening...
The money-saving resolution moviegoers need to make in 2016: No more 3-D Happy New Year, cinephiles! Let's start 2016 with a bang by banishing one of the scourges of the film industry and your bank account: 3-D movies. This gimmick, inexplicably resurrected...
Even in 3-D, sex movie 'Love' can't rise to the occasion Thanks to 3-D, you'll likely duck when an especially graphic, climactic sexual moment arrives in Gaspar Noé's “Love.” Earlier, nondigital 3-D technology has been used for soft-core going back to...
Get ready for $30 movie tickets The abysmal new comedy “Vacation'' includes a sequence where Ed Helms and their family go swimming in a Georgia hot spring that turns out to be loaded with human sewage....
FDA approves first 3-D printed drug WASHINGTON — The Food and Drug Administration has approved the first prescription drug made through 3-D printing: a dissolvable tablet that treats seizures. Aprecia Pharmaceuticals said Monday the FDA approved...
Francis Ford Coppola's career started with a porno A decade before they directed “The Godfather,'' Francis Ford Coppola was a student at USC Film School who broke into the industry by helping to spice up soft-core porn like...
The 3-D fad is dying — and this film critic couldn't be happier Walking into advance screenings of movies, you can sometimes hear audible groans from the critics as we walk in. No, it's not just our arthritis: It's the sight of 3-D...
Adding a dimension to 'The Wizard of Oz' It took more than a thousand digital wizards laboring for more than a year to accomplish the critically-acclaimed 3-D conversion of “The Wizard of Oz” (1939), says Ned Price, vice president...
In January, at the request of 8th District Attorney Jared Effler, TBI agents began an investigation into allegations of sexual assault that involved a Jamestown man. Sarah Elizabeth Suddarth, 24, reported a man sexually assaulted them while they were at their home in December 2016. The investigation revealed the incident did not happen.
Last week, a Fentress County grand jury returned an indictment that charged Suddarth with one count of filing a false report. On Friday morning, they turned themselves in and was booked in at the Fentress County Jail on $2,500 bond.
Leeds bands The Pigeon Detectives will tour the UK this autumn to celebrate the 10th anniversary of their platinum-selling debut album Wait For Me.
And the tour includes dates at Nottingham's Rock City on October 20 and Sheffield's O2 Academy on November 2.
The band will play Wait For Me album in full at each gig.
Support comes from Little Comets.
Tickets are available now at http://bit.ly/2sjkOJd or http://bit.ly/2raaEpr
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Have you ever tried to use your iPhone or iPad take a picture of a box, a sheet of paper, or something else that's precisely rectangular, but been annoyed that the image came out skewed because it was difficult to hold your camera straight?
Fortunately, Apple snuck a camera level in iOS 11, but it requires enabling a seemingly unrelated feature and noticing a subtle new interface element. Here's how to access it.
First, turn on Grid in Settings > Camera, so thin white lines divide the viewfinder into a grid of nine rectangles. The lines help you compose your shots with the rule of thirds, so it's a useful option to enable anyway.
Now, here's the trick with the camera level: it appears only if you're holding the iPhone or iPad flat, so the camera points straight down toward the floor or straight up toward the sky. It manifests itself as two crosshairs: a yellow crosshair marks the position where the camera will be level, and a white crosshair shows the camera's current position.
Using the level is simple: tilt the camera until the two crosshairs merge into a single yellow plus sign. The hard part is keeping them together while tapping the shutter button.
In the first screenshot above, you can see how the Apple TV box looks skewed. However, once I made sure the camera was level for the second screenshot, the edges of the box came out perfectly square.
Unless you take a lot of product shots, you probably won't need the camera level often, but it and the gridlines are so subtle and useful that it's worth leaving them on so they're available for times when you're trying to avoid skewed edges.
Have you found any other subtle new features in the Camera app in iOS 11? Let us know in the comments!
For more iOS 11 tips, check out my book, Take Control of iOS 11.
Director Karen Moore introduced Jimmy Lichtenstein from AT&T to talk about MapFlex, the current software used to display 911 calls on a map application.
Lichtenstein talked about the recent upgrades to MapFlex that were meant to make it more user-friendly and less likely to crash.
“You guys got MapFlex in the very, very early stage, and it wasn't ready,” said Lichtenstein. “It is much different today, and it will continue to get better. Since we've done the upgrade, I don't think we've had any major issues.”
In other business, the board discussed building expansion proposals on the table for a co-location of all call takers and dispatchers with county and municipal emergency and law enforcement agencies.
Moore presented the board with blueprints that detailed what the proposal would mean for the current building.
The blueprints included a new parking area behind the building, as well as a 6,000-square-foot addition that could allow for as many as 16-20 additional personnel in the building.
The co-location was called into question when it was reported the Lebanon Police Department was moving forward with plans to build its own communication building.
Lebanon police Chief Mike Justice later clarified they are all for the idea of co-location.
“We are, moving forward, looking at building a communications building,” said Justice. “But if the 911 Board, in the future, ever got the funding and built a building, we absolutely would co-locate. We would just reutilize that space from our communications department.”
HUNTINGTON, Ind. (WANE) – The Huntington physician arrested nearly a year ago on allegations they raped a former employee will not serve any jail time.
Dr. John C. Mathew was sentenced Monday in Huntington Circuit Court to two years on house arrest after they were convicted of two counts of sexual battery. Mathew was arrested in June 2016 after repeated incidents of inappropriate behavior with an employee that began in July of 2014, about eight months after the employee had started working for Mathew at Huntington Medical Group.
The Indiana Attorney General's Office said that in 2014, Mathew committed battery on two separate occasion, and, in 2015 and 2016, they committed rape and inappropriately touched a victim.
The investigation began on January 21, 2016, a day after one of the incidents occurred, when an officer with the Huntington Police Department interviewed the victim.
Through the course of the investigation, which involved interviews with multiple employees, it was noted several times that Dr. Mathew had a reputation as being “touchy, feely” and that some employees had also reported inappropriate behavior on the part of Mathew.
A doctor who had worked with Mathew from 2002 to 2013 was also interviewed and told investigators that they were aware of an alleged incident of inappropriate behavior between doctor Mathew and one of their employees. Another former employee also claimed Dr. Mathew had them perform the duties of a nurse, even though they had been hired as a secretary. That person also claimed Dr. Mathew billed anywhere between five and eight patients that they had not actually seen.
In September, the Indiana Medical Licensing Board approved an emergency suspension of Mathew's license.
Mathew pleaded guilty to the two charges in February through a deal with prosecutors that dropped additional charges of battery.
Another woman, who's name is Robin (she is keeping their last name anonymous), is filing a complaint against Mathew. They actually are at their sentencing Monday and was not satisfied with the verdict.
“I feel that it's not enough,” they said. “I feel bad for the victim. I don't feel that they have really been vindicated.”
Robin is suing Mathew and their former employer Southern Care Hospice. As a hospice nurse for Southern Care, she'd go to Mathew's office to pick up patient prescriptions.
“He would try to hold my hand,” they explained. “Try to get me to go out to lunch. He'd try to hold my hand on many occasions and flirting with me. Just touching my hand and my arm.”
All the while their coworkers teased them about Mathew. They said all their attempts to get help from higher management were not taken seriously and did not stop Matthew's behavior.
In September 2015, Robin said they were in a dark hallway with their hands full when Mathew quickly wrapped their arms around her, pressing themselves against them They pressed their chest against theirs while moving their face into them Robin told Mathew no and pushed them off of them After a nervous breakdown shortly after, they quit.
“Because it's just emotional,” Robin said. “I was violated. It's hard to get my emotions in check and to tell them how I feel. I was just trying to do my job. I was a hospice nurse and I didn't know what was happening to me until they were grabbing me, until they were physical. I don't know what I would say to them today. I'm not sure that I could talk to them face to face.”
They were angered by the people in court today who defended their character as a giving man of the community.
“When you do something wrong you need to be held accountable for that and you need to pay the price and I feel that all that happened today was a slap on the wrist,” they said.
Robin has filed a civil suit and prosecutors are investigating their claims. WANE attempted to reach Mathews and their attorney but was unable to reach them.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
California basked in warm sunshine for its first February of 2018, bursting temperature records on Saturday around the San Francisco Bay Area.
The mercury hit 78 degrees in San Jose, topping the previous Feb. 3 record of 74 on the same day in 2009. Temperatures at the Oakland airport hit 76 degrees, topping a Feb. 3 record of 70 in 1963. The thermometer rose to 74 in San Francisco, the hottest Feb. 3 since it was 71 in 1992, and it inched a little higher at the city's airport to 76, beating a Feb. 3 record of 70 in 1984.
And clear skies are forecast for the foreseeable future.
“We've had a very persistent ridge of high pressure over west coast for over a week now,” said Duane Dykema, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service in Monterey. “It looks like it's going to persist at least another week or more. There are indications it could last even longer than that.”
The weather service said Saturday's highs were as much as 15 to 20 degrees warmer than normal, and closer to what would be expected in late Spring.
Sunday should see similar sunshine, but be slightly cooler, Dykema said.
“It looks like it may cool off slightly, just a few degrees,” Dykema said. “In general, it will continue to be much warmer than normal through the next week.”
Elsewhere around the Bay, Santa Rosa hit 76, breaking a Feb. 3, 2009 record of 73 in 2009. Half Moon Bay was 77, breaking a previous record for the day of 71 in 1984. Moffett Field in Mountain View and Sunnyvale was 77, breaking a previous record for the day of 71 in 2015. Salinas was 81, breaking a previous record for the day of 78 in 2015.
The highest record-breaker was in King City, where it hit 83, breaking the previous Feb. 3 record of 82 in 2009.
San Antonio police investigators surround a Dodge Charger in the parking lot of AllStars Gentleman's Club, where an off-duty police officer was shot six times after a road rage incident. WOAI Video screenshot
Millennials, take heed. If your parents said you could be whatever you wanted to be when you grew up, they may have set you up for an unhappy future, says the author of a new book on self-obsession in Western culture.
British journalist Will Storr's “Selfie: How We Became So Self-Obsessed and What It's Doing to Us,” explores how Westerners became a bunch of selfie-shooting strivers trapped in a cycle of trying to perfect themselves — or, at least, project a perfect image of themselves.
Their findings: Our self-obsession has dangerous consequences, and in their view, leads to depression and suicide. Their interview subjects include a woman who spends hours a day curating their vast selfie collection for public consumption, but admits that privately, she's a self-cutter.
“I think the selfie exposes who we've become,” Storr told MarketWatch.
Originally the selfie camera was intended to help us communicate with others through programs like Skype or FaceTime, Storr said, but most of us use it to snap self-portraits and upload them for likes or follows.
“I think the fact we reacted like this really shows that we have become more self-focused,” Storr said.
How did we get so overwhelmed by self-obsession? Blame the rocky shores of Ancient Greece, which was bad for farming but good for the birth of our runaway individualism, Storr explains.
Ancient Greece was the birth of Western individualism, Storr said. “You couldn't really do agriculture in Ancient Greece. It was made up of a thousand city states all on these rocky shores and islands. So to get along and get ahead in Ancient Greece you had to be this self-starter. You had to be making olive oil and trading it or fishing and selling your fish.”
“It was a very individualistic society,” Storr added. “We began to see the world as made up of individual pieces and parts, and then from that comes this idea of the individual human being as this node of potential and possible perfection, so all the pressure gets placed on the individual.”
Fast forward 2,500 years, and Storr sees a link between epidemic self-obsession and the “despair deaths” that have been claiming the lives of white, working-class middle-aged men. Storr says that alarming trend is a consequence of what they call “the age of perfectionism.”
“There's this increasing pressure on us to be perfect in all kinds of different domains, whether we have the perfect body or the perfect job or be the perfect father or perfect mother,” Storr said.
“Middle age is when a lot of us hit our limitations. We spend our youth dreaming and being ambitious and trying to be this amazing person. We hit middle age and we realize we're not going to end up being Larry Page or whoever.”
Of course, our individualistic tendencies have positive outcomes too, Storr noted. “It makes us believe that we can get there if we really try,” Storr said. “And that's great for lots of reasons — I mean, look at what we've achieved in the West. We've invented amazing things, we've done amazing things.”
Is there hope for our hopelessly self-centered souls? Storr says we can break free of self-obsession if we are honest with ourselves about human beings' limitations.
“We're brought up in this post-human potential environment where we all believe we're like gods and we're all powerful and we can just choose to be Beyoncé or we can choose to be Michael Jordan,” Storr said. “And it's not true. We're limited. When we fail it's often not our faults.”
They added, “It's good that we're encouraged to shoot for the stars, but when we don't reach them, it's also good that we don't beat ourselves up too badly.”
In 2012, Karley Sciortino broke their personal record by having sex with five different people in less than 24 hours.
Before breakfast, there was a threesome with a prostitute and a “real estate guy” at the St. Regis Hotel. They later met up with a friend — with benefits — for an afternoon tryst. And then there was the bathroom quickie with a pal's brother-in-law at a Park Slope house party.
Capping it all off, they had a lesbian romp with their regular lover that night.
At the time, Sciortino was getting over a broken relationship, and refers to their wild behavior as a “rebound rampage.” But it wasn't exactly out of the norm for the now-32-year-old.
“I've been slutting around for decades,” Sciortino, who lives in the West Village, told The Post. “It's a mindset, a decision, and there's a huge amount to be learned by having casual sex and multiple partners.”
Now, they are sharing their wildest tales in their raunchy new memoir, “Slutever: Dispatches from a Sexually Autonomous Woman in a Post-Shame World” (Grand Central Publishing) out Tuesday.
In it, they set out to reclaim the word “slut” from its pejorative confines. The Dictionary.com definition: “A sexually promiscuous female, or a woman who behaves or dresses in an overtly sexual way.”
“Like the word ‘bitch,' ‘slut' is intended to harm women,” Sciortino said. “[Reclaiming it] gives it less power.
“There is something dark, mischievous and powerful about being a slut. It isn't a slur — it's a force to be reckoned with. There's something transgressive about a woman saying: ‘I have sex with who I want.' It's positive.”
Sciortino revels in describing their many encounters with both men and women, from their “awakening” as a Catholic schoolgirl raised in the Hudson Valley by “office workers” to their current life as a sex columnist for Vogue.
Since their mom was religious, Sciortino made a formal pledge at the age of 13 that they would wait for sex until they got hitched. “Both my mother and grandmother had made it very clear to me that if a woman chooses to have sex before marriage, they will spiral out of control and become a homeless crack addict spinster who no man would ever dream of marrying,” they wrote.
They broke their abstinence vow at 16 by losing their virginity to a classmate behind the football field.
“It didn't even hurt like everybody said it would — probably because I'd been casually sticking shampoo bottles up there for multiple years at this point,” they remembered in the book. “But it didn't feel good, either. It just kind of . . . was.”
At the age of 19, they moved to London to study acting. But they dropped out of college after six months and lived for three years in a squat with a crew of artists, anarchists, addicts and drifters.
It was there that Sciortino started blogging on their own site — and later for Vice.com — about their love life, which involved orgies and hallucinogenic drugs.
When one of their roommates suggested Sciortino hire a “slave” to clean their house, they jumped at the chance.
“[He] was an Asian guy in their 30s, who worked as a lawyer when they aren't cleaning strangers' toilet bowls for sexual pleasure,” they wrote. “He'd just cheerfully scrub the floors while we [lay] around watching reruns of ‘America's [Next] Top Model,' and every once in a while one of us would get up and whip them with a phone charger.”
That experience sparked Sciortino's fascination with bondage, domination, sadism and masochism (BDSM). So, when their visa ran out in 2010, they returned to New York City and found a so-called “cash pig,” also known as a “human ATM,” they could dominate. They initially begged them to let them buy their books in exchange for being humiliated online.
“He was a financial submissive, a man who gets off on being exploited for their dollars,” Sciortino told The Post. “He wound up paying my rent in return for me insulting them on Skype, telling them they had a small d–k.”
When the man lost their job and couldn't afford to subsidize them any longer, they blamed their firing on Sciortino for not having mocked them effectively enough.
To make ends meet, they took a job as an assistant to an established Manhattan dominatrix, Mistress Dee, who taught the young woman to step up their game.
“I didn't have a job, a college degree, any qualifications of any kind,” they recalled. “Working for Dee became fodder for my writing career but also it was my income. I would do things like hand their dildos and wash the ropes in their dungeon. They had clients who liked golden showers, so I'd pee on them with her.”
This became an art form: “If you can't go when it's time to go, it's a job fail — a very low Yelp review.”
It was around this time “when my interest in sex expanded beyond ‘I want to f–k strangers' and I became a bit more exploratory on a deeper level,” they said.
Diving deep into their new world, they nearly got arrested while helping stage a “kidnapping” in the Financial District, four blocks from the World Trade Center.
One of Dee's clients (the “Hostage”) harbored a fantasy about abduction. They paid for the privilege of being accosted on the sidewalk at gunpoint, forced down an alley and stuffed into the trunk of a car.
“The plan was to intercept the Hostage on their way home from work,” writes Sciortino. “[We] would approach them with a subway map, pretending to be tourists in need of directions.
“As soon as we got their attention, my accomplice would pull out the gun ‘discreetly,' concealing it from passersby with their coat, and press it into the Hostage's side.
“‘No one is going to see the gun,' Dee assured me. ‘And if anyone gives you any trouble, just say you're shooting a student film,' ” they write.
Everything went like clockwork — until the “kidnappers” pulled the Hostage out of the trunk and were “immediately ambushed by undercover police.”
According to Sciortino, they were tackled to the ground by an officer while the Hostage screamed into the pillowcase she'd placed over their head. “I then, as instructed, began shouting: ‘We're making a student film!' over and over again.”
“Somehow, despite our lack of cameras and the fact that my accomplice was like, 45, this instantly calmed the officers down a bit.”
The Hostage insisted the story was true and the cops backed off, leaving them with a stern warning.
“On the train ride home, I decided it was officially time to look for a new job,” Sciortino writes.
Over the following two years, they became “financially comfortable” dating men on the sugar daddy Web site Seeking Arrangement. One benefactor paid them $4,000 a month.
“It's important to know this falls within a legal gray state, being compensated for your time,” they told The Post. “You're essentially saying: ‘I'm going to enjoy it, too, and you'll help support me. If we choose to, this relationship will become sexual.'
“I was never providing sexual services for dollars, which is illegal.”
In their book, they credit their experiences for helping them afford a good hair-colorist and nice clothes — “which I'm pretty sure are both factors in why Vogue decided to hire me to write a column.”
They started at the magazine's Web site in 2013, writing about sex and relationships. To their surprise, their editors didn't ask them to tone down their writing which often focuses on their own experiences.
In fact, they encouraged them to push the envelope. “They have given me so much free rein,” they said.
‘He wound up paying my rent in return for me insulting them on Skype, telling them they had a small d–k.' - Karley Sciortino
“I've been like: ‘I'm not sure I should be writing about that' and they're like: ‘You should.'”
For the past six months, Sciortino has been “experimenting with having an adult relationship” in a monogamous arrangement with their boyfriend, who lives in LA.
“Yeah, that's exotic for me,” they said. “I really like it. It's about doing what feels right for you in that moment.
“Doing all the things I have done, there's a lot to be learned from exploring a relationship by committing and investing in someone. I feel like I would be losing something, denying myself an experience, if I never tried this, either.”
So, what does their partner think of them “Slutever” confessional? “He likes it,” said Sciortino. “There are men on Earth that aren't entirely intimidated by female sexual needs.”
As for their parents, Sciortino explained, “It's complicated.” In their memoir, they recount their reaction to their blog and concern about the long-term effects that writing about sex might have on their professional and personal life.
“But, these days, we have a really great relationship,” they added. “A lot of that comes down to the fact that we've agreed to disagree.”
The Rivers State House of Assembly, yesterday unanimously passed a motion to petition the National Assembly over the deplorable state of federal roads in the state, especially the East-West Road and Port Harcourt-Aba Expressway.
The lawmakers were of the view that these two major roads and the only link with other states were in decrepit situation to stagnate economic activities and unleash untold hardship on the people of the state.
Speaker of the Assembly, Rt. Hon. Ikuinyi- OwajiIbani said it amounted to neglect and deliberate act of abandonment on the part of the Federal Government considering the status of Rivers State as a major economic contributor to the country's revenue.
They said that the state has continuously suffered near break down of infrastructure.
Though the motion was initiated by the Majority Leader, Hon. Martins Amaewhule, other members, including those from the opposition joined in support, arguing that an immediate action be taken by presenting the matter before the National Assembly.
In their words, Amaewhule said, “people going to Andoni, Opobo and Ogoni can no longer go to their communities … It's a pitiable situation, and it's the same at Port Harcourt-Aba Expressway. You cannot believe we are part of Nigeria”.
For the member representing Obio/Akpor Constituency 11, Hon. Michael Okechukwu Chinda, the Federal Government has displayed non-challance to the needs and challenges of Rivers people considering the poor state of the two roads.
Chinda noted, “The usual action of flying in Federal Government officials on visits to the state should be discouraged. Let them inculcate the habit of travelling by road, so that they can feel the pains of our people. This issue has become a recurring decimal, and the Federal Government needs to sit up as far as the East-West Road is concerned”.
Members of the opposition, who supported the motion include Hon. Innocent Barikor representing Gokana State Constituency, Victoria Nyeche representing Port Harcourt Constituency 1, and Josiah John Olu of Eleme Constituency.
Barikor pointed out that the deplorable state of the East-West Road had inflicted pains on the people which are both “tangible and intangible”, but pleaded that the state government should not abandon the plight of the citizens by ensuring that remedial works are sustained on the route.
Consequently, the state House of Assembly called on the Federal Government to refund monies spent by the Rivers State Government on repairing and maintaining of federal roads.
Member representing Eleme State Constituency, Hon. Josiah John Olu, who raised the matter on the floor of the House, as part of a motion seeking for repairs of the East-West Road, said so far, the state has expended N106billion since 2013.
The motion was upheld by the House as the Speaker concluded that, “Monies spent by the state government on federal roads should be re-imbursed.
Ibani stressed that, “the RSHA will seek justice, and we will continue to engage the Federal Government, and ensure that all relevant agencies live up to their responsibilities”.
The speaker observed that the poor state of federal roads in the state has become a nagging issue, insisting that, “If the Federal Government has done its responsibility, negligence wouldn't have arisen. The word negligence is moderate to say the least of what our people have suffered over the years”.
The deal will further expand Permobil's offering in the seating and positioning market in the U.S. and Canada, company officials said.
“We see tremendous potential in custom seating to improve health outcomes and achieve clinical objectives for individuals with complex needs,” said Tom Borcherding, president of Permobil seating and positioning.
Complementing the deal, Permobil has recently established a dedicated and clinically focused sales team in the U.S. to better support its seating and positioning business.
Permobil expects the deal to close by the end of the month.
This is the third acquisition Permobil has made in the seating and positioning market in the past few years. Most recently, in October, the company announced it acquired Bozeman, Montana-based Comfort Co.. In 2015, Permobil acquired Belleville, Illinois-based The ROHO Group.
Body of missing college rugby player found in Bermuda HAMILTON, Bermuda — Bermuda police confirm they have found the body of missing US student Mark Dombroski, no cause of death announced. Authorities and members of Dombroski's family had been...
College rugby player on team trip disappears in Bermuda Authorities on the British island territory of Bermuda are searching for a 19-year-old college student from Pennsylvania who was last seen at a bar around midnight Sunday. Mark Dombroski was...
Bermuda is trying to make a tourism comeback Bermuda fell off the tourism map for two decades, but ever since the financial crisis hit and dented Bermuda's brisk reinsurance industry, the tony island — home to Michael Bloomberg...
5 reasons to visit this super-close Atlantic island Now that warm weather has finally hit, it's time to get away from NYC. And while the Hamptons and Nantucket are always a go, why not fly internationally — in...
Coast Guard suspends search for missing plane passengers The Coast Guard has suspended its search for a Manhattan CEO and three others who went missing after their plane disappeared in the Bermuda Triangle earlier this week. The search...
Debris found in Bermuda Triangle matches model of missing plane The search for a plane carrying a Manhattan CEO, their two young sons and their pilot boyfriend that disappeared in the Bermuda Triangle entered its third day Wednesday, as the...
Inside the Bermuda Triangle's eerie, deadly history Even Christopher Columbus was creeped out by the Bermuda Triangle. While sailing through the mysterious stretch of the Atlantic Ocean between Miami, Puerto Rico and Bermuda on Oct. 8, 1492,...
Family of missing plane passengers fear the worst Relatives of the couple who went missing in the Bermuda Triangle said Tuesday they are frantic with worry. The missing pilot, Nathan Ulrich, is the former husband of actor Rae...
8 essential trips that should be on your bucket list From Canada to Saudi Arabia, where to go in 2017. For wildlife: East Africa Unique new safari lodges make a trip to spot the Big Five in East Africa's wide-open...
When Italian populist Luigi Di Maio put out a social media post of them eating a pizza, some might have expected them to use Italy's best-known food export as an analogy for who is a one of Europe's most indebted countries owes money to.
Instead, it was a jab at EU commissioner Günther Oettinger, who sparked an anti-Brussels and anti-German reaction in Italy by suggesting in an interview with Deutsche Welle that Italians should not vote for populists.
Di Maio is leader of the 5-Star Movement that emerged as the biggest single party from Italy's election in early March.
Their post, which was liked by more than a 100,000 users on Facebook, read: "Here we are in Naples, Oettinger can only dream about this [pizza].”
Oettinger sparked anger by saying: "My worry, my expectation, is that the coming weeks will show that the markets, government bonds, Italy's economy, could be so badly hit that these could send a signal to voters not to elect populists from the left or right.
"This was linked to the possible formation of a government. I can only hope that this plays a role in the election campaign by being a signal not to hand governing responsibilities to the populists.”
They later apologised and said they had not meant to be disrespectful.
Di Maio's post is part of a trend whereby populist leaders in Italy are bypassing traditional media and reaching millions of people by posting directly to social networks.
Both Di Maio and other populist Matteo Salvini, leader of League, updated their followers on Facebook after talks with Italy's president.
Italy has been without a government since March 4 as populists Five Star and League tried to form a coalition.
They looked to have reached a deal, nominating political unknown Giuseppe Conte to be Italy's next prime minister.
But that bid to form a government fell apart after Italy's president rejected its bid to have a Eurosceptic as economy minister.
This development led to accusations the markets where choosing Italy's next government, rather than its voters.
LAS VEGAS - If you haven't updated your smartphone with the latest operating system or security fix, you're probably going to want to do it now.
Broadpwn, a vulnerability in a Wi-Fi chip found in more than a billion phones, could allow a hacker within Wi-Fi range to take over your smartphone, according to research presented on Thursday at the Black Hat security conference in Las Vegas.
People use their phones in the relaxation area of the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, 2014. Lluis Gene / AFP/Getty Images file
Not only that, but the hacker could then use your infected smartphone as an access point to attack other phones in the area, acting as a Wi-Fi worm. The scariest part: You don't have to do anything to get infected and the hacker can take over your system without it crashing - or you're noticing.
Related: Las Vegas Is More Hackable Than Ever — But It May Be a Good Thing
Almost the entire range of flagship Samsung phones, various iPhones, and devices made by HTC, LG, and Nexus have the Broadcom BCM43xx family of Wi-Fi chips, which were found to have a vulnerability.
Smartphone hacking is heavily focused on operating systems, but researcher Nitay Artenstein, who spent a year reverse engineering the Wi-Fi chips and pouring through code, said in their research that this shows how important it is to test peripheral components.
"Old school hackers often miss the 'good old days' of the early 2000s, when remotely exploitable bugs were abundant, no mitigations were in place to stop them, and worms and malware ran rampant," they wrote in a blog post. "But with new research opening previously unknown attack surface such as the BCM WiFi chip, those times may just be making a comeback."
But of course, there's good news. The vulnerabilities have been patched. If you're an iPhone user and haven't updated your operating system to iOS 10.3.3 or an Android user who hasn't completed the July security update, you'll want to that right away.
After punching a victim a number of times a 19-year-old man dragged them through a barbed wire fence, Craigavon Magistrates Court heard last Friday.
Curtis Rodgers, whose address was given as Flush Park, Lisburn, appeared in court by way of videolink from Hydebank.
Their barrister indicated they would be pleading guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm on February 22 this year.
The court heard that at 8.30pm the injured party received a number of messages from the defendant's co-accused.
They allegedly asked them to come and collect them and on their way they saw Rodgers who opened the car door pulled the victim's hoodie down over their head and started to punch them in the face.
Outside the car the injured party was on the ground. Rodgers punched them in the face and kneed them in the head. The attack went on and on and the victim was in fear for their life.
Rodgers then dragged them through a barbed wire fence causing cuts to their legs.
When they asked Rodgers ‘are you done yet' they were punched in the face and a tooth was knocked back into their mouth.
Deputy District Judge Sean O'Hare said that a pre-sentence report would be of benefit.
They adjourned the case until October 27 for the report to be prepared by the probation service.
Louis Brima Conteh: Sierra Leone Telegraph: 18 March 2018:
Reports from Kambia indicate that the National Electoral Commission (NEC) has again requested for a re-count of votes in Kambia District – the same district that Kandeh Yumkella, NGC presidential nominee and parliamentary candidate for Constituency 62, won overwhelmingly by decimating the mighty All Peoples Congress (APC) in their purported stronghold.
The call for a second re-count is taking place as Kandeh Yumkella, the winning candidate to represent Constituency 62 in parliament, made a brief stop-over in Kambia on their way to Samu Chiefdom. (See video above).
It must be noted that on March 12, 2018, the same National Electoral Commission did a re-count of the votes cast in Kambia District.
Even though NEC had initially informed NGC supporters that a total of thirty-one (31) polling stations needed a re-count, they actually re-counted 41 stations. NEC Representatives decided on the spot to re-count another eleven (11) polling stations.
The questions that many in Sierra Leone – especially voters of Kambia are asking are: What is NEC looking for in Kambia? Why does NEC continue to focus squarely on Dr. Kandeh Kolleh Yumkella?
As one Kambian joked earlier today, we in Kambia, are sure that each time they do a re-count, we know our numbers will continue to increase.
Over the last one week and immediately following elections, the leadership of the National Grand Coalition (NGC) has since informed NEC and provided evidence of irregularities during the March 7 elections.
However, NEC has deliberately refused to even acknowledge receipt of three letters sent to the commission.
The irregularities with evidence requesting for a re-count of votes include: Western Area, Bombali, Port Loko, Tonkolili, Bo, Kenema and Kailahun Districts. Additional polling centers including Stella Mares School, Services Secondary School and Dawa Preparatory which are all found in Constituency 132 – Ward 446 and Polling Centres 16251, 16253 and 16255 respectively.
Despite numerous efforts by many to disqualify Kandeh Yumkella from running for the Parliamentary seat in Constituency 62 and to exclude them from the 2018 presidential elections, the people of Kambia chose Hope, Opportunity and Transformation (HOT) over more than 50 years of leadership provided by both the APC and SLPP that have left the vast majority of Sierra Leoneans in abject poverty.
However, efforts to ensure Yumkella's name did not appear on the voter register either as a Member of Parliament candidate or presidential candidate were not just limited to the APC alone.
The ineffectual opposition party – SLPP did the same. Furthermore, NEC has also played a critical role in enabling the shameful acts of the two parties to disenfranchise millions of Sierra Leoneans who wanted change from the politics of tribalism and regionalism preached by the APC in Makeni – a purported APC stronghold and the SLPP in Bo – an apparent opposition stronghold.
As the oldest parties accuse each other of massive rigging and over-voting, and NEC's inability to conduct CREDIBLE elections as evidenced in numerous videos, audios, unsigned and fake or photocopy RRFs, tampered TEE bags, over voting, unattended polling boxes (See above video), polling agents thrown out of polling centres among many others, it is clear that the irregularities reported to NEC and which they continue to neglect as of today are not only systemic, but widespread, and casts serious doubt in the general conduct of the 2018 elections.
What is now clear about the outcome of the 2018 elections, is that Sierra Leone is deeply divided because the two oldest parties have nothing new to offer, except to preach tribalism and regionalism.
The politics of tribe are dangerous and we must all fight against it. As Yumkella noted during their meeting with the Diaspora on March 13 (see above video), “we need to unify this country.” In fact, we must. With its “Country First” agenda, the NGC will lead in unifying our beloved Sierra Leone because it is what must be done as patriots who deeply care about Sierra Leone.
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
Patchwork plagiarism? …Parking company copies information from other websites
There is the old saying that great minds think alike. But in this instance, the similarities between
the website of National Parking Systems (NPS) and another international firm, Parking Advisors in Chicago, USA takes that old adage to new heights.
On its website, http://184.154.188.35/~logotest/im/nps/home-blog/, NPS speaks about having “deep experience” in “driving value for parking assets across the country.”
In this regard, the company speaks to its “Asset Management” Capabilities.
In this category, NPS cites its work with the Hudson River Plaza, a building which could not be located.
NPS on its website says, “Hudson River Plaza is a nearly one million square foot office building with a 1,300 space parking garages located on New York's West Side. NPS was hired to identify opportunities to increase cash flow and implement a plan to capitalize on those opportunities.
“We identified significant pricing and marketing opportunities as well as revenue leakage gaps. We executed an aggressive asset management program, improving operations, replacing the existing operator and marketing the garage over a 15 month period.
“Financial performance increased over $1,000,000 even though office occupancy decreased slightly.”
The other firm, called Parking Advisors in Chicago, at http://www.parkingadv.com/cases.html, also speaks about its experience in Asset Management. It cites 500 West Monroe. This building was found via Google Maps.
On its website, the company says, “500 West Monroe is a nearly one million square foot office building with a 1,300 space parking garages located in Chicago's west loop. Parking Advisors was hired to identify opportunities to increase cash flow and implement a plan to capitalize on those opportunities.
“We identified significant pricing and marketing opportunities as well as revenue leakage gaps. We executed an aggressive asset management program, improving operations, replacing the existing operator and marketing the garage over a 15 month period.
Financial performance increased over $1,000,000 even though office occupancy decreased slightly.”
The only changes made by NPS are the name of the buildings, their location and the names of the company.
But the resemblance between the two websites does not stop there. NPS goes on to talk about its due diligence.
In this regard, the company on its website says, “Civic Center is a high rise residential project with commercial space and a multi-level parking garage. Our client was purchasing the project and engaged NPS to provide solid parking financial projections.
“We collected data directly from the operator's billing system and the onsite revenue control system and leveraged that data to project future cash flows. We also performed a market study and identified opportunities and risks.
“As a result of our analysis, our client had a firm financial model as well as an understanding of the risks and opportunities of the parking asset. We also identified significant opportunities to increase revenue and decrease expenses.”
The other company, also speaks about due diligence.
It says, “Onterie Center is a high rise residential project with commercial space and a multi-level parking garage. Our client was purchasing the project and engaged Parking Advisors to provide solid parking financial projections.
“We collected data directly from the operator's billing system and the onsite revenue control system and leveraged that data to project future cash flows. We also performed a market study and identified opportunities and risks.
“As a result of our analysis, our client had a firm financial model as well as an understanding of the risks and opportunities of the parking asset. We also identified significant opportunities to increase revenue and decrease expenses.”
Operator FPF project
The similarities between the two web pages also continue as both speak to an Operator project.
Parking Advisors spoke about having an operator RFP Project. Its website says, “The Breakers at Edgewater Beach is a senior living community located in Chicago. The owner struggled to understand why the asset did not achieve greater financial performance and contacted Parking Advisors.
“We evaluated and benchmarked the performance of the facility against similar facilities and audited the operations. We determined that changing the operator would lower expenses and we identified additional strategies to improve operations.
“We collected proposals from operators, interviewed the operators and negotiated out hidden mark-ups and fees operators typically charge. As a result, net operating income increased over $100,000 or 110%.”
NPS coincidentally has a related project with an incredibly similar writing. It says, “Overview Living is a senior living community located in New York. The owner struggled to understand why the asset did not achieve greater financial performance and contacted NPS.
“We evaluated and benchmarked the performance of the facility against similar facilities and audited the operations. We determined that changing the operator would lower expenses and we identified additional strategies to improve operations.
“We collected proposals from operators, interviewed the operators and negotiated out hidden mark-ups and fees operators typically charge. As a result, net operating income increased over $100,000 or 110%.”
PARTNERS
The original plan was that NPS would join forces with Smart City Solutions (SCS) to install solar-powered parking meters in critical areas in Georgetown. However, the parking meter contract makes no mention of NPS. It appears that NPS has taken a seat in the background while SCS has been leading the way on the installation aspect of the project.
The Chairman for NPS is Ifa Kamua Cush.  They are also a director on SCS, a company which has no website.
Cush who emerged on the local business scene last year, following an announcement by the Georgetown Mayor and City Council, (M&CC) that parking meters will be introduced to ease congestion in certain sections of the city, is facing public scrutiny for details emerging from their sordid past.
According to the information contained in online documents, on March 15, 2002 Cush, who is a chief player in the controversial parking meter project, pleaded guilty to grand larceny in the third degree in the County Court of Nassau County.
They were sentenced to four months in jail and five years of probation, and they were ordered to pay restitution in the amount of $7,981.50.
PROTEST
Hundreds of Guyanese have since been protesting against the parking meters stating that it is oppressive, reeks of corruption and represents one of the most disgraceful deals of our time.
The group against the parking meter issue has made it clear that it refuses to be placated by temporary cuts in parking meter prices and is calling for the contract to be rescinded.
There is another protest planned for tomorrow.
Confectionary Charm
While Italian music first lures you into Antica Sartoria in Naples, the bright and colorful fashions are what makes this boutique stand out. One-of-a-kind bathing suits, caftans, shift dresses, flowing skirts, billowing blouses, handbags, and accessories line the shop like candy buttons, making it hard to resist their confectionary charm. Turquoise and white are the favorite colors here, along with a palette of rich golden hues reminiscent of an Amalfi Coast sunset. In fact, all the clothing and accessories are hand-selected and imported from Italy.
“I walked into an [Antica Sartoria] store in Capri in 2016 while on a family vacation and fell in love with everything about the collection and its beachy chic style,” recalls co-owner Renee Schaefer. After trying on almost every piece of clothing in the store, then buying as much as they could stuff into their suitcase before heading home, they had an aha moment. They knew they had to bring this brand to the United States. Like most successful entrepreneurs, Schaefer saw a void in the marketplace and was determined to fill it. They and their partner, Curtis Segretto, met with Antica Sartoria's designer, Giacomo Cinque, to obtain the rights to sell their apparel and accessories in the United States. The idea was an instant success, and Schaefer and Segretto now also operate locations in Palm Beach Gardens, Delray Beach, and Key West.
For Schaefer, much of success is the ability to blend their passion with their profession. “I love the ocean, and Cinque's designs are so reflective of a bohemian beach vibe,” they say. “It truly embodies who I am, who I have become.”
MLS stars Clint Dempsey and Jozy Altidore may only participate in part of the upcoming CONCACAF Gold Cup, according to US national team head coach Bruce Arena.
Arena told SI's Grant Wahl that they may only call Dempsey and Altidore “at some point” during the Gold Cup. Both players were named to the US' preliminary 40-man Gold Cup roster earlier this month. The final rosters for the tournament are due on June 27, but every team that advances out of the group stage can make up to six roster changes ahead of the start of the quarterfinals.
Arena noted that Sporting Kansas City defender Matt Besler and incoming Atlanta United goalkeeper Brad Guzan are possibilities for the initial 23-man squad. They also indicated that they won't call 18-year-old star Christian Pulisic for any part of the tournament.
More roster hints can be found in Wahl's full piece. The US begin Gold Cup play on July 8 against Panama.
Over the past few years, SpaceX has demonstrated some impressive firsts once relegated to science fiction. The company has slashed the cost of orbital missions, even if the exact details of those savings are somewhat disputed. It developed and successfully landed a rocket, then successfully relaunched several rockets earlier this year. Now, Elon Musk is hoping their firm can set another record and successfully launch a used Dragon capsule sitting on top of a used Falcon 9.
Musk announced the attempt on Instagram, writing: “On Tuesday, SpaceX will attempt to refly both an orbital rocket and spacecraft for the first time. These are pictures of the last mission each flew. Love the view of our Dragon spacecraft docked with the International Space Station as it passes over the illumination boundary.”
SpaceX has already launched used Falcon 9 and Dragon capsules in separate flights, but never simultaneously. If Musk can demonstrate that flying two used components can be as safe as flying one, they can bring the cost of future launches down by combining multiple recycled rockets (or pre-flown, if you prefer SpaceX's term). Musk has claimed SpaceX's re-usable rockets are $300M less expensive than conventional launches, and there's no doubt the United Launch Alliance has taken a beating on price these last few years. Despite several rounds of layoffs and cost cutting, SpaceX's launch costs are still estimated to be at least 40 percent less than the United Launch Alliance's. The flip side to that, ULA would argue, is its own superior reliability record. ULA has never lost a rocket, while SpaceX has suffered several high-profile explosions.
Despite these issues, it's an exciting time for space exploration. Companies like SpaceX and Blue Origin are driving innovation in the industry, debuting new capabilities, and (hopefully) setting the stage for manned Mars exploration.
I don't subscribe to the simplistic idea NASA failed at these goals because it was a government agency. Peruse the list of reasons why the Shuttle failed to meet its operational goals, cost-per-pound targets, and estimated flight costs, and you'll find it was an incredibly complex problem. The Shuttle's failure to meet its goals was thanks to at least a dozen variables that range from the limitations of 1970s technology to the Army's demand for a much heavier vehicle, to an extremely expensive thermal tile system in which each tile had to be custom manufactured for its exact location on the Shuttle. An awful lot of people had their fingers in that particular pie, often in ways NASA had no control over.
At the same time, however, there's no denying the strength of commercial space launches. Congress loves the idea of NASA building a huge rocket (jobs!), but hates the idea of funding missions. The so-called Senate Launch System bill specified what components NASA would use in certain cases, to divert work to specific Congressional districts or states. SpaceX and Blue Origin are leading the charge to cut space launch costs in part because they aren't saddled with the impossible task of building a rocket to nowhere with very little money.
St. Petersburg, Fla. - In Pinellas County teens are crashing stolen cars every four days, on average. It's a crime trend that's forced law enforcement, legislators and the community to step up. Today, it takes the shape of a community youth program expo. All to show kids that there are other options.
The point is to expose kids to after school programs. Something they could spend their time and energy on that's positive and healthy. They believe this will simultaneously help curb the trend.
Eight Pinellas County teens have died in crashes involving stolen cars, in just the last two years. This past fall mangled metal was the only thing left in a joy ride that killed three teens dead in Palm Harbor. That car was stolen.
In November, a teen crashed into a car driven by a middle school teacher. The crash left the teacher's arm in a cast. That car was stolen.
Just two days ago police arrested four kids after a joyride that was caught on camera. You guessed it; that car was stolen.
“People are dying as a result of it," said U.S. representative Charlie Crist. "The level of concern couldn't be any higher.”
Which is why the St. Petersburg representative took part in a panel to discuss solutions. Their ideas focused on giving kids stability, education and mentorship.They believe after-school programs could be key to ending these deadly games.
“I was thinking in the back of my head I knew this was bad," said 15-year-old Joshua Hobbs.
Hobbs has a personal connection to this mission. He's never stolen a car. But they did steal a bicycle and police caught him.
“I got arrested for it. I went in… everything was bad," they said.
Their mom was disappointed and anything but passive. They made them join the Arts Conservatory for Teens. It's a non-profit dedicated to improving the quality of life for youth through arts and education.
“I've changed everything. My grades, my whole focus. Everything has changed," they said.
Now he's the one sitting behind the booth. Hobbs is helping other kids pick a brighter future.
“Being a good role model opens up more opportunities—job opportunities. You don't have to go out. You can buy your own car," Hobbs said.
There is hope. Despite the trend that's put the county on the map. The data shows the number of cars stolen in St. Pete has gone down 10% year-to-year.
After being on the giving end of organ donation they never expected to be on the receiving end a few years later.
Theresa May will ask MPs to clear the way for an early general election on 8 June in a dramatic reversal of their repeated assertions that they would not go to the country before May 2020.
In a surprise announcement outside 10 Downing Street on Tuesday morning, the prime minister said they would move a motion in the Commons on Wednesday, which will require a two thirds majority to pass.
The election will effectively be a second referendum on Brexit. Throwing down the gauntlet to Labour, the Liberal Democrats and the SNP, May said they were seeking an election because Brexit required political unity. "The country is coming together but Westminster is not," they said, criticising opposition parties for "political game playing".
"We need a general election and we need one now," they said.
"In recent weeks Labour have threatened to vote against the final agreement we reach with the European Union. The Liberal Democrats said they want to grind the business of government to a standstill.
"The Scottish National Party say they will vote against the legislation that formally repeals Britain's membership of the European Union. And un-elected members of the House of Lords have vowed to fight us every step of the way."
"If we do not hold a general election now, their political game playing will continue."
They added: "It will be a choice between strong and stable leadership in the national interest, with me as your prime minister, or weak and unstable government under a coalition led by Jeremy Corbyn."
Intel appears to be under investigation over age-discrimination claims related to its massive layoffs a couple of years ago.
The Santa Clara chip giant disproportionately targeted older workers when it cut thousands of jobs in 2015 and 2016, according to allegations reportedly being reviewed by federal investigators with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
The Wall Street Journal and the Oregonian reported about the investigation, with both newspapers saying they have seen EEOC documents pertaining to the investigation.
A spokesperson for the EEOC told this publication Tuesday that the agency cannot “furnish any information” until it files a lawsuit, which they called a “last resort.”
Intel is denying the allegations.
“Factors such as age, race, national origin, gender, immigration status, or other personal demographics were not part of the process when we made those decisions,” an Intel spokesperson said Tuesday. They would not comment about whether the company has been contacted by the EEOC.
Get tech news in your inbox weekday mornings. Sign up for the free Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter.
In 2016, the Oregonian reported that according to data Intel provided to the government under law, nearly 41 percent of the employees who were laid off were older than 40.
In 2016, Intel announced that it was cutting 12,000 jobs, or 11 percent of its workforce, as a part of a restructuring. The chipmaker is one of many tech companies in Silicon Valley that have been hit with lawsuits alleging age discrimination.
According to the Wall Street Journal report last week, the EEOC hasn't yet determined whether to file a class-action lawsuit against Intel. Also late last week, the Oregonian quoted U.S. Rep. Suzanne Bonamici, D-Oregon, as saying that the EEOC is working to resolve their constituents' complaints against Intel over age discrimination.
Bloomberg Markets AM with Pimm Fox and Lisa Abramowicz.
GUEST: Elliot Weissbluth, Founder and CEO of HighTower Advisors, on the rollback of DOL's Obama-era fiduciary rule, and what it means for financial advisors and investors.
Running time 05:59
The Presiding Bishop of The Redeemed Evangelical Mission (TREM), Bishop Mike Okonkwo, has warned that people looting Nigeria's treasury will face trouble in 2017. They also told those who want to destabilize Nigeria to desist or face God's wrath. Okonkwo was speaking to journalists in Lagos, during TREM's crossover night service. They said: “There will […]
The University of Maryland at Baltimore County has a message for the legions of people who became instant fans Friday night with its stunning victory over No. 1 seed University of Virginia in the NCAA basketball tournament: Come to our new municipal-bond financed events center.
"BTW guys, we have a brand new $85 million Event Center we opened up last month that still doesn't have a corporate sponsor name..." @UMBCAthletics, the social media account for the college's athletic department, tweeted on Sunday.
UMBC players celebrate a teammate's basket against Virginia on March 16. Photographer: Gerry Broome/AP
The new multi-purpose facility was financed through borrowing well before the Retrievers became a household name with their Cinderella victory. In fact, the school is one of many -- including Clemson University, the University of South Carolina, and the University of Connecticut -- that have taken advantage of the $3.9 trillion municipal-bond market to build top-of-the-line athletics centers.
The UMBC facility, at 172,000 square feet, will include a practice court, a "state-of-the-art" strength and conditioning gym, and the UMBC Athletics Hall of Fame. It's meant, in part, to help the school recruit and retain student-athletes and will also host concerts, speakers and banquets.
The University System of Maryland listed the event center as one of $1 billion in facility projects it's authorized financing for as part of four separate bond resolutions, according to offering documents from a bond sale in February. Moody's Investors Service issued its second-highest rating on that sale of auxiliary bonds by the university system, citing strong demand for the system's 11 schools.
While the 16-seeded Retrievers upset Virginia 74 to 54, they went on to lose to Kansas State two days later. Still that hasn't stopped officials from boasting about the Retrievers short-lived March Madness run. The athletic department took to Twitter on Sunday to again tout the new arena with a link for high school students to apply for admission.
"We hope to see all of you at our brand new $85 Million Event Center in November for the season opener. Congrats @KStateMBB, good luck the rest of the way!....and for those of you in HS, you can apply right here --> undergraduate.umbc.edu/"
SCHOOL pupils are benefiting from a new eco classroom that was five years in the making.
Drury Primary Schoolopened their brand new eco classroom last month.
The classroom, named ‘Beech Lodge' has been designed for a variety of uses, including their before and after school club for pupils.
Being environmentally friendly is very important to the school.
The eco classroom was allocated an energy performance rating of ‘A', indicating the excellent energy efficiency of the fabric of the building, which includes heating and ventilation.
Headteacher Mark Biltcliffe said: “The need for more space has become increasingly pressing at Drury Primary School.
“Originally, we thought we would be able to use some Section 106 money coming our way because of new houses being built in the area, so as to extend the school slightly.
“It was nothing like enough money for this purpose.
“We had saved some money to add to it but the next idea of a log cabin was ruled out by the county council at that stage because it would not be a permanent extension to the building.
“With the help of our local county councillors we asked if this policy could be reviewed and the guidance became more flexible.
“It has taken us five years to get planning permission, landlord permission, competitive tendering, architect plans, county being satisfied with the finances for it, liaising with the contractors on a daily basis.
“After five long years we have an amazing building that has been named as ‘Beech Lodge' and is very well built, well insulated and ideal for our purpose.”
Just some of the uses for the classroom are the before and after school club, nursery, junior children receiving literacy and numeracy support, meetings with parents, music lessons, speech therapy, and governors meetings.
Mr Biltcliffe added: “Our Beech Lodge will, in all probability, last many decades, possibly even longer than the school, and provide lasting benefit to generations of children passing through Drury Primary School.”
LOS ANGELES — The team that has run the largest payrolls in history the past few years won Game 1 of the World Series, in part, by dumpster diving.
OK, that is not completely fair. Justin Turner is now a well-paid third baseman, though they came to the Dodgers in 2014 because — Met fans in chorus here — Sandy Alderson decided to non-tender him.
“When I was in New York I was trying to survive,” Turner said.
The goals have changed in L.A. In their last at-bat of the first World Series game at Dodger Stadium, the crowd chanted “M-V-P.”
Turner hit second Tuesday night, ahead of Chris Taylor, who once showed up on a transaction page in June 2016, having been traded from the Mariners for Zach Lee. In the time since, Lee has been waived by Seattle, released by San Diego and gained fame as the player traded for Taylor.
Because, notably this year, Taylor has Turner-ed around their career.
“He's matured a ton,” said Astros manager A.J. Hinch, who used to see a different version of Taylor in the AL West.
In the opener of the 113th World Series, one plus two in the Dodgers order equaled three — a homer by Taylor on the first pitch of the bottom of the first, a two-run shot by Turner in the sixth to break a tie leading to a 3-1 Dodger victory.
Manager Dave Roberts said there is a “DNA piece” shared by the Dodgers' version of T n' T, that Taylor and Turner “created opportunities for themselves.”
Not even on the big-league roster when this season began, Taylor was summoned in mid-April and morphed from invisible to indispensable. They started at five positions, became the regular leadoff hitter early in the second half and replaced the struggling Joc Pederson in center for good in September — and October.
Like Turner before him, they redid their swing to get the ball in the air more — leading to 21 homers this season. In the first inning against Keuchel — against whom they had been 0-for-3 with three strikeouts — Taylor counseled themselves to be aggressive and they whipped the first pitch 447 feet to left.
“He's our sparkplug,” Turner said. “When they go, we go.”
Keuchel was not unsettled. To their familiar form, they kept the Dodgers on the ground, did not allow another run through five innings and was entangled with Clayton Kershaw in a 1-1 game.
They induced two grounders to open the sixth. To that point, Keuchel had gone to three balls on just one hitter all game and walked none. But Taylor had not only homered, but lined sharply into a double play in the third and hit a long foul in their sixth-inning at-bat before drawing a walk.
Turner, who signed a four-year, $64 million pact last offseason, struck out and popped foul in their first two at-bats using a 34 ¹/₂-ounce bat. Concerned about getting beat inside again, Turner went back to their more familiar 33 ¹/₂ ounces.
Turner disagreed with home-plate umpire Phil Cuzzi on a called strike that looked off the outside corner and made the count 1-2. But they collected themselves to drive the next pitch — a cutter up that did not get in enough — into the left-field seats.
Turner's signature is their long, thick red beard and hair, and playoff genius (he came in with a 1.113 OPS for their playoff career). They have four homers this postseason and 26 RBIs in 27 postseason games — tying them with Duke Snider for most career postseason RBIs by a Dodger.
It is another red October. Also, one Taylor-made.
iStock/Thinkstock(WASHINGTON) — White House press secretary Sean Spicer defended the Trump administration's decision to not voluntarily release records of White House visitors to the public and described the Obama administration's online posting of those logs as a “faux” effort.
On Friday, an administration official cited national security concerns in support of the decision to withhold the list and touted other efforts that ensure that the “government is both ethical and accessible to the American people.”
Spicer explained that the action was in line with the Federal Records Act and Presidential Records Act, despite the appearance that the move limits transparency.
“As was noted on Friday, we were following the same policy that every administration from the beginning of time has used with respect to [the] visitors log,” said Spicer.
While the White House is not required to release a record of visitors unless requested through Freedom of Information Act filing (and the requests may be denied), the Obama administration proactively disclosed the identities of guests on the White House website. The names of some visitors were omitted, however, because of concerns about national security — which Spicer used to criticize the preceding administration.
“The faux attempt that the Obama administration put out, where they would scrub who they didn't want to put out, didn't serve anyone well,” said Spicer, who deflected follow-up questions on why the White House wouldn't seize the opportunity to increase transparency or at least match the Obama White House in this regard — as Donald Trump promised during their presidential campaign.
Facing questions on the subject of President Trump's tax returns, Spicer reiterated that Trump will not release their tax returns until the IRS completes its “routine audit.”
Asked by ABC News' Jonathan Karl if it was time to say that Trump would “never release their tax returns,” Spicer would not fully commit to the idea.
“We'll have to get back to you,” said Spicer. “He's still under audit. The statement still stands.”
As to whether Trump would be willing to direct the IRS to confirm the audit, Spicer provided no definite answer, saying that Trump's “view on this has been clear from the campaign and the American people understood it when they elected them in November.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
I Did Not Want To Sell James Rodriguez – Zinedine Zidane
Real Madrid manager Zinedine Zidane has claimed that they did not want James Rodriguez to leave the club last summer.
James Rodriguez struggled for regular action at the Bernabeu during the 2016-17 campaign, and completed a surprise loan move to Bayern Munich for the 2017-18 season.
Rodriguez will be eligible to take on their parent club in the semi-finals of this season's Champions League, with the first leg due to take place at the Allianz on Wednesday night.
Zidane, however, has said that they wanted to keep the 26-year-old in the Spanish capital.
“I didn't want James to go, they decided to go. I never had any problem with James and it's more about what is said in the press,” Zidane told reporters.
“I think they will be motivated because they are a football player. They don't have to prove anything to anyone. Anyone that thinks I am against James is wrong. They will want to go out and prove themselves but because they like football and that's it.”
The post I Did Not Want To Sell James Rodriguez – Zinedine Zidane appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The drama. The loyalty. The speculation about who stays and who goes. The Trump administration has it all. And so did Donald Trump's run on The Apprentice.
The personality that made the show a hit is also what propelled Trump to the presidency. But as with their administration, Trump also stirred controversy on the set. A former producer tells the NPR podcast Embedded that at times Trump used "really unfathomably despicable words" while the cameras were rolling — remarks that have never been made public.
Of course, people weren't watching then for insight into how the show's star would eventually approach the presidency or what effect it would have on their public political image. But in retrospect, there are a handful of lessons that say something about the man now in the Oval Office.
1. Questionable language
In October 2016, just before the election, an Access Hollywood tape emerged of Trump using crude language about women, saying, "[W]hen you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything." When that story broke, former Apprentice producer Bill Pruitt tweeted that there were "far worse" tapes from Trump's time on that show.
Pruitt says they do not have the tapes and has signed a nondisclosure agreement, but they tell NPR that the comments they were referring to were racist in nature and included remarks about African-Americans and Jews. Pruitt says Trump's language was not a reflection of the culture of the crew — that at times there would be an "audible gasp" from those who heard the comments.
A White House spokesperson called Pruitt's story "the same recycled and false attacks from over a year ago."
There have been multiple accusations of Trump publicly using inappropriate or offensive language. They started their campaign by referring to immigrants as "rapists." This summer after the racist violence in Charlottesville, Va., Trump was widely criticized for not immediately denouncing white supremacists and instead spreading blame to people who were counterprotesting the neo-Nazis and KKK members. Those comments follow a history of ambiguity on white nationalism, as NPR's Danielle Kurtzleben has reported.
2. A business person with baggage
The first time Trump appears in the pilot episode of The Apprentice, he's seated in the back of a black limousine, introducing themselves directly to the camera.
"My name's Donald Trump," they begin, "and I'm the largest real estate developer in New York." They list off their holdings: buildings, casinos, golf courses, model agencies and much more.
Then they briefly hint at their past financial challenges.
"But it wasn't always so easy. About 13 years ago I was seriously in trouble," they say, in reference to four bankruptcies involving their properties in Atlantic City and New York in 1991 and 1992.
"I was billions of dollars in debt," they continue. "But I fought back and I won, big league. I used my brain. I used my negotiating skills. And I worked it all out. Now my company's bigger than it ever was — stronger than it ever was."
In all 14 episodes of The Apprentice's debut season, these 20 seconds are the only substantive acknowledgement of the rocky financial history some of Trump's businesses had faced. From then on, the show consistently paints Trump as a triumphant underdog, with their troubles squarely behind him.
"Donald Trump is an icon," contestant Kwame Jackson told the producers in the season finale. "He's someone who, when people said, 'You couldn't do it,' always got it done." That's a sentiment also echoed by Trump supporters during the campaign.
Multiple episodes were set at Trump's Taj Mahal casino, which they described on the show as "the No. 1 hotel in Atlantic City." Flattering shots of the exterior and interior portray the resort as thriving.
In fact, the Taj Mahal, along with other Trump casinos, would file for bankruptcy in late 2004, just months after The Apprentice debuted.
Still, Trump's business savvy was part of their pitch during the campaign, and many who voted for them looked forward to having an outsider perspective on the inside. Despite their bankruptcies, Trump largely maintained their image of success.
3. Ever the salesperson
Every episode of the show centered around a task — a business-related contest between two teams. Who can make the most money selling lemonade on Wall Street? Managing the Times Square Planet Hollywood for a day? Fixing up and renting out an old apartment? The winning team, besides steering clear of a scolding from Trump inside their dimly lit boardroom, would receive a reward.
Sometimes these rewards were simply a chance to visit classic New York landmarks: a private tour of Yankee stadium or a boat trip around the Hudson Bay. But more often than not, the rewards also showcased and elevated Trump's wealth and business acumen.
There was the walk-through of the extravagant penthouse in Trump Tower where Trump and their then-girlfriend Melania, now wife and first lady, lived; the picnic at Trump's estate in Bedford, N.Y. ("where the richest people live," Trump narrates); the driving range at Trump National Golf Club in Briarcliff Manor, N.Y. ("the best golf course in New York state"); the overnight stay at Trump's Taj Mahal casino ("you're staying in the most beautiful suite you've ever seen"); the jaunt to Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort ("the No. 1 club anywhere as far as I'm concerned").
In Episode 9, one contestant's savvy business move earns them a reward of 10 minutes with Donald Trump. "You know, a lot of people would like that opportunity," Trump tells a visibly appreciative Nick Warnock.
Trump's financial ties have followed them to Washington, with watchdogs arguing for further separation from their businesses. Trump and their lawyers argue they have done enough by setting up a trust, rather than fully divesting as past presidents have done.
Even amid criticism of being too close to their businesses while in office, Trump has spent many weekends at their Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Fla., and their golf club in Bedminster, N.J. Their hotel in Washington, D.C., has raised concern about whether world leaders would spend money there to curry favor with the president. And Trump hasn't shied away from talking about their properties. Even during controversial remarks about Charlottesville, Trump took to the opportunity to mention their winery in the area.
4. Loyalty is paramount
It didn't take the president's unearthed conversations with former FBI Director James Comey to remind the public of how highly President Trump values loyalty. But the clues were also there in 2004, particularly during the firing of one contestant named Tammy Lee.
In the seventh episode, as Trump dissects the losing team's failure as they sit before him, Lee breaks with the rest of their team to bluntly blame the team leader for having done a poor job of negotiating. Trump questions the rest of the team about Lee's dissension, asking, "Was they honest or disloyal?"
The team and Trump agree Lee had not shown enough loyalty.
"Your disloyalty has been just terrible. ... I mean it is so obnoxious in this particular case," Trump tells Lee as the music swells, signaling they would soon deliver their signature sentence: "Tammy ... you're fired."
Comey has testified that the president asked for their "loyalty" and for them to end the FBI's investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn. Trump denies ever asking for a loyalty pledge, but it has been clear that Trump does expect loyalty from their team — even if they do not always reciprocate.
5. Trump can stoke a fight, even between others
From the start, Trump was one of the executive producers of The Apprentice (even into their presidency). And, like any good reality television producer, they appeared to have a gift for identifying and, in some cases, amplifying squabbles between contestants.
Take a tense scene in the boardroom in Episode 6. Trump is interrogating the losing team, leading to the typical chain of recriminations. Controversial contestant Omarosa Manigault (now an aide to the president) begins by complimenting their teammate, Heidi Bressler, before also adding that when they first met Bressler, they didn't think they had much class.
"Do you think Omarosa has class?" Trump asks Bressler, looking for a response to their teammate's backhanded compliment. They add, "If somebody said that about me, I wouldn't like them I don't care what they do."
Trump then turns to another contestant, Jessie Connor: "Do you like Omarosa, the way they just talks to you? I mean do you like her?" Connor refuses to take the bait, instead trying to keep the peace by saying they do in fact like them teammate.
But Trump isn't finished sussing out the conflict.
"How can you like her, the way she's talking to you? You know she's got a very sharp edge," they say about Manigault. And on it goes.
The president has had their share of direct Twitter wars since taking office, but they also have a history of publicly stoking feuds between others.
During the campaign, Trump created divides to their advantage. They tried to create a chasm between Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas on one side and Marco Rubio of Florida and now-Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson. In October 2016, they reminded supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., how Hillary Clinton had wronged them, saying, "To the Bernie Sanders people, you got sold out." In September, following a wave of kneeling protests by professional sports players, the president sought to remind the public of what they perceived to be a newly forming divide between the NFL's athletes and its fans.
6. On ratings and popularity
Trump has never struggled with being known, which made the first season of The Apprentice a huge success. Instead, their challenge has been to be seen as "favorable."
The show's first season in 2004 was a game-changer for a network in trouble. NBC, which was just about to lose its blockbuster hit Friends, saw over 20 million viewers settle in each week to watch Trump preside over the fates of 16 young entrepreneurs vying for a job with their company, The Trump Organization.
Attracting 28 million viewers, the April 2004 season finale was the most popular show on television that week. According to opinion polls conducted by Gallup, when Trump flirted with a presidential run under the Reform Party ticket in 1999, the percentage of respondents who saw them as "favorable" declined precipitously: from 41 to 33 percent in less than a month. But in 2005, one year after The Apprentice debuted, Trump clocked in at 50 percent.
Trump had never before — and they would never again so far — eclipse the 50 percent mark in Gallup's polls. As of Oct. 5, nearly nine months into their presidency, Trump is at 39 percent. However, what has been a historically low approval rating for a first-term president recently stabilized.
In this Jan. 19, 2018 photo, Xu Yan, the wife of detained Chinese human rights lawyer Yu Wensheng, pauses during an interview in their apartment in Beijing. Xu said Thursday, May 31, 2018, that they have been prevented from leaving their neighborhood, the latest apparent case of extra-legal harassment of those who fall afoul of the ruling Communist Party. Mark Schiefelbein AP Photo
In this 2017 file photo, Harris Teeter welcomes shoppers to its new Sedgefield Shopping Center location in the Historic South End neighborhood of Charlotte. A former longtime Harris Teeter worker was sentenced to a year and a day in federal prison this week after admitting they stole nearly $78,000 from the grocer's employee-assistance foundation. Charlotte Observer file photo
Elon Musk has a message for those who use any kind of threatening or abusive language to defend him, especially when it comes to personal attacks made on Twitter: You won't get any support from him.
The Tesla chief executive said as much in a tweet of their own in response to those who were using social media to go after reporters and others who recently voiced criticism of Musk and raised questions about the electric carmaker's operations.
At risk of stating the extremely obvious, I am against threats of violence & abusive epithets in any forum. Please do not use them in my name or at all. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) May 29, 2018
Musk's rejection of “threats of violence & abusive epithets in any forum” stems from a controversy that Musk themselves started, when last week they unleashed a tweetstorm against the media.
The holier-than-thou hypocrisy of big media companies who lay claim to the truth, but publish only enough to sugarcoat the lie, is why the public no longer respects them https://t.co/Ay2DwCOMkr — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) May 23, 2018
Going to create a site where the public can rate the core truth of any article & track the credibility score over time of each journalist, editor & publication. Thinking of calling it Pravda … — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) May 23, 2018
“As a result of my own experience in Washington, D.C. being attacked by many simply because of my Christian faith, I felt frustration and sadness for our country,” said Green, previously nominated to be Secretary of the U.S. Army by President Donald Trump in April. “The animosity personally experienced in the confirmation process and witnessing others of faith being equally attacked is honestly un-American.”
In their second term as senator serving the Montgomery, Houston and Stewart counties and as vice chairperson of the Senate Commerce Committee, Green began the confirmation process following Trump's nomination of them to lead the U.S. Army. Green said many of the attacks on them revolved around their faith positions with activist groups specifically targeted speeches they had made at churches across the country.
“Despite my years of military service and professional qualifications, the confirmation process turned to my comments as a believer in the Biblical creation story. I knew this was about my Christian faith,” continued Green who addressed the infrequently used U.S. Senate Rule permitting a Democratic senator to place an indefinite hold on action, blocking the nomination.
“An indefinite hold kept the men and women of the U.S. Army from having a leader operational and meeting the urgent needs of our fighting force. The sequence of events demonstrated the urgent need for more men and women of faith in the political process.”
Green is joined to establish Five Stones Network by former Georgia Sen. Judson Hill, an Atlanta-area attorney who served as the Senate Finance Committee chairperson and deputy majority whip and as assistant U.S. attorney for the Northern District of Georgia during the Ronald Reagan administration. Green currently serves as Senate chaplain, and Hill led the Legislative Fellowship in the Georgia legislature.
Green recently sold their successful health care company, Align MD, which they founded and grew to revenues in excess of $200 million annually.
“Mark's a proven leader recognizing a tremendous need in creating Five Stones Network,” said Robin Smith, former Tennessee GOP chairperson and a friend of Green. “His vision coupled with the ability to recruit and mobilize an effective team using their military service and entrepreneurship will fuel the success of this effort.”
Five Stones Network, a faith-based nonprofit is working to partner with other conservative advocacy groups such as Lift the Vote, 2nd Vote, the Family Research Council, the Heritage Foundation and the Cato Institute. The group's mission is based on the biblical account of David's victory over a massive giant using five smooth stones in faith.
Without these 6 people, Adele's '25' would sound completely different After four years, eight Grammys and 30 million albums sold since their blockbuster “21,” Adele is finally back. Londoner Adele Adkins toiled over their new album “25” (out Friday), enlisting...
How ‘Room' was inspired by real-life kidnapping cases While “Room,” which hit theaters Friday, is fiction, many of the film's poignant details echo real-life cases. (Warning: Minor spoilers ahead.) In the film, Brie Larson plays a young woman...
Cleveland kidnap survivors recall decade of hellish imprisonment They leaned on each other. Two of the three Cleveland women who were kidnapped and held as sex slaves helped each other “stay positive” to survive life with their twisted...
Cleveland kidnap victim saluted at Midtown gala Cleveland kidnap victim Michelle Knight was honored in New York Tuesday night for their courage and bravery by the Guardian Angels. Knight, who suffered a decade of cruelty at the...
Michelle Knight: I hid from rescuers The woman who suffered the longest in Cleveland's house of horrors was so mentally fragile, they panicked and hid when cops finally came to the door, they write in a...
Ariel Castro allowed Cleveland captives to escape: attorney CLEVELAND — Ariel Castro intentionally left doors unlocked at their house in the months before three women escaped after nearly a decade of captivity because they knew the end was...
Cleveland house of horrors survivors reunite MEDINA, Ohio — The three women who survived a decade-long captivity in a Cleveland house before being freed received Gov. John Kasich's annual courage awards on Monday night. Kasich called...
'Cleveland hero' Charles Ramsey gets book deal CLEVELAND — The man who famously put aside their Big Mac to help rescue three women held captive in a Cleveland house over a decade has signed a contract to...
'Major tension' between Cleveland kidnap survivors over tell-alls The three Cleveland women who were kidnapped and held captive for years by Ariel Castro are now at odds with competing tell-all books. Michelle Knight is working on a memoir...
The death has occurred of Timothy Ted Cranley, Stratford, London and formerly of Dromin, Kilmallock, peacefully at St. Bartholomew's Hospital, London.
Timothy (Tim), very deeply regretted by their brothers Johnny and Jim, sisters Vera and Ann. brother-in-law, sisters-in-law, nephews, nieces, grandnephews, grandnieces, cousins, relatives, kind neighbours and their many friends especially their nephews Paul & James, James's partner Philomena, and their Niece Aoife.
Funeral arrangements to follow later from Daffy's Funeral Home, Kilmallock.
The death has occurred of Eithne Byrne (née O'Dowda), The Bower, Elm Park, Clarina, formerly of Swords and late of Cambridge Financial Services.
Wife of the late Ron. Survived by their daughters Louise and Ruth, son Mark, Sons-in-law Andy and Kevin, grandson Reuben, brother Brian, extended family and friends.
Reposing at Thompson's Funeral Home on Thursday from 5pm-7pm. Removal to St. Joseph's Church, Ballybrown on Friday for Requiem Mass at 10am. Funeral afterwards to Kilkeedy Cemetery.
The death has occurred of Gerry O'Sullivan, 14 Clareview Terrace, Farranshone, Limerick and late of DeBeers/Element 6 Shannon.
Regretted by their sister Mary, brother John and their families, close friend John Tucker, extended family and friends.
Requiem Mass on Thursday at 11am followed by cremation service at Shannon Crematorium at 1pm.
The death has occurred of James Joseph (Jim) O'Donnell, Sandycove, Co. Dublin, late of Waterford, Limerick and Grangebeg, Fethard, peacefully at home.
James Joseph (Jim), predeceased by their wife Joanelle; sadly missed by their children Aoife, Alan and Colm, daughters-in-law Lynn and Deirdre, granddaughters Leah, Saoirse, Caoimhe, Neasa, Doireann and Béibhinn; sister Nora, nieces, nephews, extended family and wide circle of friends.
Removal Thursday from their residence to the Church of the Assumption, Dalkey arriving 5pm. Funeral on Friday after 10am Mass to Mount Jerome Crematorium. House private. Enquiries to Quinns of Glasthule, tel: 01 2806756.
The death has occurred of Bridget (Ciss) O'Brien (née Cooney), St. Patrick's Road, Ballysimon, peacefully at Athlunkard House Nursing Home in their 101st year.
Beloved wife of the late Pakie and dearest mother of Pat, Mary, Brendan, Joseph and John. Deeply regretted by their loving family, brother Tom, daughters-in-law, grandchildren, great-grandchildren, nieces, nephews, relatives and friends.
Reposing at Griffin's Funeral Home, John's Gate on Friday from 5pm. Removal at 6.30pm to St. Brigid's Church. Requiem Mass on Saturday at 10am. Burial afterwards in Mount St. Oliver Cemetery.
The death has occurred of William (Billy) Cleary, formerly of Hyde Road Prospect, late of Athlunkard House, Nursing Home, peacefully in the presence of their family at University Hospital Limerick.
Beloved son of the late Una and Bobby. Dear brother of Mary, Rita and Bobby. Will be sadly missed by their sisters, brother, brothers-in-law, nieces, nephews, other relatives and friends.
Reposing at Cross' Funeral Home, Gerald Griffin Street, Friday from 6pm to 7.30pm followed by Humanist Service. Private Cremation to take place later. No flowers please. Donations, if desired, to a charity of your choice.
Facebook on Monday said video of the shooting death of a 74-year-old Cleveland man was online for nearly two hours before it was reported by users and taken down a short time later.
The death of Robert Godwin on Sunday unfolded in a series of videos that were broadcast and posted by shooting suspect Steve Stephens starting at 11:09 a.m. PT, according to Facebook. But because the social network relies on a user to flag offensive content for review and possible removal, it took more than two hours in total to take the footage down.
One day after the shooting death of a 74-year-old Cleveland man was broadcast live on Facebook, an executive for the social network on Monday said "we know we need to do better" in taking similar content down.
Facebook's vice president of global operations, Justin Osofsky, said in a blog post that "we know we need to do better" and promised a review of the company's procedures. Included was a timeline that showed how Facebook's response unfolded:
11:09 a.m. PT — First video of intent to kill was uploaded and not reported to Facebook. 11:11 a.m. — Second video of shooting is uploaded. 11:22 a.m. — Suspect confesses to killing while using Facebook Live, which is live for 5 minutes. 11:27 a.m. — Live video ends and is first reported shortly after. 12:59 a.m. — Video of shooting is first reported. 1:22 p.m. — Suspect's account is disabled; all videos no longer visible to public.
In the video showing the shooting of Godwin, a man resembling Stephens exits their car, saying, "I found somebody I'm about to kill. I'm about to kill this guy — this older dude."
The man who appears to be Stephens then asks Godwin, "Can you do me a favor?" and then asks them to say a person's name. (BuzzFeed News has chosen not to include the name.)
Apparently confused, Godwin repeats the name, and then the shooter says, "She's the reason, why, uh, this is about to happen to you."
"I don't know anybody by that name," Godwin says just before they are shot.  They are then shown lying on the ground with a long streak of blood beside their body.
In their post on Monday, Osofsky said that while Facebook disabled Stephens' account within 23 minutes of receiving the first report about the homicide video, and two hours after receiving a report of any kind, "we know we need to do better."
Facebook's timeline also raises questions around the reporting and account review process that relies on users, not the company, to flag and respond to content.
For one, based on the schedule, Facebook claims that it received reports about a video soon after it went live at 11:27 a.m., but the graphic footage of the shooting was not reported until it had been live for more than 1 hour, 45 minutes. It also appears as if no one at Facebook discovered the shooting video while they were in the process of reviewing the initial reports from users about the live confession.
Facebook did not immediately respond to inquiries about the gap between when it appears the confession was reported and the shooting video was discovered and taken down.
"It was a horrific crime — one that has no place on Facebook, and goes against our policies and everything we stand for," Osofsky wrote. "As a result of this terrible series of events, we are reviewing our reporting flows to be sure people can report videos and other material that violates our standards as easily and quickly as possible."
Meanwhile, the nationwide manhunt for Stephens, who police said should be considered armed and dangerous, continued Monday as authorities announced a $50,000 reward to anyone who provides information leading to their arrest.
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Our inimitable friend Andy Ihnatko is no longer with the Chicago Sun-Times, but that doesn't mean that he's given up writing in favor of podcasting. Their latest piece — for Fast Company — examines what might happen if the rumors surrounding Apple developing its own CPUs for Macs prove to be true. Such a move has a fascinating set of logical consequences to follow, and Andy takes you on a tour of the possibilities. We likely wouldn't see purpose-built Apple CPUs in Macs for several years, and probably not in all Macs even then. But it's easy to see Apple wanting to take nearly full control of the platform in this way.
Read original article
Donald Trump was the first US president since Calvin Coolidge - a century ago - not to welcome a foreign leader for a state visit, during their first year in office,
Now, 15 months in, he's finally rolling out the red carpet with the arrival of French President Emmanuel Macron.
Trump's going all out, having had so much fun in Paris last July, when Macron invited them to watch the Bastille Day parade.
The two are now enjoying an apparent 'bromance.' But what's behind their apparent close relationship?
Trump's 'best friend'
"President Macron is President Trump's best friend on the European side of the Atlantic," said Kristine Berzina, from the German Marshall Fund of the United States (GMF).
"President Trump hasn't had the best relationship with allies in general, they have been very confrontational. This says to Europe that President Macron is really the best man to send forward to mend ties and find common ground with President Trump."
A 'winner'
Trump and Macron are both presidents seeking to make a mark - and they're not afraid to raise some eyebrows to achieve that. It's perhaps this daringness to challenge the status-quo that's stoking the amour, or love, between them.
Berzina commented: "He (Macron) is a winner, right? President Macron won decisively in the election - of course President Trump didn't initially back Macron in the campaign, but they won and winners have a certain amount of clout with President Trump.
"President Macron, when they are also seeking to change labour laws in France, is also fighting battles that a similarly controversial. They are different of course, but the willingness to take on entrenched interests, do things differently, I think that is similar to these two men.
Macron - a European 'messenger'
The bond between Trump and Macron is putting France in the driving seat when it comes to EU relations - ahead of the likes of Germany and Britain.
"There are also European issues and things that are of concern to the rest of the European countries that Macron is being sent to Washington or is going to Washington to tackle with President Trump, because they have the best relationship," commented Berzina.
"We know that because later in the week on Friday, Chancellor Merkel will also be visiting Washington, it's a one-day visit, it's a three-day visit for President Macron. So they are coming in with a bang and really warming President Trump up and and starting to talk about many of the European concerns that will be followed by the others, but they are the first messenger on these issues."
A Danville family in love with Hawaii — and the islands' Wow Wow Hawaiian Lemonade — is the first to import the drink concept to California.
The Neri family has opened an East Bay location at the Danville Livery.
“On a trip to Oahu in 2016 we met one of the owners of the Oahu store,” Carolynn Neri said. “We fell in love with the concept and purchased the Danville territory.”
They amped up for the brick-and-mortar opening by selling at farmers markets, where the most popular flavors have included the mango-pineapple lemonade, the strawberry-mint lemonade and the lava flow, a coconut-pineapple-lemon drink with a float of fresh strawberry puree.
Related Articles Berkeley's Tacubaya taking over Pompette restaurant space
First Look: Inside Santana Row's new Ozumo restaurant
Campbell's Opa! reopens after small kitchen fire
Starbucks' closures for anti-bias training a first step ‘in a long-term journey'
Cramped cuisine: How food trucks fit it all in Lemonades are made with California-grown produce and other organic fruits.
Wow Wow serves from 11 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. Tuesday through Friday, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday and 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Sunday (closed Mondays) at 806 Sycamore Valley Road West, Danville. Details: www.wowwowlemonade.com
Cassie Aylward, Newstalk 580 CFRA
Ottawa Fire was on the scene of a second-alarm fire in the city's south end early Thursday morning.
Calls came in reporting flames at the home at 1281 Parkhill Circle around 2 a.m.
A fire spokesperson says on Twitter the blaze has since been declared under control.
Salvage operations are now underway.
Environmentalists are protesting Poland's plan to allow hunters to shoot bison, while authorities say it is necessary for the well-being of the herd and will earn money for its upkeep.
Greenpeace had gathered well over 7,000 signatures by Monday afternoon on a letter asking Prime Minister Beata Szydlo to stop the plan. They say Europe's largest mammals, which live in old-growth forests in northeastern Poland, are protected by law and a symbol of Poland's nature.
Environment authorities have allowed the hunting of 10 bison in the Borecka forest, saying the herd there is too large and threatened with tuberculosis. They say limited hunting allows for a controlled elimination of weak animals, while earning funds to support the others.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. — Sacramento Kings rookie Harry Giles will not play until at least January while they rehab their surgically repaired knees.
Giles is the 20th overall draft pick out of Duke. They missed summer league to rest their left knee. The team said Friday they will work with the training staff to build strength and endurance. They will participate in some “controlled” parts of practice.
Giles had an arthroscopic procedure on their left knee last October after a ligament tear during high school in 2013. They also tore a ligament in their right knee in 2015.
The Kings say they are taking a “methodical approach” and Giles will be “reevaluated routinely throughout the program.”
——
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Eurogroup President Mário Centeno will join a debate at the European Parliament in Strasbourg on Wednesday to discuss the conclusion of the third economic adjustment programme for Greece.
The next steps for the overall reform of the EU's economic and monetary union, including the creation of a budgetary capacity for the euro zone, will also be discussed.
This will be the first time that the new Eurogroup President will participate in the plenary. They have already participated in a hearing in the European Parliament's Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee on February 21.
Also today, Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki and Angola's President João Lourenço are expected to address the plenary.
Morawiecki will be the eighth EU leader to debate the future of Europe with MEPs and EU Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker on Wednesday morning. The previous leader to appear before the European Parliament was Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte, on June 13 and the next leader to address the House will be Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras, at the September plenary session in Strasbourg.
The President of Angola will address MEPs in a formal sitting. EU-Angola relations and cooperation, development, migration and promoting stability and peace on the African continent are likely to be among the issues addressed during Lourenço's first official visit to the European Parliament.
Angola currently chairs the Southern African Development Community (SADC) Organ on Politics, Defence and Security.
Furthermore, MEPs are expected to discuss on Wednesday the new European Travel Information and Authorisation System (ETIAS). Already informally agreed between Parliament and Council negotiators, ETIAS should be operational in 2021, and will apply to more than 60 countries and territories whose nationals can travel visa-free to the EU.
Non-EU nationals exempt from visa requirements will have to get authorisation before travelling to the EU, under new rules to be voted in on Thursday. Travellers considered posing a security, irregular migration or high epidemic risk would be denied access.
The travel authorisation will cost 7 euro and be valid for three years. The vast majority of travellers will immediately receive a positive reply after filling in the form electronically, once their data have been checked against relevant databases.
The 2018 Golden Globe Award nominations is seeing Latino representation in its top categories. The animated Mexican themed movie “Coco,” along with acclaimed Mexican director Guillermo Del Toro's “The Shape of Water” were announced as Golden Globe nominees on Monday.
“The Shape of Water” lead the list with seven nominations, including Best Motion Picture, Best Screenplay and a nomination for Del Toro for Best Director. The movie is both a love story and a take on the classic movie "Creature From the Black Lagoon." The film has been widely praised by critics for its visual effects and its affecting storyline.
Guillermo del Toro attends the "Crimson Peak" panel on day 3 of Comic-Con International on Saturday, July 11, 2015, in San Diego. Richard Shotwell / AP
“Coco,” which broke box office records in Mexico and has been number one at the U.S. box office for three weeks, was nominated for Best Animated Motion Picture and Best Original Song. The Pixar Disney film is themed around the annual Mexican holiday, Día de Los Muertos (Day of the Dead) and tells the story of a 12-year-old Mexican boy who wants to follow their dreams of pursuing music, despite their family not allowing it.
"Coco" has drawn wide praise for its appropriate representation of the Mexican culture and traditions. To ensure that they got it right, the directors of the film hired an all-Latino cast, and Mexican-American consultants to oversee the making of the film.
"Hollywood closes itself off by trying to cater products for people, instead of making something that's unique and honest," said acclaimed Los Angeles-based syndicated cartoonist Lalo Alcaraz, who was one of the consultants, in a recent interview with NBC News. "Hollywood is lazy when it comes to trying to be authentic, especially when it comes to Latinos. So this is still 180 degrees from that, and I still can't believe it's happening."
In 2007, Del Toro was nominated for an Oscar for their movie “Pan's Labyrinth.”  They are also the director of “Crimson Peak,” “Pacific Rim,” and Hellboy.”
A series of bold reforms has helped council chiefs in Wigan stay on budget while coping with an increased demand from an ageing population.
That's the verdict of the authority's own half-yearly financial report to cabinet members. It found the town hall saved £115m through efficiency measures, reforming services and reducing demand.
The report credits its Deal for the Future strategy for helping the council maintain a strong budget position. This is despite a sustained rise in the volume and complexity of people aged 18 and 64 requiring support, particularly in the area of learning disability.
Paul McKevitt, Wigan Council's deputy chief executive and director of resources, said: “The Deal for the Future radically changed the way we deliver services compared to the past and will help us maintain a secure financial position in the future.
“Despite an ageing population and an increased volume of complex cases our adult social care is on budget which is testament to the successful transformation of services in this directorate.
“This does not mean there are not significant budget challenges ahead but the current and projected position is strong and one which our excellent staff and innovative leadership have all contributed to.”
Stuart Cowley, Wigan Council's director for adult social care and health, added: “Through the Deal we focus on what really matters to residents who need adult social care support.
“Our new model now better connects people into their local communities through activities they enjoy which has reduced our reliance on traditional day services.
“The fact that our different approach has not only improved many people's lives but also helped us maintain a strong budget position is a double success and one we are very proud of.”
Overall the half-yearly report states the council is on track to hit its £16m savings target for 2017/18.
Further good financial news for Wigan Council can be revealed with the authority receiving a £1.9m dividend boost through its shares in Manchester Airport Group.
The council along with the nine other Greater Manchester councils are shareholders in the airport which is delivering healthy annual dividends.
Mr McKevitt added: “The dividend from the airport is a welcome additional income for the council and will help us realise savings and support vital services.”
Wigan Council is shortlisted for the national Local Government Chronicle Awards 2018 for most efficient council of the year.
Marcia Love
Whitecourt Star
It's a game that has helped to shape the lives of Stacy Crossland's family, and on Nov. 25, they had the chance to share their story with hockey fans across the country.
The Whitecourt family was featured in a Hockey Night in Canada video detailing how the game has changed their lives.
Crossland, their husband Stacey Melnychuk and their four children, Nicholas, Asher, Jaxon and Finley, were featured in the two-minute video filmed by Hockey Night in Canada in association with the NHL.
They received the honour after Crossland entered the national contest calling on Canadians to tell fellow hockey fans how the sport has positively impacted their lives.
For the Crossland/Melnychuk family, hockey has brought them together like no other activity could.
After adopting their first child Nicholas when they were two, Stacy admitted it was difficult to find something to create a stronger bond with him.
Although they had never planned to put their children in hockey, their kids asked if they could play. Soon they found their family strapping on skates and spending much of their time at the rink.
Watching their son struggle as they learned to skate, Stacy wasn't sure Nicholas would like hockey. But seeing their face beaming with joy as they came off the ice that first day changed everything.
“Hockey has changed my life. It's not just a game — it's a family, it's a lifestyle,” said Stacy, who is also the marketing manager of the Whitecourt Wolverines.
Them husband Stacey, who also shares a deep love of the game, is grateful for the way hockey has bonded their family.
Nicholas, now 15, is very close with their mother.
“We spend tons of time together, and I just feel that we owe that to hockey,” said Stacy.
Nicholas is a goaltender for the Midget Tier 3 Wolverines.
“I am a huge hockey fan — ever since I started playing I just loved it,” said Nicholas, who cheers for the Edmonton Oilers.
Showcasing their hockey pride was an exciting first time on TV for him.
Jaxon, 10, was also thrilled to have the chance to share their story nationally. The defense with the Atom 3 Wolverines has received a lot of support so they can take part in hockey. Their right arm suffered nerve damage when they were born, which led to paralysis. So their mother approached hockey equipment manufacturer Bauer, and the company created a special glove which allows Jaxon to hit the ice with their team.
Last year, the young hockey fan won a trip to Buffalo sponsored by Bauer to attend the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
They were excited to be a part of the Hockey Night in Canada feature with their family promoting a sport that has meant so much to them.
After three years at the helm of the Jerusalem Foundation, president Yohanna Arbib-Perugia will step down, effective June 30, the foundation said on Tuesday.
Arbib-Perugia, who says that they have learned a lot by moving from lay leadership to professionalism, believes that other people should also have the opportunity to prove their leadership capabilities in helping to develop the capital.
They underscore that they were privileged to be given that opportunity, adding that now, in the next chapter of their life, they will dedicate themselves to other causes, among them Jewish identity and continuity. They will also seek ways in which to make Israel more relevant and meaningful to Jews everywhere.Beginning in July, the foundation's board of directors in Jerusalem will begin searching for a successor to fill the void being left by Arbib-Perugia, who previously made a name for themselves in the world of Jewish philanthropy through their activities in Keren Hayesod in their native Italy and on a global basis.She leaves the Jerusalem Foundation in a glow of appreciative comments made by many of the people with whom they worked closely.Chairman of the board David Brodet noted that they had come to the foundation with a breadth of fund-raising capabilities and experience, and said the foundation had undoubtedly benefited from their knowledge.International chairperson Sallai Meridor praised their “tremendous commitment,” emphasizing that they had steered the foundation through a very successful 50th anniversary campaign. They credited them with “remarkable fund-raising achievements” and for revitalizing the foundation's senior leadership both in Israel and overseas.Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat said, “Her leadership and contributions to the city will surely be felt for decades to come.”Arbib-Perugia, who has been mentioned as a possible successor to Jewish Agency Chairman Natan Sharansky, said that they were satisfied with the accomplishments of the Jerusalem Foundation, and that they were leaving with a personal sense of fulfillment for all that they and their team have achieved together.Speaking of the overall advancement of the foundation, they said: “We have a new strategic direction, a list of innovative and interesting projects that we believe will impact on the city for many years, and a well-entrenched new senior leadership team in Israel poised to steer the foundation in new directions. We continue to strengthen our relationships with long-standing donors while connecting with the younger generation.”What gives them the greatest satisfaction is that during the three years of their tenure, the foundation has achieved all its fund-raising goals.A full interview with Arbib-Perugia will be published in Friday's Jerusalem Post.
Mickey Daniels is a funny guy, but when it comes to catching fish in Lake Tahoe, he's all business. As skipper of “Big Mack II,” a 43-foot-long fishing boat designed and equipped specifically for Lake Tahoe, Daniels spends most mornings trolling the depths of The Lake searching for trophy-size trout and the beefy Mackinaws that make their clients smile and come back for more.
Daniels is a master guide and a passionate, knowledgeable fisherman who, after more than 50 years of experience, knows the moods and seasons of Tahoe better than anyone. Featured in many sportsmen magazines, Daniels loves to teach their customers about the secrets of fishing one of the world's deepest alpine lakes, mixing both fact and fiction in an entertaining style that keeps people laughing during those rare lulls when the fish aren't biting.
Mickey Daniels has been tagging and releasing caught fish for years, keeping records that track and document the movement and lifespan of the big Macks that prowl Tahoe's depths.
Daniels is best known as the owner of Mickey's Big Mack charters in Carnelian Bay, but their personal history is as colorful and adventurous as their daily forays out into Big Blue.
Born on Oct. 3, 1937, in Canoga Park in Los Angeles, Daniels' family moved to Rio Linda (Sacramento County) where they operated a gas station and store. Later, when their dad got a job as a welder in a Richmond shipyard, they pulled up stakes again. Their father also worked as the captain of a ferryboat on the Columbia River in Washington State, which may explain how Daniels acquired their aquatic genes. The family next settled in Sacramento where their dad ran a small business until their death in 1949. Daniels was only 12 years old at the time and their father's death hit them hard.
While attending Sacramento High School, Daniels played football (in the era when players wore leather helmets) and chased girls until their graduation in 1955. Their love of sports inspired them to pursue a career as a high school coach so they attended junior college where they participated in football, basketball, water polo and swimming. Their ability at swimming led them to a job giving lessons to aspiring California Highway Patrol recruits.
Their experience with the CHP recruits got them thinking about a career in law enforcement, so they joined the Marine Corps in 1957. They served two years including a stint with the Military Police at a San Diego brig. After their honorable discharge, Daniels returned to Northern California and went back to teaching swimming for the Sacramento Unified School District. While working in Sacramento, they spent a lot of time at Lake Tahoe water skiing with friends. They tried snow skiing at Granlibakken, but never became proficient at it. During the 1960 Winter Olympics at Squaw Valley, Daniels attended the Games both weekends.
At that time, their girlfriend and future wife, Sharon Bechdolt, lived in Tahoe City and every weekend Daniels drove from Sacramento to see them The Bechdolts have a long history in Tahoe City — owners of the old Tahoe Inn and the Tahoe City Golf Course — so when they married Sharon in 1960, they joined one of the oldest and most influential families on the North Shore. Their father-in-law, Carl Bechdolt Jr., welcomed Daniels with open arms. When they mentioned that they would like to become a Tahoe City deputy, Carl called the Sheriff at 2 a.m. one weekend to secure a job for their new son-in-law. Daniels was interviewed that Monday and, without any training, was issued a gun, badge and patrol car the next day.
The newlyweds lived behind a gas station in Tahoe City and soon had three children. Daniels served with the sheriff's department for three and a half years, rising to the rank of sergeant. During the December 1963 kidnapping of Frank Sinatra Jr. in South Lake Tahoe, Daniels manned the Tahoe City roadblock as law enforcement tried to catch the kidnappers. Despite the cordon that encircled the lake, the abductors managed to escape the dragnet in a snowstorm.
During the early 1960s, when Frank Sinatra owned the Cal Neva Casino, Daniels would often catch shows with Carl Bechdolt Jr. Carl loved to gamble, but always seemed to win their money back before they left the tables.
In 1964, Daniels left Tahoe City for Sacramento where they trained at the California Highway Patrol Academy before joining the force. They were first assigned to Indio in Southern California, and later transferred to South Lake Tahoe. In early 1967, they were sent to Truckee and assigned to patrol both the Truckee and Tahoe City areas. Sharon and Mickey divorced that year and to make ends meet, they got a job working nights as a stock clerk at the Safeway store in Kings Beach. In typical Tahoe fashion, Mickey often worked two jobs to survive, a schedule that sometimes kept them out of trouble. As a local cop in the early 1960s, they even shined shoes at the Tahoe City Golf Course, much to their boss's chagrin.
In 1969, Daniels offered their assistance to Tahoe City's legendary Swedish-born constable Harry Johanson, who had recently retired and then broken their hip. To help Johanson rehabilitate, Daniels moved into a room in Johanson's house where they spent two years helping them get back on their feet. To this day Daniels says it was an honor to have spent time with the iconic Tahoe lawman.
Also in 1969, Daniels and two other Truckee CHP officers were suspended for “excessive facial hair.” Top CHP brass ordered the men to trim their mustaches and sideburns, or lose their jobs. And even though Daniels still says the whole incident was blown out of proportion, they proudly laminated the original newspaper article for posterity.
In 1985, Daniels married Nora in a West Shore wedding where a rare, early September snowstorm chased everyone into a nearby boat storage facility. At Daniels' surprise birthday party in Tahoe City in 2007, Dr. Charles Goldman, a noted environmental scientist at the University of California, Davis, and an expert on the Lake Tahoe ecosystem, gave tribute to Daniels and acknowledged their contributions to our understanding of the Tahoe fishery. Daniels has been tagging and releasing caught fish for years, keeping records that track and document the movement and lifespan of the big Macks that prowl Tahoe's depths.
Daniels' ongoing contributions to the community and Tahoe science are second nature to him, whose favorite comment is: “It's all part of the system.”
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
Gold for Money claim Seeram's bar/Wiltshire dominoes title
Gold for Money emerged champions of the Seeram's bar/Mark Wiltshire dominoes competition which was contested recently at Seeram's bar, Alexander Village.
Gold for Money, who drew the bye to the finals, chalked up 80 games to beat T and T 76 and Trouble Shooters 71 in the final. Andrew Hope and Toney Suraj made 17 and 16 games respectively for the winners, while Kanhai Samaroo made 16 and Trevor Smith 15 for the runner-up side. Shellon Nicholson and Lourine Reid got 17 and 15 games in that order for Trouble Shooters.
T and T won the semi final encounter with 81 games ahead of Trouble Shooters 77 and Lions 70. Kanhai Samaroo and Trevor Smith made 17 each for T and T, while Ryan Boodhoo contributed 15. Trouble Shooters leading players were William Sergeant and Loraine Reid with 15 games each, while Mark Fung and Shawn Garraway made 16 apiece for Lions.
Meanwhile, Wiltshire will be hosting another tournament tomorrow at Faye Joseph residence, Gaulding Place starting at 14:30hrs. Entrance fee is $14,000 and meals will be provided.
Premium audio fans are about to feel the brunt of Brexit after luxury speaker and sound system manufacturer, Sonos, confirmed they will be raising prices by 25 per cent.
The US company confirmed that the US dollar to pound exchange rate made business “unsustainable” and that prices will increase as of 23 February 2017.
The company reported that the ‘Play' wireless HiFi speaker systems will see a 15 per cent increase in cost with prices being raised by £30, £40 and £70. The 'Connect' speaker systems will see a 25 per cent increase in cost with prices rising from £279 to £349 and £399 to £499.
'Changing circumstances'
“These increases aren't something we take lightly,” the company said in a statement. “But there are times when changing circumstances make them necessary.”
“Over recent months, there has been a significant change on the US Dollar to GBP exchange rate. As a result, our existing pricing has become unsustainable and, like many other companies, we have to increase prices for all products priced in GBP.”
Sonos isn't the only technology giant to be raising prices post-Brexit vote and it joins Apple, Dell and Microsoft who have all credited a weaker pound for their British price hikes.
Country stars are coming out in full force to be a part of 1 Night. 1 Place. 1 Time: A Heroes & Friends Tribute to Randy Travis on Feb. 8 at Nashville's Bridgestone Arena.
Travis Tritt, Kane Brown, James Dupre, Scotty McCreery, Joe Nichols, Collin Raye, The Bellamy Brothers and Ricky Traywick have been added to the already stellar lineup that includes Alabama, Kenny Rogers, Rodney Atkins, Chris Janson, Jamey Johnson, Montgomery Gentry, Michael Ray, Ricky Skaggs, Michael W. Smith, The Randy Travis Band, Tanya Tucker and Josh Turner.
More artists will be announced in the coming weeks.
After suffering a massive stroke in 2013, Randy has made remarkable strides toward recovery, recently singing “Amazing Grace” at their Country Music Hall of Fame induction ceremony in October as well as the tagline to their iconic “Forever and Ever, Amen” at the 2016 CMA Awards in November. A portion of the proceeds of the tribute concert will go to the Randy Travis Foundation, a nonprofit that raises money for stroke research and rehabilitation.
Tickets are on sale now at all Ticketmaster locations and the Bridgestone Arena box office.
CONCORD — Somebody intentionally set last month's massive three-alarm fire at an apartment complex under construction in the downtown area, authorities said Wednesday.
Officials from the federal bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives also revealed that security video from the April 24 fire captured a person they suspect caused the blaze. The agency is offering a $25,000 reward for information leading to the suspect's capture and conviction.
According to the ATF, special agents sent to the fire site included certified fire investigators, fire protection engineers, chemists, forensic mappers and trained K9 teams.
“It was intentionally set and is considered an act of arson,” ATF Special Agent in Charge and spokesperson Jill Snyder said in a statement. They said the findings were based on all of the evidence examined by investigators.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our ew Morning Report weekday newsletter.
“Arson is an act we take very seriously,” they said. “This investigation is still ongoing, and we encourage anyone who may have seen or heard anything to contact ATF.”
The blaze ripped through the five-story apartment complex being built near the corner of Concord Boulevard and Galindo Street and hospitalized two people for smoke inhalation. It also displaced for several days 250 people living at an apartment complex adjacent to the construction site.
Authorities estimated the overall damages at $55 million. The fire also caused the closure of several downtown streets.
According to the ATF, surveillance video showed a person appearing to wear a light-colored hoodie who was seen climbing a fence to enter the structure just before the fire broke out.
The ATF asks anyone with information to call 888-283-3473 or go to www.reportit.com. Information also can be left through the ReportIt app, available both on Google Play and the Apple App Store.
Check back for updates.
Former 'SNL' star Abby Elliott weds "House of Cards" writer Kennedy proposed to Elliott in October 2015.
Could this family spawn 3 'SNL' stars? Bridey Elliott, star of the new quarter-life crisis film “Fort Tilden,” is a third-generation funny person. Them grandfather, Bob Elliott, was a radio legend in the comedy duo Bob and...
Breezy comedy 'Life Partners' shows real female friendship Leighton Meester (“Gossip Girl”) and Gillian Jacobs (“Community”) are inseparable 28-year-old besties in this likably low-key comedy from first-time director Susanna Fogel. Meester's Sasha, an aspiring musician, toils away at...
The Federal Government has pledged to support the West Africa Monetary Institute (WAMI) to enhance trade, create wealth and ease the flow of capital and growth in the region.
Foreign Affairs Minister Geoffrey Onyeama said this when the new Director General of WAMI, Dr Ngozi Egbuna, paid courtesy call on them in Abuja.
The director general had earlier requested the ministry to provide political support for the Institute to enhance its operations in the region.
Onyeama said: “The institute has an objective to have a convergence of trade financial system among the English speaking countries in West Africa to have a macro economic convergence.
“We are in the position to provide some political supports to this institute; first and foremost what we were talking about is important of it becoming a commission and regrouping these countries.
“What we are all aiming for is the single monetary union within the ECOWAS sub region, but there is an organisation that groups monetary union of the French speaking West African countries,” they said
They said that WAMI was the equipment for the English speaking West African countries, which they said was very important in that convergence.
“So we discussed the political support that the ministry should be providing for them to give greater support and empower them more to be able to interact with ECOWAS and, also interact with the West Africa monitoring area, the French speaking monetary Union,” they said.
They said that the institute was created by the English speaking West African countries and had been doing a very good job of ensuring trade facilitation in the region.
They said that the institute was working towards easy trading in the region and ensure that “our currency is to be accepted in the sub region among sub countries.
“It is also to increase trade and create wealth and ease the flow of capital and growth.
“So it forms part of the initiatives or trajectory programme towards greater integration and greater prosperity,” they said.
The WAMI boss had earlier said they were in the ministry to intimate the institute with the ministry's programme and what the institute could do for Nigeria.
Egbuna said that WAMI was ready to foster more integration in the sub region.
“In the West African Monetary Zone, we need more integration in terms of trade, financial institution, integration of capital market; our insurance companies have to be integrated.
“That is what our main programmes are but beyond that we need to have more synergy as English speaking West African countries plus Guinea,” they said.
Sierra Leone Telegraph: 18 March 2018:
The recent sitting of the central committee of the Chinese Communist Party(CCP) rolled out a big surprise development: a proposed removal of presidential term limits. This came among a raft of other constitutional amendments.
The two-term limit had been instituted in 1982 by Deng Xiaoping after their experience with the chaotic post-Mao succession. Term limits were instituted to facilitate orderly succession and to support China's reform era.
China's economic transformation wasn't to be disrupted or sidetracked by unnecessary political struggles and uncertainty. Consequently, successive communist leaders have abided by this limitation. And it has ushered in relatively smooth and carefully choreographed changes of leadership.
The broader implication of this announcement, critics fear, might be that it signals to African authoritarians to strengthen their grasp on executive office and push back on the need for leadership alternation.
In fact observers are already pointing to the increasing allure of the China model as a basis for African economic and political development.
In Africa, term limits have acted as a democratic safety net for the untamed African presidency, and their removal has often been counterproductive. Their removal in Beijing might have the unintended knock-on effect of weakening faltering democracies on the African continent.
The era of Xi Jinping
President Xi Jinping's tenure has been like no other in China's recent history. Arguably the most transformative leader since Mao Zedong, they have gone on to cement an indelible mark on the system that paved their way to the top.
As the President of the People's Republic, chairperson of the Central Military Commission, and general secretary of the CCP, they have consolidated their core leadership. They have also had their personal political doctrine; Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era written into the constitution.
While at it, they tore up the rule book by purging the highest party echelons of corrupt officials both big and small. Or in their words “tigers and flies”.
Xi has also pivoted China to the centre of the world stage. They have midwifed an assertive and confident China that is no longer subservient to the West.
Some might even call them a progressive. And this is why the CCP's proposal to remove China's presidential term limits could be construed as surprising.
To the keen observer, however, this latest development isn't as surprisingas it seems. This is because there was a notable absence of primed successors in China's new Standing Committee of the Politburo historically an avenue from which incoming leadership is always chosen. The five existing members all 60 years and above are presumed too old to be considered for president at the 20th congress in 2022.
So for the moment, once the constitutional changes are approved, President Xi Jinping will stay put.
But what impact will this have beyond China?
Relations between Africa and China
African countries are often castigated for their poor leadership record, long term presidencies and atrocious human rights record.
Yet in dealing with African states, China professes a doctrine of non-interference in the internal matters of national governments.
The implication has been that China is willing to do business with African leaders irrespective of their political realities. (Photo: Samura Kamara – Sierra Leone ruling APC presidential candidate).
As a result China's relations with countries such as Zimbabwe, Sudan, Ethiopia, Gabon, Angola, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and Uganda – to mention a few – have been buoyed by billions of dollars of investment.
In return, China expects Africa's political support and steady access to the continent's raw materials. This according to Beijing is a win-win mutual relationship.
With the removal of China's presidential term limits adds a new dimension to the relationship: African presidents now have a political godfather whose political practice they can claim to emulate. Or at the very least to validate their continued stay in office.
Claims that removing term limits will ensure that Chinese live happier lives, rejuvenate economic and political growth, and fulfil the will of the people mirrors the rhetoric in countries like Rwanda, Uganda, Burundi, Congo, and Gabon to mention but a few.
China has fast become Africa's development partner of choice and now the country and the continent are on the same political wavelength.
To be fair, however, while Xi Jinping has superintended over phenomenal social and economic transformation over the past few years (he has been in power since 2012), not much can be said of their African counterparts. While they have aggressively and persistently purged corrupt officials their counterparts continued to indulge in unabated state looting and profligacy.
Unwelcome gift
While ending term limits might be good for China, it is an unwelcome gift for African despots who can now point to China as justification for their authoritarian tendencies.
China might profess a non-interference policy, and claim to tailor its engagements on a country by country basis, but it will remain a model for much African governance whether it likes it or not. And therein lies the irony of global leadership for with power comes responsibility.
About the author
David E Kiwuwa is Associate Professor of International Studies at Princeton University, writing in theconversation.com
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
The Good Fight Sunday, 9 p.m., CBS All Access Season 2 of “The Good Fight” welcomes a new character to the legal drama. Liz Reddick-Lawrence (Audra McDonald) is a Department...
For the last few years, McDonald has joined a fundraising event where members of the New York theater community to pass an entire night on the street, regardless of weather.
Image copyright Thinkstock
Repeated headers during a footballer's professional career may be linked to long-term brain damage, according to tentative evidence from UK scientists.
The research, the first of its kind, follows anecdotal reports that players who head balls may be more prone to developing dementia later in life.
The Football Association says it will look at this area more closely.
Experts said recreational players were unlikely to incur problems.
The daughter of former England and West Brom striker Jeff Astle, who died aged 59 suffering from early onset dementia, said it was "obvious that it [his dementia] was linked to their footballing career".
Dawn Astle said they went from being "fit as a fiddle to just a shell", adding: "He was surrounded by England caps, FA Cup winners' medals, everything he'd won in football - they remembered none of it."
Media caption Jeff Astle's daughter tells Today it's "unforgivable" the problem was ignored for so long
Researchers from University College London and Cardiff University examined the brains of five people who had been professional footballers and one who had been a committed amateur throughout their life.
They had played football for an average of 26 years and all six went on to develop dementia in their 60s.
While performing post mortem examinations, scientists found signs of brain injury - called chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) in four cases.
CTE has been linked to memory loss, depression and dementia and has been seen in other contact sports.
Prof Huw Morris, of University College London, told the BBC: "When we examined their brains at autopsy we saw the sorts of changes that are seen in ex-boxers, the changes that are often associated with repeated brain injury which are known as CTE.
"So really for the first time in a series of players we have shown that there is evidence that head injury has occurred earlier in their life which presumably has some impact on them developing dementia."
In the study, published in the journal Acta Neuropathologica, the report's authors make it clear they were not analysing the risks of heading by children.
'It was like looking after a toddler'
Image copyright PA Image caption Jeff Astle won five caps for England and played in the 1970 World Cup Finals
The inquest of ex-England player Jeff Astle, who died in 2002, found that repeatedly heading heavy leather footballs had contributed to trauma to their brain.
Their daughter Dawn told BBC Radio 5 Live: "At the Coroner's inquest, football tried to sweep their death under a carpet. They didn't want to know, they didn't want to think that football could be a killer and sadly, it is. It can be."
They said their father was 55 and physically very fit when they went to the doctor, who diagnosed them with the early onset of dementia.
"He went through the stages that people do who suffer with it: they were extremely restless, they went through a stage when they wouldn't leave the house, they would try to get out of a moving car, they would eat things that you shouldn't do, drink things that you shouldn't do - that would make you violently ill.
"He also went through the stage of being socially unacceptable. It was like looking after a toddler.
"The saddest time was the latter stage when we knew the disease had really got a hold of him.
"He didn't even know he'd ever been a footballer. Everything football ever gave him, football had taken away.
"And they didn't recognise me or my sisters, they were just a shell. My dad was the most unique character, they were laughing and joking all day long - it was just desperately sad, desperately brutal.
"I wasn't ready to lose him."
Mr Astle's widow, Laraine, from Netherseal in Derbyshire, said: "We've been saying this for 15 years [since Jeff died]. Their inquest said they died of industrial disease.
"It is disgraceful nothing concrete has been done since by the FA or the PFA.
"It's all about informed choice. On the back of a cigarette packet, smokers can read about risks to their health."
The family set up the Jeff Astle Foundation to campaign for further research and is calling for more donors to donate their brains.
But the science is far from clear-cut.
Each brain also showed signs of Alzheimer's disease and some had blood vessel changes that can also lead to dementia.
Researchers speculate that it was a combination of factors that contributed to dementia in these players.
But they acknowledge their research cannot definitively prove a link between football and dementia and are calling for larger studies to look at footballers' long-term brain health.
Image copyright SPL Image caption There are many different types of dementia. Alzheimer's is the most common form.
Dr David Reynolds, at the charity Alzheimer's Research UK, said: "The causes of dementia are complex and it is likely that the condition is caused by a combination of age, lifestyle and genetic factors.
"Further research is needed to shed light on how lifestyle factors such as playing sport may alter dementia risk, and how this sits in the context of the well-established benefits of being physically active."
They added that for people who are recreational footballers, football injuries are unlikely to cause long-term problems and they pointed to expert advice that the benefit of exercise is likely to outweigh the risks.
A number of previous cases involving boxers and American footballers have suggested that repetitive blows can cause long-lasting and progressive brain damage.
But until now there have only been a few case reports of individual footballers with CTE in the UK and the extent of the issue is still unknown.
The Football Association welcomed the study and said research was particularly needed to find out whether degenerative brain disease is more common in ex-footballers.
Dr Charlotte Cowie, of the FA, added: "The FA is determined to support this research and is also committed to ensuring that any research process is independent, robust and thorough, so that when the results emerge, everyone in the game can be confident in its findings."
Have you told your child not to head the ball when playing football, to avoid getting injured? Tell us your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk
You can also contact us in the following ways:
Tweet: @BBC_HaveYourSay
Send pictures/video to yourpics@bbc.co.uk
Upload your pictures/video here
Text an SMS or MMS to 61124 (UK) or +44 7624 800 100 (international)
Downsizing - 38884601
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) - Authorities say a New Jersey police officer took part in the assault of a patient at a hospital and recorded another assault of the same patient on their cellphone, then didn't report either incident.
Paterson Officer Roger Then was arrested Wednesday and charged with conspiring to violate the patient's civil rights and for concealing the violation. The 29-year-old Paterson resident was due in court later in the day, and it wasn't known if they had an attorney.
Federal prosecutors say Then and another Paterson officer were involved in the separate assaults on March 5. Authorities say the victim had multiple facial injuries, including an eye injury that required surgery.
It wasn't immediately clear if the other officer is facing charges.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
News courtesy Andaman Sheekha ::
Staff Correspondent
Port Blair, Feb 14: Dozens of incidents of assaulting and mistreating toddlers in Day Care Centers in Mainland India are being reported by National Media and now some parents complain that in Andaman too some Day Care centers have started fooling parents and mistreating toddlers.
Parents, some are government servants, and do not want their names to be quoted, told Andaman Sheekha that they have found that their children were kept under total negligence under extreme unhygienic conditions in a day care centre, whenever they visited the Day care center without any notice.
This is alarming that Day Care Centers are mushrooming in these Islands too but there is still no fixed guideline for them. “The social welfare department and police must keep an eye over such Day Care Centers,” said an angry parent, who is all set to lodge an official complaint against a Day Care Centre very soon. Hope the Administration will take a proper note of this issue and take strong steps to ensure children are not mistreated.
If you've ever called 911 to report an emergency, thank the Johnson Crime Commission. Establishing a national emergency number was just one of more than 200 recommendations the Commission offered up in a landmark 1967 report "for a safer and more just society."
Two years earlier, President Lyndon Johnson had appointed lawyers, educators, law enforcement officers, social workers and others – 19 members in all — to the group officially called the President's Commission on Law Enforcement and Administration of Justice. The 1960s was a turbulent decade, and crime had been a major concern. Johnson told the group they were spearheading a new "war on crime," and they wanted them to be revolutionary in their recommendations. Over 18 months, the Crime Commission, including 63 staffers and hundreds of consultants and advisers, collected data and studied everything from juvenile delinquency to organized crime.
The final report, "The Challenge of Crime in a Free Society," called for sweeping changes in policing, the courts and corrections. President Johnson said it was "the most comprehensive and detailed program for meeting the challenge of crime ever proposed in this country."
Carnegie Mellon Professor Alfred Blumstein, widely recognized now for their research on criminal justice and violence, was one of the original staff members of the Johnson Crime Commission. At the time, they didn't think of the report as a revolution, "but one thing that did come out of it was a movement toward thinking of the criminal justice system as a system," Blumstein says. As the Crime Commission's director of technology, Blumstein and their group developed a flowchart, often used in criminology text books, that provided a visual take on how the courts, police and corrections interact.
Sheldon Krantz was also on the commission staff. Now a visiting professor of Law at Georgetown University, they were assigned to work on the Commission's Police Task Force during a time when brutal police clashes with residents sometimes played out in full view during race riots across the country.
"I think it's fair to say in the '60s, police in America were in a somewhat primitive state, there was limited training, a lack of education, a lack of diversity," Krantz says.
The Commission concluded that to achieve more effective and fairer law enforcement, especially with the poor, minority groups and juveniles, there had to be a radical revision of police personnel practices. It also defined that the federal government's role in policing should be in providing grants to local and state law enforcement and developing community oriented policing that focused on police and residents working together to fight crime. Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson says that push for ongoing training for police departments is one of the legacies of the crime report.
"We can always get better and be better," Johnson says.
The Johnson Commission concluded that seven objectives, including setting aside more money for basic research and devising different ways to deal with offenders, could help significantly reduce crime. Although many of the recommendations were wishful thinking, they did inspire changes beyond the 911 system. Here are just a few examples:
1. The Commission said there was no reliable research about crime, so it collected data on an unprecedented scale.
Legacy: The creation of the first national Crime Victimization Survey. Today, the Bureau of Justice Statistics samples households every year to collect information about crimes that are both reported and not reported to police.
2. The Commission called for improved training and professionalization for law enforcement
Legacy: Many police departments, especially in large cities, have training departments.
3. The Commission recognized and said there must be ways to lessen the tension between police and communities
Legacy: The development of the Community Oriented Policing Services (COPS) program
4. The Commission recommended that Congress creates a new office in the Justice Department devoted to assisting state and local law enforcement departments
Legacy: The creation of the Law Enforcement Assistance Administration, the federal agency provides federal funds to state and local law enforcement for local crime initiatives and education
Although, the Johnson Report focused on actions government could take, the Commission stated that controlling crime was the business of every American and American institution. It called for taking steps beyond cooperating with police or accepting jury duty and declared that citizens must respect the law, refuse to cut corners and reject the cynical argument that "anything goes as long as you don't get caught."
Laurie Robinson, a co-chairperson of President Obama's White House Task Force on 21st century policing, says the Johnson Crime commission report was a guidepost for their group in a number of areas.
"We looked at the Johnson's Commission work on technology and of course we zeroed in on areas like body-worn cameras."
Now a criminologist at George Mason University, Robinson says the hallmark of the Johnson Crime Commission is that it spelled out new expectations for police, the courts, corrections and other players in the criminal justice system. They say that hadn't been done before on such a scale.
"The Johnson Crime Commission is really the most influential study of crime justice that has ever been undertaken in the United States," Robinson says.
Robinson and other legal scholars, including Stanley Krantz and Alfred Blumstein, will gather in a symposium in October to discuss the 50th anniversary of the "Challenge of Crime" report. There's also a bipartisan push in Congress to establish a new National Commission to, once again, review the country's criminal justice system from top to bottom.
FORD COUNTY – One person was injured in a 3-vehicle accident just after 4p.m. on Tuesday in Ford County.
The Kansas Highway Patrol reported a 2016 Dodge Ram pickup driven by Jessee Stickell, 51, Pottsville, PA., was northbound on U.S. 56 just south of U.S. 400.
As the pickup approached the intersection at Lariat Way, a 2001 Cadillac DeVille driven by Jose G. Soto-Gonzalez, 30, Dodge City, attempted to cross U.S. 56 from Lariat Way.
The Dodge collided with the Cadillac and rolled into the northeast ditch. The Cadillac spun around and hit a USD 443 school bus driven by Wade S. Hampton, 64, Dodge City, that was stopped on Lariat Way headed west bound on U.S. 56.
Stickel was transported to Western Plains Medical Center.
Soto-Gonzalez, Hampton and 9 children on the school bus were not injured.
The drivers were properly restrained at the time of the accident, according to the KHP.
The proposed training, which would have been provided by volunteers at no cost to the state, would occur during orientation for legislators at the beginning of each session.
The bill was not prompted by the Dakota Access Pipeline protests, but several who testified in support of the training said better cultural understanding could have prevented some of the conflicts that arose during the protests.
The Senate Government and Veterans Affairs Committee amended the bill to a legislative management study to consider the need for cultural competency training for legislators, other elected and appointed officials and state employees.
Sen. Shawn Vedaa, R-Velva, a member of the committee, said Tuesday, Feb. 14, the bill was amended to a study because several committee members felt requiring the training "was overstepping legislation."
Sen. Dick Dever, R-Bismarck, spoke in favor of the bill as a way to repair relationships that have been strained during the pipeline protests.
"I think there have been damages done to the relationships between our general population and the population south of here through recent events," Dever said.
The Senate voted to amend the bill to a study, but ultimately the bill failed in a 20-26 vote on Tuesday.
Sen. Richard Marcellais, D-Belcourt, a member of the Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa and one of the bill's sponsors, said they are disappointed with the vote.
"It's not going to improve the communications or relations between the state and tribes," they said.
Marcellais sponsored similar legislation in 2009 that also failed in the Senate with a similar vote.
FARGO, N.D. (AP) — The Latest on one of two suspects pleading guilty in the killing of a pregnant North Dakota woman. (all times local):
11:40 a.m.
A North Dakota woman has pleaded guilty in the killing of a pregnant neighbor so they and their boyfriend could keep the baby.
Thirty-eight-year-old Brooke Crews could face life in prison after pleading guilty Monday to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder, and lying to law officers in the death of 22-year-old Savanna Greywind, of Fargo.
Crews' attorney said they wanted to take responsibility for their actions, but Crews didn't offer details on how Greywind was killed. Authorities haven't said either.
Greywind was eight months pregnant when they disappeared in August. Kayakers found their body wrapped in plastic in a river. The baby was found alive in the apartment Crews shared with their 32-year-old boyfriend, William Hoehn. He's scheduled for trial in March.
Cass County prosecutor Birch Burdick didn't comment on Crews' plea.
___
10:15 a.m.
A North Dakota woman accused of killing a pregnant neighbor so they and their boyfriend could keep the baby is set to change them plea.
Thirty-eight-year-old Brooke Crews is scheduled to appear in Cass County Court in Fargo on Monday. They and their boyfriend, 32-year-old William Hoehn, have pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to commit murder and kidnapping in the death of 22-year-old Savanna Greywind.
Investigators haven't said how Greywind was killed, but Fargo's police chief has called it a "cruel and vicious act of depravity."
The baby was found alive in Crews and Hoehn's apartment in Fargo. Greywind's boyfriend says DNA tests confirmed they and Greywind are the girl's parents.
Greywind was eight months pregnant when they disappeared in August. Kayakers found their body wrapped in plastic in a river.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PLEASANT HOPE, Mo. (AP) — An employee has been seriously injured in an explosion at a pyrotechnics plant in southwest Missouri.
KSPR-TV reports that a fire subsequently broke out Tuesday at the AM Pyrotechnics plant in Pleasant Hope, which supplies big fireworks shows.
Fire Protection District Fire Chief Jake Agee says there was a report of a loud explosion and by the time firefighters arrived, more explosions had taken place.
Firefighters said most of the workers left the building before the fire, but one person remained inside.
Agee says the woman was removed from the building with serious injuries and flown to a hospital.
Agee says several fire departments responded to the blaze and that the cause of the explosion is under investigation.
Image copyright Getty Images
New data protection rules will come into force in the UK in May.
The EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) will change how companies and individuals collect, store and share data.
With the biggest change to data privacy in the UK since 1998 coming up, Reality Check explains what you need to know.
1. What is the GDPR?
The GDPR will give people more control over how organisations use their personal information, or data.
It's a piece of EU legislation that was passed in 2016. It aims to create identical data privacy laws across all EU countries.
Under the new rules, companies won't be allowed to collect someone's personal details without their consent. Companies must also report any data breaches to authorities within 72 hours.
Individuals will be able to request information about how a company might be using their data, what data it collects, and why.
2. Why does it matter?
In the UK, the GDPR will replace the Data Protection Act 1998.
Today, we create a huge amount of data - from watches tracking calories and sleep, to apps for managing finances or messaging friends.
So, the GDPR was created to bring data protection rules up to date with how much data we produce, and how companies are using it.
With recent data breaches at companies such as Facebook, Uber and MyFitnessPal, the regulation will also give companies tougher guidelines on how they can use data.
Image copyright Getty Images
3. When is it coming in?
The new law will apply in all EU states from 25 May 2018.
4. Who does it apply to?
The GDPR will apply to all data "controllers" or "processers".
Controllers give direction on how and why personal data is processed (such as a company), while a processor carries out the action of collecting the data (such as an IT apprentice).
The regulation will also apply to individuals. For example, a hairdresser who collects email addresses of customers to send a newsletter to needs to comply with the new rules.
The GDPR will apply to anyone offering services in the EU, regardless of where it is headquartered.
5. What does personal data mean?
The GDPR applies to all personal data. That means any information that could identify a living person, directly or indirectly.
This could include their name, location or their phone number.
Some personal information is classed as sensitive by the GDPR, and needs more protection. That could include ethnic origin, sexual orientation, religious belief, trade union membership and more.
Image copyright Getty Images
6. Can I access data about myself?
Anyone can ask a company to confirm what personal data it has about them.
That person has the right to be provided with a copy of the information - as well as the reason for that company collecting their personal data and who gets to see it.
The company must supply this free of charge and in an accessible way, such as on email, within 30 days of the request, under the GDPR.
Individuals can also ask for data to be corrected, if it's not accurate.
7. What is the right to be forgotten?
People can also ask for their personal data to be deleted at any time - if it's no longer relevant. This is known as the right to be forgotten.
This right also applies online. Someone could ask a company that has made their personal data available online - such as a search engine - to delete it, for example.
Those companies are obligated to inform others that the owner of the personal data has requested the right to be forgotten. The data, links to it and copies of it, must be deleted.
8. How will the GDPR affect my business?
Companies with more than 250 employees must document all of the data they are processing, including why, how customers opted in, who can see the data, and a description of their security measures.
Image copyright Getty Images
Smaller companies might need only to document data they process on a regular basis, or data they process that is sensitive.
Some business groups have raised concerns about the impact the new rules could have, saying many companies are unaware of the changes, and that recording this additional information will be a burden.
The Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) is responsible for enforcing the GDPR in the UK. It has published a 12-step guide on how businesses can get ready.
9. Can I be fined for failing to comply?
Yes - the GDPR allows the ICO to issue fines to anyone failing to comply.
The ICO can issue fines of up to about £17.5m, or 4% of a company's global turnover, whichever is higher.
Fines can be issued for misusing data, data breaches, or failing to process an individual's data correctly.
10. Will it still apply after the UK leaves the EU?
GDPR rules will continue to apply after the UK leaves the EU.
The government's Data Protection Bill, means that GDPR rules will essentially be replicated in UK law.
The bill also adds the ability for individuals to request that social media companies delete any posts they made when they were a child, and expands the definition of personal data to include IP addresses, internet cookies - and even DNA.
Read the ICO's full guide to the GDPR here.
Read more from Reality Check
Send us your questions
Follow us on Twitter
JASPER COUNTY, Ind. (WLFI) — A Valparaiso man remains in jail Monday after police found 48 grams of meth during a traffic stop on Interstate 65 over the weekend.
Police say 38-year-old Christopher Elston was pulled over for driving erratically Sunday morning near the Fair Oaks exit.
Police say consent was given to search the vehicle and 48 grams of meth were found in a plastic bag. A hypodermic needle and other drug paraphernalia were also confiscated.
Elston is currently being held in the Jasper County Jail without bond.
They face felony charges of dealing in methamphetamine, possession of methamphetamine and possession of a hypodermic needle. Elston also faces a misdemeanor charge of possession of paraphernalia.
 They are scheduled to appear in court Monday.
Trump gets nudge from First Lady to raise hand for National Anthem
Heat's Erik Spolestra talks about the 'special season'
1:07
Follow @insidefutbol
Leeds United head coach Garry Monk has revealed that they always expected a goalkeeper of Rob Green's quality to pull off important saves last night against Bristol City.
Chris Wood and Pablo Hernandez scored on either side of the break to provide a solid two goal cushions to Leeds at Elland Road and while Bristol City did pull one back in the sixth minute of stoppage time, it was nothing more than a consolation goal.
However, Leeds were under pressure after the break despite being two goals ahead and Green had to make some smart saves to keep the away side at bay in the second half.
There was an argument that the goalkeeper could have been rewarded with the Man of the Match accolade, but Monk feels the saves Green made were regulation for a goalkeeper of their quality.
Asked if Green could have deserved the Man of the Match award, the Leeds boss told BBC Radio Leeds: “I guess so, in terms of the actual saves that they made.
“But I think they are saves you expect Green, of their quality, to make them; it was important.”
Leeds remains in fifth in the league table on 57 points, six clear of seventh placed Norwich City at the moment.
United Airlines is scrambling to respond to intense and far-reaching scrutiny after the airline bumped an unwilling passenger, whom authorities forcibly dragged down the aisle, off the flight on Sunday evening.
The incident was recorded by several passengers onboard the internal flight and, as a result, the debacle has sparked a social media backlash that left many wondering: How could this have happened?
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed United Airlines doubles down on passenger being dragged from plane 3:28 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Airlines overbooking flights is a relatively standard practice and passengers, whether they realize this or not, agree to the policy when purchasing flight tickets. Although carriers vary in their processes, generally an airline will overbook in order to offset the perceived likelihood of no-shows.
Federal rules dictate a carrier must first check whether anyone is willing to voluntarily give up their seat before then bumping flyers involuntarily if nobody comes forward.
United CEO Oscar Munoz claimed the airline company "followed established procedures" when aviation police removed a "disruptive and belligerent" passenger from the plane. The airline, owned by United Continental Holdings, said in a statement that the flight had been overbooked.
Oscar Munoz, chief executive officer of United listens during a discussion at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce aviation summit in Washington on March 2, 2017. Andrew Harrer / Bloomberg via Getty Images
"Overbooking is a necessity for airlines due to different levels of no show passengers experienced on different routes. It's normally a highly sophisticated process based on extensive detailed statistical analysis," John Strickland, an aviation expert and director at JLS Consulting, told CNBC.
"Even when passengers are forcibly denied boarding the idea is to handle this as tactfully and sensitively as possible," Strickland added.
In the case of the United Express flight 3411 from Chicago to Louisville on Sunday, four crew members were required to board the plane in order to work from Louisville the following day.
While it is customary for airlines to negotiate the number of passengers on board a flight, analysts suggested it was unusual such protocol took place after everyone had boarded the plane.
Audra Bridges, a witness who posted the video to their Facebook page Sunday evening, said United management came on board the flight and used a computer to randomly select four passengers who would then be removed from that trip. The man in the video — one of those four randomly selected — reportedly claimed they were a doctor and needed to see their patients at the hospital in the morning, then proceeded to say they would call their lawyers.
In an internal letter sent to employees, Munoz claimed the passenger who had been involuntarily removed from the flight had "raised their voice and refused to comply."
The letter, which was obtained by CNBC, added, "(Crew members) were left with no choice but to call Chicago Aviation Security Officers to assist in removing the customer from the flight."
The U.S. Department of Transportation states that each airline must "give all passengers who are bumped involuntarily a written statement describing their rights and explaining how the carrier decides who gets on an oversold flight and who doesn't."
When Adam Trent was a young child, they hungered to be a musician. When they were 9, they were given a magic book and everything changed. They began practicing magic tricks. They continued practicing magic and as they grew up they worked through high school and college performing magic shows. Trent worked as a street performer on the Santa Monica Pier and after that they worked on cruise ships. It was all they wanted to do.
Watch Adam Trent perform on “Ellen”
Then, Trent was given the opportunity to tour with The Illusionists. The show took them to Broadway where they performed for two years. They went solo for a bit, only to come back this year with The Illusionists and a new production.
Wed.-Sun. | Until Oct. 22 | $29.95-$49.95
Eldorado | Reno, Nev.
It's a large-scale production that includes high-tech lights, LED walls, video and lots of music. Trent says they watch music concerts and shows for inspiration for their magic tricks. He's come a long way from carrying their props around in a suitcase for theirs shows.
Adam Trent's fun-loving, comedic nature makes this show absolutely enjoyable. Their high energy and affable nature immediately draw you into their world.
I had the opportunity to attend their show during the first week of their world premiere at the Eldorado Resort Casino in Reno, Nev., where Trent is beginning an 80-city tour. Their Reno show runs through Oct. 22.
Their love of music is evident and an integral part of theirs show.
“The songs we play during the show are feel-good songs. It is juxtaposed with someone young using older music. I think it gives the show a nice, interesting edge. I've been exploring old performers: Nat King Cole and Louie Armstrong. It's the music I like listening to,” says Trent. “I add two or three new bits to each performance, which makes the show radically different.”
The LED wall is impressive as they jump in and out of it. They make cards disappear, items float across the stage and they swallow large objects as people gasp in wonder. Holographic images capture the attention of the audience. Trent's fun-loving, comedic nature makes this show absolutely enjoyable. Their high energy and affable nature immediately draw you into their world.
Audience engagement is a huge part of the show. A young child is brought up to the stage to participate and is given an evening to remember. Trent sits at the piano and plays a tune. They put an audience member's smartphone in a blender with liquid and we watch the owner wonder what will happen as the sound of the blender whirls throughout the theater. Trent brings out a melon, cuts it in half and reveals the phone intact. Trent magically appears in the audience in a seat a few rows away when seconds earlier we were watching them on stage.
“I choose people out of the audience depending on what the act feels like it needs, maybe a lady for a playful feel or a guy for certain acts. I know what each bit needs,” they say.
After thousands of shows, Trent has a knack for choosing people and an intuition of how certain people in the audience will respond.
“[My style] is modern and fun magic. I don't take myself too seriously. I think of my show as laid-back and not-so-intense magic,” they say.
For him, it's all about people coming to their show and having a good time.
For more information and show times, visit eldoradoreno.com or adamtrent.com.
Bank robbery suspect caught hiding in port-a-potty REVERE, Mass. — A bank robbery suspect is in police custody after authorities say they tried to make a smelly escape in a portable toilet. Police say 41-year-old Steven Spolidoro,...
This 'very bad bank robber' might want to find a new racket A bungling crook's pathetic attempt to become John Dillinger ended Wednesday morning after they tried to rob banks around Manhattan and wound up coming away empty handed every time, sources...
Junkie accused of robbing bank to repay money they stole from mom He's an accused burglar – and a mama's boy. An admitted drug addict is charged with desperately trying to rob three Flatiron District banks so they could repay money he...
Hat-loving serial bank robber used cash to fuel heroin habit The Manhattan serial bank robber who used a stylish assortment of hats as a disguise is an out-of-work junkie who constantly needed money to get their drug fix, The Post...
Hat-loving serial bank robber finally busted in failed heist Time to hang up their hat! A serial bank robber who hit six Big Apple banks wearing a stylish assortment of hats was finally busted after a failed heist at...
Every relationship has its own little secret of what keeps it going and rocking. Today, we are going to look at what every man wants in relationship, it will help us get rid of some troubles we encounter in our relationships and put to an end , some avoidable misunderstandings .
Men in general, no matter how big or small, love to be praised; they love to be appreciated. When a man accomplishes a task, they like to be noticed by their woman, they want their woman at that point to praise him, using every sweet word at him, then you see their pride come all out. The more you praise their positive doings, the more you see the better man in him.
Men see respect as love. A man wants to be respected all round, no man wants a woman that will talk back at him, instead, when they say a thing, they want to be supported and accepted just the way it is, without argument. Also, when a man feels their partner disapproves of him, their career, or the things they hold in high esteem, they develop a hard time trusting and loving them If a man's partner doesn't respect their dreams and desires in life, they find it difficult to love them
Men connect through sex and communication, but mostly through sex. This does not mean that a man needs to have sex every time with their partner to feel connected, No! just that sometimes a man will initiate sex in order to make sure that the woman is still sexually available for him.
Emotional Intimacy: Men can be emotional sometimes, but they are thought at a very young age not to appear weak no matter what they come across in life. This type of weakness includes, complaining, opening up their fears and concerns and showing doubt or worry. A man's partner is their safe space to fall. They tell them their trouble and expects them to help him. They need to make sure that when they cry in front of her, they must have to elicit the right response. If they are pushed away or unable to be nurtured when they need it the most, they will eventually lose trust and emotions.
Within all relationships, men want more time apart. Every man needs space, they need some time alone. Suffocating a man by being around them all the time or putting up over-jealous behavior is the fastest way to end a relationship. Men need a breathing room in their relationship. They don't like to be stuffed up, men don't like it when their partner looks into their privacy, like their phones. Tony once said that they don't like to beat women but the first girl they beat in their life is the girl they are dating presently.
 They are always going through their phone, checking who calls them and whom they call. They take the numbers of Tony's female callers and calls them back, warning them to desist from calling them again. One day they couldn't take it any longer. The result was a fight and they beat them badly. Although they apologized to them and promised never to beat them again, that almost ended their relationship.
Men are always attracted to something in a relationship. When a man is in a very serious relationship they tend to open up about themselves to their partner and they wouldn't like them to use the things they told them against him. They feel secure when they are allowed to have their guy's nights away from their partner unperturbed.
They also feel secure with the partner who takes steps to love them in the way that they most cherishes.
Most importantly, men want to be fed not only at the right time, but with the right meal that suits their appetite. This is why women who understand this, walk straight into their guys' hert by getting them fed in the first place.
Men seek a care giver in every woman. They want their clothings laundered, their house kept.
Therefore, and their meal made if you are a man reading this, do you feel like all your needs are being met? Is there something your partner does differently, then send this article to her, if you are someone who is in a relationship with a man and you are reading this, how could you love them more and fully? Which of these can you put in more into your relationship? This isn't about blame or fault-finding, or anybody doing anything wrong. This is about loving people in the best way that they could possibly be loved.
Sylvia ThankGod-Amadi/Chinasa Azodoh
Ponda: Former chief minister Ravi Naik on Sunday demanded an investigation into the “exorbitant cost” of renovating the Kranti Maidan in Ponda.The renovation work was proposed by Naik's political rivals former PWD minister Sudin Dhavalikar and Ponda MLA Lavoo Mamledar and the same was launched by Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar in 2013.Addressing a press conference in Ponda, Ravi said, “Prior to the renovation, the Kranti Maidan was used by all religious groups to celebrate festivals like Ganesh and Christmas. But the renovation work has destroyed its beauty with the open space being used for construction in the name of renovation due to which religious functions are celebrated on roadside, creating traffic chaos.”
They claimed that the Ponda Municipal Council had provided NOC only for beautification of the Kranti Maidan, instead the PWD went beyond the terms of the NOC and carried out unwanted renovation works by cutting several trees without permission of forest department. They said as per an RTI information obtained by him, PWD appointed Abijeet Sadhle as the consultant for the project as well as for traffic management project and paid them fees of Rs 13.17 lakh which is 4 percent of the total cost for renovation work.Ravi said Rs 4.23 crore was sanctioned by government for the renovation work, but after the consultant's advise that amount rose to Rs 4.86 crore, which, according to Ravi, must be decided and sanctioned by the Department and not on advice of the consultant.He also alleged that the PWD carried out the renovation work of Kranti Maidan without acquiring the land and without completing proper formalities. [H]
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Thursday:
1. HIGH-STAKES DIPLOMACY PLAYING OUT
A senior North Korean official arrives in New York in the highest-level official visit to the United States in 18 years, as President Trump and Kim Jong-un try to salvage their on-again, off-again nuclear summit.
2. ‘I'M STILL ALIVE'
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko walks into a news conference a day after police said they had been assassinated. Authorities say their death was staged to foil a plot on their life by Moscow's security services.
3. GRAND JURY INDICTS HARVEY WEINSTEIN
The indictment on rape and criminal sex act charges furthers the first criminal case to arise from a slate of sexual misconduct allegations against the former movie mogul.
4. WHICH CONSPIRACY THEORY IS BEING DEBUNKED
There's no evidence that the FBI planted a “spy” on Trump's 2016 campaign, a senior House Republican says, despite the president's repeated assertions.
5. IN MIDEAST, AN UNEASY TRUCE
With a cease-fire declared, Israel and Hamas appear to have avoided — for now — a fourth war after a day of intense rocket fire and airstrikes.
6. WHY DRUG COMPANY ISN'T TAKING BLAME
The maker of Ambien says that “racism is not a known side effect” after Roseanne Barr cited the insomnia drug in explaining the tweet that led ABC to cancel them show.
7. WALMART WORKERS GET COLLEGE ON THE CHEAP
America's largest private employer is offering its employees a new perk: affordable access to a college degree.
8. WHAT'S FUELING TRADE TENSIONS
Europe braces for the U.S. to announce restrictions on imported steel and aluminum, a move that could provoke retaliatory tariffs.
9. BELTWAY ABUZZ OVER MELANIA'S WHEREABOUTS
The first lady tries to tamp down speculation about why she's not been seen in public in nearly three weeks, tweeting that she's “feeling great.”
10. WHOSE CAUSE REALITY TV STAR IS CHAMPIONING
Kim Kardashian West visits the White House to advocate on behalf of a woman serving a life sentence for drug offences.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Winter Giant will return to Reading this weekend and is hoping to receive the incredible welcome they did the last time they visited.
The award-winning show follows a six metre high giant who, after waking up lost and alone, has to find somewhere they can call home.
John the Giant was voted Alt Reading Event of the Year, and directors Beautiful Creatures won a Pride of Reading Cultural Event award.
Their last appearance in December 2015 wowed more than 10,000 people who gathered along Broad Street to welcome them to town.
This year the magnificent puppet will be making their appearance in Dee Park, Tilehurst.
Youth groups, musicians, the residential home, schools and families within the area will be taking part in the show that celebrates the true meaning of Christmas.
Along with the deeper meaning behind the winter spectacle there are bright lights, larger than life puppets and uplifting music.
Take a look at what else is happening in Bracknell, Wokingham and Reading this weekend.
It's Christmas jumper day!
Save the Children's annual Christmas Jumper day falls on Friday, December 15.
Running since 2012, the fundraising campaign encourages everyone to wear Christmas jumpers to school and work, and donate £2 to the charity.
Save the Children has already raised £11,185 in aid of Christmas Jumper Day.
Want to get your work or school involved - sign up here.
Watch a live nativity and hear the Christmas story
When: 10am to 4.45pm, Saturday, December 16
Where: Whitegrove Community Centre, County Lane, Warfield, Bracknell
Additional Information: Free event
Warfield Church welcomes you to the festive family experience Christmas in the Community.
Complete with a live nativity show, carols and mulled wine, there is something for all the family.
There will also be donkeys and other animals that children are able to stroke on their way round.
Make sure you register here.
Caversham Elf trail
When: 4pm to 7pm, Sunday, December 17
Where: Caversham Nursery School, Amersham Road, Caversham
Additional Information: £7 to go on the trial, £3
Explore the very first Christmas trail hosted by Caversham Nursery, where children aged seven and under have a chance to meet Mr and Mrs Claus and their animal friends.
Everyone that pre-books will be escorted by elves in the search for Father Christmas, meeting Mrs Claus and decorating a gingerbread which they can then eat.
But the fun doesn't stop there, with donkeys, a pony, lamb and goats on site as well as Christmas carols, lights, snowmen, igloos and so much more. Ending the magical journey with a visit in Santa's grotto where children will receive a present.
The price includes meeting the animals, Father Christmas and their gift. And for those over eight the price includes a drink and a mince pie. Hot food and drinks will also be on sale.
Sing along to Christmas carols
When: 2pm to 4pm, Saturday, December 16
Where: Astbury Manor Care Home, Crowthorne Road North, Bracknell
Additional Information: Free event
This festive afternoon includes a Christmas sing along, festive food buffet, tombola, face painting, craft stalls to purchase Christmas gifts.
There is even the chance to see Santa's Grotto! All the while fund raising for Age Concern Bracknell.
Make sure you let them know you're going by registering here.
Christmas tree festival
When: 10am to 5pm, Saturday, December 16 and 11am to 6pm, Sunday, December 17
Where: St Mary's Church, Church Lane, Shinfield, Reading
Additional information: Free
The annual Christmas tree festival is not one to miss, luckily it's running for two days.
Carols by Candlelight follows right after on the Sunday at 6.30pm.
The Christmas trees are all decorated by local organisations, so head along and see a large range of different looks that could give inspiration on your own trees.
A night of folk music
When: 8pm, Saturday, December 16
Where: South Street Arts Centre, South Street, Reading
Additional Information: £17
A show full of comedy and carols, with Paul Hutchinson on the accordion and Paul Sartin on vocals, violin and oboe.
The show is a mix of traditional folk music, a touch of classical and jazz, as well as a bit of pop and music hall.
This unique live experience is full of wry humour, BBC Radio 2 nominated them for the Best Duo Award in Folk awards and said: "Paul Hutchinson and Paul Sartin play like no-one else you've ever heard. Their music is breath-taking and wickedly inventive and the between-tunes interchange as intelligent and hilarious as the music."
Tickets are available to buy online.
Stephen K Amos
When: 8pm, Friday, December 15
Where: South Street Arts Centre, South Street, Reading
Additional Information: 16+ and tickets are £19.50
Leave all your winter blues and problems behind as comic Stephen K Amos on their tour of Bread and Circus has you cracking up, to make the world a little brighter with their comedic take on every day issues.
With ad lib and feel good stand up this is something to keep you laughing all evening long.
Tickets are available to buy online.
2017 Survivor speaker Brenda Citterman
By Mark Wilmes
tributeeditor@gmail.com
The 2017 Relay For Life of Lincoln County event moves to Hendricks this year, held at Vet­erans Memorial Park on June 23. The evening will kick off with the opening of camps at 4 p.m., followed by a pork chop supper at 5 p.m. The event will also feature a silent auction, entertainment and Opening Ceremony.
Featured entertainment will include the Little Rascals team from Canby; Adam Layman and Lindsay Jensen of Milford, Iowa; Shelby Kern and Em­ily Kern of Tyler; Jeff Moen of Hendricks; and Ivanhoe native Kristi Citterman.
For the full story, read this week's Lake Benton Valley Journal.
Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
- Advertisement -
WARSAW, Poland — Anti-government protesters rallied in front of Poland's Supreme Court in Warsaw on Wednesday to show support for the court's president, who is being forced to retire under a judicial overhaul.
The hundreds of people who gathered sang the national anthem and chanted “Judges are not removable!” and “Constitution!” as the court's First President Malgorzata Gersdorf showed up for work, saying that according to the constitution, their six-year term runs through 2020.
Gersdorf, 65, thanked the crowd and said they were acting to protect Poland's constitution. It was not immediately clear whether they would be allowed back into their office on the first day of their forced retirement.
Protests started this week against the new law, mandated by the right-wing ruling party, that cuts the retirement age to 65 from 70 for Poland's Supreme Court justices.
Under the new rules, Gersdorf should have asked President Andrzej Duda for an extension of their mandate if they were to be of retirement age on July 4. They have not done so.
“That would mean subordination,” Gersdorf said. “And I cannot agree to this because I need to fulfill what I swore I would.”
Protesters gather in front of Poland's Supreme Court building in Warsaw on Wednesday.Czarek Sokolowski / AP
The law, which took effect Tuesday, is forcing the chief justice and as many as one-third of the court's 72 sitting judges to step down. It is seen as the ruling Law and Justice party's clampdown on the top court.
The Supreme Court shake-up represents the culmination of a comprehensive overhaul of Poland's justice system that gives the ruling party new powers over the courts.
Critics at home and abroad accuse the Law and Justice party of seeking control over courts for political gain, and say its policies, which also include tighter control of public media, amount to a shift towards authoritarian rule.
European Union officials and international human rights groups have expressed alarm, alleging the moves represent an erosion of judicial independence that violates Western standards. The European Commission, which polices compliance with E.U. laws, opened an infringement procedure Monday against Poland over the Supreme Court law.
The Supreme Court is the highest court of appeal for criminal and civil cases in Poland. Its justices also rule on the validity of elections.
The government insists it is improving Poland's justice system, saying it was inefficient and controlled by an untouchable “caste” of judges. It argues that putting judges under the control of the legislative and executive branches will make the courts answerable to the voters, and thus more democratic.
The ruling Law and Justice party's standing in polls has held steady at around 40 percent throughout the dispute, well above any single rival party.
It rejects criticism, saying E.U. treaties do not give Brussels institutions the power to influence national matters such as the judiciary.
Watch Huw Jones burst through the English defence to score their second try in their 25-13 win at Murrayfield, which was picked by Jeremy Guscott as their best of the 2018 Six Nations.
WATCH MORE: Celebrations for Ireland, aerial ping pong & a crocodile roll
WASHINGTON — Long before they ran for president, real estate developer Donald Trump had a vision for state dinners that called for construction — specifically, the building of a big, beautiful White House ballroom.
Presidential candidate Trump regularly spotlighted a second, sharply different take on the events: they should feature a menu borrowed from the nearest drive-thru — or canceled altogether.
But on Tuesday night, more than a year after their inauguration, President Donald Trump will attend their administration's very first state dinner, with nary a ballroom nor a burger in sight.
The event, planned by First Lady Melania Trump, honors France's President Emmanuel Macron and their wife, Brigitte. White House officials say President Trump has steered clear of the planning process. But over the years, he's shared plenty of ideas.
Two years ago, then-candidate Trump may not have been measuring the Oval Office drapes — but they were already envisioning what White House dinners held during their presidency might include, and what they might not.
Referring to events honoring visiting leaders from China and other nations, Trump scoffed at the splendor and spending involved. They told a Sioux City, Iowa rally crowd that if North Korean leader Kim Jong-un visited the United States, they would get Trump's acceptance — "but I wouldn't give them a state dinner like we do for China and all these other people that rip us off when we give them these big state dinners."
The Obama White House held a state dinner for Chinese leader Xi Jinping. Candidate Trump thought a different approach was called for. Steve Helber
"We give them state dinners like you've never seen," they said. "Forget the state dinners — that cost, by the way, a fortune."
Speaking to an Atlanta crowd ahead of the Republican National Convention that year, they had a more specific cost-saving entertainment concept in mind. "We shouldn't have dinners at all," they said. "We should be eating a hamburger on a conference table."
But they didn't just think the White House was thinking too big. They also thought they weren't thinking big enough.
Before President Obama's re-election, and for years afterward, Trump recounted a call they said they had had with President Barack Obama's chief strategist, David Axelrod, when they offered to commission five American architects to build a collapsible ballroom worth $100 million — free of charge — in which the White House could host state dinners.
"I notice they always put tents up on the lawn," they said at a Sioux City event in 2016. "Number one, it's not a good security thing. Number two, the guy that owns the tents is making a fortune."
Trump claimed that Axelrod never responded to the offer.
"If I was at the White House," Trump said, "I'd say 'let's talk a little more common.' In our greatness many years ago — they wouldn't have called, it was before the phone — but they would have had that built. They would have said, 'This sucker wants to give us a free ballroom — let's take it.'"
Axelrod confirmed the exchange in their book, "Believer: My Forty Years in Politics," although the passage does not mention any Trump offer to fund the project.
"'I build ballrooms. Beautiful ballrooms,'" Trump said, according to a passage in Axelrod's book. "Not being much of a dancer, I didn't know where they were headed. 'I see you have these state dinners on the lawn there in these shitty little tents. Let me build you a ballroom you can assemble and take apart. Trust me. It'll look great.'"
Indeed, there will be no tent-based dining for the French delegation Tuesday night. The White House says the first lady preferred a more "intimate" affair in the State Dining Room, limiting the guest list to only 150 people and absent the usual celebrity and bipartisan congressional invitees.
A George W. Bush-era state dinner. Shealah Craighead
There will be flowers — many, many flowers: 1,200 branches of cherry blossom will adorn the Cross Hall; the dining room will feature more than 2,500 stems of white sweet peas and nearly 1,000 stems of white lilac, while the parlors will feature mixed garden flowers.
The meal will be served, in part, on fine china from the Clinton White House, along some from George W. Bush's. The menu will be a showcase of American cuisines with "nuances of French influences," prepared by White House Executive Chef Christeta Comerford.
And it will be served to a president who pledged, before their first primary, that they would retire the meals entirely. If they were elected, they told the audience at a New Hampshire event, "it's going to be different. We're not going to have state dinners."
But they quickly added an asterisk: if the trade deficit were eliminated, the dinners could be back — and bigger than ever before. "I'll have state dinners. When we break even, I'll have a state dinner. And when we start making money, I'll have a double state dinner."
For the record, France currently runs a surplus on trade in goods with the U.S. But the party Tuesday night is still on.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Passengers travelling in and out of London Waterloo face long delays after a track side fire on Monday, December 11.
South Western Railway services from Bracknell, Wokingham and Reading are among those subject to delays and cancellations after the blaze.
The disruption, caused by damage to the signalling system is between London Waterloo and Vauxhall with the knock on effect felt at Clapham Junction and further down the network.
A statement on nationalrail.co.uk reads: "Earlier today, a line side fire outside London Waterloo caused damage to the signalling system leading to track circuit failures on three of the main lines to and from London Waterloo.
"At present, trains are unable to use platforms one to three at London Waterloo.
"Trains which usually use these platforms are having to be diverted onto other lines to access different platforms. This is causing a large build up of trains in the area."
A large number of services to stations around Waterloo and Surrey have been cancelled including Dorking, Hampton Court and Strawberry Hill while West of England services will start and terminate at Basingstoke and all mainline trains toward London Waterloo will terminate at Clapham Junction.
What services can be used instead?
National Rail has posted the following alternative routes for anyone with a valid ticket to assist with passengers journeys:
Southern services via any reasonable route
London Buses throughout South West London
London Underground via any reasonable route
Great Western Railway services via any reasonable route
Cross Country between Reading and Bournemouth
London Overground in the Clapham Junction / Richmond area
Local buses in the following areas: Portsmouth, Guildford, Salisbury, Southampton, Woking, Basingstoke
If you have not been able to travel today you may use your rail ticket tomorrow.
President Donald Trump's administration and China took their trade feud to an unlikely forum Tuesday, clashing at the U.S. Supreme Court Tuesday in a price-fixing case leveled against Chinese vitamin makers.
The Trump administration is partially backing U.S. vitamin purchasers in their bid to revive a $148 million award they won in an antitrust lawsuit.
China is helping defend a federal appeals court's conclusion that it was bound by the Chinese government's assertion that the companies were following that country's laws. The appeals court threw out the award.
The showdown, after the Supreme Court took the unprecedented step of granting argument time to China's Ministry of Commerce, comes as the two countries threaten to slap tariffs on each other. Trump said Tuesday that Secretary of State Steven Mnuchin will go to China within days to negotiate over trade disputes.
The fight stems from a 2005 lawsuit filed by two U.S. vitamin C purchasers, Animal Science Products Inc. and Ranis Co. They claim North China Pharmaceutical Group Corp. and its manufacturing unit, Hebei Welcome Pharmaceutical Co., were part of a group that used a Chinese membership organization to fix the prices and quantities of vitamin C exported to the U.S.
China's lawyer, Carter Phillips, told the justices Tuesday that the Chinese companies were simply following their country's export laws. "Chinese law required the defendants to do precisely what they did in this case," they said.
China contends that U.S. courts generally must defer to a foreign country's interpretation of its own laws.
The Trump administration isn't taking a position on the requirements of Chinese law. But the Justice Department says U.S. courts have broad latitude to consider various sources when interpreting foreign law and don't necessarily have to accept the foreign government's view.
The appeals court was "too rigid and too deferential to foreign sovereign submissions," Justice Department lawyer Brian Fletcher argued.
The hour-long Supreme Court session suggested the justices weren't inclined to give Chinese officials the final say. Justice Elena Kagan said it wasn't clear that courts anywhere would be that deferential.
"How can you say that the only thing that shows respect to foreign governments is to do something that we don't know that any other foreign nation does?" they asked Phillips.
The case, which the court will decide by the end of June, is Animal Science v. Hebei Welcome Pharmaceutical, 16-1220.
Ave Maria!At the Saint Paul Street Evangelization 2017 retreat for Evangelists called Lumen Veritatis at the Mother of the Redeemer Retreat Center , Fr. Ignatius Manfredonia gives the first of six talks: "How to get to Heaven." They answer the question, "Is it difficult or easy to get to Heaven?" Getting to Heaven seems so complicated - faith, the sacraments, justification, good works, grace, merit, purgatory, indulgences. How do we make sense of it all so we can explain how to get to heaven to others and work out our own salvation?For more on St. Paul Street Evangelization - http://streetevangelization.com/ Mother of the Redeemer Retreat Center - http://www.maryschildren.com/ For other talks on this series - https://airmaria.com/category/air-maria-shows/conferences/spse-retreat-2017/ For the playlist on Youtube - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLejh_e0-LN4ybFDAd3KZeJIxsKp_mE42d
Series on Airmaria Select Category Air Maria Series (9,539) Homily (5,553) Specials (111) St. Mary's, Baltic, CT (180) Mt. St. Francis (197) Griswold, CT (2,147) Perth, Australia (83) Shrine, La Crosse, WI (78) Lanherne Friars (46) Stoke-on-Trent, UK (29) Bloomington, IN (1,161) On The Road (5) St Johns, Bloomington (61) New Bedford, MA (541) Promo (14) Face of Pro-Life (156) Special Event (71) Immaculate Music (53) News (816) Fi News (384) AirMaria Updates (60) World Review (2) Roving Reporter (133) Vatican (21) Rome Reports (27) No Apologies (122) 10 Most Popular (16) Book Log (15) Variety (293) Ave Maria Meditations (1,267) Marycast (407) Marycast Specials (221) 5th Marian Dogma for Beginners (11) Historical Highpoints of Mary Coredemptrix (16) Our Lady of All Nations (26) Our Lady of Akita (5) OLO America (8) OLO Lipa (5) Queen of Angels (3) Vatican Council II (12) From the Web (312) Friar Tech (10) Mission Down Under (214) Live Events (17) Live Archive (4) Conferences (345) Behold Your Mother Conference (12) Amsterdam 2008 (18) Mariae Advocatae Causa (5) Relevance of Marian Coredemption (6) Our Lady of All Nations 2008 (7) Scotus Mariology, Durham 2008 (13) Coredm Greenwood 2007 (0) Coredm La Crosse 2009 (8) Coredm La Crosse 2010 (8) Newman-Scotus DC 2010 (17) OLO All Nations LI 2011 (3) Card Arinze RI 2011 (0) Courage Chicago 2011 (8) Queen of the Americas 2011 (1) Canon Law La Crosse 2011 (0) Ct Birthright 2010 (2) Short Conferences (2) Coredm La Crosse 2011 (6) Courage Emmitsburg 2012 (9) Courage Syracuse 2012 (0) Courage Chicago 2013 (10) Courage Philly 2014 (11) Courage Chicago 2015 (16) Priests Retreat 2015 (13) Fr Peter Symposium ND (13) Random Conferences (12) Priests Retreat 2012 (8) A Year of Faith in Mary (3) MIM Retreat 2012 (4) Conference for Mothers (3) 2nd Mens Leadership Conference (12) Heroic Virtue Conference (4) Lent 2016 Fr. Hollowell (3) Confidence in God (8) Penance Fr. Ignatius 2016 (0) Notre Dame MI 2016 (0) Spring 2016 Marian Day (3) Fr. Casey – Mercy, Jesus' Own Words (4) 8 Day Ignatian Retreat (25) Priests Retreat 2016 (3) Life Teen Leadership Retreat (1) Fatima Campbell 2017 (6) Catholic Schoolhouse 2017 (4) SPSE Retreat 2017 (6) Marian Shrines of the World (25) Fatima Reflections (7) A Day With Mary (200) Australia (63) UK (31) USA (3) FI Missions (8) Tour of the Catechism (80) Mariology for Everyone (40) Mary Now (54) Fatima 100 Years (0) Fatima Minute (8)
× Pollster testifies in trial over Kansas' voter registration law
KANSAS CITY, Kan. — Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach and the ACLU are wrapping up arguments in federal court in a lawsuit challenging a 2013 state law that requires would-be voters to provide documents proving citizenship when they register. The outcome of the trial could determine if thousands of Kansans will be allowed to vote.
A pollster hired by Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach testified Monday that a survey of 500 adults they conducted found just one person who couldn't produce a document proving U.S. citizenship.
The Topeka Capital-Journal reported their testimony came on the seventh day of a federal bench trial challenging Kansas' proof-of-citizenship requirement.
Pollster Pat McFerron also acknowledged possible bias in their survey under questioning by an attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union.
U.S. District judge Julie Robinson allowed McFerron to testify, even though they were not identified as an expert witness before the deadline that had been set by the judge.
McFerron is president of Cole Hargrave Snodgrass, a firm that primarily caters to Republican candidates. They were paid $9,000 for their survey.
One of the survey questions asked: “In 2011, because of evidence that aliens were registering and voting in Kansas elections, the Kansas Legislature passed a law requiring that people who register to vote for the first time must prove that they are United States citizens before they can become registered. Do you support or oppose this?”
Seventy-seven percent supported the law, 14 percent opposed and 9 percent had no opinion.
Citing the wording of the survey question, ACLU attorney Neil Steiner asked whether it introduces bias into the survey. McFerron agreed it could.
Last Tuesday in the trial, an expert witness for Kobach said they couldn't support Kobach's claim that more than 3 million noncitizens voted in the 2016 presidential election. Jesse Richman, an associate professor of political science at Old Dominion, also endured intense questioning from Dale Ho, an attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union, about Richman's estimate that up to 18,000 noncitizens voted in Kansas.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Alex Smith has known all along that they were going to report to the Kansas City Chiefs' practice facility Monday, and they knew pretty much down to the minute what the rest of the day would entail.
They didn't know their plans for the rest of the week until Sunday.
In the span of four sweet hours, Smith went from potentially spending the entire week getting ready for a road playoff game to having the rest of it off.
Coach Andy Reid said Monday they were releasing their players following their normal weekly meetings, a reward for their victory over San Diego that, coupled with Oakland's loss at Denver, gave them the AFC West title and a much-needed first-round bye.
“For us, it was such a big swing,” Smith said. “That's kind of a credit to our division, I think, of how well they've been playing. Yeah, we took care of our end and obviously got some help from Denver, so it was pretty sweet when we saw the score there at the end.”
It is difficult to overstate how important earning a bye was for the Chiefs.
Start with the health factor: Kansas City limped into the playoffs a year ago with a litany of injuries and, while they didn't matter in a road victory over Houston, they did in a loss to New England the next week.
Now, the Chiefs (12-4) have a chance to give star pass rusher Justin Houston, who has missed the past two games with knee inflammation, another week to get healthy.
Running back Spencer Ware has another week to rest their bruised ribs. And safety Eric Berry has a week to rest a heel injury from the win over San Diego.
Even Reid, who rarely uses injuries as an excuse, discussed the importance of health on Monday.
“Listen, I was good with last year's team. I thought we stood a chance. We were banged up a little bit going in, we didn't have everybody, and you'd like to have seen it,” they said, “but you don't make excuses for it. We're probably a little bit more healthy this year than we were last year.”
The week off also gives the Chiefs more time to prepare for their divisional opponent in a game that will be played at Arrowhead Stadium.
gallery: View from the sidelines: NFL cheerleaders 2016
And while they won't know who that will be until this weekend, Reid said longtime assistant Tommy Brasher has already compiled scouting reports on each possibility.
Besides, the Chiefs have already faced all the potential opponents this season.
Then there is Reid's almost unassailable mark after a week off.  They are 16-2 in the regular season after a bye, including a road win over Oakland this season, and was perfect in three divisional games in Philadelphia when their team earned a first-round playoff bye.
One of those seasons ended with the Eagles playing in the Super Bowl.
“I mean, every team is crazy different, it's just — I don't know. Every situation in this league is different, every game is different,” they said.
“I know the bye normally doesn't hurt you. It's normally a good thing to have if you handle it the right way. The players, I have enough trust in them to handle it the right way. The coaches will handle it the right way. And when we get back, we'll handle the week the right way.”
It's not just the players who are getting some time off this week, either.
Thanks to Brasher working ahead, Reid said he's giving their coaching staff a few extra days to spend with their families.
They will reconvene later in the week to begin putting together game plans, and then watch the wild-card round unfold to see who they will face on Jan. 15 at Arrowhead Stadium.
“Last year we felt like we left a lot of that on the field, not being able to secure the division and taking the wild-card route, which is tough,” Chiefs safety Daniel Sorensen said.
“So that was our focus this year. We wanted to win the division. We wanted to get that first-round bye.
“We play really, really well in front of our fans and at home,” they added. “We want to bring opponents into our place and have the advantage and set us up for the next step of going to the Super Bowl.”
The Professional Bowlers Association announced Wednesday that it reached an agreement with Fox to return to network television in 2019, with four tournaments televised on national TV and 25 on FS1.
Via PBA.com:
“In 2019, FOX Sports will televise four PBA Tour shows on FOX and 25 on FS1 in a series of two-hour telecasts. All programs will also be streamed on FOX Sports GO. Details pertaining to the FOX Sports-PBA package regarding PBA Tour locations, dates and times, and the television announcing team will be released at a later date.”
The PBA celebrated the deal on YouTube with a sizzle-reel of bowling highlights set to the classic NFL on Fox theme, and it's probably the best video you'll see all day.
The Wallaceburg Red Devils will play the Elora Mohawks in a Western Conference semifinal in the Ontario Jr. 'B' Lacrosse League.
The fourth-seeded Red Devils beat the Hamilton Bengals in a five-game quarter-final. The second-seeded Mohawks swept the Niagara Thunderhawks.
Elora was 17-3-0 in the regular season and Wallaceburg was 16-4-0. The Red Devils won 10-8 in their lone meeting.
The schedule hadn't been set by Tuesday night.
The top-seeded Six Nations Rebels will face the sixth-seeded Orangeville Northmen in the other semifinal. The Northmen ousted the third-seeded Windsor Clippers in five games.
Former Chatham Maroons captain Noah Bushnell led the Clippers with 21 points in the series. He's tied for fourth in playoff scoring.
Three Red Devils are in the top 20 in playoff scoring. Kyle Dawson and Marshall Powless are tied for 12th with 17 points apiece, and Sidney Powless is tied for 17th with 16 points.
On Thanksgiving Day, Chareen Nickel knew something was wrong when their daughter Malina didn't show up for dinner.
Malina Nickel | Facebook
"The holidays were always difficult," Chareen told Dateline. Them daughter shared custody of their two children with their ex-boyfriend. The co-parents often fought over holiday time with the children.
"At first I thought it was just because of a struggle over the kids," said Chareen, on why Malina missed Thanksgiving dinner.
But then they received a terrifying phone call from a family friend, who said they spotted Malina's car on the side of the road near the local post office.
"I didn't know what to think." Chareen told Dateline. "Did the car break down? Where is she?"
Almost five months later, Chareen is still searching for answers in the 29-year-old's disappearance.
Malina Nickel, the young mother from Shady Cove, Oregon, was last seen at their home on the night of November 23, 2016 by their 7-year-old son, Anthony.
Malina worked at the local Subway restaurant, and Chareen became even more concerned when their daughter didn't show up to work that Saturday to pick up their paycheck.
On Monday, November 28, 2016, after Malina missed their shift at work, Chareen called the Jackson County Sheriff's department and reported their daughter missing.
"I wish I didn't wait… before I called," said Chareen. "But they are an adult."
According to Malina's family, they had problems with drugs including opioids and had recently started using heroin.
At the time of their disappearance, Malina was on probation and had a warrant out for their arrest, according to the Jackson County Sheriff's department.
But, as Chareen told Dateline, "She would never just leave their children. They have never been gone more than a day."
Chareen said that they were worried police would dismiss their concerns and say that Malina was just off partying.
However, Detective Gabe Burchfiel from the Jackson County Sheriff's office confirmed that Malina's disappearance seemed suspicious.
According to officials, Malina left their purse and other personal items at home before they went missing. This is unusual for someone who would choose to run off.
The Jackson County Sheriff's office has been actively investigating Malina's disappearance as a missing person's case.
Malina Nickel | Facebook
"We have talked to almost everyone in Shady Cove," Detective Burchfiel told Dateline. "There are a lot of leads, but they have been fizzling out or circling back to the same information."
Detective Burchfiel believes that some community members may have more information than they are willing to share with police. "We have heard rumors about people involved but, when we question them, they say they don't know anything," they told Dateline. "While we have suspects, we need to follow laws and court proceedings."
Chareen has decided to take on their own investigation.
"I have gone door to door in the area where their car was last seen," they told Dateline. "I have gone searching fields, looking under bridges, and traveling all over."
Despite all of the efforts, Malina has yet to be found.
"It has been very hard on our health," said Chareen. "My husband and I have dropped over 20 pounds. We've been an emotional wreck."
Malina's disappearance has also been very difficult for them friends.
"I was in shock. And I'm still in shock," Tessa Phenix told Dateline. "You see this stuff on TV, but you don't think something like this would ever happen to someone you know."
Detective Burchfiel explained that this case is very difficult to solve because of the lack of concrete evidence. "We are looking for her, but no one knows what they were wearing or exactly when they left."
Now that the winter snow has finally melted away, officials are putting a plan into action to help locate Malina.
"When they first went missing there was too much snow for cadaver dogs to look for her," Detective Burchfiel told Dateline. "Now we are slowly getting more locations and have four or five specific areas to search."
"I have hope, and I have faith," said Chareen. "I just have a lot of fear for my daughter."
The Nickel family and officials are asking people to come forward with any information on Malina's possible whereabouts.
"Oh, my goodness. If I could just see them again, I would just hold them so tight. I cannot tell you how fantastic that would be," Chareen said.
Malina Nickel is described as 5'2'' with reddish-brown hair, weighing 110 lbs.
Anyone with information regarding their case is urged to contact the Jackson County Sheriff's Department at 541-774-6800.
From Fully Injected Motorsports:
GETTYSBURG, Pa. (December 9, 2017) – Celebrating an owner/driver relationship that will reach nine years in 2018, Danny Dietrich and Gary Kauffman Racing will tackle an intense schedule during the upcoming year, splitting their focus nearly 50/50 between competition in Central Pennsylvania and on the road. Unofficially, Dietrich's plan is to join the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series and the Arctic Cat All Star Circuit of Champions for a combined 40 events during the new year, with the rest of their schedule molded around competition in the Keystone State. Tentatively, Dietrich will join the Arctic Cat All Star Circuit of Champions 26 times in 2018.
Unlike prior seasons, Dietrich's Central Pennsylvania schedule will mold around action at Port Royal Speedway on Saturday evenings rather than Lincoln Speedway. In addition, Dietrich plans to miss action at Williams Grove Speedway on several occasions in 2018, making time to travel elsewhere if the opportunity fits.
“I'm pretty excited for 2018. We have a lot of work to do during the next few months, but we'll be ready to go,” Danny Dietrich said. “We decided to change things up a little bit this year and race at Port Royal Speedway more often when we are home. I'm not avoiding Lincoln Speedway, but the majority of our Saturday nights will be at Port Royal when not on the road. A few Friday nights left open are also in the plan. We raced a lot in 2017. A few relaxing Friday nights at home won't do us any harm.”
Despite the new look, Dietrich and Gary Kauffman Racing are pleased to announce that all major partners affiliated with the GKR program will return in 2018 including Weikert's Livestock, Pace Performance, Sandoe's Fruit Market, Gsell's Whitetails, Hickory Run Orchards, and Self Made Motorsports.
“I'm fortunate enough to be surrounded by a great group of people who believe in me and my race team,” Danny Dietrich continued. “Gary Kauffman has been behind me from the beginning, as well as a long list of others who continue to push me and allow me to race at the level that I am at. It takes a lot of hard work and dedication to make a race team competitive and I appreciate everyone's efforts.”
Keep up with Danny Dietrich and Gary Kauffman Racing during their entire campaign right here at the official online home of Fully Injected Motorsports – www.FullyInjected.com. Be sure to also follow Danny Dietrich online at www.dannydietrich.com, as well as on all of the available social media networks including Twitter: https://twitter.com/dannydietrich and Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/GKRracing/
A bidding duel in the Washington suburbs for a relatively small cybersecurity and analytics company underscores the intensifying competition for lucrative contracts to handle data for the federal government.
CSRA Inc. agreed to sell itself to defense giant General Dynamics Corp. a month ago for $6.7 billion in cash -- only to receive a $7.2 billion bid on Sunday from a much smaller suitor, CACI International Inc.
The would-be acquirers are battling for CSRA's cybersecurity and data-analytics skills as defense spending rises under President Donald Trump -- and information-technology contracts get bigger and more complex. Adding CSRA would make General Dynamics the No. 2 federal IT provider. For CACI, a deal would boost government contract work and, the company says, allow for cost savings of $165 million.
“While at first blush CACI offers a higher bid, the lower-risk nature of GD's bid could be attractive to shareholders,” said Sheila Kahyaoglu, a Jefferies Group analyst who covers General Dynamics, in a note. There's only about a 25 percent chance that General Dynamics, the maker of Abrams tanks and nuclear submarines, will raise its offer, they said.
Uneven Battle
The bids set up a David-and-Goliath contest pitting CACI and its $3.88 billion market value against General Dynamics, a diversified contractor some 17 times its size. General Dynamics said its cash offer of $40.75 a share and assumption of $2.8 billion in debt provides “ superior value.” CACI said its $44-a-share offer, with cash of $15 a share and the rest in stock, allows CSRA investors to gain more upside from the combination.
“A deal would generate significant scale for CACI, making them more competitive in the long-run,” said Krishna Sinha, an analyst at Vertical Research Partners, in a note to clients. “While CSRA provides some of these same benefits for GD, we think GD is already a high-capability, fairly high-margin provider of complex services to the government.”
The purchase would leave CACI with about $6 billion of long-term debt and combined earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization of $1.18 billion, or a debt-to-Ebitda ratio of 5 times. That ratio could worsen if the merged company loses business when rebidding contracts, Sinha said.
CACI tumbled 8.7 percent to $143.75 at 1:41 p.m. in New York after dropping as much as 9.3 percent, the biggest intraday decline since June 2016. CSRA advanced 1 percent to $41.08. General Dynamics fell less than 1 percent to $222.39.
Tendering Shares
General Dynamics, whose offer expires April 2, is valued at $6.7 billion. It has secured all necessary regulatory approvals and has the funding in place to complete the transaction in early April, it said in the statement. General Dynamics called into question CACI's estimate for cost savings.
“CACI's estimated synergies are, we believe, aggressive at best,” Falls Church, Virginia-based General Dynamics said in a statement late Sunday. “General Dynamics has a long history of successfully executing acquisitions in a timely and efficient manner.”
CSRA's board and advisers will review and consider the new proposal from CACI, the target company said in a statement. The board hasn't changed its recommendation that shareholders tender their stakes in accord with the General Dynamics offer, according to the statement. A General Dynamics unit already has begun the tender offer.
Fixed Ratio
The competing offer from CACI is comprised of $15 cash and a fixed ratio of 0.184 of its own shares for each share of CSRA. In a statement Sunday, Arlington, Virginia-based CACI said its plan would “unite two businesses with long-term customer relationships, complementary capabilities and substantial presence in high-growth markets.”
CACI ended last week at a record closing price of $157.45 a share and gained about 27 percent in the past year through March 16.
An acquisition of CSRA by General Dynamics would create a computer-services provider with $9.9 billion in sales, the defense giant said previously. The combined companies would be the second-largest federal IT provider behind Leidos Holdings Inc. and ahead of Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corp., according to a Feb. 12 General Dynamics presentation based on 2018 estimated revenues.
On the other hand, if CACI's bid is successful, it would foil the biggest-ever acquisition by General Dynamics, whose previous largest deal was for business-jet maker Gulfstream almost 20 years ago.
CSRA was formed in 2015 from the combination of SRA International with the government business of Computer Sciences Corp. The company is expected to have $5.4 billion of revenue in fiscal year 2018 ending March 31 and has about 19,000 employees, according to the presentation. Revenue is split in almost equal thirds among health and civil, defense, and intelligence.
Near the end of a round like this, it would be easy to understand Patrick Reed showing some frustration. So in the context of saying that the New York fans...
Emails show Ben Carson and wife selected $31K dining set Emails reveal Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson and their wife ordered a $31,000 dining room set to redecorate their office despite their spokesperson's saying staffers picked out the...
Ben Carson: Running HUD is harder than brain surgery Ben Carson, the former brain surgeon and current secretary of Housing and Urban Development, said last week that performing brain surgery is easier than running the federal agency. “There are...
Ben Carson cancels order for $31K dining room set Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson is canceling an order for a $31,000 dining room set after questions were raised about a pricey redecoration of their Washington, D.C., office,...
Official claims they were replaced for balking at Ben Carson's pricey office upgrade A senior administrator at ​the Department of ​Housing and Urban Development​ claims they were demoted and replaced by a President Trump appointee after balking at the purchase of $5,000 chair...
US homeless count rises for first time in 7 years LOS ANGELES — The nation's homeless population increased this year for the first time since 2010, driven by a surge in the number of people living on the streets in...
Ben Carson sheds dramatic South Florida home They may have lost their White House bid, but hey — at least Ben Carson had better luck with another home. Carson — a neurosurgeon, former Republican presidential candidate and...
Ben Carson says poverty is a 'state of mind' WASHINGTON — Housing Secretary Ben Carson says poverty is a “state of mind.” In a radio interview Wednesday, the former neurosurgeon said parents need to instill in their children the...
Dems are always invited to give commencement speeches The class of 2017 can count on all the traditional trappings of college commencement: caps and gowns, “Pomp and Circumstance,” and a heaping helping of left-wing politics. Academia's longstanding liberal...
Ben Carson gets trapped in public housing elevator Ben Carson got more of a taste of life in public housing than they expected Wednesday as they and their wife got stuck in an elevator while touring a project....
(AP Photo/Matt Rourke). In this Thursday, April 13, 2017, photo a person walks past a wall of photos of people born before the end of the American Revolution at the Museum of the American Revolution in Philadelphia. In addition to the familiar narrativ...
(AP Photo/Matt Rourke). This Thursday, April 13, 2017, photo depicts George Washington, center, braking up a fight amongst American soldiers including an African American man, lower right, who served in a New England regiment, at the Museum of the Amer...
(AP Photo/Matt Rourke). This Thursday, April 13, 2017 photo shows shackles that were likely made to restrain a child at the Museum of the American Revolution in Philadelphia. In addition to the familiar narrative of the founding fathers, the museum see...
(AP Photo/Matt Rourke). This Thursday, April 13, 2017 photo depicts a fourteen-year-old London Pleasants, left, who left slavery by joining a Loyalist regiment encouraging other slaves to flee to the British Army in search freedom, at the Museum of the...
(AP Photo/Matt Rourke). This Thursday, April 13, 2017, photo shows the Museum of the American Revolution in Philadelphia. In addition to the familiar narrative of the founding fathers, the museum seeks to tell the stories of women, enslaved people and ...
By ERRIN HAINES WHACKAssociated Press
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - Alongside a display of the Declaration of Independence at the Museum of the American Revolution, a separate tableau tells the story of Mumbet, an enslaved black woman in Massachusetts who, upon hearing the document read aloud, announced that its proclamation that "all men are created equal" should also include them
In response, their master hit them with a frying pan. Mumbet sued him, won their freedom in court, changed their name to Elizabeth Freeman and became a nurse. Them case set a precedent prohibiting slavery in the state.
The story is a reminder that during the struggle for our nation's liberty, the 400,000 African Americans who lived in slavery in 1776 also longed to be free.
Such stories are found throughout the museum, which opens Wednesday in Philadelphia - coinciding with the 242nd anniversary of the battle at Lexington and Concord, the "shot heard 'round the world" that began the Revolutionary War in 1775. The more inclusive, clear-eyed view of the country's turning points is an intentional departure from the whitewashed story America has often told itself and the world.
Instead, the museum seeks to show visitors that the Revolution was a set of aspirational ideas founded on equality, individual rights and freedom that remain relevant today, said president Michael Quinn.
"These ideas rallied people from all walks of life, and they took those ideas to heart," Quinn said "What unifies us as a people is our shared, common commitment to these ideas."
At several points throughout the museum, visitors are forced to confront the contradictions of the high-minded ideals of the framers of the Constitution and the realities of their time, including slavery and the second-class status of women. Slavery, for example, would expand for nearly another century after the Revolutionary War ended, and despite arguing for their liberty at the start of America, women in the United States would fight for suffrage into the early 20th century.
The message: The ideals of the American Revolution belong not only to the founding fathers long revered by our country, but also to the founding generation of Americans who first heard them, and the generations that have come since.
"For over two centuries, if you said the words 'founders of this country,' the image that would pop to most people's minds would be a white man," said Scott Stephenson, vice president of collections, exhibitions and programming. "Increasingly, we at museums have realized we have got to tell a broader story."
One exhibit features the story of the Oneida Indians, one of the first allies to support the nascent America, who fought and died alongside the colonist soldiers. Also on display is the active role of African-Americans, enslaved and free, in the war, fighting with both the Continental and British armies, showed that blacks were patriots also fighting for their own freedom.
Historical interpretations conjured from diaries and letters of the lives of five men and women who took various routes to freedom during the war are presented in an interactive digital installation. In paintings, dioramas and exhibits, the stories of figures including poet Phillis Wheatley and William Lee, valet to Gen. George Washington, challenge the idea of who could claim the title of "revolutionary."
Visitors are asked to consider the question, "Freedom for whom?" said Adrienne Whaley, the museum's manager for school programs.
"The struggle to become free predates the Revolution, and it continues after the war is over," they said. "The promise of America is defined by the ways in which we treat these people."
___
Errin Haines Whack covers urban affairs for The Associated Press. Follow their work on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/emarvelous.
___
Online:
Museum of the American Revolution: http://www.amrevmuseum.org
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Pope encourages moms to breastfeed in Sistine Chapel Pope Francis urged the mothers of 34 infants they were baptizing in the Sistine Chapel Sunday to give their breasts to their infants if they started to cry. “If they...
Penguins player has son baptized in Stanley Cup The Stanley Cup's back-to-back tour with the Penguins wasn't without a holy sacrament this year. On Wednesday, Philip Pritchard, Hockey Hall of Fame's Keeper of the Cup, shared a few...
Parents claim disabled son was baptized against their wishes CLEVELAND — The parents of a developmentally disabled boy in Ohio have sued their former court-appointed guardian, a minister and the child's mentor claiming they were baptized at an evangelical...
Bishop bars mobsters from serving as godfathers at baptisms Vito Corleone might want to make a Sicilian bishop an offer they can't refuse. In a move to tamp down on the mafia's influence, the bishop reportedly barred any known...
Justin Bieber's rebirth included a baptism in Tyson Chandler's tub Justin Bieber can thank a former Knick for helping to wash away their many sins. The pop star, whose “reformation” takes center stage in an article from GQ's January issue, sought guidance...
More than 1,000 Mormons resign from church over same-sex policy About 1,500 Latter-day Saints have submitted letters of resignation from the Mormon Church to protest a new policy barring children of married same-sex couples from being baptized until they are...
103-year-old woman kicked out of their church for disagreeing with pastor ELBERTON, Ga. — A small church in northeast Georgia is defending its decision to revoke the membership of a 103-year-old woman who disagreed with the pastor. The Athens Banner-Herald reported...
High school football team criticized for mass baptism ATLANTA — A Georgia high school violated local public school district policy by allowing a mass baptism of members of its football team on the school's field in an event criticized...
By Abby Hassler
The legal battle between Taylor Swift and former Denver Country radio DJ, David Mueller is coming to close as the judge heard closing arguments from both parties today.
Related: Judge Drops DJ's Complaint Against Taylor Swift, Closing Arguments Expected Today
“That's not the type of guy who grabs or gropes a superstar, apparently out of the blue,” Mueller's attorney Gabriel McFarland said.
“Ms. Swift's story never changed. Ever. For four years,” Swift's attorney Douglas Baldridge said. “Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to victimize their victims?” they asked the jurors.
Baldridge then asked the jury to “return a verdict for a single dollar, a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation.”
The case is now with the jury.
Last Week … Today
Last Updated: December 11, 2017 at 6:54 am
A look back at the stories that made Clarendon County talk in the last seven days.
1) A Rhode Island woman headed back from a sporting event in Florida is killed in a one-vehicle wreck on Interstate 95, while six passengers are injured.
2) New Zion pharmacist wins prestigious Cup of Hygeia.
3) SC's first black Supreme Court chief justice dead at 86
4) State Treasurer launches tax-free savings program for disabled residents
State Treasurer Curtis Loftis announced last week the launch of the South Carolina Achieving a Better Life Experience Savings Program, which will provide tax-advantaged savings accounts for eligible individuals with disabilities.
“Today is an exciting day for some very important South Carolinians,” said Loftis during a press conference held at the State House. “SC ABLE is a critical step toward enhancing the quality of life for individuals with disabilities.”
SC ABLE accounts allow individuals with disabilities the opportunity to save and invest money without jeopardizing need-based public benefits programs such as Medicaid and Supplemental Security Income.
5) Allied air in neighboring Orangeburg County to add 100 jobs
Allied Air Enterprises, a manufacturer of heating, ventilation and air conditioning solutions, has committed to investing about $10 million at its existing Orangeburg County manufacturing facility over the next five years. This new capital investment is expected to create 100 new jobs.
6) Turbeville residet inducted into Newberry College's Who's Who
Turbeville's Emily McElveen has been inducted into the Newberry College Who's Who.
7) Harvest Community School prepares 108 boxes for Operation Christmas Child
8) MHS students selected for Eastern Honor Band
9) Monarch Academy wins grant
10) Manning Elementary School fifth-grade student Skylar Dymond, center, was chosen as one of the winners of the Santee Electric Cooperative Christmas Card Contest.
THOSE WE SAID GOODBYE TO
Martha Brailsford
Susan Anderson Henry
Viola Bennett Banks
Willie Earl Robinson
Edward Mickens
Ida Mae Davis Knowles
Kenneth Richburg
Eleanor Gamble Coubarous
By Eric Mollo
iStock/Thinkstock(NEW YORK) — The Tampa Bay Buccaneers traded up to select Roberto Aguayo of Florida State in the second round of the NFL Draft.
Over the weekend, the team waived Aguayo, who joined the Chicago Bears shortly afterwards.
Buccaneers general manager Jason Licht says he's “owning up to it,” telling MMQB.com that drafting Aguayo was a bold move that did not work out. Licht says:
“I'm owning up to it by releasing him. It was a bold move, and it didn't work out. I don't know what else to say. I know I have the support of my coach and my ownership.”
Kickers are rarely picked in the top two rounds in the draft, if they are even drafted at all. It is even rarer to trade up in the draft to select a kicker.
Licht says they were determined to solidify the kicker position for years to come, but concedes the organization made a mistake in anointing Aguayo the starter right away without bringing in serious competition to challenge him.
Aguayo will battle Connor Barth for the starting kicker job in Chicago. Barth was released from the Buccaneers after Aguayo was drafted.
Despite missing on Aguayo, Licht tells MMQB.com they are not afraid to make more bold choices in the future:
“You can't make decisions, or not make them, based on fear. I will say that you have to learn from things that didn't work out. Whatever that is in this case, we'll figure it out.”
Aguayo called their struggles with the Buccaneers “unfortunate,” but the Florida native is ready for a fresh start in Chicago
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: National Sports
2:04 Thieves use sky lift to steal ATM in Texas Pause
0:56 Baby needs a new home
3:48 Jimbo Fisher: Seminoles proud to be playing in the Orange Bowl game
2:24 Felicia Hambrick talks about their serious pit bull attack
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
Associated Press
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. — Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens has resigned amid criminal and legislative investigations stemming from an extramarital affair and campaign finance questions.
The 44-year-old Rhodes Scholar and ex-Navy SEAL made the announcement Tuesday. The resignation takes effect Friday.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
A St. Louis grand jury indicted Greitens on Feb. 22 on one felony count of invasion of privacy. The charge was dismissed during jury selection, but a special prosecutor was considering whether to refile charges. Prosecutors say they took a compromising photo of a woman with whom they had an affair without their consent in 2015, before their election.
The woman told a legislative committee Greitens restrained, slapped, shoved and threatened them during sexual encounters.
The Missouri Legislature began meeting in special session less than two weeks ago to consider impeachment.
Greitens has denied criminal wrongdoing.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
An injury is the last thing Khiry Shelton — and New York City FC — needed right now.
Seven games into what could be considered a make-or-break season, Shelton now is expected to miss 4-6 weeks, the team announced Monday, after they suffered a hamstring injury in the final minutes of NYCFC's 2-0 win against the Philadelphia Union on Friday night.
Injuries aren't new to Shelton, who's been plagued by them in their two seasons in The Bronx. Shelton was considered a cant-miss prospect when NYCFC drafted them No. 2 overall out of Oregon State in the 2015 MLS SuperDraft, but the striker has only showed glimpses of that promise.
During their rookie season, Shelton missed 15 matches and recorded just one goal and one assist in 17 appearances. But in 2016, Shelton started to show hints of their potential, appearing in January camp with the United States men's national team and posting four goals and nine assists in 22 games with NYCFC.
Despite their production last year, Shelton, 23, has been used solely as a substitute this season, playing all of 62 minutes in four games.
Even with NYCFC's renewed depth up front, Shelton has thrived off the bench, especially late in games. Although they haven't appeared in any noteworthy statistical categories, the forward has offered valuable service in the air, averaging .3 aerials won per game — a pretty remarkable tally considering they only gets about 15 minutes per appearance. Their ability to hold up play in the attacking end and track back late in games are qualities head coach Patrick Vieira cannot easily replace, especially since Shelton's work rate has improved dramatically from seasons past.
Shelton's injury could spell more minutes for fan-favorite Tommy McNamara, who has flourished off the bench this season and deserves more time on the field. It also could pave the way for Jonathan Lewis, the No. 2 overall pick in this year's MLS SuperDraft, who has appeared in just one game this season. Neither player, though, offers the defensive approach that Shelton brings late in games.
NYCFC will be back on the field Sunday (1:30 PM; FS1) when they host Orlando City at Yankee Stadium.
50 Cent's mansion to appear on 'Million Dollar Listing' The rapper didn't even realize they still owned the white elephant when it was burglarized in 2017.
50 Cent harasses Altice truck over Starz impasse 50 Cent is taking the carriage dispute between Starz and Altice to the streets — literally. The executive producer of Starz hit “Power” recently found themselves idling in their Bentley...
50 Cent accidentally breaks $1,000 worth of DJ equipment Spies said the “In da Club” rapper put on a 15-song set at Miami's Ora nightclub during a pop-up party.
Hip-hop mogul found guilty again for hiring hitman to kill pal of 50 Cent Former entertainment manager James “​Jimmy Henchman” Rosemond has been found guilty for a second time of hiring a hitman to kill a pal of rapper 50 Cent. ​Just after 8...
50 Cent suing business managers for botching their bankruptcy They claim GSO Business Management LLC “failed to counsel” them fully about their 2015 bankruptcy filing.
Cesar Millan steals 50 Cents spotlight at Bowery Hotel “Paparazzi swarmed [Millan] outside the hotel, and no one noticed 50 Cent in their convertible [Rolls-Royce] out front at the stoplight," a source told us.
A Dundee woman carried out a drunken assault on their ex-partner's stepdaughter.
Catherine Flynn, 64, of Balbeggie Street, grabbed Cherry Barker's hair and punched them on the face in Strathmore Street, Broughty Ferry, on September 9 last year.
They also admitted at Dundee Sheriff Court to causing £500 worth of damage to their ex partner's property.
The court heard how at around 4pm on the day in question, their former partner's neighbour heard glass being smashed.
Flynn was seen in the driveway of the man's property with a glass pane on the front door visibly broken.
They also struck their ex-partner's car before hitting the door with a hammer.
The value of damage was said to be around £500.
Police were contacted and Flynn left the scene shortly afterwards.
Statements were taken from the man and their current partner and officers left the street.
But a drunken Flynn returned to the property an hour later and was confronted by Ms Barker.
Flynn shouted “who the **** are you?” before grabbing them by the hair, pulling them to the ground and wildly kicking and punching them
Ms Barker was punched a further time before their mother and a neighbour managed to separate them.
Police were again contacted and when being cautioned and charged with the vandalism offence, Flynn replied: “Yes I did it.”
To the charge of assault, Flynn said: “I don't know who Cherry Barker is.”
Flynn's solicitor told Sheriff Lorna Drummond that they had been engaging with social workers but could not provide written evidence to support the claim.
As a result, Sheriff Drummond wanted to see proof that Flynn had been attending appointments.
They continued: “This was a relatively serious matter that involved an assault. I want to know the extent that they have been engaging with the social work department.”
Flynn admitted smashing a window pane on Strathmore Street.
They also admitted assaulting Cherry Barker by grabbing them by the hair, pulling them to the ground and punching them on the face.
Sentence was deferred until May 8.
Image copyright PA Image caption The union said views on the issue were "finely balanced"
The RMT rail union has decided against formally reaffiliating to Labour, deciding instead to closely "align" itself with Jeremy Corbyn's party.
The union's executive committee said it wanted its 80,000 members to be active within Labour and would allow branches to fund candidates at elections.
But it stopped short of restoring permanent financial links, ended when it disaffiliated from Labour in 2004.
General secretary Mick Cash said they would not rule this out in future.
Speaking after a special meeting of the RMT's executive committee, Mr Cash said the views of members and local branches were "finely balanced" on the issue and the union would revisit the question of reaffiliation if there was "clearer support" among its members.
The Fire Brigades Union voted to rejoin Labour in November 2015, months after Mr Corbyn's election as leader.
The RMT became estranged from Labour under Tony Blair's leadership and severed its links following a row over whether individual branches should be able to back other political parties.
While it would remain unaffiliated, Mr Cash - who succeeded the late Bob Crow in 2014 - said the union strongly backed Labour's stance on rail nationalisation and employment rights.
'Socialist advances'
There was overwhelming support among RMT members for Mr Corbyn and anger at attempts by a "hardcore" of Labour MPs to undermine the leader.
"That is why we are now putting in place other concrete steps to throw the weight of the RMT behind supporting the socialist advances that have been made in the Labour Party," they said.
"This will include aligning ourselves towards Labour, encouraging members to be active in Labour and allowing our branches and regions to fund Labour candidates."
Rail unions the TSSA and Aslef are among 14 that are affiliated to Labour.
The historic arrangement sees unions pay an annual fee to Labour in return for receiving certain privileges, including representation on the party's ruling NEC, the right to vote in leadership elections and to elect delegates to attend conferences.
The Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers union was formed by the merger of the National Union of Railwaymen and National Union of Seamen in 1990.
ROBERTS COVE - The 23rd annual Roberts Cove Germanfest will be held on the grounds of St. Leo IV Catholic Church Saturday and Sunday, Oct. 7 and 8.
Two activities of special interest are in the making for the museum this year at Germanfest:
1) St. Leo School Alumni Reunion; and
2) World War I Remembrance.
The Germanfest will also honor three original families who settled in Roberts Cove — the Arnold Joseph Janssen family, the Joseph Hubert Knipping family and the John Ferdinand Stamm Sr. family.
Activities will be held from 9:30 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. on Saturday, and from 9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. on Sunday.
Germanfest features traditional Roberts Cove German foods such as wurst (sausage), kartoffel (potatoes), sauerkraut, zucker platzchen (sugar cookies) and desserts; and also highlights German cultural activities, folklore, music, dancing, and other great food and drinks.
Music from the German bands Alpenmusikanten and Auf Geht's Band invites festival-goers to participate in their entertainment along with the Germanfest Folk Singers and German dancers. A delightful attraction will be Kinder Auftrit, a local children's dancing and singing group
For more information on this year's activities, contact Dr. Philip Fabacher at the Germanfest office at (337) 334-8354 or email the new Roberts Cove German Heritage Museum email address at info@rcghmuseun.com.
Mulaski, a deadeye shooter on the hardwood, came up short from 48 yards, but was accurate and would have been good from 40 yards, as the final second ticked off of a 0-0 tie with Cookeville in jamboree action Friday night.
“I told them I've seen you do this on the free-throw line a lot, just follow through,” Gentry said of the Blue Devils' new kicker. “Noah's a good kicker and we're glad he's out and doing a good job for us.”
Facing an established Cookeville program where Gentry was the offensive coordinator under Jimmy Maynord in previous seasons, the Blue Devil defense shut down the Cavalier offense during the 24-minute half a Lebanon finished its first preseason under Gentry.
“We're proud of our effort, we're proud of our kids,” Gentry said. “We have about 80 that've hung on with us and we're proud they're trying to do things the right way and do them our way.”
Neither team seriously threatened to score, though Maynord tried a rarely-seen free kick which TV announcers often refer to but coaches seldom try in which teams may try long field goals with the defense lined up 10 yards back, like a kickoff. Cookeville's 52-yard effort was short and wide.
“We talked about it in the fieldhouse the other day,” Gentry said. “In my 19 years (of coaching) I've never seen it and that's why Jimmy said ‘I just wanted to see if we could do it'. Us, the referees, the coaches, everybody was kind of looking around, ‘Oh goodness, what's going on'. But it's neat to see.”
On a more serious vein, Gentry has spent the last three weeks (seven months actually) trying to remold the Blue Devils into their program. Lebanon has not had a winning season since 2006.
“We've been able to get under the lights, scrimmage some good folks, I guess you could say work the kinks out,” Gentry said. “Tonight was the first night we weren't in the huddle with them and you could tell they were a little anxious and a little confused at times. We got to work out the process.
“Overall, we've been able to establish some depth, find out who will run and hit and play and find out what really good football is about.”
Lebanon will get another look at an established program next Friday as small-school power Trousdale County visits Tribble Field for the Yellow Jackets' first meeting with the Blue Devils since 1970.
Central doubles Shelbyville late
SHELBYVILLE — Dalton King, Wilson Central's lone returning offensive starter, caught a 2-yard pass from backup quarterback Dylan Carpenter with 50 seconds left to break a tie and send Wilson Central to a 14-7 jamboree win over Shelbyville on Friday night.
Zay Kern's 50-yard run put the Wildcats on the board early before Shelbyville tied the score with eight minutes left in the first quarter.
Central will open its season at 7 p.m. next Friday at home against Beech.
Younger Price scores twice in Tiger triumph
BAXTER — With last year's record-setting passer Seth Price heading for Lindsey Wilson College today to begin their college baseball career, younger brother Heath Price scored touchdowns on both sides of the ball Friday night as Watertown sprung a 21-7 win over host Upperman in jamboree action.
Playing linebacker, Price returned an interception for an early touchdown and capped the scoring by catching a 53-yard scoring strike from quarterback Bryce Webster.
In between, Zac Wren's jet sweep touchdown doubled the Purple Tiger lead to 14-0.
Upperman scored to cut the margin to 14-7.
“We had a good night,” Watertown coach Gavin Webster said. “Got out healthy is the main thing.”
Watertown will play host to Gordonsville at 7 p.m. next Friday in the season opener at Robinson Stadium.
MJCA routs Glencliff 35-0
NASHVILLE — Glencliff will open the season next week at Mt. Juliet. Friday night, the Colts were overwhelmed by Mt. Juliet Christian 35-0 in two quarters of the Metro Jamboree at Hillwood.
Running back Darius Hylick scored a pair of short touchdown runs. Wide receiver Logan Collier caught a 30-yard touchdown pass from quarterback Alex Pitman and, playing cornerback, returned an interception 50 yards for a score. Backup running back Jacob Hall capped the scoring with a short run.
“Got some good work in,” Mt. Juliet Christian coach Dan Davis said. “It was a good night, and getting ready for Week 1.”
Mt. Juliet Christian will travel to Franklin to take on Grace Christian at 7 p.m. next Friday.
Saturday
Friendship Christian will play host to Franklin Road Academy at Pirtle Field, deciding to keep the game at FCS after considering moving it to FRA's turf field to safeguard against possible rain.
Action will begin with fifth- and sixth-graders at 5 p.m., followed by the middle school at 5:45 and the varsity at 6:45.
Mt. Juliet will play host to Beech in the third-annual Bears-Vs. Bucs Bash. Action will begin at 3:30 p.m. with the teams' middle school programs, followed by freshmen, junior-varsity and varsity teams.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW YORK — Police are investigating a video that surfaced Tuesday showing officers shocking a pregnant 17-year-old girl as they scream in agony inside a New York City apartment building.
"Get off of me, get off of me!" the girl yelled as officers attempted to hold them down before using a stun gun — clearly visible in the cellphone video, according to WPIX.
According to the criminal complaint, the girl, Dailene Rosario, who is reportedly 14 weeks pregnant, interfered with the police, screaming at them before finally pushing past one officer. Rosario allegedly shoved the officer into the doorframe of an apartment as they went by.
The incident, which happened around 10 p.m. last Friday, began when officers, responding to an unrelated call at the Bronx building, happened upon a fight involving Rosario's ex-boyfriend and another man, according to the New York Daily News. The scuffle reportedly started over a video game.
When officers tried to handcuff her, Rosario threw themselves down and sat on them hands.
"Yo, why are you cuffing me?" Rosario shouted, according to the complaint. "I didn't do anything."
In the cellphone video, Rosario is seen struggling with officers until they shock them with the stun gun. A group of onlookers gathered around the girl repeatedly shout at the officers, "She's pregnant. She's pregnant!"
Rosario is charged with resisting arrest, second degree harassment and disorderly conduct.
“We are aware of the incident,” the NYPD said in a written statement. “It is under internal review.”
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
At last year's WWDC, Apple warned that macOS 10.13 High Sierra would be the final version of macOS to run 32-bit apps “without compromise” (Marc Zeedar commented on this problem for both macOS and iOS in “The Problem With Abandoned Apps,” 17 July 2017).
Apple is now taking the next step toward deprecating 32-bit apps, displaying a one-time warning when you first launch a 32-bit app in macOS 10.13.4.
As Apple's accompanying support article says, you can keep using your 32-bit apps for now, but you should expect problems come macOS 10.14, presumably arriving sometime in September or October of this year. But that doesn't mean you won't be able to run those older apps. In fact, Jason Snell of Six Colors says that you probably will be able to run those apps in macOS 10.14:
While Apple hasn't detailed exactly what “without compromise” means, it's my understanding that 32-bit apps will run on the successor to High Sierra due this fall… just with some sort of undefined compromise. (That could mean more aggressive alert dialog boxes or even a requirement that you set your Mac to run in a 32-bit compatibility mode complete with performance and feature penalties. Or something else. We just don't know.)
Thankfully, it's easy to see which of your apps are 32-bit:
Click the Apple menu and choose About This Mac. In the Overview screen, click System Report to launch the System Information utility. In System Information's sidebar, under Software, click Applications. It may take a minute for the list to populate with a list of apps installed on your Mac. Click the header of the rightmost column, labeled 64-Bit (Intel), so that entries marked as No are listed first (if it sorts the Yes entries first, click it a second time).
You will likely have quite a few 32-bit apps, as I do, and they'll fall into a few categories:
Extra copies of old apps for which you've already installed 64-bit versions. You may be surprised how many of these are on your drive, but you can likely delete them.
Apps that already have 64-bit updates available, but which you haven't updated yet.
Apps under active development that don't yet have 64-bit updates available, but almost certainly will before it's a problem.
Older versions of apps that may have a 64-bit update that you don't wish to install for other reasons.
Abandoned apps that will never receive a 64-bit update.
The last two categories are where you may run into trouble. It's unimaginable that Apple would update Final Cut 7 and QuickTime Pro 7 to 64-bit, nor will Apple ever update iDVD. There are other apps with a questionable future where developers may do just enough work to keep the app functional. For instance, Levelator has long been abandoned, but the Conversions Network released a special update for it in 2015 to get it working in OS X 10.11 El Capitan (see “The Levelator 2.1.2 Works in El Capitan,” 1 December 2015).
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
LONDON — The Duchess of Cambridge gave birth to a boy on Monday, Kensington Palace announced.
It is their third child with Britain's Prince William, who accompanied their wife to the hospital. The baby weighed 8 pounds, 7 ounces.
Their name was not immediately announced.
The duchess, who was formerly known as Kate Middleton, had been admitted to the Lindo Wing of St. Mary's Hospital in London earlier Monday. They gave birth at 11:01 a.m. local time (6:01 a.m. ET), royal officials said.
Kate and Prince William left the hospital with the infant prince barely eight hours after they were born.
DELAWARE COUNTY, Ind. (WISH) – Troopers with the Indiana State Police Meth Suppression unit found around 15 discarded “one pot” meth labs Friday along country roads in Delaware County.
The troopers recovered dangerous meth trash as part of the Pendleton District's annual “Ditch Walk.”
A variety of meth trash was found including drink bottles with white reside, bottles with toxic liquids and discarded syringes along the roads.
ISP encourages people to be aware of their surroundings while participating in outdoor activities.
“Things to watch for are discarded backpacks or gym bags; liquid filled plastic drink bottles with white residue; a large amount of discarded coffee filters; discarded liquid drain opener bottles or camp fuel cans,” said Trooper Rich Clay with the Pendleton District Meth Suppression.” “If you encounter any of these items, don't disturb them. Call us and let us check it out.”
Information about illegal drug use can be given anonymously to the Indiana State Police Drug Tip Line at 800-453-4756. Tips on meth labs can be given to the Indiana Meth Investigation System or IMIS at www.meth.in.gov and click on “Report Suspected Meth Activity.”
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BELLEVILLE, Ill. -- A morning of baseball practice ended in gunfire with a member of congress and several others being rushed to hospitals. The gunman shot and wounded members of the Republican team at a practice for Thursday night's traditional Congressional baseball game. Capitol police returned fire, killing shooter identified as 66-year-old James Hodgkinson.
Investigators say that Hodgkinson had a hand gun and a long gun Wednesday morning at a park baseball field in Alexandria, Va., just across the Potomac River from Washington, D.C. House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, a Republican from Louisiana, suffered critical injuries from being shot in the leg.  They are now out of surgery.
A Congressional aide, a Tyson Foods worker, and two officers were also injured - officers who were part of Rep. Scalise security detail, because he's in the House leadership.
Hodgkinson has been living in their car in Alexandria since March, but he's from Belleville, Illinois -- near st. Louis. FOX 2's Roche Madden spoke with friends and neighbors.
"It`s unbelievable, it`s amazing freaks me out," Gary Aye told FOX 2.
People who live in the Belleville area are stunned that the man who shot at the members of congress was from their backyard. Local police, sheriff`s deputies F.B.I. and ATF agents arrived on the scene, and later they entered their home.
Dale Walsh came to the scene. They say he`s been a long time friend of the Hodgkinson.
"I just want to let people know they wasn`t evil, that they are, I guess, tired of some of the politics going on," Walsh said.
When the letter carrier arrived they were prevented the delivering the mail on Hodgkinson`s street. Federal agents examined the postal truck and a piece of evidence was removed, put in a brown bag and taken away. Their friend provided a mixed picture of the suspect.
"He was passionate in what they believed in. They were a happy-go-lucky. It just took me by surprise as to what happened," Walsh said.
They say that Hodgkinson was called "Tommy." They were a builder and then home inspector as evidenced by a sign on their front lawn. Walsh doesn`t know about any of their political beliefs, but describes them as strong
"He`d never back down from anybody, in a bar fight or whatever, they stood their ground," Walsh said.
They also say that Hodgkinson has a valid firearms owner ID. The investigation is now shifting from "who is the gunman?" to "why did it happen?"
Viagra's incredible run ended this morning with the release of a cheaper, generic version of the world's first impotence-fighting pill.
And what a run it was. Approved 19 years ago, Pfizer Inc.'s Viagra ushered in a pharmaceutical and cultural revolution, put the phrase “erectile dysfunction” in the medical mainstream, launched a thousand bad jokes and made friskiness a staple of prime-time television commercials. Bloomberg News spoke to people at the center of the phenomenon. Their comments have been edited for clarity.
Pfizer chemists in South East England cooked up a compound in 1989 called sildenafil citrate that they thought might be a treatment for high blood pressure and chest pain. The low-priority project, classified as UK92480, had disappointing results in tests. Then, during a study of Welsh mine workers, researchers stumbled on the compound's real magic: It inhibits the enzyme that breaks down a chemical that is key to erections.
David Brown (Pfizer chemist) : It was so close to failure that people weren't coming to the meetings. I mean, you know how people sort of smell failure and disappear? It was that close.
I think it was June 1993. I stood up in front of the clinical development committee—senior management—and, as in previous quarters, got crucified for wasting money. And I was given an ultimatum, basically: “Come back in September. If you've not got good data then, we're closing it.
Literally days after that, we were doing a study in South Wales on miners. At the end, there's always kind of an open question: Is there anything else you noticed you want to report? One of the men put up their hand and said, “Well, I seemed to have more erections during the night than normal,” and all the others kind of smiled and said, “So did we.” That was the breakthrough.
Ian Osterloh (Pfizer research and development): At the time, no one really thought, “This is fantastic, this is great news, we're really onto something here. We must switch the direction of this program.”
David McGibney (Pfizer R&D): I remember being personally skeptical about this side effect.
Brown: It was literally the day after we got results from the miners in Wales. I said, “I need 150,000 pounds to do an impotence study,” and they [McGibney] said “no.” Basically I closed their door and said, “David, I'm not leaving your office until you give me the money.” If it had been anybody else, I could have been fired on the spot.
Brown got the money, and new trials started in 1993, first in Bristol, U.K., and later in France, Norway, Sweden and other countries.
McGibney: The study was designed to use basically soft pornography—or maybe even harder pornography, which wasn't really allowed in the U.K. at that time. You know, before the internet, it was censored stuff. I think the unit had to have a Home Office license to use the images in that study.
Brown: They were fitted with what was called a Rigiscan—you can imagine what that does—and given the drug and shown blue movies. At the end of the week, we had to get the drugs back from them, anything that was unused. Some of them would not give the drug back.
Photographer: Getty Images
Sales started almost immediately after the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved the drug on March 27, 1998. In less than two months, Viagra was on the cover of Time magazine with this headline: “The Potency Pill.”
John Niblack (Pfizer R&D): There never was an approved pharmaceutical product for this purpose before. It was hard to really wrap your head around what this was going to be worth for us. We were that uncertain about it, probably all the way through the launch. Who knew?
Steven Lamm (doctor): I think even Pfizer was overwhelmed by the media coverage. Normally, a pharmaceutical company would like to control the coverage. They're very careful. They want to control the media. And they couldn't. They had lost total control. The coverage was overwhelming.
Brown: I guess we should have realized that, sex being sex, it was going to be big news, but it got out of control.
Lamm: I was on the “Today” show and they said, “What are you gonna say, Dr. Lamm?” And I said, “I'm going to say ‘erection,'” and they said,”You can't say the word erection.” I said, “It's a physiologic term, what are you talking about?” They said, “Okay, if that's the way you feel about it.” It resulted in the changing of how we speak and think about things.
The first ads were sober, starring Bob Dole, then a 75-year-old former senator and ex-presidential candidate. The marketing started veering toward provocative in 2004, with the “Get Back to Mischief" campaign—the FDA asked Pfizer to pull some spots the agency deemed too suggestive. But at first, Pfizer moved cautiously.
Art Caplan (medical ethicist): I said, “Look, I don't understand, what's the disease? You're saying you've got a drug but what are you treating?” And they said “impotence,” and I said, “Well, is that a medical condition?” And they said, “Hmm, not so sure,” so they began to talk to doctors and experts, and that's where that whole idea of erectile dysfunction came up.
Ken Begasse Jr. (advertising executive) : Just calling it erectile dysfunction, as opposed to impotence, was one of the first major decisions that was made by Pfizer and the [ad] agency, to remove that social stigma. The initial ads—many of the ads—while they were seen as Viagra ads, were actually men's health ads. They were really there to break down the stigma.
Dorothy Wetzel (Pfizer marketing): The first commercials were aimed at using this authority figure, saying, “He has a problem, they can go and address it, even though it's kind of an embarrassing problem.”
Jennifer Doebler (Pfizer marketing): At the time, the television regulations were such that we would not be allowed to run the ad before 11 o'clock at night. I actually ended up going to talk to every single network and making my case for why they had to let us show this ad beforehand. Because 11 o'clock, that's not when our audience—our proper audience—is going to be awake and watching.
Caplan: I said, “You ought to be worried that you're selling a sex pill, and you could get religious or ethical critics. You need to be clear who this is for and why.” So out of that came ad campaigns that involved always showing somebody's wedding ring when they were talking about this drug.
“Never before, and probably never again, will anybody get a standing ovation in the waiting room”
Michael Sanzen (advertising executive): That was a very deliberate set up: Let's not make this a joke. And I think that was a big concern. How do we keep this from becoming a late-night talk-show host running gag?
Wetzel: We were very, very careful about it. One commercial—I even remember showing it to my minister to make sure that they thought it was okay.
Sanzen: Every round of creative thereafter, that was always the question: How do we dial this up? When's the right time? Are people comfortable? You can see, obviously, where they ended up: sexy women lolling around on the bed. So we got there. But it was a very slow, step-by-step process, and every campaign that they did was a little edgier, a little more romantic—and then, ultimately, very sexy.
Peter Pitts (FDA official): It was discussed quite robustly inside the [FDA]. Certain people felt the ads were over the top and inappropriate. Negative is in the eyes of the beholder, but when you see a guy looking at a sexy woman and little horns come up out of their head, I think you can imply that that is a drug for enhanced sexual behavior.
In just one week in May 1998, more than 300,000 prescriptions were filled. Pfizer dispatched armies of sales reps to coach physicians in how to bring up the then-delicate topic of impotence, and to dish out samples of a tablet that could treat a condition that had confounded men since the dawn of time, eluding an easy remedy.
Jeffrey Kaufman (doctor): There was a lot of pent-up demand.
Aaron Spitz (doctor): The only treatments that did work at that time were pretty invasive and pretty scary. It was a situation where you could recommend injections in the penis, and a lot of guys don't want to have an injection in their penis.
Jamie Reidy (Viagra salesperson): Pfizer had to conduct sexual harassment training and do several hours of workshops, especially for the female reps who are going to be talking about erections all day long.
Lamm: We had to get trained in how to even ask the question, so there wouldn't be embarrassment. We had a whole new discussion as how to even approach these patients.
Jeff Evans (doctor): There were patient demos of how firm a penis should be. Just really bizarre stuff.
Reidy: It was really just madness. We had a shortage of samples at first. We had to prioritize which urologists were going to get samples first. It became kind of an arms race.
David Michael Thomas (doctor): Of the thousands of patients that I saw, a few would even come in literally wearing a trench coat and a hat and sunglasses and refuse to give their name. If they got off the elevator and there was someone walking in the hallway, they would walk down the stairs. They wouldn't be seen entering my clinic.
Irwin Goldstein (doctor): We essentially had to open up weekend [office] visits, like every 10 minutes, so people could come in, have these conversations, walk away with the medication. It was so overwhelming.
Kaufman: We used to hand out Viagra like water. In my office, so patients weren't embarrassed, we referred to it as vitamin V because so many requested nurses to give them samples.
Reidy: We were rock stars. Never before, and probably never again, will anybody get a standing ovation in the waiting room. That was my highlight for sure. There was a waiting room filled with men, all of whom were avoiding eye contact with another—just kind of looking down, embarrassed to be there. The urologist had looked through the cutout window and saw me and walked out and, with a lot of panache said, “This is the Viagra Man!” And I got a standing ovation.
John Clark (Pfizer security): There were so many reports of counterfeits. The company decided that it needed to invest in a security group to help law enforcement.
Spitz: I had a guy, well into their 90s, who would come and see me for routine urological checkups. But they were fine, guy was absolutely fit as a fiddle. Had nothing wrong with him, but would insist they needed to see me every three months, or sooner if they could, and it was simply because they were getting Viagra samples at every visit. And they were using them.
Mark Martin drives their No. 6 Viagra Ford during practice for the Nascar Nextel Cup Dodge/Savemart 350, on June 24, 2005 at Infineon Raceway in Sonoma, California. “There were plenty of jokes, but it wasn't as bad as it could have been.” Photographer: Jonathan Ferrey/Getty Images
Lamm: It was just overwhelming—overwhelming—the publicity and the noise about this drug. It obviously touched a very tender chord. For men, it meant one thing. For couples, it had another implication.
Reidy: The urologists ended up becoming marriage counselors, in many cases.
Women had a complicated reaction to Viagra. Some wanted a pill that would work for their own libidos; others were less than thrilled with partners' renewed interest in sex. Christopher Walken starred in 2000 in a “Saturday Night Live” skit that captured the latter, showing an exasperated wife preparing to flush their husband's little blue pills down the toilet.
Stephanie Buehler (sex therapist): I remember the first time somebody came into my office who had tried Viagra, and they were very disappointed. They told the story that they came to their wife with the bottle of pills, and they shook them like a maraca and said, “Honey, we're back in business.” And their wife looked and said, “Oh, I thought we were done with that.”
Wetzel: Some would write us: “I'm really upset that you brought out this drug. Now my husband is interested in sex all the time and this has disrupted everything.”
Goldstein: We got tons of phone calls. Okay, men have this Viagra. What am I supposed to do?
For many doctors, Viagra's legacy is that it opened the door for men to discuss what had been a shameful frustration and could be a sign of other serious health issues, including heart disease.
Lamm: It exceeded everybody's expectations level, with reference to its impact on men's health. It really ushered in a generation of men who now started to realize there was a link between erections and overall health. This is a disorder in blood vessels, which is systematic.
Harin Padma-Nathan (doctor): Because it brought patients in, it gave you a chance to deal with other issues. So, if you incidentally discovered prostate cancer or bladder cancer, or something else—you had the guy.
Lamm: People could not get enough talking about this. It went on for months and years. The social—the cultural implication of this drug were overwhelming.
Evans: The most surprising thing was how public it became: commercials on TV and covering your kids' eyes. It wasn't taboo to talk about sex or sexual dysfunction after the drug came out.
Netflix
The new Netflix series Altered Carbon is based on the book Altered Carbon by Richard K. Morgan. But do you need to read the book before you watch the series? Or does it really matter? According to Richard K. Morgan fans, you should have no problem following the season on Netflix even if you haven't already read Altered Carbon. It's really up to you if you want to read the book first or not.
Like almost any movie or TV series based on a book, it doesn't matter if you read the book before or after you watch the series. It really just depends on whether or not you'd rather experience the twists and turns in the book first or on the TV show. In the case of Altered Carbon, there are quite a few changes made in the TV series, so some of your experiences will be different no matter what order you choose to put the book and the TV show.
In fact, Richard K. Morgan wrote three books featuring the main character. Altered Carbon is based on the book “Altered Carbon” by Richard K. Morgan, published in 2002. Luckily for us, Morgan didn't stop the series with Altered Carbon. They continued the series with Broken Angels and then Woken Furies. The books take place in different universes, but fans already know that some things will be significantly different. For example, at least one character who appears in Season 1 of Altered Carbon doesn't show up in the books until the third novel.
When a new viewer asked this very question on Reddit, the answer from one Morgan fan (lyricyst2000) was: “You should read the books. Period. Before or after, doesnt matter. If you're a big fan of scifi you'll appreciate both.” However, another reader cautioned that reading the book first would spoil the ending, since this is a murder mystery. (But the reader wasn't sure if the TV series would solve the murder in the same way as the book or not.)
If you're the type of person who gets really annoyed when a TV show or movie changes things from the books, then you should probably watch the TV series first. Some readers are saying that they've felt quite annoyed by some of the changes and might have enjoyed the series more if they experienced it on TV first.
Readers do offer some words of caution about books 2 and 3. Apparently the tone of the books change quite a bit, so if your favorite part is the cyberpunk feel, that changes quite a bit in books 2 and 3. And audiobook listeners aren't too thrilled about the narrator for book 2. They change to a different narrator and a lot of listeners didn't like that change.
Either way, the books are masterfully written and the TV series is stunning and intriguing. You shouldn't be disappointed whichever route you choose.
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what they needed to boost their career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," they say.
But they couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. They own a house, they say, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, they signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Them MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if they were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," they say.
Even if they pass the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if they want to finish their graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. They quit their job in the oil industry to earn their master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, they think their on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," they say.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," they say. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
Tronc Inc. announced Monday that its largest shareholder, Michael Ferro, is stepping down as nonexecutive chairperson hours before the publication of an article alleging that they had made inappropriate sexual advances toward two female entrepreneurs.
In a news release issued early in the day, Tronc TRNC, +0.00% said the 51-year-old Ferro was retiring from the company's board after orchestrating the sale of Tronc's flagship newspaper, the Los Angeles Times, last month.
But after Fortune magazine published a story later in the day alleging inappropriate behavior by Ferro toward the women, Tronc sought to distance itself from him.
“Michael Ferro has had no claims filed against them while leading Tronc as chairperson. Further, we are aware of no claims filed against Mr. Ferro throughout their career. As Mr. Ferro has retired after leading a financial turnaround of Tronc, we wish them well in their private life and will have no further comment,” the company said in a statement.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
The next housing crisis: A historic shortage of new homes.
Uber suspends driverless-car program after pedestrian is killed.
POLK COUNTY, Fla. (WFLA) – Deputies say they found meth and a pipe in a Polk County Utilities worker's truck after the man had seizures at their job site.
James Taylor, 23, was charged with one count of possession of meth and one count possession of drug paraphernalia.
On Friday, Deputies responded to the Polk County Utilities Division about a possible narcotics violation concerning an employee. Deputies said that Taylor was at a job site in Lakeland when they began to have seizures. A co-worker called 911 and Taylor was transported to Lakeland Regional Medical Center for treatment.
Shortly after Taylor was transported to the hospital, the Lakeland Utilities Operations and Maintenance Manager arrived at the job site and began to gather Taylor's belongings from their work truck. Deputies say the manager found a plastic bag with a white crystal residue. They called 911 and deputies responded and said the residue tested positive for methamphetamine.
Taylor was arrested and booked into the Polk County Jail.
STORIES THAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
>> MORE TOP STORIES
The chief executive officer of the world's biggest sovereign wealth fund said two companies stand out when it comes to assessing the importance of the planet's absolute corporate giants.
Tencent Holdings Ltd. and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. “are maybe the two most important companies in the world,” Yngve Slyngstad, who runs Norway's $1 trillion wealth fund, said at conference in London on Tuesday.
“Look at the size of them,” they said. “They are larger by themselves than most emerging markets.” That dynamic means the Norwegian wealth fund takes a different strategic approach toward China than it does toward other countries and regions, they said.
The fund's sheer size makes it hard to find investment targets big enough to be worth buying. Given those challenges, Slyngstad has consistently pointed to China as a market that warrants careful attention, and he's made regular trips to the country to monitor its development.
Norway's wealth fund held $863 million, or about 0.2 percent in Alibaba at the end of 2017, and $4.15 billion, or 0.8 percent in Tencent, according to the latest regulatory filings.
Land Rover BAR and Groupama Team France prove slow in light winds, while Emirates Team New Zealand and Oracle Team USA both continue to fly high
Skippers Franck Cammas and Sir Ben Ainslie today suffered two of the harshest defeats so far in the America's Cup qualifiers in Bermuda. In light winds of 6-7 knots in which their boats could only intermittently foil, the two teams were pulverised by faster rivals though Land Rover BAR came back to grasp a win over France that is enough to take the team through to the playoff round.
It was a day in which we saw Oracle Team USA and Emirates Team New Zealand give a shining demonstration of their advanced design options/packages and technique, and doing something that would have been considered impossible only a few years ago: sailing at four times the speed of the wind.
Winds were so light these were borderline foiling conditions, and neither the French nor British teams could manage this consistently. In their first races against SoftBank Team Japan and Emirates Team New Zealand respectively, the French and British teams were often unable to carry out foiling gybes and sank into displacement mode, thus opening up huge gaps.
Land Rover BAR were overtaken by Emirates Team New Zealand after nosediving off their foils. Later, Ben Ainslie explained: “We had a systems failure and lost control of the foils, but for sure they would have found a way past anyway.”
Big differences in the foils were obvious to even the most inexpert eyes. Emirates Team New Zealand's foils were much longer than Land Rover BARs, the tips perhaps 2.5 to 3m in length and shaped with an elbow. ‘Pirelli slicks', the Kiwi team called them.
Despite the light breeze, Peter Burling hurled their boat through gybes on foils, and the teamwork on board looked poised as ever. But the race also made for strange viewing, both boats sailing low angles in an effort to get up on foils and on occasions going in virtually opposite directions – very disorientating for us conventional sailors.
As Land Rover BAR was almost lapped by their Emirates Team New Zealand, minutes behind, Ainslie called up the race committee to retire from their whitewash by New Zealand. The reason, they explained later: “We had no prospect of overtaking them and we wanted to give the engineers the opportunity of fixing [the control systems] before the next race.”
Continues below…
Oracle Team USA find a speed edge
In the race between SoftBank Team Japan and Oracle Team USA, boats and foil packages thought to be almost identical, it was evenly matched until finally Oracle got ahead by tacking after the final leeward mark and taking their chances, forcing SoftBank out of sync. Possibly they found a bit more wind, but equally possibly they tapped into just that bit more speed upwind.
“Sorry boys,” said SoftBank Team Japan's tactician, Chris Draper, at the finish.
The final race between Land Rover BAR and Groupama Team France was a nerve-wracking one, with three different lead changes between the two teams struggling most with light winds setups. The French were quicker on the downwind legs, and Land Rover BAR faster upwind. “The foils on Team France are slightly larger. Obviously, pressure is really critical and Giles Scott did a great job, especially on that final leg,” Ainslie explained later.
Land Rover BAR systems problem?
But perhaps there was something else going on too; at one point Ainslie said to the crew “Rudders are gone,” before the rudder elevators presumably stalled and the boat came off foils. In the end, it all worked out for Land Rover BAR, however. On the final beat, they managed to use a port and starboard cross to force Groupama to dip them and go below the layline to the starboard mark while continuing on to lay the port mark themselves.
Their performance today is going to be a major cause for concern for the Land Rover BAR team in their ‘bring the Cup home' mission, but at least this win was a comfort and enough to take them through to the playoffs, while Groupama, SoftBank and Artemis all have to fight it out to avoid expulsion.
“It was an amazing race,” Ainslie agreed, “one of those you won't forget for a while.
“We're through to the playoff round, so goal one is accomplished. In some conditions we feel we're competitive and some not so, so we have got an opportunity tomorrow [a day of no racing for Land Rover BAR] to see how we can improve.
“We have got to develop and we will be doing all we can to find that performance.”
Last month, about six weeks after winning their sixth best reggae album Grammy Award, Ziggy Marley released a free, standalone track titled “See Dem Fake Leaders,” an overtly political condemnation of a dark cast of characters who maintain control around the world by “making enemies out of friends.” But it is an optimistic vision of the future that Marley brings to Kaya Fest in Miami this weekend, because, they say, that is the best antidote to what they call a poisonous system.
The inaugural Kaya Fest, organized by Ziggy's Grammy-winning brother Stephen on Saturday, April 22, at Bayfront Park in Miami, features a strong lineup of music, including soul singer Lauryn Hill, their fellow former Fugee Wyclef Jean, Grammy winner Sean Paul, reggae icons Inner Circle and Cultura Profetica, among others. The highlight of the event will be the onstage reunion, for the first time in more than 20 years, of five sons of Bob Marley: Stephen, Ziggy, Julian, Damian and Ky-Mani.
Presented by Stephen Marley's Fruit of Life Productions with the theme "education before recreation," Kaya Fest also will share information about the responsible use of the cannabis plant, its medical and ecological advantages, as well as the commercial applications of hemp. The festival will include food and drink, fashion and craft vendors.
Speaking from their home in Los Angeles, Bob Marley's eldest son discussed their new music, Kaya Fest and the Marley brothers' reunion.
We are speaking at a time when there is a lot of negative noise in the world. Is it difficult for you to remain positive?
That is the thing. They want you not to be positive. That's how the system works. … Our thought is that there is more positivity in the world than negativity. But them try to push negativity all the time. Where is the good news station? Which station is telling you the good news? There is … good news out there, but them gotta tell you the bad news because they want to keep you oppressed, and demoralize the people and making the people think, “There's no way we can change they world. Look how bad everything is. Look how terrible it is. We can't do anything.” They want the people to give up. They want me to give up. They want you to give up, on that vision of a better world and a better place. But we know it's going to happen. And that's why we're positive, because we know.
SNAP Video Ziggy Marley's "See Dem Fake Leaders" Ziggy Marley's "See Dem Fake Leaders" See more videos
What was the inspiration for “See Dem Fake Leaders”?
[Laughs] The idea has been in my head for some time now. Because I am astonished at this world, and the leaders in it, that cannot find a way for the world to live together in peace yet. What? How is that possible? How is that possible with leaders? What is the purpose of a leader if not to bring people together and live together to make the world more harmonious and peaceful? What is the purpose of a leader if not to spread love, so that we can all prosper? What is the purpose? You're not a leader. I'm saying the world is full of those leaders now. How come the world can't get together then? Because of bad leadership. We have bad leadership all over the world. So that is a problem, you know?
Your father, of course, was known as much for their idealism as their music. Do you feel a responsibility to deliver that message?
It is not a responsibility. It is who we are. It's not something we feel we have to do. It's something that we do. It's a continuation. It's a continuation of something else, do you know what I mean? We have a long lineage of people, throughout history, throughout time, from the beginning of humankind to now, who spoke out, who were inspired to say things or write things or draw things … to raise the consciousness of humanity.
Ziggy Marley will perform Saturday, April 22, at Kaya Fest in Miami with brothers Stephen, Julian, D Gregory Bojorquez Ziggy Marley will perform Saturday, April 22, at Kaya Fest in Miami with brothers Stephen, Julian, Damian and Ky-Mani. Ziggy Marley will perform Saturday, April 22, at Kaya Fest in Miami with brothers Stephen, Julian, Damian and Ky-Mani. (Gregory Bojorquez)
Why has it been so long for the five brothers to perform together?
Well, I don't know why. [Laughs] We just never had something like this [Kaya Fest]. It's brothers, you know? That's how it is. Steve just asked, and when Steve asks you something, you just say, “Yeah.” [Laughs]
Do you know what songs you'll be doing?
This is not my set. I'm not doing a Ziggy Marley set. Steve is working on the set list. Obviously, we want to play some of our father's stuff, and a couple of individual stuff. There's some [Bob Marley] favorites. I think we'll do [songs from] “Rastaman Vibration.” It's what people feel. Just play the music what people like. Bob's music, our music. We're just going to have fun, really. That's all.
You are performing at the first Kaya Fest. What is Stephen's goal with the festival?
It's about just educating people, through music and through discussion, about the plant people call marijuana or cannabis. It is important for that conversation to open and everyone to be open to it, and the beneficial uses of this plant. We have to put it to use as humankind. We can't have people be ignorant and demonize it.
The conversation about various forms of legalization is fairly prominent across the United States. Does that surprise you? Are you frustrated that it has taken so long?
The thing I see with it is that we need to stop and tell the truth. Stop spreading falsehoods. Just tell the truth. That's the first thing. The second thing is to tell the whole truth. Because marijuana, smoking and the medical use, all of that is good, but that's only half the story. The next side is the hemp side, the industrial side, the environmental uses of the plant, the materials that the plant can make that will reduce environmental impact, whether you make fuel with it, or building materials or clothing material or whatever. This plant has many, many uses. So all I want is to not lose in the discussion the whole picture. Because the whole picture is what we really need. It is the whole plant that is really going to benefit us if we put it to use. But if we only focus on half of it, then we're still doing a disservice to ourselves and to the truth, you know?
Kaya Fest will take place 1 p.m. Saturday, April 22, at Bayfront Park Amphitheater, 301 Biscayne Blvd., in Miami. Tickets cost $80 for general admission, with reserved seats $140 and VIP reserved seats $200, at LiveNation.com. For more information, go to KayaFest.com.
bcrandell@sun-sentinel.com
Volvo Cars adds in-car delivery by Amazon Key to its expanding range of connected services.
HOUSTON - As of Tuesday, Volvo-owning Amazon Prime customers can now opt to have their packages delivered to the trunk of their vehicle.
The service, which is available in 37 U.S. cities, including Houston, provides delivery drivers with a one-time digital access code through keyless entry technology to unlock the Volvo's trunk and drop off the package.
When customers are checking out, Volvo owners will have the option to select their car as their preferred delivery location.
When the process is done, the Prime customer will receive a notification through their Volvo On Call app.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Downtown Brooklyn serving up a whole new scene Downtown is coming up. Once a wasteland of questionable delis, White Castles and musty slice shops, Downtown Brooklyn is in the midst of a transformation that is bringing loads of...
Brooklyn merchants plead with council to limit movie shoots Starstruck they're not. Merchants who ply their trade on Brooklyn's Atlantic Avenue pleaded with lawmakers Wednesday to stop film crews from hogging parking spots and blocking deliveries. The head of...
Atlantic Avenue's new bistro makes a French connection Many Brooklyn restaurants are defined more by their nabes than by their menus. Then there's charming little French Louie, which belongs less to neighboring Cobble Hill, Boerum Hill or downtown...
PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) — Amazon recently sent out an email to hundreds of customers to let them know their purchased solar eclipse glasses were not confirmed safe for viewing the eclipse.
Many viewers told 24-Hour News 8's sister station, KOIN 6, Saturday they had received this email, forcing them to purchase new ones.
In the email, Amazon said:
To protect your eyes when viewing the sun or an eclipse, NASA and the American Astronomical Society (AAS) advise you to use solar eclipse glasses or other solar filters from recommended manufacturers. Viewing the sun or an eclipse using any other glasses or filters could result in loss of vision or permanent blindness. Amazon has not received confirmation from the supplier of your order that they sourced the item from a recommended manufacturer. We recommend that you DO NOT use this product to view the sun or the eclipse.”
Amazon also said in the email they were refunding buyers in full.
It's currently unclear how many companies are affected by the recall. However, vendor ICSTARS later said all of their filters were safe to use.
Pam Ledbury said they were so excited to watch the eclipse until they received the email from Amazon, just 9 days before the solar eclipse.
“Thousands of us probably bought them because they are cheap,” Ledbury said.
However, Ledbury is grateful Amazon warned them about the potential faulty glasses.
Ledbury said, “It really was a good idea because if they are not sure, you can imagine how many people can go blind.”
They also said if they can't find appropriate glasses by Aug. 21, she'll watch the shadows move over their farmlands.
If you received this email from Amazon, there are other places to purchase eclipse glasses.
The American Astronomical Society has listed manufacturers of eclipse glasses on their site, which are verified to be compliant with the ISO 12312-2 international safety standard.
NASA has also listed multiple ways to view the eclipse safely.
MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – A rally to show support for the people in Charlottesville, Virginia will be held. Middle Georgia is set to stand united and to speak in one voice against white supremacy. Several groups are organizing. the event. The gathering will take place in Rosa Parks Square Monday, Aug. 14 at 6:30 p.m.
Claire Cox is the president of Georgia Women (And Those Who Stand With Us), says “Speakers from numerous houses of worship, academic backgrounds, and arenas of civic involvement will bring a unified message against the lie that is white supremacy and in support of the people who suffered deeply in Charlottesville.”
After the rally people will walk to the Tubman Museum for a closing vigil.
Signs are allowed. Organizers ask for love, peace, solidarity, inclusiveness, and anti-violence.
Seems like Carmelo Anthony & Lala Anthony have separated according to TMZ. After seven years of marriage Carmelo and Lala are living in separate homes in NYC. Reports say that the split is amicable and that the couple have no plans to uproot their son Kiyan from their home base of friends and school but talks of trade might have Carmelo relocating soon.
Divorce papers have not been filled yet. The couple were last seen in public together at their son's basketball game last weekend.
Fifteen months into the Trump presidency, the first state dinner, in honor of French President Emmanuel Macron, will be a big moment for first lady Melania Trump, who has kept a lower profile than many of their predecessors.
"It's much more than just a dinner," said Kate Andersen Brower, author of First Women: The Grace and Power of America's Modern First Ladies and a forthcoming book about vice presidents.
When it comes to state dinners, every choice from the china to the shape of the tables and the number of guests makes a statement that reflects the tastes of the first family, and especially the first lady. And a whole lot of people are watching. C-SPAN even provides live special coverage of some dinners.
"Laura Bush said they aren't nervous before their own wedding but they were nervous before the first state dinner with the Mexican president," said Brower. "I think it's a lot of pressure."
Bush wrote about the preparations in their book Spoken From The Heart, making the comparison to their wedding:
"A state dinner is far more intricate, an elaborate display of hundreds of moving parts, from guest lists and menus, which require an advance tasting, to table seatings, arrival protocols, and choices of linens, flowers, china, and silver, even the champagnes and wines."
It went off without a hitch, the night ending with a fireworks display over the Washington monument.
But the Obama's first state dinner for the Indian prime minister in November 2009 wasn't quite so flawless. The menu was prepared by celebrity chef Marcus Samuelsson. Jennifer Hudson provided the entertainment. The decorations were lush. But it was all overshadowed by news of gate crashers Michaele and Tareq Salahi. They weren't invited but were auditioning for the Real Housewives of D.C. reality show and somehow made it past multiple layers of security to get into the dinner.
"There are cautionary tales from every administration and no one escapes," said Lea Berman, who was White House social secretary in the time of George W. and Laura Bush and is co-author of a book called Treating People Well.
"The first of anything and particularly the first of a state dinner after so long without having one, and this is not the first administration to wait an unusually long time to try a state dinner, makes it a little bit — the stakes are higher, let's say," said Berman of the Macron dinner.
They argued the stakes should be high. Berman said this dinner in particular is important because of the growing friendship between Presidents Trump and Macron and the recent military strikes in Syria, which were conducted by both countries along with the UK.
"You have the president and first lady extending not just their personal hospitality, but American hospitality, and it should reflect the best of what America has to offer," Berman said.
Berman expressed confidence the team in the first lady's office, which includes Bush administration veterans whom they stay in touch with, will be able to pull off the dinner. But there are some things you just can't plan for.
State dinner mishaps
There was the state dinner celebrating the Bicentennial of the United States and honoring the Queen of England. President Ford began to dance with Queen Elizabeth, just as the Marine Band struck up "The Lady Is a Tramp."
"And afterward the social secretary Maria Downs said to the president, 'I was so embarrassed about that sir, do you think they noticed?' And they looked kind of grim and said, 'She noticed,'" Berman said.
It seems the Ford administration may have been star-crossed when it came to state dinners. In October 1975, Johnny Cash was supposed to provide the entertainment for a dinner honoring Egypt's Anwar Sadat.
"You can see from your programs, Johnny Cash was to be our featured guest tonight," President Ford's remarks read. "Unfortunately, this will not be possible."
Instead they introduced Pearl Bailey, a Broadway performer who had provided the entertainment at another state dinner earlier that year and also during the Nixon administration.
Behind the scenes there had been a mad scramble. "At the last minute, literally they day of the event, they had to find a new entertainer," said Berman.
First ladies put their stamp on state dinners
Every modern administration has approached state dinners differently, reflecting the tastes and styles of the first lady at the time. The Eisenhowers used tables connected end-to-end in the shape of a U. But that didn't work for the Kennedys.
"Jackie Kennedy came in and said, 'Look, I want smaller cocktail tables so people can actually talk,'" said Brower.
The Reagans, Clintons and Obamas had more celebrities in attendance than other administrations — though Nancy Reagan preferred small, intimate gatherings, while the Obamas went big often with the dinners held in tents on the South Lawn.
Tuesday night's dinner, said Brower, will be the first chance to see how the Trump's entertain in the people's house.
In a statement, the White House said the first lady carefully selected all details of the dinner to "complement and pay homage to the long-standing friendship between the United States and France."
The menu is meant to pay tribute to American culinary traditions with "nuances of French influences." It begins with a course of goat cheese gateau, tomato jam, buttermilk biscuits and greens from the White House kitchen garden. The main course includes lamb, cipollini soubise and Carolina gold rice jambalaya. To finish it off, the Macrons will be treated to a nectarine tart with crème fraîche ice cream.
The meal will be served on both the Clinton and George W. Bush china, which features a green color palette to complement the green flowers that will be featured in the dining room.
There will also be more than 1,200 branches of cherry blossom, all homegrown in the United States, and more than 2,500 stems of white sweet peas and 1,000 stems of white lilac.
The Kennedy Center's Washington National Opera is expected to perform.
Still, some questions remain: Who made the final guest list? What will Melania Trump wear?
"Melania I mean, God, everyone's going to be watching to see their expression and what she's wearing," said Brower. "We just know nothing about them She's such a cipher."
One possible hint: In 1999 Melania Knauss, then just dating Donald Trump, told the The New York Times that if they and Trump were to wind up in the White House, they would be very traditional — "like Betty Ford or Jackie Kennedy."
Image copyright Google
A 27-year-old man has been arrested after a car was driven into a crowd of people outside a bar in Cardiff, injuring a man.
The arrested man, from Ely, Cambridgeshire, was held at Gatwick Airport and is being transferred to Cardiff for questioning.
The incident happened outside the Miss Jones bar in the Whitchurch area of the city in the early hours Saturday.
As a result of the incident, a 34-year-old man suffered a serious leg injury.
 They are recovering at home following surgery at the University Hospital of Wales, Cardiff.
FORT WORTH, Texas (AP) TCU backup quarterback Foster Sawyer says they are transferring, although they don't say to which school.
They posted a tweet Monday that read ”Thank You TCU!” and included a note that said they would be leaving.
Sawyer played in 12 games the past two seasons. They completed 37 of 82 passes (45 percent) for 433 yards with three touchdowns and four interceptions.
After redshirting in 2014, Sawyer played behind Trevone Boykin in 2015 and Kenny Hill this season. Hill still has another season to play for the Horned Frogs, who finished 6-7 after their loss in the Liberty Bowl.
TAMPA — CC Sabathia, who will throw off a mound Wednesday for the first time since Sept. 29, said they are fully confident their right knee will be up to the task following arthroscopic surgery in October.
“I am ready to go. I have been running on the treadmill at 100 percent,'' the 36-year-old veteran lefty said Tuesday in the clubhouse of George M. Steinbrenner Field, which is undergoing major reconstruction.
At this time last year, Sabathia and Ivan Nova battled until the final week of spring training for the Yankees' fifth rotation spot, which went to Sabathia. Now, Sabathia is considered the No. 2 starter and Nova, dealt to the Pirates in July, returned to Pittsburgh as a free agent.
“I never worried about [competing against Nova],” Sabathia said. “I love Nova, but I didn't worry about that.''
After a disappointing 2015 season, when Sabathia went 6-10 with a 4.73 ERA in 29 starts, the 223-game winner rebounded to post a 9-12 record and 3.91 ERA in 30 starts last year, when they worked 179 ²/₃ innings. It was the most frames Sabathia had hurled since 211 in 2013.
“I will sign up for that,” Sabathia said of duplicating last year's work.
Sabathia is in the final leg of a five-year, $122 million contract and will make $25 million this season. Yet, as long as their large body allows them to pitch, this won't be the end of an outstanding career.
“If I am healthy I will play as long as I can. It depends on being healthy,'' said Sabathia, who has spent time on the disabled list in each of the past five seasons. “I want to play as long as I can.''
Sabathia arrived in camp with a shaved head and a very fine beard they would love to keep, but can't because the Yankees prohibit facial hair below the mouth.
Like everyone else, Sabathia is intrigued with the team's influx of young prospects and especially is looking forward to seeing lefty Justus Sheffield, who came from the Indians in the Andrew Miller trade.
With Didi Gregorius leaving the Yankees to play for the Netherlands in the upcoming World Baseball Classic, highly regarded shortstop prospect Gleyber Torres will get playing time in exhibition games.
“Why not? I have always thought that if you are in camp, whether you are a young player or not, you need to play,'' manager Joe Girardi said. “He is a shortstop and Didi is going away, so there will be some days there.''
Torres, 20, was acquired from the Cubs in the Aroldis Chapman deal in July.
Girardi hasn't told Masahiro Tanaka the news, but it's no surprise the right-hander will be the Yankees' starter against the Rays on Opening Day, April 2. It will be their third straight Opening Day assignment.
“I don't see them not being the Opening Day starter unless something arises,'' Girardi said of the ace right-hander, who went 14-4 with a 3.07 ERA in 31 starts a year ago when they worked 199 ²/₃ innings in the best of their three years as a Yankee.
One year after attempting to make it back to the big leagues with the Yankees, Nick Swisher will be in spring training with the club as a guest instructor.
Swisher, a Yankee from 2009-12, when they batted .268 with an .850 OPS, played in 55 games for Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre last year hoping to get promoted to the Yankees but that didn't happen. They batted .255 with a .674 OPS.
Other guest instructors include Hall of Famers Goose Gossage and Reggie Jackson, as well as Ron Guidry, Willie Randolph, Alex Rodriguez, Hideki Matsui, Lee Mazzilli and Stump Merrill.
Take a look back at the week's biggest stories in the world of arts and entertainment.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Eyewitness Anthony Biscardi recalls the moment a prop collapsed on US rockstar Manson
Rock star Marilyn Manson was injured when they were crushed by a prop during a concert.
The prop - apparently two large guns held together with metal scaffolding - fell as they were performing at New York's Hammerstein Ballroom.
An eyewitness said Manson lay on stage for up to 15 minutes before they were taken to hospital on a stretcher. They have since reassured fans that they are "alive and well on Planet Earth".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Tom Petty was known for their songs American Girl and and Free Fallin'
Tributes flooded in to US rock musician Tom Petty, who died at the age of 66 after suffering a cardiac arrest.
They were best-known for classic tracks like Free Fallin', American Girl and I Won't Back Down.
Bob Dylan said it was "shocking, crushing news", while Brian Wilson described them as "a hell of a songwriter and record-maker".
Image copyright AFP Image caption Kazuo Ishiguro held an audience with reporters in their garden
British author Kazuo Ishiguro won the literary world's most prestigious award, the Nobel Prize for Literature.
But the novelist, whose best-known books include The Remains of the Day and Never Let Me Go, wasn't contacted by the Swedish Academy in advance and wasn't sure whether it was a hoax when a BBC producer phoned them to get their reaction.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption BBC producer Elizabeth Needham-Bennett is the first to tell Kazuo Ishiguro he's won the Nobel Prize
Image copyright Getty Images
Film producer Harvey Weinstein issued an apology after a newspaper reported a number of sexual harassment allegations against him.
The producer of Shakespeare in Love, The King's Speech and other Oscar winners said they regretted their conduct, while pledging to take legal action against the New York Times for its "reckless reporting".
Image copyright Conde Nast Image caption The November edition of Glamour magazine, published this month
The publisher of the UK version of Glamour magazine announced it would no longer be produced monthly and would come out two times a year instead.
The last monthly print edition will be published in November.
Image copyright PA
Heartfelt tributes were paid to Coronation Street actor Liz Dawn at a funeral in Salford Cathedral.
Dawn, who played Vera Duckworth in the ITV soap for more than 30 years, was remembered as a "kind, funny and considerate person" at a service attended by many of their former co-stars.
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Novak Djokovic continued their clay court-season resurgence with another straight-sets win at the French Open, defeating Jaume Munar 7-6 (7-1) 6-4 6-4.
The former world number one has admitted motivation has been an issue during a tough spell in which form and fitness have deserted them - last winning an ATP Tour title at Eastbourne in July - but they pushed clay king Rafael Nadal hard last time out in the Internazionali d'Italia final.
And Djokovic has started well at Roland Garros, following up Monday's triumph over Rogerio Dutra Silva with a hard-fought victory on Court Suzanne Lenglen.
The 20th seed was made to battle for their place in the third round by Munar, with their touches of veteran class required to maintain a bid for their first grand slam title since the 2016 competition.
Nadal had given Munar "practically nil" chance of upsetting Djokovic, but they were in the match from the off and a double fault and an immediate break gave the Serbian work to do.
The response was swift as Djokovic looked to force the issue, moving 4-1 up after a double break, yet Munar stayed in touch with their esteemed opponent and then drew level with a backhand volley at the end of a sensational rally as they rattled off three successive games.
Although Djokovic had far too much quality in a brutal tie-break, they again struggled to shake off the determined 21-year-old in the second set, until a series of pivotal rallies secured the decisive break and then a hold.
Munar still kept pushing in the third, but they volleyed into the net at close quarters to concede another break, allowing Djokovic to see out a testing encounter in under two and a half hours.
The world number 22 will now face Roberto Bautista Agut, another Spaniard, in the third round.
STATISTICAL BREAKDOWN
Djokovic [20] bt Munar 7-6 (7-1) 6-4 6-4
WINNERS/UNFORCED ERRORS
Djokovic – 39/33
Munar – 28/23
ACES/DOUBLE FAULTS
Djokovic – 3/5
Munar – 3/3
BREAK POINTS WON
Djokovic – 5/7
Munar – 3/7
FIRST SERVE PERCENTAGE
Djokovic – 69
Munar – 61
PERCENTAGE OF POINTS WON ON FIRST/SECOND SERVE
Djokovic – 71/60
Munar – 65/44
TOTAL POINTS
Djokovic – 107
Munar – 86
French carmarker PSA Peugeot Citroen said on Tuesday its acquisition of the Opel and Vauxhall brands last year helped drive sales up more than 42 percent in the first quarter.
The car giant said it had seen a growth in sales volume around the world, "with a record 1.05 million cars sold".
As such the company is likely to surpass its expectations of selling four million cars in 2018, as announced by CEO Carlos Tavares in March.
PSA last year became Europe's second biggest carmaker after Volkswagen when it bought Vauxhall and German brand Opel from US giant General Motors.
Sales up more than 42 percent
It said revenue jumped 42.1 percent to 18.2 billion euros from January to March this year.
Excluding last summer's acquisition of Opel Vauxhall, Peugeot, Citroen and premium brand DS saw revenue surge 13.3 percent to 10.2 billion euros in the first quarter.
Tavares had also promised better sales on the Chinese market, which had been PSA's weak spot and where sales had dipped 37 percent last year.
In the first three months of 2018, the company's fortunes in China began to shift, with a slight increase in sales of 1.8 percent.
Of the company's brands, Citroen was the best performing in China, the world's biggest car market, while DS sales dropped nearly 58 percent in the Asian giant.
In Europe, which is by far the company's biggest market, sales jumped 8.7 percent, thanks mainly to Peugeot.
Taking into account the figures for Opel Vauxhall in Europe, sales jumped 65.7 percent to over 770,000 units.
Opel Vauxhall continues to weigh on profitability, however, even as PSA presses on with a major plan to turn around its results.
"Push to Pass strategic plan and Opel Vauxhall turnaround plan are on track to make this strong performance a solid basis for the future," chief financial officer Jean-Baptiste de Chatillon said.
(with AFP)
Local neighborhoods band together for a ciclovia and festival this Sunday
Editor's Note: due to expected inclement weather, the City Celebration & Ciclovia has been postponed to Sunday, October 29th.
This Sunday, people from all around the region are invited to head downtown for one of the biggest block parties the city has ever seen, the Chattanooga City Celebration and Ciclovia.
The block parties will be strung out along a six-mile route with a protected car-free lane to allow everyone to safely enjoy the journey between parties without having to drive, ranging from downtown all the way to Glass Street in east Chattanooga.
“The idea is to give Chattanoogans the opportunity to see the city and its communities in a different light, to interact with others they normally wouldn't interact with,” explains local bicycle and greenways advocate Jim Johnson. “And by making this a biking and walking event, we're encouraging people to get out of their cars and connect with each other in a fun, unique and energizing way.”
The event will run all afternoon and gradually progress from west to east, with each neighborhood party lasting around two hours. Each party will have a unique theme and all of them will have music, food, entertainment and activities.
“We really want the event to be interactive, so we'll have games, dancing, art projects, activities for the kids—anything to get people engaged,” says City Celebration Director Shannon Burke. “We're working hard to pack each party with as much fun stuff as possible to encourage everyone to explore the whole route. And it's all free!”
The first party will be at the Bessie Smith Cultural Center in the MLK Neighborhood from Noon to 2 p.m. and the last party will be on Glass Street in the Boyce Station and Glass Farm neighborhoods from 4 to 7 p.m. In between, there will be block parties in Highland Park, Ridgedale, and Orchard Knob.
But Burke says that it's more than just the parties that make the City Celebration special. “Engaging such a diverse group of people to make this event happen—neighborhood organizations, community activists, non-profit organizations, city leaders—has been a conversation starter to get people talking about these neighborhoods and to get neighbors talking to each other.”
The idea of giving cyclists and pedestrians safe access to public streets for a set period of time started in Bogota, Colombia (hence the Spanish name “ciclovia”) almost 40 years ago when the streets were closed to vehicles on a Sunday in the mid-1970s.
Now, Bogota hosts ciclovias every Sunday with up to two million people joining in—cyclists, runners, skateboarders, skaters, walkers, and people of all backgrounds and abilities. Along the route are free aerobics and dance classes, food carts and trucks, and stages in city parks for live entertainment and music.
Chattanooga's version of a ciclovia will follow that model with activities concentrated at each of the neighborhood block parties.
Currently, ciclovias take place in more than 20 countries, including the United States. At last count there were closes to 50 ciclovia events (also called “open streets”) in cities like Miami, Seattle, San Francisco, New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, and as close as Nashville, Knoxville, and Atlanta.
“This event helps transform our neighborhoods into destinations and making it easier for residents to safely expand their geographic comfort zones,” notes Chattanooga Mayor Andy Berke. “The event also promotes interpersonal connection, getting people out of their cars to enjoy and celebrate the uniqueness of our neighborhoods and the presence of each other”.
For complete event details, visitchattanoogacelebrates.com as well as following @CHACelebrates on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.
The J Show
During an interview at the Grammys, Katy Perry made a sly comment that they are doing OK because they haven't shaved their head. Many pop fans took this as a dis to Britney Spears' 2007 breakdown. So Britney heard about the comment and posted on Instagram with love!
In brief: After a scientist added X and Y nucleotide bases to E. coli bacteria's natural genetic alphabet, the DNA generated new proteins. This is the first time an organism has made proteins using anything other than the natural G, C, A, and T bases.
New, Semi-Synthetic Life
At the core of all life on Earth is the molecule deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA). From the different combinations of DNA's nucleotide bases — adenine (A), cytosine (C), guanine (G), and thymine (T) — come the various genetic expressions of a living being. But what if you could add more letters to this genetic alphabet?
Back in 2014, chemical biologist Floyd Romesberg did just that. They and their team at the Scripps Research Institute in La Jolla, California, expanded the natural genetic alphabet to include an X and a Y in a strain of E.coli bacteria. Now, they've taken that work one step further through a study recently published in the journal Nature.
In this new study, Romesberg and their colleagues demonstrate how their partially synthetic strain of E.coli can process instructions from its additional X and Y nucleotide bases to express new proteins.
“This is the first time ever a cell has translated a protein using something other than G, C, A, or T,” Romesberg told Reuters. “It's the first change to life ever made.”
Creating “Artificial Life?"
Thankfully, Romesberg and their team have no intention of using their research to provoke some kind of explosion of new, hybrid life forms. As Romesberg told Reuters, their X and Y nucleotide bases can't bond with DNA's natural bases, nor can these semi-synthetic organisms (SSOs) survive outside a laboratory setting. “They can't escape,” Romesberg said. “There's no Jurassic Park scenario.”
Still, as University of Waterloo associate professor Brian Ingalls told Futurism, we must be cautious when dealing with the manipulation of life.
“Based on our knowledge of how life works (at the molecular level and above), it's not worthwhile to attempt a distinction between ‘natural' and ‘artificial',” they said. “We can, however, distinguish ‘new' from ‘old,' and there we should be concerned about the potential for new organisms to disrupt existing ecosystems.”
As Ingalls noted, Romesberg's study is designed in such a way as to prevent such disruption. “New organisms whose molecular mechanisms are sufficiently different from (known) biochemistry are far less likely to interact in unpredictable ways with existing organisms,” they said.
So, Romesberg's semi-synthetic organisms are unlikely to disrupt existing life on Earth, but could they impact the development of organic artificial intelligence (AI), for example, robots with partially biological bodies?
“What we have now is an SSO that stores and retrieves increased information. What one does with the increased information is the question,” Romesberg told Futurism. “If one can develop a genetic AI, then I guess that the SSO could be used house it. The increased information and types of possible proteins available could be useful.”
Our Bodies and Our World
Beyond the visions of semi-organic robots or real-life Jurassic Parks are the many far more realistic applications for Romesberg's semi-synthetic organisms. As Ingalls noted, they could help us solve many of humanity's biggest problems in health, agriculture, manufacturing, and a variety of other arenas.
The most immediate application for Romesberg's work is the development of novel protein-based drug treatments. As they told Reuters, many of the proteins that are attractive for drug treatments are quickly flushed out the body by our kidneys. Their semi-synthetic DNA could be used to create proteins bearing fat molecules that would prevent this quick removal.
Beyond our bodies, these semi-synthetic organisms could be used to improve the health of our environment.
“Our long term interest is not getting bacteria and other cells to make proteins for us, but rather to see if we can get the cells to use [the proteins] themselves to gain new functions or attributes,” Romesberg told Futurism. “For example, could we give bacteria proteins that allow them to break down certain hydrocarbons that we could then use to clean up oil spills?”
Generally speaking, researchers could program these proteins to give cells some new advantages under certain conditions, said Romesberg. In this way, they could prompt evolution to find new solutions to adapt to outside circumstances.
Romesberg's team plans to continue pushing their research on semi-synthetic organisms to new levels. They hope to expand the genetic alphabet of cells from organisms more complex than E.coli, such as yeast or humans, and they're also starting to consider doing the same for an intact organism, such as C. elegans worms, they told Futurism.
(AP Photo/Bill Sikes). U.S. distance runners Galen Rupp, left front, Jared Ward, center, and Desiree Linden depart after a Boston Marathon media availability Friday, April 14, 2017, in advance of Monday's race in Boston.
(AP Photo/Bill Sikes). Top-seeded distance runners Atsede Baysa, left, and Lemi Berhanu Hayle, both of Ethiopia, participate in a Boston Marathon media availability Friday, April 14, 2017, in advance of Monday's race in Boston.
(AP Photo/Bill Sikes). Top-seeded distance runner Lemi Berhanu Hayle, of Ethiopia, participates in a Boston Marathon media availability Friday, April 14, 2017, in advance of Monday's race in Boston.
(AP Photo/Bill Sikes). Top-seeded distance runner Atsede Baysa, of Ethiopia, participates in a Boston Marathon media availability Friday, April 14, 2017, in advance of Monday's race in Boston.
(AP Photo/Bill Sikes). U.S. distance runner Meb Keflezighi waves during a Boston Marathon media availability Friday, April 14, 2017 in Boston. Keflezighi has said he'll retire after running in Monday's race and the TCS New York City Marathon in November.
By JIMMY GOLENAP Sports Writer
BOSTON (AP) - The Kenyans are back in Boston after a relative lull that saw them shut out in the world's most prestigious marathon twice in the past three years.
More surprisingly, so are the Americans.
Geoffrey Kirui won the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday, pulling away from three-time U.S. Olympian Galen Rupp with two miles to go to give Kenya its first men's victory in five years. Edna Kiplagat won the women's race to complete the Kenyan sweep.
They were followed closely by Americans who grabbed two of the top four women's spots and six of the top ten for men - the first time that's happened since the race went professional in 1986.
"It's so exciting to see Americans being competitive here," said Rupp, the Olympic bronze medalist who was making their Boston debut. "It's a real exciting time. And it's awesome to see American distance running on the upswing and being competitive in these races."
Kirui finished in 2 hours, 9 minutes, 37 seconds to claim a silver trophy, a guilded olive wreath from Marathon, Greece, and the $150,000 first-place prize. Rupp was 21 seconds back, and Japan's Suguru Osako an additional 30 seconds behind him.
Rounding out the top 10 were runners from California, Arizona, Colorado, Oregon and Utah.
Kiplagat won their Boston debut in 2:21:52, adding the victory to two world championships and wins in London, New York and Los Angeles. They pulled ahead of Rose Chelimo of Bahrain in the Newton hills to win by 59 seconds.
American Jordan Hasay, making their debut at the 26.2-mile distance, was third and Desi Linden was fourth - the first time since 1991 that two U.S. women have finished in the top four.
Kenya had won either the men's or women's race every year since 1991 before being shut out in 2014 and again last year. In fact, Kenya had taken both titles six times since 2000, so dominating the top 10 that Boylston Street began to look like a Great Rift Valley training run.
But Ethiopia has surpassed its East African neighbors on Patriots' Day the past four years, earning its first sweep in 2016. In December, Kenyan Rita Jeptoo was stripped of their title for failing a drug test and it was handed instead to Ethiopia's Buzunesh Deba.
The American drought reached almost three decades from the time Lisa Larsen-Weidenbach won in 1985 until Meb Keflezighi ran down Boylston Street to raucous chants of "U-S-A!" in 2014, the year after the finish line bombings killed three people and wounded more than 260 others.
Keflezighi, 41, finished 13th this year in what they said will be their last competitive run in Boston. They plan to run the New York Marathon, which they won in 2009, one last time in the fall before retiring.
The warm temperatures that hit 79 degrees at the 20-kilometer mark in Natick slowed the runners, but the strong tailwind was a boost - especially in the wheelchair races.
Marcel Hug won Boston for the third time, outpushing 10-time champion Ernst Van Dyk down Boylston Street and finishing in 1:18:04 to beat the course record and world best by 21 seconds. Fellow Swiss Manuela Schar shattered the women's mark by more than five minutes, winning in 1:28:17.
The winners' times on the point-to-point Boston course are considered a world best and not a world record because of the possibility of a supportive tailwind like the one on Monday.
"The wind is so important," Hug said. "The roads were good. Everything was fantastic today."
Earlier Monday, city officials announced plans for memorials to mark the sites where two bombs exploded during the 2013 Boston Marathon. Sculptor Pablo Eduardo will create the markers.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
There already have been more than a dozen reasons U.S. consumers can use to avoid paying the penalty for not having health insurance. Now the federal government has added four more.
These "hardship exemptions" let people off the hook if they can't find a marketplace plan that meets not only their coverage needs but also reflects their view if they are opposed to abortion.
It's unclear how significant the impact will be, policy analysts say. That's because starting in tax year 2019 the penalty for not having health insurance will be eliminated, so the new exemptions will mostly apply to penalty payments for 2018 taxes and in the previous two years.
"I think the exemptions ... may very marginally increase the number of healthy people who don't buy health insurance on the individual market," says Timothy Jost, emeritus professor of law at Washington and Lee University in Virginia, whose specialty is health law.
Under the new rules, people can apply for a hardship exemption that excuses them from having to have health insurance if they:
Live in an area where there are no marketplace plans.
Live in an area where there is just one insurer selling marketplace plans.
Can't find an affordable marketplace plan that doesn't cover abortion.
Experience "personal circumstances" that make it difficult for them to buy a marketplace plan, including not being able to find a plan in their area that gives them access to specialty care they need.
The first new exemption isn't relevant for consumers in 2018. Since the Affordable Care Act's marketplaces opened, there have been no "bare" counties that lack insurers.
However, in about half of the U.S. counties — in which 26 percent of enrollees live — there is only one marketplace insurer this year, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
As for the abortion exemption, in many places it won't be an issue either. Women in 31 states didn't have access to a marketplace plan that covered abortion in 2016, according to another Kaiser Family Foundation analysis.
Still, a few states — California, New York and Oregon — generally require abortion coverage in their marketplace plans, and women who live there might have trouble finding a plan that excludes that coverage, according to people who have studied the situation.
From its inception, the ACA has allowed several different types of exemptions from the penalty for not having coverage. Among them are exemptions for not being able to find coverage that is considered affordable or being without insurance for less than three consecutive months in a year.
People claim these more common exemptions when they file their tax returns.
In addition, hardship exemptions that were already on the books protected people who faced eviction, had filed for bankruptcy or had racked up medical debt, among other difficulties. Consumers apply for these exemptions by submitting an application to the ACA insurance marketplace.
The new hardship exemptions apply to people in all 50 states, according to an official at the federal Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, which oversees the health law's insurance marketplaces. To apply, people generally need to provide a brief explanation of the circumstances that made it a hardship for them to buy a marketplace plan, along with any available documentation, when they submit their application to marketplace officials. They can apply for the current calendar year or going back two years, to 2016.
It's difficult to gauge how many people will try to take advantage of the changes, says Tara Straw, a senior policy analyst at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities.
"People aren't sure how to apply, or if they're eligible, and that discourages them from applying," Straw says.
The penalty for not having health insurance in 2018 is the greatest of $695 or 2.5 percent of household income.
During the 2017 filing season, there were more than 106 million tax returns reporting that all family members had health insurance, and nearly 11 million tax returns that claimed an exemption from the requirement to have it, according to a report from the Treasury Department's inspector general for tax administration.
In addition, more than 4 million returns reported paying penalties totaling nearly $3 billion for not having health insurance.
People often don't realize they may owe a penalty until it's time to do their taxes, says Alison Flores, a principal tax research analyst at H&R Block's Tax Institute. H&R tax preparers first check to see if clients can qualify for an exemption that can be claimed on their tax returns, Flores says. If that doesn't work, they move on to the hardship exemptions.
The preparers help people get the hardship exemption application, but it's up to consumers to send it to the marketplace and get the exemption certificate.
The federal guidance about the new exemptions was released April 9, shortly before the end of the income tax filing season. People who've already filed their taxes and qualify for the new exemptions for tax years 2016 or 2017 and get marketplace approval can file an amended tax return to receive a refund of any penalty they paid, says Katie Keith, a health policy consultant who writes regularly about health reform.
"You have to really be motivated," Keith says.
Kaiser Health News is an editorially independent news service that is part of the nonpartisan Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation. Michelle Andrews is on Twitter @mandrews110.
Why it matters to you The 2.4 million mark exceeds the original 2 million shipment plans, suggesting that Nintendo had an inkling that the Switch was going to surpass expectations.
Last week, we learned that the Switch had the biggest launch in Nintendo's history. Just how successful was its launch? Well, according to independent games research group Superdata, the Switch sold 2.4 million units worldwide in its first month on the market.
The new figure suggested that sales cooled in the latter half of the month. Superdata had previously claimed that Nintendo had moved 1.5 million units in the first two weeks after launch. However, the discrepancy was almost undoubtedly attributed to stock scarcity, as the console remains an elusive commodity more than a month after hitting stores.
Superdata's numbers align with the general consensus that the console has exceeded expectations. Leading up to the system's launch, Nintendo had stated that it would ship 2 million units worldwide throughout March. Instead, Nintendo has reportedly shipped and sold 400,000 more than the planned allotment.
Following the report, Superdata drastically changed its 2017 Switch sales projections from 5 million to 7.2 million units.
If Superdata's forecast is accurate, then Nintendo will be prepared to meet those numbers. In mid-March, Nintendo announced that it was doubling first year Switch manufacturing from 8 million to 16 million units. At that time, Nintendo believed that the console could reach 10 million in sales throughout its first full year. It's important to note that Superdata's 7.2 million figure is in regards to the calendar year, whereas Nintendo's 10 million projection runs through March 31, 2018, the end of Nintendo's 2017 fiscal year.
Although Superdata has a reputation for accuracy, we'll have to wait until we hear from Nintendo to see just how well the Switch is performing. Nintendo is expected to reveal official worldwide numbers in its fiscal year earnings report later this week.
Last week, Nintendo revealed that it had sold 906,000 Switch consoles in the United States alone throughout March. The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild on Switch outperformed, rather bafflingly, console sales by 19,000 units.
Contracts will result in more than a million smart meters being rolled out across Australia and New Zealand
The Clean Energy Finance Corp (CEFC) has pumped $35 million in debt funding into smart meter technology provider intelliHUB.
intelliHUB is a joint venture between Pacific Equity Partners and global smart meter company Landis+Gyr, which is acquiring Acumen, Origin Energy's $267 million smart meter business unit.
The CEFC investment is part of a debt finance package to support the Acumen acquisition and intelliHUB's growth plans. The CEFC is a Government-owned 'green bank' that was established to facilitate increased flows of finance into the clean energy sector.
Acumen has already installed 170,000 smart meters for Origin customers and this is expected to grow as ‘power of choice' reforms are rolled out. These reforms, introduced last December, require all new and replacement electricity meters to use smart technology to give consumers more control over their energy use.
The joint venture has long term contracts with Origin Energy and other retailers that it says will result in the rollout and management of more than a million smart meters across Australia and New Zealand.
This investment is the latest in the grid and storage technology space following equity investments in Greensync, Redback, Relectrify and Thinxtra. The CEFC has also provided finance to Lincoln Gap Wind farm in South Australia, DeGrussa Mine in WA and Kennedy Energy Park in QLD, which all have a battery storage component.
CEFC CEO Ian Learmonth said smart meters give energy consumers better control over their consumption, which is essential for lowering carbon emissions.
“They also give consumers the ability to better understand where and how they can benefit from behind-the-meter solar photovoltaic and energy storage solutions,” they said.
“Electricity is one of the largest sources of emissions for Australia. It's essential that we address this by acting right across the energy market. This includes investing in more renewable energy as well as implementing a range of proven measures to lower day-to-day energy consumption.”
CEFC grid solutions and storage lead, Simon Brooker added that there are around 9 million metering points in the national electricity market and by accelerating their conversion to smarter technologies, consumers will benefit from more meaningful information relating to their energy consumption.
“These customers will be better informed when considering investment in solar and storage solutions by matching system specifications to actual consumption patterns. Through improved data provision, electricity network operators will be able to harness greater insights to enable the smoother operation of the energy grid – facilitating improved integration of renewables and energy storage,” Learmouth said.
Follow CIO Australia on Twitter and Like us on Facebook… Twitter: @CIO_Australia, Facebook: CIO Australia, or take part in the CIO conversation on LinkedIn: CIO Australia
Follow Byron Connolly on Twitter: @ByronConnolly
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
A Giancarlo Stanton destination that should terrify 28 MLB teams ORLANDO Fla. — I played a game with a few executives when it came to Giancarlo Stanton — forget about where they want to go (since they have a no-trade...
David Wright is proud of the newest star from their baseball hotbed LOS ANGELES — David Wright, proud Virginian and old-school guy at heart, has known about Chris Taylor for a while now. Because, bless him, they still read newspapers. “There is...
The 13 worst free-agent signings in MLB history It's free agency — the money is flying around and everyone wants to land that big player who could help their team get over the hump next year. It's all...
Braves, Padres double-down with shocking Kimbrel blockbuster No team went into rebuild mode during the offseason more than the Braves. None did more to try to construct a contender than the Padres. Right up to the dawn...
Dominating NL East punching bags could be Mets' playoff edge LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — The NL East currently exists on three tiers. The Nationals are the powerhouse. The Mets and Marlins are the rising contenders. The Braves and Phillies...
Red Sox in middle of MLB's most explosive trade scenarios The Red Sox are rewriting one of baseball's adages, deciding you could never have enough outfielders. Maybe that stockpile will end up helping them have enough pitching. A lot of...
Why B.J. Upton no longer wants to be called B.J. Upton Don't call me B.J. The center fielder known as B.J. Upton through their first 11 major league seasons with Rays and Braves is now listed as Melvin Upton Jr. on the Atlanta...
How Royals' magical roster nearly got a July shakeup The Royals signed Alex Rios recently to a one-year, $11 million contract. But they actually first worked out a deal for them last July. At that time, Texas and Kansas...
Braves moving Evan Gattis to left -- here comes the domino effect PHOENIX – Braves general manager John Hart said the club intends to take Evan Gattis out from behind the plate and play them full time in left field as a...
Banbridge's Chris Burns - in their final event of the year - missed out on bronze success.
Burns produced a strong performance in England at the UCI C1 International Track Event.
They managed to qualify for the bronze medal ride-off in the 3km pursuit race and faced David Smith of Great Britain.
The ride-off was extremely close and Smith beat Burns by a mere second.
Burns had three events over the weekend.
The 1km Time Trial was held on the Friday evening and Burns achieved a time of 1:17.945, coming third overall in theirs category.
On Sunday, Burns rode their first scratch race and ended up coming ninth in the field.
The Manchester Velodrome experience has provided Burns with extra confidence to compete at the very highest international level.
BRENTWOOD, Mo. (AP) - Around 400 students at a suburban St. Louis school got part of the day off Friday after a 9-foot-long boa constrictor wriggled out of their aquarium, setting off a frantic search.
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that a teacher alerted officials at Brentwood high and middle schools of the escape around 10 a.m. The 70-pound snake went missing from an enclosure in a biology class. Students were sent home a short time later.
A broken hinge on the enclosure was blamed on the escape. The snake was found beneath the floor, wrapped around pipes. The ceramic floor was ripped up to retrieve them
A biology teacher adopted the snake years ago and kept them at school. When they retired they left the snake for the school to keep.
___
Information from: St. Louis Post-Dispatch, http://www.stltoday.com
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
2017 has certainly started with a bang for Nottingham Forest, following the news that Henri Lansbury could be off to Derby County.
Lansbury is a colourful character who divides opinion among Forest fans, a kind of Marmite player if you will.
It's no secret that I have a love/hate perspective of the lad, they go from the sublime to the ridiculous and there is never a dull moment when he's around.
The only surprising element of this latest transfer rumour is that it doesn't involve Burnley; but there is a touch of “Groundhog Day” about it all.
Every time the midfielder's contract is almost up, they seem to apply themselves a bit more than usual, application is the key word here for me. The marathon of televised games has highlighted Lansbury's talents and he's certainly put themselves in the window once more.
Before anyone thinks that I'm going to give them a major dressing down, let it be said that when they do apply himself, he's certainly got the quality to back it up.
For the record, they have more ability in their right toe than I ever did with both feet, they can certainly play. Our stats without them in the side are compelling too, only one win in eight is undeniable proof of worth.
There lies my frustration with him, I want them to play the shop window, come and get me game, all season long.
Some fans just despise them whilst others think they can do no wrong; if I haven't made myself clear, I'm somewhere in the middle.
The fact that the interested party are Derby makes the whole saga more controversial, it's a real tinder box situation.
It's nothing new though is it? There was talk of the Rams tabling an offer for Britt Assombalonga a while back and how could we forget the greed of Chris Commons as they sold their soul for thirty pieces of silver. Nathan Tyson is another red that went on to play for the Rams, this after antagonising their supporters with the red flag flying high, following a fiery victory in 2009.
Derby County's initial bid of £2.5m has just been rejected by Nottingham Forest but this could open the door for Watford, and a chance of Premier League football for Henri Lansbury.
There's also the possibility of an improved offer from the Rams which could trigger a price war of sorts, something that may appeal to Fawaz.
This creates even more intrigue because NFFC are supposedly going through a takeover; which could be one of the longest in football history if continues to drag on.
At first I thought that Mr Al-Hasawi was deliberately prolonging the takeover to encompass the January transfer window; a parting shot and another way of recouping some of the squandered family silver.
Which was exactly the motive behind the disgraceful sale of Oliver Burke, the thought of which still makes me sick to the stomach.
However; if what we're led to believe is true, Fawaz is going to retain twenty percent of the club so it may not be a cut and run job.
There are so many facets to this bizarre set of circumstances, some people will vent their frustrations at Fawaz, whilst others will undoubtedly vilify the player in question. For the most part in football, you are basically a pawn on the chairperson's, guild edged chess board.
In layperson's terms, they can sell you to whoever they want, for how much they like and without your approval. That would ultimately divert any cruel intentions away from the player in question, but when it involves Derby and Forest there is contrary to that theory.
In 2011 Derby County showed interest in signing Forest's French midfielder Guy Moussi; a scenario that is almost identical to the current one involving Lansbury.
At the time Moussi was also 26 years of age, had offers from the Premier League and was nearing the end of their contract.
The Moose endeared themselves to the Red's supporters instantaneously by publicly voicing their opinion on the possibility of joining our arch rivals.
Moussi told BBC Radio Nottingham “I don't want to be rude but I could not have gone to Derby.
It was impossible!” Regardless of whether you're a Lansbury lover or loather, wouldn't it be fantastic to hear such words from the Londoner at this moment in time?
There's another cynical way of looking at the attempted Ram raid for Lansbury; could it just be mind games by the club at the wrong end of Brian Clough way? After all, they have very talented players of their own, especially in the midfield.
I hate to admit it but Will Hughes ran the show against us in the recent defeat at the PRO and would be a hard man to displace in Steve McLaren's side. However; Hughes themselves is reportedly being touted by Premier League clubs and could be the very man to replace, should they be sold in January.
There's a whirlwind of scenarios to comprehend regarding this whole story, and it's the last thing us Trickies need to hear just hours into the new year. Lansbury is a very similar character to Kris Commons and Lewis McGugan in my eyes and if I could sum them up in one word it would be “Enigma”.
The other two players I've just mentioned never really fulfilled their potential after leaving Forest, although you could argue the Champions League case for Commons at Celtic. Only Henri Lansbury knows if it's time to hit the road; but it must not be the A52!
A sneak peek of what your role would involve
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A job recruitment agency is making a desperate appeal to Reading hunks.
According to Butlers with Bums and Adonis Unzipped, there is a shortage of male strippers, life drawing models and buff butlers.
With the supply of lust-worthy men lacking, both businesses are looking to recruit 'good-looking, confident and muscly men' to entertain women on hen dos.
Life drawing models are also in demand as artists are having difficulty finding nude men to sketch.
Looking for a job? For all the latest on employment opportunities in you area, visit Fish4Jobs.
Director of Butlers with Bums and former butler, Dan Harley, said: "We have a lot of demand for our buff butlers across the UK for hen dos, birthday parties and corporate events, but the shortage has taken a toll on specific areas.
"We would definitely like to see more gym enthusiasts and fitness fads getting involved with butlering and life drawing."
What does the role involve?
Butlers with Bums
To fit the criteria for Butlers with Bums, applicants must be an "attractive guy from 23 to 40 years old."
The role will involve meeting and mingling with guests, playing party games and serving drinks and canapés.
The butlers will be required to wear a signature attire, consisting of just an apron revealing the bum, collar, cuffs and a bow tie.
Like butlers, life drawing models need to have a confident personality as well as being in good shape.
Adonis Unzipped
Not only have strippers and male performers become increasingly popular with hen parties,but so have male cabaret shows such as Adonis.
Former actor and performer, Tristan Mills, who runs the Adonis Cabaret said: "With the 20th anniversary of Adonis this year, we hope to expand our shows and recruit many more guys.
"The fitness fad that is going at the moment should mean there are plenty of men around who look after themselves and are body conscious."
Every show involves new routines and choreographed acts, from the dazzling drag queen host to the Adonis strippers.
Will Grote, one of the two latest victims in what are believed to be serial Austin bombings, is the son of an administrator at the Texas Department of Agriculture.
Will Grote – the son of William “Butch” Grote – and Colton Mathis were named as the men who suffered significant injuries when an explosive device activated by a “tripwire” went off as they walked with a bicycle along a busy Austin roadway. Reporter Sean Collins Walsh of the Austin American-Statesman first reported the men's identities. The men were in stable condition after the blast, according to the Austin police chief. The Austin bombings now number four, all in March 2018, and earlier blasts killed two men – Draylen Mason and Anthony House – and injured two other people.
Authorities have not yet confirmed the identifies of Grote and Mathis, but Grote's grandfather confirmed Will Grote was among the victims to the Associated Press.
Family friend of the bombing victims from last night just confirmed to me that they are Will Grote and Colton Mathis #AustinBombings — Sean Walsh (@sbcmw) March 19, 2018
A reward for information leading to the bomber or bombers' apprehension has reached $115,000. The bombings – which have drawn parallels to the Unabomber by some – have terrified the Texas community, especially as the bomber has shifted methods from package bombs left unattended at people's homes to a tripwire.
Here's what you need to know:
1. Will Grote's Dad Has Held a Variety of Important State Jobs
On their LinkedIn page, Will Grote's dad wrote, “I'm an energetic and educated professional wanting to help infuse your company with a fresh new perspective and ideas that stem from strong team building, analytical, management, people and general business skills that I can effectively apply to your company in an effort to help you achieve your goals and objectives.”
In their role as chief information officer with the Department of Agriculture, the father “provides leadership for the agency's technology roadmap, management of information technology services, automation systems, systems architecture, security, disaster recovery, business continuity, applications development, analysis, design and technology operations.” He's held the position for almost three years. Their other duties with the agency include setting the agency's “strategic plan, manage and set standards for the agency's IT budget, goals and policies.”
William Grote, the dad, was previously operations manager for the Texas Facilities Commission, a District Vice Chairman for the Boy Scouts of America, a business and systems analyst for the State Department of Transportation, and president and owner of WAG Consulting. The latter job was described on their LinkedIn page as “I've had a successful software, hardware and network consulting company for the past 18 years, serving many companies and state agencies in the greater Austin area.”
2. Will Grote & Colton Mathis Were Injured When They Detonated a Tripwire Device
A “tripwire” next to a fence was used by what authorities now suspect is a “serial bomber” to set off the fourth explosion that injured Grote and Mathis in Austin, Texas on March 18, 2018.
In a series of news conferences, the Austin police chief said the two men were either riding or pushing bicycles on the sidewalk. In the other three March 2018 explosions, people picked up packages that exploded. A tripwire is a wire that activates a device when someone comes into contact with it, such as tripping on it, authorities said. They said that Grote and Mathos were “Anglo males” ages 22 and 23 who are in stable condition but suffered significant injuries. The two men who died in the previous blasts were African-American from prominent families.
The tripwire angle means the bomber, if it is indeed the same person, has shifted tactics in a way that seems random.
In a press conference held at 1:30 a.m. on March 19, the police chief had first broached the possibility of a tripwire, saying, “We have a safety message we want to get out to our community… there have been reports in the media that this device was triggered by a tripwire, and we are here to say that is a possibility. We understand that those reports are out there, and it is very possible that this device was activated by someone either handling, kicking or coming in contact with a trip wire that activated the device. So that changes things in that our safety message to this point has been about the handling of packages…we now need the community to have an extra level of vigilance and pay attention to any suspicious device whether it be a package, a bag, a backpack, anything that looks out of place, and do not approach it.”
The latest bombing injured two men in their 20s, emergency management officials confirmed. “FINAL: Critical Incident @ 4800blk Dawn Song Dr (correct incident address), Only 1 incident location has been confirmed. #ATCEMSMedics have transported X2 ~20's Males to SAMC w/serious, but not expected to be life-threatening injuries. Refer all inquires to @Austin_Police,” wrote Austin-Travis County EMS on Twitter of the second bombing on March 18.
The county EMS initially reported another explosion on Eagle Feather Drive. However, it later turned out that this explosion was believed to be the same as the first one.
3. The Two Deceased Victims Were Members of Prominent African-American Families in Austin
Grote and Mathis represent a new victimology for the attacker. The previous victims were ethnic minorities, leading some to argue the bombings are a hate crime. Authorities said they still have not ruled that in or out. The same is true of a terrorism motive.
The first bombs arrived in cardboard packages and exploded when they were opened. “What caused this in these instances was a suspicious package that no one was suspecting or expecting,” Austin Mayor Steve Adler said before the latest blast.
Anthony Stephan House died when a package arrived at their home and exploded on March 2. They were the first victim of the bomber. House, 39, lived in the Harris Ridge neighborhood of Austin, Texas. A package arrived at their home in the early morning hours, and it contained a device that exploded when the package was opened. House was the married father of a young child.
Luisa, please share about my friend, Anthony Stephan House, who was the victim of the 1st #AustinBombing. They were a husband, a father, a son, a brother, and a driven professional whose life was snuffed out too soon. #SayHisName #BlackLivesMatter pic.twitter.com/ay2TNWcgwv — ❄️Space Force Captain Tiffany❄️ (@tiffanyclay) March 19, 2018
House graduated from Texas State University – San Marcos in 2008. They obtained a bachelor of business administration from the university. According to their Facebook page, House worked as a senior project manager at Texas Quarries, a company that supplies Texas limestone to clients all over the United States. According to their LinkedIn page, they had worked on projects for companies including Toyota One north American Headquarters, UT Education and engineering School, and UT Robert Rowlin Hall.
Draylen Mason, 17, brilliant musician, was "like the light in a Rembrandt painting" their former music director said. Mason died 10 days after Anthony Stephan House was killed in another Austin bombing. Hunt the killer or killers down. Find them. Somebody knows. #AustinBombings pic.twitter.com/4BPJvviOAS — John Kass (@John_Kass) March 13, 2018
Draylen Mason, 17, was the second victim to die in the package bombs that were delivered to Austin homes. “Mason was killed Monday morning when a package exploded in the kitchen of their Austin home as it was being opened. Their mother is in stable condition,” CNN reported. Mason was a talented musician.
According to their Facebook page, they were a Bassist at Interlochen Center for the Arts, Principal Double Bass at Austin Youth Orchestra, and Principal Bassist at Austin Soundwaves. They went to East Austin College Prep and was from Austin, Texas.
Mason and House were prominent members of Austin's African-American community. An unidentified woman of Hispanic heritage was also wounded in another blast. Before March 18, there were three explosions, two dead and two injured.
4. Grote's Grandpa Says the Victims Were ‘Bleeding Profusely' & Nails Exploded Out of the Device
The grandfather of Will Grote, who is also named William Grote, told the Associated Press that “the blast left what appeared to be nails stuck below their grandson's knees.”
Grote told AP that their grandson “was cognizant but still in a lot of pain while remaining hospitalized. Grote says one of the two was on the sidewalk and the other riding a bike in the street when the blast occurred, knocking “them both off their feet,” and causing profuse bleeding, AP reports.
5. Police Suspect the Bombings Are Related
Authorities say that they've seen the bomber's or bombers' hallmarks present in all of the devices, but the attacker is growing in sophistication with the Grote and Mathis attack. “We have seen similarities” between the most recent device and the three earlier explosions, the police chief, Brian Hanley, said in a March 19 news conference. “The big difference in this device is that we believe a tripwire was used in this device,” the police chief said. “The believe that we are dealing with someone using tripwires shows a higher level of sophistication and a high level of skill.” They aren't clear whether it's terrorism or hate crime related or whether the bomber has another motive.
Update on explosion investigation with Chief Manley https://t.co/uMdIGx03Aj — Austin Police Dept (@Austin_Police) March 19, 2018
The police chief also said that school buses wouldn't be sent into the neighborhood where the latest device was found on the morning after the latest attack. Police are also asking residents in the area around the blast to stay in their homes on Monday morning, March 19, until 10 a.m., while police work to clear the area. People with emergencies who need to leave their residences are asked to call 911.
“We're working on the belief they're connected,” the chief said when asked whether the latest explosion was related to the other three that have terrorized Austin. However, they said laboratory tests will be needed to confirm that. The chief also confirmed that the explosion was from a “bomb.” When asked whether nails were used, they said, “These explosions are using different projectiles.”
“Be aware…we've got trip wires there in the grass. They're going to…pull them back. We've got some more stuff active right there,” an officer says at one point to dispatchers. You can listen to that moment in the scanner here. It comes at about 6:45 in.
On March 12, another explosion “severely wounded a 75-year-old Hispanic woman. Them name has not been released. They were in critical condition,” CNN reported. They were the third victim. The woman found a mysterious package left outside their home. They picked it up and it exploded before they opened it, according to The Los Angeles Times.
You can learn more about House and Mason here:
Cities and towns across the drought-stricken western US are skipping Fourth of July fireworks because of fears they could spark wildfires.
But that's not keeping these communities from being lit for the holiday.
Instead of fireworks, municipalities in California, Arizona and Colorado will illuminate the night skies with drones equipped with LED lights.
Officials made the switch amid concerns that fireworks mixed with high temperatures, dry air and windy conditions pose too big a threat to areas already being ravaged by wildfires.
Multiple Arizona towns, including Carefree and Cave Creek, will hold light shows using 30 airborne drones, CNN affiliate KNXV reported.
And in Aspen, Colorado, as many as 60 custom-made drones will light up the mountain setting for an expected audience of thousands.
Deb Braun heads the Aspen Chamber Resort Association, which organized the show. Aspen didn't have fireworks last year because of poor conditions, so this year had to be different, they said.
“In a beautiful resort town like Aspen — where people have been coming for the Fourth of July for years — it's a special feeling, and to end with fireworks really solidifies that,” they said.
How the drones work
Intel's drones are large LED lights strapped with propellers and sensors.
The equipment is controlled by computer software that decides where they fly and which ones are lit up at a given time.
Each drone communicates individually with the main computer, and GPS and precision flying keep drones from bumping into each other, KTXL reported.
The drones themselves are very small — weighing in at under a pound — but come with a big inventory. Each can create over 4 billion color combinations, according to Intel.
But just like their sparkling alternative, drones need certain conditions for the show to go on.
A 500-drone Fourth of July show at Travis Air Force Base in Fairfield, California, was postponed because of high winds, Intel spokesperson Jason Farrell told CNN Wednesday. The show will now take place on July 5, weather permitting.
And if there's too much wind or rain, tonight's show in Aspen also will get postponed, Braun told CNN.
“It'll be a nail-biter until the very end,” Braun said. “Fingers crossed, it'll be a fabulous show.”
They've been used for light shows before
This Fourth of July won't mark the first appearance for LED-lit drones.
The little aircraft made an appearance in a record-breaking display at the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea.
Over 1,200 of the machines put on a pre-recorded light show that created images of a snowboarder and the Olympic rings in the sky.
Lady Gaga's 2017 Super Bowl halftime show also featured hundreds of lit-up drones.
Aspen's Braun thinks they'll continue to get used in the future. They might even replace fireworks, they said.
“I think this could be the new norm,” they said.
Monopoly Man became the Internet crush of the day on Wednesday, after upstaging former Equifax CEO Richard Smith at a Senate hearing on the company's massive data breach.
The board game character, whose name is Rich Uncle Pennybags, was brought to life by Amanda Werner, an arbitration campaign manager for Public Citizen and Americans for Financial Reform, groups that advocate for consumer rights and protections.
Almost immediately, the monocle, mustache, top hat, pillow case-sized bag of (#fake) Benjamins became a social media sensation.
The most unlikely viewers tuned in to the Senate Banking Committee hearing to watch Werner troll Smith, who was facing a roomful of angry senators after a hack that may have exposed the personal information of more than 145 million people.
People loved it.
"It was a very calculated move," said Werner, who prefers the pronouns "they" and "them," adding that it was hilarious to watch the scene become a meme in real time.
Werner mugged and preened for the camera and somehow, in a week dominated by sad and distressing news, gave people what they didn't know they wanted: a delightful reprieve.
Here's how Werner staged the viral protest — without getting kicked thrown out of the Capitol.
An alarm and an intern
Werner has attended a slew of Senate hearings and has even provided pro-consumer rights testimony in some cases. That is how the activist knew that getting on TV is all about location, and staying within the camera's frame.
The problem is that seats in the audience tend to fill up quickly, Werner explained.
"Luckily we have a very dedicated intern here," Werner said. "He showed up at 7 a.m. and held a spot in line for me so that we could get that prime seat." The one directly behind Smith, who was the target of the grilling.
Apparently, the intern was the first person in line.
During the hearing, Werner followed #MonopolyMan's rise to stardom in real time on a phone. Over Twitter Werner was able to figure out the best angles as their head floated in and out of the camera's view — at one point Werner peered over Smith's shoulder using the monocle to inspect the back of the millionaire's head; at another point they knowingly stroked the perfectly shaped mustache glued to their face.
Honed tone
Werner set out to garner as much publicity as possible for the type of advocacy work Public Citizen does on behalf of consumers.
"We wanted to do something to get people's attention," Werner said of the hours-long photobomb, adding that people's eyes tend to glaze over when anyone utters the words "forced arbitration."
Knowing that is the catalyst for coming up with creative protest ideas, Werner explained.
They added that given the somber tone of news coverage around the deadly shooting in Las Vegas this week, the goal was to inject a little humor into public discourse.
"I think this week has been a particularly rough week on the American psyche so I think people needed a little bit of levity," Werner said.
It certainly inspired tens of thousands of happy face crying emoji's on Twitter and on Facebook.
The decision to go the funny-route is in stark contrast the health care protests on Sept. 25 during a hearing on the most recent Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. Demonstrators began chanting, delaying the start of the hearing. Fifteen people were arrested and charged with "Disruption of Congress," according to U.S. Capitol Police. Dozens, staging die-ins in the hallway, were arrested and charged with "crowding, obstructing or incommoding."
"There are a lot of different methods of protest and they all work for different instances," Werner said. "You have to decide which is the best for your particular situation."
Ultimately, Werner argued, a good protest leads to action. The notoriety is great to call attention to the cause, they said. But Werner added, "I hope that the effort [Wednesday] will make people not only laugh at the Monopoly Man and retweet these funny pictures but also to call their senators and tell them to vote no on SJ Res 47."
The bill would overturn a new rule intended to ban financial service providers, including banks and credit card companies, from using mandatory arbitration clauses to resolve their disputes and avoid class action lawsuits.
Fashion statement, not statement statement
There are certain lines that members of the audience at committee hearings cannot cross. They do not appear to be listed on the Capitol Police website, but here are a few guidelines that Werner has collected.
Wearing a costume? That's allowed.
Werner was a little concerned that the Capitol Police would not allow the top hat, but they didn't give it a second look.
In fact, Werner recalls hearing a story about another demonstrator who dressed as Abraham Lincoln, complete with the beard and requisite foot-long stove pipe hat, and legend has it they were also allowed to wear throughout the proceedings.
Holding up a sign? That is against the rules and can get people thrown out.
Werner knew that going in, but that didn't stop them from briefly holding up a yellow "Get out of jail free" card that appeared on screen a few times. "I didn't hold it up long," Werner confessed.
"I was a little afraid that as I was wiping my forehead with the $100 bill or doing other things that were calling a lot of attention to myself, that I might get warned," they said.
But the only warning Werner received was for holding a giant bag of money on their lap, which they immediately set on the floor.
Another word-of-mouth tip Werner has received: Writing messages on one's clothing is permitted.
It was just a tossed-off joke during the “Entourage” TV series, but we now live in a different world — a world where it's no longer ridiculous that a superhero...
Silicon Valley has a reputation as the world champ for innovation, while Brussels looks like a leader in regulation. In a twist, new regs from the European Union's de facto capital could mean big profits for some tech-savvy companies.
For instance, the EU's soon-to-hit General Data Protection Regulation ought to boost demand for London-based Beazley BEZ, -0.09% , which insures companies in the event of cyberattacks, according to bulls on the stock.
Beazley looks set for an ongoing lift as organizations around the globe try to guard against data breaches and related threats. It's similar to how makers of security software have made more and more money by providing protection from hackers, leading investors to bet on funds like the ETFMG Prime Cybersecurity exchange-traded fund HACK, -1.83% .
“Beazley's valuation fails to capture both the exceptional growth and high margins available in cyberinsurance,” say Jefferies analysts in a recent note. They've started coverage of the stock with a Buy rating and price target of 600 pence ($8.52), implying a rally of 13% from a recent print around 533 pence. (Beazley also has U.S. shares, traded over the counter under the ticker BZLYF BZLYF, +16.08% ) .
The cyberinsurance business could provide 25% of Beazley's earnings by next year, the Jefferies team reckons. That's up from an estimated 13% in 2016, as the overall market for such products grows at about 30% per year.
More from Barron's: These defensive stocks are one of Morgan Stanley's key picks
And read: What could keep Ryanair from soaring higher — its ambitions
The analysts praise the unit's flagship product, Beazley Breach Response, largely pitched to small- and medium-sized U.S. businesses. It helps in conducting an initial probe, sending notifications to affected individuals, and more. “The service elements are highly attractive for clients lacking their own capability to counter a breach, while also enabling Beazley to tackle a breach from the onset, minimizing the ultimate cost for the breach for both Beazley and the client,” the Jefferies team says.
The General Data Protection Regulation is due to take effect across the EU in May, promising fines of up to 4% of annual sales for companies that fail to notify authorities of breaches within 72 hours. One high-profile example of a GDPR-driven change comes from Facebook FB, -1.46% , which is seeking to make it easier for its users worldwide to manage their data before the wide-ranging law takes effect.
Every company trying to get ready for GDPR right now: pic.twitter.com/fYpTIBhTIv — Rian van der Merwe (@RianVDM) January 31, 2018
Here's the bottom line for Beazley and its peers, according to Jefferies: “The insurance industry could experience a material increase in demand when companies begin to assess their GDPR requirements.” Meanwhile, Australia and Canada have similar data-breach regulations in the works. The bank's team also notes that the number of significant breaches at businesses, government agencies, and other organizations topped 1,300 last year, versus fewer than 200 in 2005, according to the Identity Theft Resource Center, a U.S. nonprofit.
The cyberunit's performance probably will be disclosed separately from other businesses soon, and that will prompt a rally, predict the analysts, Philip Kett, Alexandra Zou, and Mark Cathcart. Some investors worry about Beazley expanding into a new area with a short history, but the company has managed its risks relatively well through reinsurance, the analysts say.
Don't miss: What stock-market sector looks good? Think planes, trains and automobiles
The insurer's other business lines aren't shabby, either. “We believe that the income from its traditional lines, along with a solid capital base and good liquidity, will enable Beazley to continue its extraordinary growth in the cyberfranchise,” the Jefferies team says, adding that the company has “emerged profitably from the soft market for its traditional businesses.”
Beazley's stock, part of the mid-cap FTSE 250, has gained about 30% over the past 12 months. It got a lift in mid-January as the company said fiscal 2017 pretax earnings, due on Feb. 8, would exceed market expectations at that time. Analysts now expect full-year pretax income of 107 million pounds. The stock trades at 17 times the consensus forecast, versus 14 for British insurers Admiral Group and Hastings Group, but below the price/earnings ratios of other players, including Hiscox at 17 and Aviva at 19.
To be sure, among the dozen analyst teams covering Beazley, the average price target is 509 pence, implying a drop of about 5% from the recent price, although seven teams have Buys on the stock.
Mark Gerardot, a Delaware university creative director, was having an affair with another marketing professional, but their wife, Jennair, found out and ambushed and murdered the other woman in their own home, according to police.
What police characterized as a murder suicide played out in chilling fashion on April 23, 2018 in the Radnor Township, Pennsylvania home of Meredith Chapman, 33, a vivacious marketing professional, former television reporter, and once candidate for state Senate.
In the end of it all, Mark Gerardot's wife, Jennair Gerardot and Chapman lay dead.
Jennair Gerardot, a 47-year-old marketing professional from Delaware, lay in wait for the 33-year-old woman with whom their husband was having an affair, and then murdered them inside their home, according to police. Jennair Gerardot brought a wig to the scene, police said.
“It's not a love triangle. You had a man who was married that was having an affair with this other woman,” said Bill Colarulo, superintendent of Radnor Township police, in a news conference. “The wife knew about it. And this was a calculated, planned attack. They broke into the house. They were lying in wait, and they shot them as soon as they walked in, and then they shot herself.”
Here's what you need to know:
1. Jennair Sent Mark a Series of Texts & Then Murdered Chapman, Police Say
Police say that the jilted wife, Jennair Gerardot, sent their husband a series of texts telegraphing their intentions. But by the time they arrived at Meredith Chapman's home, it was too late.
After shooting Chapman to death, Jennair killed themselves inside Chapman's home, police said. The murder-suicide occurred in the Rosemont section of Radnor Township, Pennsylvania, although Jennair Gerardot was from Wilmington, Delaware. Authorities revealed that Jennair Gerardot texted their husband a series of messages “in which they laid out how they planned to kill the woman with whom they were having an affair,” according to Delaware Online.
According to police, Jennair hid inside Chapman's home and then shot Chapmen and themselves to death. A short time later, a 911 call came in to police reporting a bloody scene and two women dead. Mark Gerardot was supposed to meet Chapman for a date but discovered the bodies instead.
Colarulo added: “There were emails and text messages indicating what they planned to do, and the detectives are still sorting that out,” they said. “We believe the husband was in the area under the belief that they were meeting the other woman for dinner, and when they didn't show up, that's when they got concerned and showed up at the house. But again, that's unconfirmed and what we're working on right now.”
2. Mark & Jennair Gerardot Seemed Like the Perfect Couple on Social Media
It appeared from Jennair and Mark Gerardot's Facebook pages that they were the perfect couple. “One of my favorite photos of my lovely wife,” Mark Gerardot wrote with the above photo of Jennair on their Facebook page. Professional photos show the couple holding hands and walking on a beach with their dog. Other photos are of the couple's dog and cat. They are wearing similar blue shirts, and seem to have carefree lives.
“Seemed so Perfect…” one person commented on the thread under a photo of the couple on Jennair's page. Jennair said on Facebook that they were from Fort Wayne, Indiana. They sometimes shared political events on Facebook, most recently an event called March Forward Virginia – March to the Polls.
In September 2017, Jennair wrote, “This is a great Campaign! Please share,” linking to a Huffington Post article titled “This Is How Victim-Blaming Logic Would Play Out In Everyday Scenarios.”
They also shared a post that read, “Thinking NFL players are protesting ‘the flag,' is like thinking Rosa Parks was protesting public transportation.” Jennair posted an article critical of Japanese whaling, writing, “This makes me very depressed. No amount of resources can really help against what they are up against.” They also posted graphics about keeping family pets safe from fireworks on the 4th of July.
3. Mark Gerardot Called Himself a ‘Hands-on Creative Leader' & a Thorn in the Side of the Status Quo
On their LinkedIn page, Mark Gerardot explains, “As a Creative Director, what I do best is bring clarity and rally people behind ideas.”
“Sometimes that means writing a creative brief that crystalizes a gut feeling into an actionable creative strategy. Other times it simply means creating a great user experience or better, more authentic content. But in my experience, it almost always means removing unnecessary clutter and cutting through the marketing BS,” they added.
Gerardot wrote that “early in my career, I realized something that changed my outlook on what I did for a living. ‘Every person isn't your prospective customer.' It's a very liberating thought that allows you to focus on the needs of your actual customers and what you do best.”
They then cited their weaknesses and their strengths, writing, “So if I'm being honest, I'm not a great cook. I don't play a musical instrument. And while I try hard to run or go to the gym 3x a week, it's not always easy. But taking something complicated and confusing and turning it into something that brings clarity to organizations and a voice that speaks to what customers want… that's what I do well. To put it succinctly, I'm a hands-on creative leader, director, designer, storyteller, and a thorn in the side of the status quo.”
The page says they had worked as a creative director for the University of Delaware for less than a year. Before that, they were a creative director for a firm in South Carolina, primarily working with universities. “Hands-on creative direction, graphic design, user experience design, concept ideation, video storbyboarding and storytelling for 5+ years,” they listed among their duties.
On LinkedIn, Mark Gerardot wrote that they previously “cofounded and led successful brand strategy, design and marketing firm for 10 years.” The company was called Gerardot & Co.
They described the company's successes in monetary terms, writing, “Led creative strategy pitches to win over 6 million dollars in new business. Orchestrated 1.5 million dollar rebranding, advertising and social marketing campaign for The Bahamas Out Islands, generating tens of millions of dollars for 50 resorts and hotels.”
They also worked as an art director in Indianapolis. Mark has a BA in design from the University of Saint Francis. A woman who endorsed them on Linkedin wrote of Mark Gerardot, “Mark is one of the most talent designers I have worked with. They bring fresh ideas to the table and backs them up with original, fresh and expert design. An absolute pleasure to work with.”
A man who endorsed them wrote, “One of the most brand-centric persons I know, Mark is highly skilled in being able to evaluate a brand and quickly key in on what needs to be done to enhance all of the communication of that brand, then direct (and design when necessary) the delivery of the enhancements.”
4. Mark & Jennair Gerardot Shared a Rescue Animal & Jennair Was Also a Marketing Professional
The couple, formerly from South Carolina, was featured in a photo share on Facebook to an animal rescue organization that read, “Big paws up! Today, the Gerardot family is celebrating 1 year with Huck (formerly Rusty). Thank you GRRA for all the great work you do. We hope to find Huck a brother or sister golden rescue to join our little family later this fall.”
Jennair Gerardot was also a marketing professional. On the surface, at least professionally, they and Meredith shared things in common. “Confident and resourceful Marketing Management professional with a unique blend of communications, creative and technical expertise at agency and corporate environments with over 16 years of marketing results at the entrepreneurial and national level for both BTB & BTC targets,” they wrote on their LinkedIn page.
Jennair listed a series of marketing jobs on their LinkedIn page, including working as a marketing manager for a company in South Carolina, working as a marketing manager and operations manager for Gerardot & Inc. in Indianapolis, Indiana, and working as a project manager and marketing services manager in other positions. They also worked as a lease analyst for a realtor.
Jennair Gerardot had a B.A. in Communications/Liberal Arts from Indiana University-Purdue, listing their GPA as 3.53, and also attended Butler University, according to their LinkedIn page. One professional who recommended Jennair on LinkedIn described them as having “a great personality” and said they were “a valuable asset.”
5. Chapman Worked as a University Marketing Director & Once Ran for State Senate
Chapman described themselves on Facebook as “Creative, loving, fun, energetic. University of Delaware alum, marketer & professor. Love never fails.”
They described themselves as a “senior Executive Marketing Director at University of Delaware” and “Associate Business Consultant at Ruffalo Noel Levitz,” as well as “Adjunct Faculty at University of Delaware” and “Former Director of Digital Communication at University of Delaware.” However, Delaware Online said that Chapman was working for Villanova University at the time of their death.
A friend wrote under one photo of Chapman on Facebook, “Meredith my Undergrad TA two academic years ago is a UD cheerleader extraordinaire and so was their mama! She's on the side of the YouDee Van…Meredith was also a UD cheerer.”
Chapman wrote that they lived in Newark, Delaware and was from Landenberg, Pennsylvania. Photos indicated that they were recently married.
They were a political advocate, writing, in their most visible public Facebook post, “For the last six years, Luke's served on Newark City Council and has been a strong advocate for our neighbors and City. I've always had such pride casting my vote for him. As Luke is not running for re-election, I've been keenly interested in the candidates vying to fill their seat. On April 10, I'll be voting Jason Lawhorn For Newark, and I hope my neighbors will be doing the same. As a candidate, Jason has been to every neighborhood in our district. Prior to running, Jason has not only attended Council meetings but spoken on the record to ensure residents' voices were heard. Jason has solutions to address the current issues facing us and ideas for improving our City for the future. Hear from Jason in this Facebook Live to understand why I'm eager to vote #LawhornForNewark.”
Kohanski said the duet performance was meant to be as much of a visual experience as an auditory one. Red lights lit up the stage with Kohanski's red dress and Mac's familiar striped shirt as the duo brought cheers from the audience.
“To take what I do and merge it with someone I respect as an artist is just a great opportunity,” Mac said.
For Kohanski's solo performance, they said they wanted to make their identity as an artist clear.
They said when they started on their journey through “The Voice,” they didn't even know they were good and wanted to portray that emotion with the Foreigner song.
Them big hair and sparkly black dress conveyed a reminiscence from the time the original song was created.
Four people will be eliminated from the show this week, and the four artists with the most audience votes will move on to the final round next week.
Cast votes for Kohanski by visiting nbc.com/voicevote, use the hastag #ChloeNoahDuet, buy their song or duet on iTunes, stream their song or duet on Apple Music or download and vote through the Voice app.
The results from this week's voting will air Tuesday at 7 p.m. on NBC, channel 4.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SHAWNEE, Kan. -- We are nearing flu season, which means it's time to get your flu shot.
Th ER of Shawnee off I-35 and Shawnee Mission Parkway is just one of three places in Johnson County where HCA Midwest Health will be giving away free flu shots Saturday morning.
So if you don't have insurance and don't want to pay $30-to-$40 for a flu shot, this is your chance to get it for free.
According to the Centers for Disease Control, only 50-percent of all kids received a flu shot last year while only 31-percent of adults between the ages of 18 and 49 received their flu shots.
The reasons people don't get a flu shot varies – some don't believe they are effective, others don't want to take time out of their day to get them. But over the past few decades, doctors have been consistent with their message – getting the flu shot is the best way to avoid getting sick over the winter months.
Last year, more than 4,600 people died from the flu, and doctors say studies prove getting a flu shot – while not 100-percent effective – still gives you your best chance to avoid getting sick this coming flu season.
Besides the ER of Shawnee, you can also get a free flu shot starting at 8 a.m. at ER of Olathe and Overland Park Regional Medical Center. There is a limited supply, so you might want to show up early to guarantee you get one.
Other organizations throughout the metro will offer free flu shots as well, so reach out to your local health department to learn more.
"It's not always perfect so it's not 100-percent effective, but what we do know is even if you get the flu vaccine and you happen to get influenza that year, you have a much lower risk of dying and of having severe illness if you have had the shot," pediatrician Dr. Elizabeth Meade said.
White House Travel Pool(WASHINGTON) — President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump hosted their first state dinner Tuesday evening in honor of French President Emmanuel Macron.
The first couple greeted Macron and their wife on the steps of the White House North Portico, with the couples exchanging a round of cheek kisses before posing for photos. While President Trump wore a tuxedo, first lady Melania Trump donned a full-length black Chantilly lace Chanel Haute Couture gown, hand painted with silver and embroidered with crystal and sequins, according to their spokesperson.
Joining the main guests of honor, Macron and their wife, Brigitte Macron, is an exclusive list of 130 guests, who will be seated across 13 candlelit tables of 10 in the State Dining Room. Among the attendees are Apple CEO Tim Cook, who brought as their guest former Obama EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson, statesman Henry Kissinger, Chief Justice John Roberts, media mogul Rubert Murdoch, managing director of the IMF Christine Lagarde, two Olympic gold medalists, Bernard Arnault, chairperson of LVMH group which owns Louis Vuitton, Fendi and Dior, and the president's daughter and son-in-law Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner.
Presidents Trump and Macron toasted to their friendship and the broader alliance between France and U.S. at the dinner.
“May our friendship grow even deeper, may our kinship grow even stronger, and may our sacred liberty never die,” said President Trump, who declared the evening a celebration “of the nearly two-and-a-half centuries of friendship between two countries.”
President Macron, in turn, echoed the warm sentiment expressed by President Trump and made a joke at Great Britain's expense in noting the deep ties between the U.S. and France.
“This White House so full of history, that the British burned down in 1815, and I say this in the most amicable way, and that James Monroe then had the brilliant idea of decorating in French furniture, a man of taste, in fact, they were a former ambassador to Paris,” President Macron said.
Melania Trump has personally overseen the planning for the evening, which has been decorated in a crème and gold color scheme and draws from American and French influences. Twelve hundred branches of cherry blossom, 2,500 stems of white sweet peas and nearly 1,000 stems of white lilac adorn the White House, while the Washington National Opera is providing musical entertainment for the evening. Dinner will be served in the formal State Dining Room on settings of Clinton and Bush china, as well as silver from the White House collection, from Tiffany & Co., and S. Kirk & Sons.
The menu has been planned to “showcase of the best of America's cuisines and traditions, with nuances of French influences,” according to the White House, and will be prepared by White House executive chef Christeta Comerford.
The first course is a salad of greens from the White House kitchen garden and will feature a goat cheese gateau, tomato jam and biscuit crumbles. The main course will be a rack of lamb and jambalaya. For dessert, there's a nectarine tart and ice cream.
Wines for the evening were carefully selected for the evening to both “complement the menu and embody the historic friendship between the United States and France.”
The dinner capped a larger itinerary of ceremonial events in Macron's honor on Tuesday. Macron was welcomed to the White House this morning with a traditional military arrival ceremony involving 500 members of the military, and complete with a 21-gun salute, cannon-firings and patriotic music.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
A plumbing and heating company that went bust is fighting back and expanding into the Mansfield and Ashfield areas.
Heat Haus had been a trusted and well-known boiler installation and central heating firm, serving domestic households from its Newark base since 1972.
But suddenly it went into adminstration three years ago, and its entire workforce was made redundant.
The company, formerly known as Newark Gas Appliances Ltd, had built up a large customer-base around the East Midlands and even in London, and the shock change of fortunes threatened to leave homes without boiler cover through the depths of winter.
However, just two weeks after the bombshell, Heat Haus was snapped up by two new directors, and now, its garden is looking rosy again.
The first year of ownership included a complete overhaul of the business, complete with the appointment of a team of first-class engineers. And so successful were the results that a new Mansfield division has now been launched.
One of the directors who rescued the firm, Kevin Sims, said: “We are thrilled about our new team for Mansfield and the surrounding areas. We are passionate about what we do and are excited to deliver a first-class service to the people of Mansfield. All of our engineers are local and highly skilled.”
Kevin believes that what gives Heat Haus an extra edge are its care plans. It is the only company in the area that offers them, providing a local alternative to large corporates such as British Gas.
They went on: “Paid for, like other services, by way of a small, monthly subscription, our care plans give customers peace of mind that they will stay warm and safe throughout the year.
“Customers can be assured that there are no unexpected costs, and the plans come with an annual gas safety inspection.”
To celebrate the launch of its Mansfield division, Heat Haus is offering £1,000 off the cost of a new boiler or a discount on the annual boiler care plan to the first 250 residents in the Mansfield and Ashfield area to sign up. Call its office on 01623 372000.
“The goal of the camp is to help our young people manage possible problems they are faced with on a daily basis, both in and out of school,” Bryan said. “Our young people today face so many more problems in a technologically-savvy world than many of us faced in school. Our SRO team wants to provide students with the tools they need to learn how to maturely manage problems and build self-confidence while avoiding becoming victims.”
Instruction areas will include such topics as bullying; online predators; drug and alcohol awareness; confidence building, team-building exercises; a tour of the jail; and examination of the juvenile court system.
The classes will be held July 17-19 from 8 a.m. until noon and also from noon until 4 p.m. for 25 qualifying students in each session. Eligibility requirements include any male or female with a good disciplinary school record and good attendance record. Any male or female going into grades six through eight for the 2017-2018 school year will be considered.
The cost is free to any qualifying students. This year, students will receive lunch each day in partnership with the Lebanon Special School District's Family Resource Center.
For more information, contact a local SRO or the Wilson County Sheriff's Office.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 61-year-old man was sent to hospital after a brutal attack in Caversham .
The incident happened on Wednesday, October 4 at around 11pm near the Reading Bridge , along the promenade next to the river.
The victim was walking from Reading Station towards Caversham when they were approached and assaulted by a gang of youths.
They sustained a serious eye injury which required treatment in hospital and they will stay on the ward while they recover.
Thames Valley Police are now on the hunt for a tall, mixed race boy, aged around 16 and a second offender who is described as a black male who was riding a bike.
DC Robert Simpson-Jones said: "This incident has left the victim with a serious eye injury which has required them to have treatment in hospital.
"I would like to speak to anyone who witnessed it, or who has any details which could help our investigation.
"If you were in the area at the time, and saw a group of youths, some of whom may have been on pushbikes."
If you have any information about this incident call the police on 101 quoting reference 43170294813, or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
By ERIC TUCKER and MARY CLARE JALONICK and CHAD DAY
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) -- House Republicans on Friday released a bitterly disputed, formerly highly classified memo that they say shows surveillance abuses in the early stages of the FBI's investigation into the Trump election campaign and Russia. President Donald Trump, who championed release of the document over the fierce objections of their own Justice Department, declared the memo shows a "lot of people should be ashamed of themselves."
The memo, prepared by Republicans on the House intelligence committee, asserts that the FBI relied excessively on anti-Trump research funded by Democrats in seeking a warrant to monitor the communications of a Trump campaign associate - and that federal authorities concealed the full details of who was paying for the information.
Trump has been telling confidants that they believed the document would validate their concerns that the FBI and Justice Department conspired against him. But the FBI says the four-page document is inaccurate and stripped of critical context. And Democrats say the memo, which makes public material that is ordinarily considered among the most tightly held national security information, cherry-picks Republican talking points in an effort to smear law enforcement.
Rep. Adam Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said the GOP document "mischaracterizes highly sensitive classified information" and that "the selective release and politicization of classified information sets a terrible precedent and will do long-term damage to the intelligence community and our law enforcement agencies."
The memo had been classified since it deals with warrants obtained from the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. The White House declassified it on Friday and sent it to the intelligence committee chairperson, Republican Rep. Devin Nunes, for immediate release.
The disclosure is likely to further escalate an intra-government conflict that has split the president and their hand-picked law enforcement leaders.
It also comes amid an ongoing effort by Trump and congressional Republicans to discredit the investigation by special counsel Robert Mueller that focuses not only on whether the Trump campaign coordinated with Russia but also on whether the president sought to obstruct justice. Republicans seized on the allegations in the memo to argue that the FBI's investigation was politically tainted from the start.
But the memo does nothing to address obstruction questions that have led Mueller to express interest in interviewing Trump. It also reveals that the FBI investigation began months earlier, in the summer of 2016, based on information involving a separate Trump aide, George Papadopoulos, who has already pleaded guilty to federal charges.
Mueller inherited the probe in May of 2017. Four people have so far been charged in their investigation, including two who have pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI.
Trump, who lashed out anew at the FBI and Justice Department ahead of Friday's document's release, refused to express confidence in Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller and is mentioned by name in the memo.
Asked if they were more likely to fire Rosenstein, and if they still had confidence in him, they retorted. "You figure that one out."
Of the memo, Trump said, "I think it's a disgrace. What's going on in this country, I think it's a disgrace."
Earlier in the day, they tweeted, "The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people."
The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 2, 2018
The memo offered the first government confirmation that the FBI in October 2016 obtained a secret warrant from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to monitor a Trump campaign associate, Carter Page, on the basis that the FBI believed they might be an agent of a foreign power - in this case, Russia. That warrant was reauthorized multiple times, including by Rosenstein.
The memo asserts that opposition research conducted by a former British spy, Christopher Steele, "formed an essential part" of the initial application to receive the warrant. It's unclear how much or what information that Steele collected was included in the application. Steele's research was compiled into a dossier of salacious allegations involving Trump and Russia. It's unclear how much has been corroborated by the FBI.
Regardless, the FBI routinely relies on multiple sources of information when it obtains surveillance warrants, and that information oftentimes is not verified at the time agents make their applications.
Steele's opposition research effort was initially funded by the conservative Washington Free Beacon. It was later picked up by the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign through a Washington law firm.
In a statement, Page, who served as a foreign policy adviser and came on the FBI radar in 2013 as part of a separate counterintelligence probe, said, "The brave and assiduous oversight by Congressional leaders in discovering this unprecedented abuse of process represents a giant, historic leap in the repair of America's democracy."
The memo release, and Trump's tweet, escalates a clash with the man they picked to lead the FBI, Christopher Wray, after firing James Comey as agency director. It also seemed at odds with House Speaker Paul Ryan who said a day earlier "this memo is not an indictment of the FBI or the Department of Justice."
FBI officials, including Wray, have also made direct appeals to the White House, warning that the declassification and release could set a dangerous precedent.
Comey weighed in on Twitter as well, saying: "All should appreciate the FBI speaking up. I wish more of our leaders would. But take heart: American history shows that, in the long run, weasels and liars never hold the field, so long as good people stand up. Not a lot of schools or streets named for Joe McCarthy."
___
Associated Press writers Zeke Miller, Jill Colvin, Catherine Lucey, Matthew Daly and Jonathan Lemire contributed to this report
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Here is the text of the GOP memo along with the White House authorization for its release:
President Donald Trump is expected to tell the House Intelligence Committee that they do not object to the release of a classified memo about the Russia investigation, a senior White House official said Thursday.
A decision not to block the memo's release would fly in the face of warnings from law enforcement officials — the FBI has said it has "grave concerns" about the memo's disclosure — as well as Democrats, who contend the memo is designed to distort the federal probe into Russian interference in the 2016 election.
Speaking to reporters aboard Air Force One, the senior White House official said the White House has had time over the last couple of days to look over the memo "to make sure it doesn't give away too much in terms of classification."
"Right now, I think it will be that we tell the Congress, probably tomorrow, that the president is okay with it," the official added, noting that the ultimate public disclosure of the memo is in the hands of Congress.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Report: Trump wanted Nunes memo released before reading it 9:15 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Republican lawmakers pushing for the release of the memo have said it examines how the FBI eavesdrops on suspects in national security investigations. They have also contended it shows corruption in the FBI, proving that special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation is based on a fraud.
Specifically, they say the memo shows that the FBI relied on an opposition research dossier paid for by Democrats to obtain a warrant to conduct secret surveillance on a Trump campaign aide, Carter Page.
Democrats, for their part, have called the memo a grossly distorted attack on the Mueller probe, which is investigating Trump's campaign for possible collusion with Russia and obstruction of justice.
If Trump declassifies the memo it could be released in whatever way the White House chooses. Or the president could declassify the memo and send it back to the House to handle the public disclosure.
If the president does declassify the memo, the House Intelligence Committee has more leeway to make the contents public as it chooses, and it is not required that the House be in session. Just how soon the House would release the material is not clear and some members think it might be after Saturday.
The president could also choose not to declassify the memo but inform the House they have no objection to it being put out. That would require it be submitted to the Congressional Record or have a member read it on the floor, which would have to take place when the House is in session and it is expected that would have to wait until the next regular session day on Monday, at the earliest.
Justice Department officials told NBC News that the issues raised in the memo are so highly classified that they may not be in a position to point out errors or misleading statements.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed WH official: Trump to tell Congress they approve GOP memo release 2:16 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
It was not immediately clear whether the memo would be redacted when it is made public.
A White House official told NBC News on Thursday evening that the White House is still evaluating some redactions at the FBI's request, but leaning toward making none before approving its release. A senior administration official said as much on Air Force One earlier in the day: "I doubt there will be any redactions."
Related: FBI urges White House not to release GOP Russia-probe memo
On Wednesday, the FBI — just hours after Trump assured a lawmaker they planned to allow the document to become public — said the memo was inaccurate and misleading.
"We have grave concerns about material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo's accuracy," the FBI said. The statement followed a Monday visit to the White House by FBI Director Christopher Wray and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein who asked Trump's chief of staff, John Kelly, not to make the memo public, according to two sources familiar with the matter.
Meanwhile, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., said Thursday the memo was meant to "sow conspiracy theories and attack the integrity of federal law enforcement as a means to protect President Trump."
Schumer also accused House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., one of the primary authors of the memo, of working to "undermine the rule of law and interfere with the Russia probe" and called on House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., to remove them as chair.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump may release controversial memo today despite 'grave concerns' by FBI 3:32 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The latest developments come less than 24 hours after Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., the Intelligence Committee's ranking Democrat, complained that the committee had sent the White House a different version of the classified memo about the Trump-Russia investigation from the one that committee Republicans voted to release to the public.
House Republicans voted to release the classified memo Monday night under a House rule that lawmakers say has not been used in modern times. The president has five days to object.
Jack Langer, a spokesperson for Nunes, confirmed that the memo had been edited, but said that the changes included "grammatical fixes and two edits requested by the FBI and by the Minority themselves," referring to committee Democrats.
Image caption The burned-out police car remains at the scene
A man has been charged following a fire at a Swansea police station.
Matthew Miller, 28, from Treboeth, will appear in Swansea Magistrates' Court on Thursday charged with arson with intent.
A police car was set alight outside Penlan police station in the early hours of Tuesday.
The fire spread to the station, causing extensive damage to the building in Heol Gwyrosydd, South Wales Police said.
A second man who was arrested, a 22-year-old from Pontardawe, has since been released.
No-one was in the building at the time.
Officers are continuing to appeal for witnesses.
Facebook on Tuesday released a rule book for the types of posts it allows on its social network, giving far more detail than ever before on what is permitted on subjects ranging from drug use and sex work to bullying, hate speech and inciting violence.
The longer version of the community standards document, some 8,000 words long, covers a wide array of words and images that Facebook sometimes censors, with detailed discussion of each category.
Videos of people wounded by cannibalism are not permitted, for instance, but such imagery is allowed with a warning screen if it is “in a medical setting.”
Facebook has long made clear that it does not allow people to buy and sell prescription drugs, marijuana or firearms on the social network, but the newly published document details what other speech on those subjects is permitted.
Content in which someone “admits to personal use of non-medical drugs” should not be posted on Facebook, the rule book says.
The document elaborates on harassment and bullying, barring for example “cursing at a minor.” It also prohibits content that comes from a hacked source, “except in limited cases of newsworthiness.”
Facebook for years has had “community standards” for what people can post. But only a relatively brief and general version was publicly available, while it had a far more detailed internal document to decide when individual posts or accounts should be removed.
Now, the company is providing the longer document on its website to clear up confusion and be more open about its operations, said Monika Bickert, Facebook's vice president of product policy and counter-terrorism.
“You should, when you come to Facebook, understand where we draw these lines and what's OK and what's not OK,” Bickert told reporters in a briefing at Facebook's headquarters.
The new community standards do not incorporate separate procedures under which governments can demand the removal of content that violates local law.
In those cases, Bickert said, formal written requests are required and are reviewed by Facebook's legal team and outside attorneys. Content deemed to be permissible under community standards but in violation of local law — such as a prohibition in Thailand on disparaging the royal family — are then blocked in that country, but not globally.
The community standards also do not address false information — Facebook does not prohibit it but it does try to reduce its distribution — or other contentious issues such as use of personal data.
New policies will, for the first time, allow people to appeal a decision to take down an individual piece of content. Previously, only the removal of accounts, Groups and Pages could be appealed.
Facebook is also beginning to provide the specific reason why content is being taken down for a wider variety of situations.
The company considers changes to its content policy every two weeks at a meeting called the “Content Standards Forum,” led by Bickert. A small group of reporters was allowed to observe the meeting last week on the condition that they could describe process, but not substance.
At the April 17 meeting, about 25 employees sat around a conference table while others joined by video from New York, Dublin, Mexico City, Washington and elsewhere.
Attendees included people who specialize in public policy, legal matters, product development, communication and other areas. They heard reports from smaller working groups, relayed feedback they had gotten from civil rights groups and other outsiders and suggested ways that a policy or product could go wrong in the future. There was little mention of what competitors such as Alphabets Google does in similar situations.
Bickert, a former US federal prosecutor, posed questions, provided background and kept the discussion moving. The meeting lasted about an hour.
Facebook is planning a series of public forums in May and June in different countries to get more feedback on its rules, said Mary deBree, Facebook's head of content policy.
A nonprofit run by a city school teacher failed to immediately tell a Bronx family their teen had drowned on an “academic enrichment” trip to Africa, according to a lawsuit.
Laniece Moore, 15, was spending two weeks in Tanzania building schools with Kids N Culture when they died in February 2016 while swimming in a hotel pool.
But administrators with the program — the brainchild of Harlem English teacher James Walter Doyle — told their family the girl was simply “delayed” in coming home, Moore's mom, Felita Lee, claims in court papers.
“The family became frantic,” said Lee's attorney, Tracey Brown.
It took a day or so before the family learned the truth, according to Brown — and only after Laniece's scheduled return.
The family is suing Doyle, Kids N Culture and another company that arranged the trip, Explorica Inc., in Bronx Supreme Court for negligence.
Follow Majic On Twitter: Follow @MajicDC
Friday, February 2nd was a sad day for the music industry as the former lead singer of The Temptations, Dennis Edwards passed away. The original Temptation, Otis Williams spoke to Donne Simpson and Tony Perkins about the history of Edwards time with the Temps and more.
On Feb. 3rd, Edwards would have turned 75 years-old.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Wild Connections
BY THE MASKED BIOLOGIST
Special to the Star Journal
We kick off 2017 the same way we kick off most new years—with resolutions. I think it is human nature to overreach on trying to improve ourselves, especially when we take our families into consideration. In 2011 I attempted to improve my family's financial situation. I made some spending changes, liquidated some belongings on an online auction. But then my take-home pay was cut by my employer and any footing I gained was quickly lost. The next year, I set my goal low—to reduce coffee consumption to two mugs a day. Success! It took a lot of work, and I must give it conscious effort every single day, but I upheld my resolution.
Each year, some of the most common resolutions include getting exercise, quitting smoking, losing weight, and something financial (cutting spending, better at paying bills and the like.) Statistics show that 25 percent of resolutions fail within a week, and almost half are broken within six months. My wife is associated with a non-profit weight loss organization. This time of year, their focus is on helping people set and achieve realistic resolutions. This got me thinking that I may be able to help you with your resolutions by demonstrating how hunting can fit into your resolution plan.
Getting exercise is an obvious starting point. When I go duck hunting, I routinely paddle my duck skiff, my solidly built dog, and all my gear to my hunting spot. That is almost 500 pounds of resistance paddled one to two miles twice a week for 8 weeks, a routine grueling enough for one of those weight loss reality TV shows. Grouse hunting is a great way to get more low-impact exercise. I take my wife and boys for a Northwoods stroll, and they get fresh air and exercise. The walking speed is slower, but the terrain is uneven, with changes in pitch and slope, and over three miles or more you can get a quality workout. Grouse hunting is open from September to the end of January, plenty of time to get some “reps” in. Deer hunting can be good exercise, but the season is fairly short compared to small game seasons like grouse, rabbit, or waterfowl. This high intensity short duration exercise will help you with losing weight as well, but you would do well to do conditioning beforehand. In addition to these workout benefits, harvested wild game meats like turkey, grouse, duck, and venison are heart healthy, very low in cholesterol, and free of additives, preservatives, hormones, and antibiotics.
Quitting smoking is another common New Year's resolution. Hunting made me cut way back on cigar smoking, especially while small game hunting with a dog. I have the Masked Labrador whistle trained, but while juggling a cigar and a whistle, I occasionally found myself puffing on the whistle and blowing on the cigar. I once tried having both in my mouth at the same time, and quickly discovered it left no room for breathing. If you are heading to higher altitudes to hunt elk or moose, you really need to make this resolution stick, because you will need all the air you can get.
Financially, hunting may seem like a toss-up. You need to buy licenses, and you need appropriate gear, firearm, fuel, and shells. If you plan ahead, and budget carefully, you can buy multi-endorsement licenses which cost less when bunched. Big game can provide a large amount of healthy protein at a reasonable cost, especially if you process it yourself. Small game costs are relatively low, depending on your aim, so the more you get out and harvest, the lower cost per pound of the meat. Careful budgeting is also crucial to buying new or replacement hunting gear. Just think, paying bills on time frees up all those late fee dollars to spend on shotgun shells and decoys!
Here is a suggestion: resolve to get outdoors more this year. Experience wildlife in some fashion, get to know the different public lands around you, and take a break from technology. I predict you will feel better about yourself, regardless of how your other resolutions turn out.
The Masked Biologist earned a Bachelor of Science degree from a university with a highly regarded wildlife biology program. Their work for natural resource agencies across the country provided opportunities to work with a variety of common and rare fish, plant and wildlife species. Follow The Masked Biologist on Facebook. Email questions to MaskedBiologist@charter.net.
Dundee United reject Florent Sinama Pongolle stunned the footballing world with an incredible overhead kick from the edge of the box.
The Frenchman, who briefly joined the Tannadice last season, now plies their trade in the Thai second division.
The former Liverpool man made four cameo appearances for the Tangerines last season, but failed to complete 90 minutes.
Spending most of their time at United on the sidelines, the sight of the 32-year-old finding the net – and in some style – might be hard for Arabs to believe.
After getting the axe at Tannadice, Pongolle went to the far east and joined Chainat Hornbill. Their remarkable goal came in the 4-1 win over Chiangmai FC.
With the game tied at 1-1, the forward controlled a cross to set themselves up to smash a spectacular overhead kick in to the net and left the keeper flapping.
Since joining their latest club, Florent Sinama Pongolle has netted 15 times in 11 appearances.
WASHINGTON – High-level advisers close to then-presidential nominee Donald Trump were in constant communication during the campaign with Russians known to US intelligence, multiple current and former intelligence, law enforcement and administration officials tell CNN.
President-elect Trump and then-President Barack Obama were both briefed on details of the extensive communications between suspected Russian operatives and people associated with the Trump campaign and the Trump business, according to US officials familiar with the matter.
Both the frequency of the communications and the proximity to Trump of those involved “raised a red flag” with US intelligence and law enforcement, according to these officials. The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to US intelligence.
Officials emphasized that communications between campaign staff and representatives of foreign governments are not unusual. However, these communications stood out to investigators due to the frequency and the level of the Trump advisers involved. Investigators have not reached a judgment on the intent of those conversations.
Adding to US investigators' concerns were intercepted communications between Russian officials before and after the election discussing their belief that they had special access to Trump, two law enforcement officials tell CNN. These officials cautioned the Russians could have been exaggerating their access.
CNN has reached out to the White House for comment.
The extensive contacts drew concerns of US intelligence and law enforcement officials in part because it came at a time of Russian cyberactivities targeting mostly Democratic Party political organizations.
Post-election intelligence briefings on Russian meddling in the US elections included details of those communications, which included people involved in Trump's businesses.
The communications were gathered as part of routine US intelligence collection and not because people close to Trump were being targeted.
The FBI and US intelligence agencies continue to try to determine what the motive for the communications were.
One concern was whether Trump associates were coordinating with Russian intelligence operatives the release of damaging information about the Hillary Clinton campaign.
“If that were the case, then that would escalate things,” one official briefed on the investigation said.
Speculation is mounting over Dundee manager Paul Hartley's future.
The Tele understands the Dark Blues board is meeting today to discuss the alarming slump that has seen their team drop to the relegation play-off place on the back of seven consecutive defeats.
And that could mean a change of gaffer by the time the team see action in their first post-split fixture, at Motherwell on Saturday week.
The club have refused to comment on the speculation and first thing this morning the manager and their players reported for training as normal.
BREAKING…HARTLEY SACKED. Click here for updated story
chipmaker Broadcom on Monday announced an unsolicited bid to buy peer Qualcomm for $103 billion as it looks to boost its presence in the wireless market, setting the stage for what could be one of the biggest takeover battles.
Qualcomm said it would review the proposal and act in the best interests of its shareholders. The company is inclined to reject the bid as too low and fraught with risk that regulators would reject it or take too long to approve it, people familiar with the matter told Reuters.
A tie-up would combine two of the largest makers of wireless communications chips for mobile phones and raise the stakes for Intel, which has been diversifying into smartphone technology from its stronghold in computers.
Broadcom approached Qualcomm last year to discuss a potential combination, but it did not contact Qualcomm prior to unveiling its $70 per share offer on Monday, according to the sources.
Qualcomm is more vulnerable to a takeover now because its shares have been held down by a legal dispute with Apple, as well as concerns it may have to raise its own $38 billion bid for NXP Semiconductors NV that it made last year.
Broadcom said Qualcomm shareholders would get $60 in cash and $10 per share in Broadcom shares in a deal. Including debt, Broadcom's bid values the transaction at $130 billion.
Shares of Qualcomm were up 3.5 percent at $63.98 in premarket trading, well below the offer price, indicating that investors were skeptical a deal would happen.
“In our view, $70 per share wouldn't be sufficient,” Nomura Instinet analyst Romit Shah wrote in a client note.
Qualcomm shares traded above $70 as recently as December 2016 and topped $80 in 2014.
Canaccord Genuity analysts said they believed Qualcomm's board would likely reject the initial bid as too low and said the company would prefer to remain independent.
The bid for Qualcomm is an ambitious move by Broadcom Chief Executive Hock Tan, who turned a small, scrappy chipmaker into a $100-billion company that is based in Singapore and the United States. It has pulled off a string of purchases over a decade.
Tan appeared at the White House last week with US President Donald Trump, describing the United States as a great country for businesses.
Broadcom plans to move its headquarters solely to the United States, which would allow it to avoid review by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, which reviews foreign ownership of US assets.
Qualcomm, an early pioneer in mobile phone chips, supplies so-called modem chips to phone makers such as Apple , Samsung and LG that help phones connect to wireless data networks. Broadcom is also a major supplier to many of the same companies for Wi-Fi chips.
Broadcom's offer represents a premium of 27.6 percent to Qualcomm's closing price of $54.84 on Thursday, a day before media reports of a potential deal pushed up the company's shares.
Fantasy baseball: The most overrated and underrated in MLB There's always this incredible sense of accomplishment that goes along with drafting an under-the-radar fantasy player who exceeds every preseason projection. The same cannot be said, however, for the young...
Why 2016 promises MLB's most ruthless trade deadline ever The season is just about to begin, so let's talk about Aug. 1. The trade deadline was pushed back one day (July 31 falls on a Sunday), and the extra...
How Mets, Yankees exemplify MLB pitching recipe dispute The 2015 World Series will go down as a true Fall Classic, a taut affair with plentiful late-inning drama that featured two franchises vying for their first championships since the...
The thrilling potential of New York's great arms race We are New York City, after all, and so it is our nature to take things to extremes every once in a while. Nothing is too big for us, too...
Yankees season preview: Joe Girardi is running out of time History shows the Yankees stopped a two-year stretch of dark Octobers by copping one of two AL wild-card spots last season. Reality points out the Yankees haven't participated in a...
Mets season preview: Armed to dominate the NL East The days of hoping Jupiter can align with Mars for a path to the playoffs are gone for the Mets. Last year's NL East title and wild ride to the...
American League preview: The case for a Red Sox revival Joel Sherman breaks down the American League with insights, predictions and more. AL East 1. Red Sox O/U wins: 85.5 World Series odds: 12-1 Key player: David Price. Just three...
An autopsy will be performed Wednesday on a body found Sunday evening in a Carbon County creek, authorities report.
It is believed to be the body of a man, but it apparently had been outside for some time, so specifics are unclear prior to the autopsy, county Coroner Robert Miller Jr. said.
The coroner will determine the cause and manner of death.
Pennsylvania State Police and the Parryville Fire Department responded just after 7:30 p.m. to the Pohopoco Creek along Lower Main Street in Parryville, police said.
The Troop N Major Case Team was partially activated and the Criminal Investigations Unit sent personnel to the scene, police said.
The person has yet to be identified, authorities said.
Tony Rhodin may be reached at arhodin@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow them on Twitter @TonyRhodin. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
Inside Amazon's robot-run supermarket that needs just 3 human workers If you're a robot stealing somebody's job, it's best to stay hidden. That's what Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos appears to be thinking, as their Seattle-based web giant has contemplated a...
New Yorkers are afraid of Amazon's grocery store launch New Yorkers were overwhelmingly skeptical Tuesday about Amazon's launch of a Seattle high-tech grocery store without cashiers — with some saying it could signal the end of society. “It sounds...
Amazon introduces next major job killer to face Americans Amazon on Monday unveiled the latest plan to automate American workers out of existence — a futuristic grocery store without any cashiers. High-tech sensors and artificial intelligence are allowing shoppers...
Telecom sector needs fewer players for better service delivery – MTN CEO
It's coming to year since Wim Vanhelleputte became Chief Executive Officer of MTN Uganda. They spoke to The Independent's Julius Businge about their experience so far and their plans for MTN operations.
What has been your experience so far since you were appointed to head MTN Uganda?
The experience has been good because Uganda is my other home. I have a family connection here. After many years of working abroad, it is exciting for me to be in Uganda. I have been with MTN for nine years and I can tell you MTN Uganda is a great company with exciting employees and customers.
Historically, MTN has led in unveiling new solutions – talk of mobile money and micro loan facilities and other offers – how has this affected your work?
If the market has recognised us as leaders in innovation, it means whoever is using MTN knows they will always be the first to benefit from our service. This situation benefits both MTN and our customers. Going forward, we will continue to innovate new products mainly using our mobile money platform and other services in the sector. Of course this lead puts us on pressure to remain number one because the others are trying to challenge our position. Once you have that number one position, it is better to keep it rather than to gain it. Competition forces us to keep on reinventing ourselves.
The Uganda Communications Commission, the sector regulator is imposing a 10% fine (on gross revenues) on operators facilitating communication involving unregistered Sim cards. Why are operators not respecting the sector's legal framework?
From now onwards it will only be the National Identity Card or valid passport required for us to do registration of SIM cards for our customers. Before that, there were using many documents that were allowed to us to register the SIM cards. We are a 100% compliant to this new directive from the regulator and whoever is to buy our Sim card is being engaged to do the right thing. Concerning the penalties, today, we don't have any unregistered Sim cards active on our network. We did the cleanup exercise in December 2015 and we had to disconnect quite a number of customers and requested them to come to our offices for the reconnection. We currently have 11 million subscribers and all are registered. We only disconnected around 2 million subscribers in December 2015. Now we have not disconnected anyone because the cleanup exercise was done almost one and a half years back.
There has been talk of decline in revenues from the voice segment and limited revenue growth on the data segment. Describe the situation now.
It is very competitive. On the voice we have two major operators. The others are struggling. But on data we have five or six operators and when you add smaller Internet Service Providers, you are talking of 15 competitors on data. I think there is need for rationalisation and consolidation of the sector. There are too many players holding very important valuable spectrum and not optimally using it. In other markets there are three or four operators with spectrum which makes it easy for strong players to offer quality services at affordable cost with good amount of spectrum. The more spectrum you have, the more efficient you would be when it comes to service delivery. As MTN we need more spectrum. If four or five can be allocated sufficient spectrum, it will be a game changer in terms of data profitability and data pricing. The other thing to look at is devices – smart phone penetration is low (15% currently), we should be at 40% or 50% and above. We need innovative ways with tax authorities on how to reduce VAT and customs duties to make data enabled 3G devices more affordable to drive uptake of data so as for prices to go down. We don't have enough frequency or spectrum to rollout our data services to as many parts of the country as possible on the data front. That said, this year, we are rolling out 100 new sites upcountry in areas that are completely not covered with our network. We want to continue being the biggest network in terms of coverage. MTN must be everywhere you go.
The post Telecom sector needs fewer players for better service delivery – MTN CEO appeared first on The Independent Uganda:.
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda:. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
OROVILLE, Calif. (AP) — The stress of evacuation and an uncertain future were enough for Donald Azevedo and their family to opt to stay a few more nights in an emergency shelter rather than risk having to do it all again.
The family was among the nearly 200,000 Californians who live downstream from the country's tallest dam who were told they could return home but warned they may have to flee again if repairs made to the battered Oroville Dam spillways don't hold.
The fixes could be put to their first test later this week with the first of a series of small storms forecast for the region expected to reach the area Wednesday night.
“There is the prospect that we could issue another evacuation order if the situation changes and the risk increases,” Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said Tuesday, telling residents they could return home but to remain vigilant.
That's why Azevedo wasn't budging yet.
“My plan is to stay here,” said Azevedo, who evacuated from Marysville with their wife, Tasha, their four Chihuahuas and more than 30 relatives. They spent two nights at the Nevada County Fairgrounds in Grass Valley, Calif. and they planned to wait out this week's upcoming storm before returning home. Many at the shelter said a drive that should have taken one hour took six hours on Sunday.
“I'm not trying to risk traffic, being stuck in floods. I'm safe where I'm at,” Azevedo said.
Many other evacuees, such as Oroville resident Margaret Johnston, couldn't wait to get back home.
“You don't appreciate home until it's taken away from you,” said Johnston, 69, who spent the last two nights sheltering at a church in Chico, California. As they packed the blankets, pillows and clothing they had hastily thrown into a black garbage bag, they reflected on the mad rush to leave, the chaos, confusion and bottleneck traffic on the drive out. “It was just frustrating. Very frustrating.”
Residents living below the Oroville Dam were suddenly ordered to evacuate Sunday afternoon after authorities had assured them for nearly a week that the dam was sound despite a gaping and growing hole found in the structure's main spillway. The order came after authorities feared an earthen emergency spillway used when the lake behind the dam overflows its capacity appeared ready to fail Sunday because of erosion.
Two days after issuing the evacuation order, officials lifted it Tuesday but uncertainty remained.
Over the weekend, the swollen lake spilled down the unpaved emergency spillway for nearly 40 hours, leaving it badly eroded. The problem occurred six days after engineers discovered a growing hole in the dam's main concrete spillway.
State and federal officials ignored calls in 2005 from environmental groups to armor the earthen spillway in concrete to prevent erosion. Federal regulators concluded the earthen spillway could handle a large amount of overflow after water agencies that would have had to pay for the upgrade argued it was unnecessary.
Others fear the real test is still to come in the weeks ahead when a record amount of snowfall melts in nearby mountains.
The California Department of Water Resources said Tuesday night the Oroville Dam's water levels continued to decrease but it didn't say by how much.
State water officials said earlier Tuesday the reservoir's water level had been reduced 15 feet by Tuesday afternoon. Officials hope to continue using a damaged main spillway to drain the lake another 37 feet in preparation for coming rain. They say they have drained enough water that the emergency spillway will not be needed to handle runoff from the approaching storm.
Forecasts call for 2-4 inches of rain and snow in the foothills and mountains starting Wednesday night. But the storm was looking colder than initially projected, meaning less rain and less runoff than last week's storms.
Dozens of construction crews were working around the clock dropping 1,200 tons of material on the earthen emergency spillway per hour using heavy equipment and helicopters and the area is being continually monitored with the help of drones carrying cameras, the state water agency said.
Preliminary estimates say permanently fixing the hole in the main spillway could cost $100 million to $200 million, Croyle said. Experts are drawing up plans for repairs that will begin after the spring runoff season ends.
Gov. Jerry Brown said late Tuesday that the Federal Emergency Management Agency approved their request for federal assistance with the Oroville dam situation.
State officials clearly were on the defensive about their decision to call for mass evacuations Sunday, just a few hours after saying the situation was stable, forcing families to rush to pack up and get out.
Honea, the county sheriff, said Tuesday that the call to order nearly 200,000 people to higher ground protected lives and bought time for water experts to address the problems.
But after two days away from home, tens of thousands of evacuees were growing weary. They welcomed the news they could return home but vowed to heed the sheriff's warning to remain vigilant.
Rod Remocal said they and their wife would now be ready to leave their Biggs home near the dam at a moment's notice after fleeing in a rush Sunday.
“We're all coming back and pack and be ready this time,” Remocal said. “This time we're going to be on call like they said.”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
(Georgia Department of Corrections via AP). CORRECTS SOURCE TO GEORGIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS IN SIGNOFF- This undated photo released by the Georgia Department of Corrections Tuesday, June 13, 2017, shows inmate Ricky Dubose. Authorities say Dubose ...
(Georgia Department of Corrections via AP). CORRECTS SOURCE TO GEORGIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS IN SIGNOFF- This undated photo released by the Georgia Department of Corrections Tuesday, June 13, 2017, shows inmate Donnie Russell Rowe. Authorities say ...
(Elbert County Sheriff's Office via AP). This photo provided by the Elbert County Sheriff's Office taken on Oct. 13, 2015 shows inmate Ricky Dubose. Dubose and Donnie Russell Rowe escaped after killing two prison guards during a bus transport in Geo...
(Georgia Department of Corrections via AP). This combo of undated photos provided Tuesday, June 13, 2017, by the Georgia Department of Corrections shows inmate Ricky Dubose, left, and Donnie Russell Rowe. A Georgia sheriff said officers were "desperate...
By KATE BRUMBACKAssociated Press
ATLANTA (AP) - Two Georgia cellmates who killed their guards and escaped from a prison bus have stolen a second vehicle as they try to stay ahead of a massive manhunt, a sheriff said Wednesday.
Donnie Russell Rowe, serving life without parole, and Ricky Dubose, who has prominent tattoos on their face and neck, took a white pickup truck from an industrial site sometime between 6 p.m. Tuesday and 6 a.m. Wednesday, potentially enabling them to get hours away before the theft was discovered, Putnam County Sheriff Howard Sills said.
Sills described the fugitives as violent repeat offenders and extremely dangerous, having taken the guards' 9 mm pistols. They urged anyone who sees them to call 911 immediately.
"They just murdered two corrections officers in a brutal fashion," Sills said. "They're not concerned with anything regarding human life."
Immediately after the killings early Tuesday, the pair carjacked a driver who happened to pull up behind the bus on a rural highway, and drove away in a "grass green," four-door 2004 Honda Civic with the Georgia license plate number RBJ-6601, authorities said.
They left 31 other inmates locked in the bus with the two dead guards, and took the driver's phone. By the time help arrived, they had vanished.
Hours later, authorities converged on the small city of Madison, about 25 miles to the north, where they determined the fugitives had ransacked a house around 10:30 a.m. Tuesday. Sills said they took some food and likely some clothes, since they left their prison uniforms behind.
Authorities put up roadblocks, only to discover Wednesday morning that the pickup had been stolen, from a site about 9 miles away from the burglary. Now authorities also are searching for a 2008 white Ford F250 pickup truck with the Georgia tag BCX-5372. Since they haven't found the Honda Civic yet, it's not clear whether the fugitives are still together.
"It's very frustrating," Sills said. "We need the public's help in locating these vehicles and locating these individuals."
Sills agreed with reporters that Dubose will have trouble hiding their prominent tattoos, which include crowns above their eyebrows, a star below their right ear and graffiti-style letters all across their neck. Sills said Dubose also has "ghost" tattooed on their right forefinger and "face" on their right pinky finger - signs of membership in the Ghost Face Gangsters.
Both escaped inmates were serving long sentences for armed robbery and other crimes. The Department of Corrections website indicates Rowe has been serving life without parole since 2002, and Dubose began a 20-year sentence in 2015.
The inmates have been cellmates more than once in Georgia's prisons, had known each other for "quite a while" and may have planned the escape together, Department of Corrections Assistant Commissioner Ricky Myrick said.
Baldwin State Prison officers Sgt. Christopher Monica and Sgt. Curtis Billue were driving 33 inmates between prisons when Rowe and Dubose overpowered them and then used the guards' guns to kill them around 6:45 a.m. Tuesday, authorities have said.
The other inmates have been questioned and a camera on the bus recorded the guards being shot, but corrections officials have not explained to the public how the pair managed to get through the inmate compartment's normally locked door.
"They were inside the caged area of the bus," Sills said. "How they got through the locks and things up to that area I do not know."
The sheriff said he's watched the bus video on a cellphone, and couldn't immediately tell which inmate fired the fatal shots.
Monica, 42, and Billue, 58, were both transfer sergeants at Baldwin State Prison. Monica had been with the Georgia Department of Corrections since October 2009 and Billue since July 2007.
"Officer Billue's family asks for prayers for all of those who are now placing their own lives at risk to bring these men to justice and asks anyone who has information that may assist in apprehending these perpetrators to please contact law enforcement," Jim Green, an attorney who's speaking for the Billue family, said in an email Tuesday.
The reward for information leading to their arrest grew Wednesday to $90,000, contributed by multiple agencies, Sills said.
Sills said it's likely the pair has left the Madison area. Many law enforcement officers from local, state and federal agencies are hunting for them. "They've certainly had time to get out of the state," Sills said.
__
Associated Press writers Kathleen Foody in Atlanta and Russ Bynum in Savannah, Georgia, contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Dundee United fans have expressed their disappointment at being unable to contact Scott Bain on Twitter after both city clubs had a contrasting weekend of results.
Bain was in the Dundee goal that shipped three goals in a 3-0 defeat at Hamilton that left the Dens outfit at the bottom of the Premiership table.
Going in the other direction are Dundee United, who top the Championship after two games following a 2-1 victory over Queen of the South.
The emotions after Saturday's games are very different to how supporters of both club's felt following Wednesday night's Betfred Cup derby at Dens Park.
Dundee won 2-1 to book their place in the last eight of the Betfred Cup and afterwards Bain hit back at taunts from United fans
The 25-year-old said: “I always get stick but I wouldn't have it any other way.
“If they can give it out and can take it back then that's fine by me.
“I've played them six times now and all they've done is won an extra point in a penalty shootout — I've never been beaten by them in a proper competitive game.
“I think I just silenced them a wee bit more there — they can enjoy the season down in the Championship!”
United fans, keen to respond to these comments after Saturday's games, were unable because Bain's account is locked.
One user tweeted: “I've got no interest in following him. Just wanted to noise up the master of bantz and was gutted they wasnae available!”
Another said: “Enjoys what banter? One sided banter funny banter, protected banter, nae banter?”
Mate, I've got no interest in following him. Just wanted to noise up the master of bantz and was gutted they wasnae available! pic.twitter.com/5XfaN7VRQU — Greg (@Greif87) August 13, 2017
Enjoys what banter? One sided banter funny banter, protected banter, nae banter? — tedro (@tedro317) August 12, 2017
Some Arabs felt Bain should have interacted in a similar way to former Dundee keeper Jamie Langfield.
One tweeted: “Key thing here is they can't take it and just blocks. Could take a lesson from Jamie Langfield. Top tweeter top banter.”
Key thing here is they can't take it and just blocks. Could take a lesson from Jamie Langfield. Top tweeter top banter. — Walter Rojas SC ⭐️ (@arabmackem) August 12, 2017
However, one user claimed that the Twitter account had been private for some time.
They tweeted: “It's been private for a while pal. I should know I tried to give them abuse.”
Comment
To those inclined to dismiss the fall of men like Harvey Weinstein and Matt Lauer and Louis C.K. and and Kevin Spacey and Al Franken and Roy Moore and Bill O'Reilly and Roger Ailes et al as a witch hunt or a moral panic, it would be tempting to miss the true import of the current watershed on sexual harassment and abuse.
This, perhaps paradoxically, should be seen by social conservatives as the most significant win they have scored in the culture wars in decades.
While those who have successfully brought such men to heel have largely hailed from the feminist left — and it would be unworthy to attempt to diminish either their bravery or their success — this should be one of the rare moments when elements of both the left and the right can claim a common victory.
For while the so-called Weinstein Effect has removed the veil of shame that has kept women silent in the face of sexual abuse, so too must it also spell the end of the sexual amorality that allowed that culture to fester unchallenged for generations.
The '60s-era sexual revolution granted us a swath of personal freedoms, both in law and in culture — the ability to experiment sexually, to date, to divorce, to consume pornography. Crucially, it granted recognition and legal rights to same-sex couples.
But no revolution comes without a cost.
As we can see in hindsight, the anything-goes era also gave cover to darker intentions; to predators whose abuses of power could be covered by victim blaming and euphemisms like “womanizing.” Their personal life is their business, right?
That consensus is coming to an end.
Imagine, for a moment, Hollywood director Roman Polanski; in 1977 they drugged, raped and sodomized a 13-year-old girl who came to their house to model. Polanski fled the country and has lived in exile ever since. The facts of that case were not in dispute when, in 2003, they received an Oscar for Best Director, along with the overwhelming adulation and a standing ovation from the entertainment elite. But the child looked so much older than 13, they said. It was so long ago.
Sexual harassment didn't just appear the moment women started taking the pill and working alongside men
Or take, Woody Allen, who continues to work unhindered despite the explicit and open allegations of their adopted daughter, Dylan Farrow, who said the man sexually assaulted them at the age of seven.
Could either of these men survive the current social climate had their accusers come forward in 2017?
Perhaps the most instructive example is that of former U.S. President Bill Clinton, who has been accused of a litany of sexual abuses, most infamously against a then 20-something intern, Monica Lewinsky.
The young woman's reputation and career were destroyed by the affair while the Clintons prevailed.
Republicans at the time tried to nail Bill Clinton on whether they lied about the affair under oath. Few bothered to consider whether it was fundamentally immoral for a man in a position of extraordinary power to engage in a relationship with a White House intern. In the liberated '90s, no doubt, such an argument would have been considered sexually naive, even quaint.
Famed feminist Gloria Steinem even penned an essay in the New York Times in Clinton's defence.
No one so prominent came to the defence of Monica Lewinsky, who was so diminished by the PR campaigns of their abusers that they were subsequently deemed too tartish to work as a spokesperson for Jenny Craig's weight loss program. What income Lewinsky made off their notoriety were quickly consumed by legal fees while the Clintons' millions compounded.
Even the sexual assault allegations surrounding current U.S. President Donald Trump are not being dismissed so callously today. Trump openly admitted to grabbing women in their genitals on talk radio and at least 20 women have come forward to complain about assault and harassment; but no one seems to be disputing that sexually assaulting women is bad, or that it's normal behaviour for men in power; rather, their supporters simply don't believe their accusers, imagining them tainted by political motivations.
This, in its own depressing way, is a kind of progress.
This is not the moment to be led into the temptation of nostalgia. Sexual harassment didn't just appear the moment women started taking the pill and working alongside men. The covenant of marriage didn't prevent rape, incest, molestation and abuse — although the culture that shrouded sexuality taboo was certainly more adept at keeping silent about it.
Further, no one is keen to give up the freedoms the revolution has permitted. We all seem to enjoy easy no-fault divorce and our extended sexual Rumspringa.
Those who currently dominate the conversation on sexual misconduct right now are those on the left, who seem to want to neuter the dangers of sexual liberation by couching it in demands of explicit and repeated affirmative consent codes; or they take an ironically puritan approach to alcohol consumption and sex.
I'm not sure this is going to work.
Further, the notion that the left has any kind of exclusive credibility on the file of sexual harassment and abuse is ahistoric. But the right loses sight of the battle altogether when it defends men like Trump and Roy Moore, who is currently contesting a senate seat in Alabama despite multiple credible allegations of women who say the then-30-something attorney general pursued them in their teens.
Moore, who rose to prominence by displaying a statue of the 10 commandments in the Alabama Judicial Building, has maintained a base of deeply devout Christian supporters through this latest scandal. This is not only hypocritical, but self-defeating. The persecution of Roy Moore and men like them are a good thing for those who claim to uphold moral virtue.
Hypocrisy in the name of partisanship will no longer do. The culture is beginning to shift in ways that social conservatives should embrace.
There should be no expectation that everyone will be held to the new sexual standard that emerges from this mire; but with the current round of public prosecutions, there is, once more, a sexual standard to be held to.
• Email: jgerson@nationalpost.com | Twitter: jengerson
AUGUSTA, Ga. — Other than perhaps the annual Tuesday night Champions Dinner, the moment at this first Masters since 1954 without Arnold Palmer that their absence was most deeply felt...
AUGUSTA, Ga. — Jack Nicklaus was 46 years old when they won the last of their six Green Jackets in 1986. They wouldn't be surprised if Phil Mickelson is able...
Jennair Gerardot, a marketing professional from Delaware, lay in wait for the younger woman with whom their husband was having an affair, and then murdered them inside their home, according to police.
After ambushing and then shooting Meredith Chapman, 33, to death in their home, Gerardot, 47, whose husband, Mark, was having an affair with the university marketing director, killed themselves inside their lover's home, police said. Chapman was a former candidate for state Senate. The murder-suicide occurred in the Rosemont section of Radnor Township, Pennsylvania, although Jennair Gerardot was from Wilmington, Delaware. Them husband was also a creative director at a university.
Jennair Gerardot brought a wig to the scene, police said.
Here's what you need to know:
1. Jennair Sent Mark a Series of Texts & Then Ambushed & Shot Chapman to Death
Police painted a chilling picture of the murder. They say that Jennair Gerardot texted their husband a series of messages “in which they laid out how they planned to kill the woman with whom they were having an affair,” according to Delaware Online.
According to police, Jennair lay in wait inside Chapman's home and then shot Chapmen and themselves to death. A short time later, a 911 call came in to police reporting a bloody scene and two women dead.
“It's not a love triangle. You had a man who was married that was having an affair with this other woman,” said Bill Colarulo, superintendent of Radnor Township police, in a news conference. “The wife knew about it. And this was a calculated, planned attack. They broke into the house. They were lying in wait, and they shot them as soon as they walked in, and then they shot herself.”
They added: “There were emails and text messages indicating what they planned to do, and the detectives are still sorting that out,” they said. “We believe the husband was in the area under the belief that they were meeting the other woman for dinner, and when they didn't show up, that's when they got concerned and showed up at the house. But again, that's unconfirmed and what we're working on right now.”
Mark Gerardot was supposed to meet Chapman for a date but discovered the bodies instead.
2. Mark & Jennair Gerardot Seemed Like the Perfect Couple on Social Media
“One of my favorite photos of my lovely wife,” Mark Gerardot wrote with the above photo of Jennair on their Facebook page. Professional photos show the couple holding hands and walking on a beach with their dog. Other photos are of the couple's dog and cat.
“Seemed so Perfect…” one person commented on the thread under a photo of the couple on Jennair's page. Jennair said on Facebook that they were from Fort Wayne, Indiana. They sometimes shared political events on Facebook, most recently an event called March Forward Virginia – March to the Polls.
The couple, formerly from South Carolina, was featured in a photo share on Facebook to an animal rescue organization that read, “Big paws up! Today, the Gerardot family is celebrating 1 year with Huck (formerly Rusty). Thank you GRRA for all the great work you do. We hope to find Huck a brother or sister golden rescue to join our little family later this fall.”
In September 2017, Jennair wrote, “This is a great Campaign! Please share,” linking to a Huffington Post article titled “This Is How Victim-Blaming Logic Would Play Out In Everyday Scenarios.”
They also shared a post that read, “Thinking NFL players are protesting ‘the flag,' is like thinking Rosa Parks was protesting public transportation.” Jennair posted an article critical of Japanese whaling, writing, “This makes me very depressed. No amount of resources can really help against what they are up against.” They also posted graphics about keeping family pets safe from fireworks on the 4th of July.
3. Chapman, a University Marketing Director, Wrote That ‘Love Never Fails'
Chapman described themselves on Facebook as “Creative, loving, fun, energetic. University of Delaware alum, marketer & professor. Love never fails.”
They described themselves as a “senior Executive Marketing Director at University of Delaware” and “Associate Business Consultant at Ruffalo Noel Levitz,” as well as “Adjunct Faculty at University of Delaware” and “Former Director of Digital Communication at University of Delaware.” However, Delaware Online said that Chapman was working for Villanova University at the time of their death.
A friend wrote under one photo of Chapman on Facebook, “Meredith my Undergrad TA two academic years ago is a UD cheerleader extraordinaire and so was their mama! She's on the side of the YouDee Van…Meredith was also a UD cheerer.”
Chapman wrote that they lived in Newark, Delaware and was from Landenberg, Pennsylvania. Photos indicated that they were recently married.
They were a political advocate, writing, in their most visible public Facebook post, “For the last six years, Luke's served on Newark City Council and has been a strong advocate for our neighbors and City. I've always had such pride casting my vote for him. As Luke is not running for re-election, I've been keenly interested in the candidates vying to fill their seat. On April 10, I'll be voting Jason Lawhorn For Newark, and I hope my neighbors will be doing the same. As a candidate, Jason has been to every neighborhood in our district. Prior to running, Jason has not only attended Council meetings but spoken on the record to ensure residents' voices were heard. Jason has solutions to address the current issues facing us and ideas for improving our City for the future. Hear from Jason in this Facebook Live to understand why I'm eager to vote #LawhornForNewark.”
4. Jennair Gerardot Described Herself as a ‘Confident' & ‘Resourceful' Marking Management Professional
Jennair Gerardot was also a marketing professional. On the surface, at least professionally, they and Meredith shared things in common. “Confident and resourceful Marketing Management professional with a unique blend of communications, creative and technical expertise at agency and corporate environments with over 16 years of marketing results at the entrepreneurial and national level for both BTB & BTC targets,” they wrote on their LinkedIn page.
Jennair listed a series of marketing jobs on their LinkedIn page, including working as a marketing manager for a company in South Carolina, working as a marketing manager and operations manager for Gerardot & Inc. in Indianapolis, Indiana, and working as a project manager and marketing services manager in other positions. They also worked as a lease analyst for a realtor.
Jennair Gerardot had a B.A. in Communications/Liberal Arts from Indiana University-Purdue, listing their GPA as 3.53, and also attended Butler University, according to their LinkedIn page. One professional who recommended Jennair on LinkedIn described them as having “a great personality” and said they were “a valuable asset.”
5. Chapman Ran Unsuccessfully for State Senate
Meredith Chapman tried their hand at politics. According to ABC 6, “She ran unsuccessfully for a state Senate seat in Delaware in 2016.”
“Most people who met Meredith were instantly dazzled by them They were full of energy, motivation and passion and drive,” former co-worker Katy O'Connell told the television station.
04/17/17 – 11:17 P.M.
Findlay City Council met to discuss how the Governors new budget will affect the city. Mayor Lydia Mihalik said there are three major points of the bill that could hurt the city.
Lydia Mihalik
Mihalik added that the bill allows the state to handle the tax collections of the city. The state will also be able to take 1% of the collections.
City auditor Jim Staschiak agreedsayingthat the bill will affect data collection.
Jim Staschiak
City Council will see a resolution that states their disapproval of these aspects of the state budget.
On this day 19 years ago, Michael Jordan hit the most memorable shot in NBA history, concluding their storybook career with the perfect ending.
(You're darn right I'm pretending the whole Wizards thing never happened.)
Let's go back to 1998. Game 6. NBA Finals. Jazz lead the Bulls 86-85 with 30 seconds left in the fourth. Utah has the ball, and Jordan does what they did so often during their career: Take over in the clutch…
19 years ago today: Bulls vs Jazz. Game 6. 1998 NBA Finals. MJ w/ 45 points and the game winner over Bryon Russell. pic.twitter.com/flTI0ky9N5 — Randy Cruz (@randyjcruz) June 14, 2017
The most underrated aspect of this sequence is Jordan's steal. They don't hesitate to double Karl Malone and pries the ball away form that year's league MVP without fouling.
The most overrated aspect of this sequence? Jordan's supposed push-off on Bryon Russell. A slight nudge? Maybe. They definitely did not push Russell.
There's hardly a followthrough. Russell was 6-foot-7, 225 pounds. They aren't going flying with a slight nudge. Here's how you know Jordan didn't push off: Russell did not immediately complain to the refs. If they had been pushed, that would have happened. It didn't.
It was Jordan's ridiculous crossover that sent Russell flying and gave the GOAT enough space to break Utah's hearts for a second consecutive season.
Carl Webster is a Sr. Solutions Architect for Choice Solutions, with over 38 years of IT experience, based in the Nashville, TN area. Webster has been working with application and desktop virtualization since 1990 and with Active Directory since 2001. Webster travels the world doing XenApp, XenDesktop, HP Moonshot and Active Directory projects. They hold the prestigious Citrix Technology Professional designation.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Netflix is on the verge of surpassing 100 million global subscribers, a testament to how much the video streaming service has changed the entertainment landscape since its debut a decade ago.
The company will reach that milestone this weekend if its projections are correct. Netflix made the prediction Monday with the release of its first-quarter earnings.
The service added nearly five million subscribers during the first three months of the year, and ended March with 98.7 million customers in roughly 190 countries.
Over the past decade, “what really did it for Netflix was the explosion of phones and tablets that allowed people to watch video everywhere,” said Wedbush Securities analyst Michael Pachter. “But Netflix clearly had a vision before those devices became so ubiquitous.”
About 51 million of Netflix's subscribers are in the U.S. By the end of this year, Piper Jaffray analyst Michael Olson expects the majority of the company's subscribers to be overseas. Netflix ended March with nearly 48 million subscribers outside the U.S.
Netflix CEO Reed Hastings called the 100 million subscriber mark “a good start” in a letter reviewing the company's first-quarter results.
The understated reaction reflects Hastings' ambition to build the world's largest video channel. The company's progress toward reaching that goal has helped drive Netflix's stock price progressively higher during the past five years, a stretch that has seen the video service add 72 million more subscribers.
Netflix currently has a market value of about $63 billion. Its stock rose $1.67 to $148.92 in Monday's extended trading, even though subscriber growth during the first quarter came in slightly below management forecasts.
For all its success, Netflix still has a ways to go to catch up with HBO, the popular pay-TV channel that has served as its role model. HBO has 134 million subscribers worldwide, including viewers paying for an internet-only version of the channel that was inspired by Netflix's success.
Other cable channels also are offering internet-only options as more viewers, especially younger people, eschew traditional TV packages and subscribe to streaming services instead.
The trend has confronted Netflix with more competition in the battle for household entertainment budgets. Netflix so far has answered the challenge by spending heavily on original shows such as “Stranger Things” and “House of Cards” and selling its service at a relatively low price. Netflix's subscriptions range from $8 to $12 per month, with the most popular option at $10.
“The model works from a consumer perspective because it is such a good value,” Pachter said.
But Pachter and other analysts wonder how long Netflix will be able to hold the line on price as its programming costs rise in tandem with its appeal to a more diverse international audience. Movie and TV studios typically also demand more money as more people subscribe to channels to in an effort to make as much as possible off their content.
As it is, Netflix expects to spend about $6 billion on programming this year.
Netflix hasn't given any inkling it will raise prices again. It lost some long-time U.S. subscribers after their rates went up by as much as $2 per month last year. Netflix had previously frozen prices for millions of subscribers at 2014 levels.
But if it wants to keep investors happy, the company will eventually have to improve its relatively low profit margin. The Los Gatos, California, company earned $178 million on revenue of $2.6 billion in the first quarter. Analysts predict Netflix will make $482 million on revenue of more than $11 billion for the entire year.
A costly international expansion has depressed Netflix's profits. Netflix had piled up $1.5 billion in operating losses on its international operations until the first quarter, when its streaming service outside the U.S. posted an operating profit of $43 million. But the company expects to lose another $28 million internationally in the current quarter.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
BEAU VALLON, Seychelles — Beneath the crystal-clear waters of the Indian Ocean island nation of the Seychelles, a fight is growing to save the coral reefs that shelter a range of creatures, from tiny invertebrates to the sprawling octopus, from climate change.
The fragile reefs act both as a protective barrier for coastlines and an attraction for the tourists who keep the country's economy going. But the reefs are also one of the first victims of rising ocean temperatures.
The Seychelles in some areas lost up to 90 percent of its coral reefs in 1998 in an environmental event known as bleaching, where coral in warming waters expel the colorful algae that live within their skeletons and, without their nutrients, starve. Another bleaching event occurred in 2016 after the reefs had partly recovered, said David Rowat, chairperson of the Marine Conservation Society Seychelles.
With further threats including overfishing and pollution, coral reefs around the world will reach their tipping point before the end of the century, disappearing more quickly than they can restore themselves, according to a study published in the journal Science last month.
The Seychelles government this year announced a pioneering deal where it swapped part of its sovereign debt for investment in marine protection areas.
Already, conservationists have launched a number of coral reef restoration projects around the nation's 115 islands. In one, more than 50,000 coral fragments have been nurtured and transplanted by a local charity, Nature Seychelles, in what the organization calls the world's largest coral restoration program.
The Marine Conservation Society has both land- and ocean-based coral nursery sites.
On a recent afternoon, an employee at one site in Beau Vallon painstakingly cleaned a nursery tank with a toothbrush. They and project leader Chloe Pozas spent the morning transferring tiny coral fragments, once collected from the seafloor, from the tanks to an underwater “rope nursery,” or improvised skeleton.
“When the corals are going to reach a suitable size when they are big enough, they are going to be outplanted back on the reef,” Pozas said.
About 1,700 miles away, off the island of Curieuse, the Seychelles National Park Authority has been moving corals grown in another rope nursery.
Divers delicately transfer the tiny corals to a degraded reef in a national marine park, then attach them using non-toxic epoxy resin.
After the 2016 bleaching event, experts noticed that some corals were more resilient than others. Those “super corals” were chosen for regrowth and transplanting.
“Restoration is really only a tool to try to help the reef to recover faster, especially because coral bleaching is projected to happen annually by 2050,” Pozas said.
The Seychelles government is working with Nature Seychelles to secure funding for a proposal to upscale coral farming efforts to a larger operation using new methods. The aim is to commercialize part of the operation so that it can financially sustain reef restoration well into the future, according to Nature Seychelles.
Those whose livelihoods rely on tourism are watching the efforts with interest.
“Obviously we have divers and snorklers and if we can continue to have healthy reefs and lots of fish, we got happy divers, they do lots of dives, the dive center makes more business, the government gets more tax money and everybody is happy,” said Glynis Rowat, who has managed one of the oldest diving centers in Beau Vallon for over 30 years.
Last year, Google announced that it was working on bringing AR to its Expeditions platform and since then, it has been testing AR expeditions with around one million students. Today, the company has made those AR tours available to everyone, adding around 100 of them to the Expeditions app. Now anyone can check out the planets of our solar system, Leonardo Da Vinci's inventions, the skeletal system, art and a number of other AR tours with their phone. "AR takes the abstract and makes it concrete to the students," California teacher Darin Nakakihara said in a statement. "We wouldn't be able to see a heart right on the desk, what it looks like when beating and the blood circulating."
Brenda Kent jumps on their boat as they and their husband leave the Biloxi Small Craft Harbor in Biloxi, Miss., on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017 to take the boat up river in advance of Tropical Storm Nate. Gulf Coast residents were bracing Friday for a fast-moving blast of wind, heavy rain and rising water as Tropical Storm Nate threatened to reach hurricane strength before a weekend landfall. The Sun Herald via AP John Fitzhugh
Many APIs will be deprecated, making it so they no longer work for developers of third-party apps. The Events API will no longer allow apps to RSVP to events for you, and two analytics tools will no longer offer app event metrics or exports from the analytics app. Third-party apps will also no longer be able to publish posts to Facebook for you via the Facebook Login API. Apps that currently have those permissions will only be able to do so until August 1st. Additionally, developers won't be able to use the Graph API to pull the name and bio of users that comment on posts on Instagram anymore; usernames and comments will remain, however.
Apps that publish to Pages via the Live API will be restricted to approved partners only. Developers have until the 1st of August to apply to the approved partner system. This will be required to keep publishing live and video on demand to Pages. Apps in development mode will have their call limits set to 200/page/app/hour, as well. Development apps will also only have access to info on admin, developer or tester users. Organic targeting, based on gender and language will also be deprecated for posts made with a third-party app. Some age-gating will still be allowed in a limited way. Apps won't be able to attach their name or logo to images in Messenger. Developers will also no longer be able to call for information on where photos were tagged, effective immediately.
Update: After E3 2017, we added a wealth of new details about Super Mario Odyssey.
Fans of open-world Super Mario games have been waiting for the plumber's next foray into a sandbox-style world since 2002's Super Mario Sunshine for the GameCube. After years filled with traditional Mario side-scrollers, we won't have to wait much longer for the spiritual successor to 3D Mario games like Super Mario Sunshine and Super Mario 64. At E3 2017, Nintendo announced that Super Mario Odyssey launches on October 27 for the Nintendo Switch.
If you're as excited about Mario's latest adventure as we are, we will be updating news, rumors, and everything we know about Super Mario Odyssey right here.
Mario's headed to the Big Apple … kind of
In the initial reveal trailer shown at the Nintendo Switch event in January, we learned Mario now hops in and out of their world and ours.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Mario pops out from under a manhole and jumps across a fictional version of New York City called “New Donk City,” which is filled with many recognizable city staples. There's people in work attire walking along sidewalks and across intersections, taxicabs in every direction, and tall buildings guarding the commercialized area. A plethora of signs and lampposts surround the busy streets, some of which model their real-life counterparts, while others look like question blocks transplanted from the Mushroom Kingdom. If the perplexed stare from the suited man in the trailer is any indication, Mario's interactions with regular-looking humans may be minimal, but they do talk to some people — in the trailer, they and a pair of women skip some rope.
You won't spend all of your time exploring New Donk City. In the reveal, Mario hops aboard an airship, suggesting players will be traveling great distances to reach the game's other locales. Airships have been part of the franchise since Super Mario Bros. 3, but they have almost always been used by Bowser and their minions. This time, Mario has their own airship. The appropriately painted red-and-white ship is equipped with three propellers on the bottom and a large sail above its dock. On the ship floor, there's an “M flag” — popularized in recent Mario titles as the symbol for a level checkpoint — and a globe. The globe presumably serves as the world hub for players to select there next destination, but it's unclear if players will be able to control the ship, or if they will merely press a button to jet off to a new area.
It's unclear if players will be able to control the ship, or if they will merely press a button to jet off to a new area
So far, Nintendo has shown a number of diverse environments for players to visit, many of which were touched upon in the E3 2017 presentation. The first, a desert town with “Day of the Dead” vibes looks like something out of Super Mario Sunshine. Elastic bands run between and above houses, and even the creatures inhabiting the town hark back to the GameCube classic.
Next, there's a dark woodland environment called Wooded Kingdom, which is occupied by a bunch of robots. The robots constantly spin in place with one hand in the air because Bowser has stolen their flowers. The robots are friends, not enemies — Mario is seen dancing with one of them next to a boom box later on. The wooded area contains enormous trees, and what appears to be an invisible, flower-covered path that stretches as Mario runs across it. The area has a few small reservoirs, and in one of them, we see the classic green pipe jutting out from its depths.
There's a spooky looking area with decaying green platforms covered partially in red. This could be a later section in the game, and given its appearance, perhaps even the entryway to Bowser's lair. The “POW” buttons, which have been circular in recent Mario titles, are shown once again as squares in this section of the game. There's also a curious beam of multicolored light in the distance.
Lastly, there's a colorful area that appears to be located on a beach. The beach is covered by large fluorescent rocks and creatures with fork legs and chef hats that can be best described as vegetable-esque. In this sequence, Mario is seen carrying a turnip while chasing a rabbit, which resembles the rabbit search in the basement of Super Mario 64. The cooking-themed area also has large bowls for Mario to jump in and over.
The end of the reveal trailer features a teaser reel of additional environments. The concrete fortress shown in the initial Nintendo Switch reveal trailer makes an appearance. Bullet Bills zoom along the Super Mario 64-esque structure. Mario can also at least ride one creature, as they hop on the back of a lion and gallops across a dark desert, which appears to be modeled after Ancient Egypt. In the Ancient Egypt section, there's also a treasure chest, possibly containing upgrades or special abilities. We also get a look at what could be the inside of Bowser's castle. It's possible, but not clear, that Bowser's fortress is located in New Donk City.
Most Super Mario games task Mario with rescuing Princess Peach from Bowser. Odyssey will follow the pattern: Bowser is in a tuxedo, and billboards for a “royal wedding” for King Koopa and Princess Peach are plastered throughout the city.
Thanks to Cappy, Mario's got a few new tricks
The same platforming goodness that the franchise has been known for will be at your fingertips. Along with the running, double- and triple-jumping, and sliding, Mario has at least a couple new tricks in their arsenal. Mario can perform a cannonball-sort of roll on their own, but most of their new tricks come from their sentient hat.
Cappy was originally a white top hat, but in Odyssey, the hat takes the form of Mario's traditional red lid. Cappy can be thrown and used as a trampoline of sorts to vault across hard-to-clear gaps. Cappy can collect coins when flung, be used as a boomerang weapon, and in a circular motion as a spin attack. But Cappy's greatest trick is that it allows Mario to temporarily “capture” characters and objects. As demonstrated in the E3 2017 trailer and Treehouse gameplay sessions, when Mario flings their hat into objects, they can inhabit them. From pedestrian and taxis, to Cheep, Goombas and even a dinosaur, Cappy gives players the power to explore the open world in a myriad of different ways.
Old tricks also have a new flavor in New Donk City. The hoods of cars act as springboards for Mario to jump on. Mario can swing and jump from light poles and signposts, too. Wall-jumping up buildings will likely take Mario to new heights atop skyscrapers. Mario can perform their long jump from the top of buildings. Mario can also hang from building ledges by their hands, and shimmy across when there isn't enough room to stand.
Since Hurricane Maria, people in Puerto Rico have been without easy access to electricity, clean drinking water, or food. Many are still staying in shelters; some are living in the ruins of their homes. The once-lush green trees were stripped bare and uprooted.
But all is not lost.
There are two quintessential Puerto Rican sounds that survived:
One is the plaintive song of the tiny coqui frog.
The other is the improvised Afro-Puerto Rican call-and-response musical tradition known as Plena.
Last Sunday, a group of musicians gathered in Calle Loiza, a San Juan neighborhood known for African-inspired folklore. The annual Calle Loiza festival had been cancelled because of the hurricane, but they didn't let that stop them from parading through the streets, playing hand drums and singing plenas.
"It's very, very Puerto Rican," says Emanuel Santana, a singer with the bands Plena Libre and Viento de Agua. "Every time a Puerto Rican hears the drums called panderos, you can have them come down in tears in a time like this. Of course, there's no electricity to even hear music. You have no MP3s right now. So we're back to basics."
The musicians traveled down the sidewalk, stopping at the few bars that have managed to open and are operating on generators. Along the way, they attracted followers who sang along.
Leading the group was Hector Matos - known as "Tito" Matos - a Grammy nominee born in Santurce, and one of Puerto Rico's best known pleneros. They drum and sings plenas about the love they have for the island.
"Love Mother Earth, respect of nature, you know, environment," they say, with their three-year-old son at their side. "Trying to use the moment to also teach the young generation these hurricanes are coming faster, bigger and stronger than ever, and that's because of us."
Matos is a member of the New York band Los Pleneros de la 21 and founder of Viento de Agua. He's recorded and toured with well-known musicians Eddie Palmieri, David Sanchez and Ricky Martin. They also own a restaurant in Calle Loiza called La Junta. The wooden building was demolished in the hurricane. After the storm, it was vandalized.
"I have to deal with the issues of the hurricane and also go back every day to try to salvage some stuff," they say. "But look at my face: we are happy. I mean, we are alive. All my family members are fine and well. And we can rebuild."
Even as Puerto Ricans continue to struggle to recover from the storm, Matos says they and their pleneros want to bring them a little joy with the music.
"We're all on standby," says Missy Adamus, a chef at La Junta. They say they are trying to rebuild the restaurant, their homes, their lives. But at least they still have their music.
"Music has brought back to life what was dead in Calle Loiza," they say.
Plenas are sometimes known as "singing newspapers," giving the latest updates on what people are feeling and the news of the day. The headline of this week's plenas was about the devastation of Hurricane Maria.
Winding through the neighborhood streets, they sing about resilience: "Our plena, our song, our music, is stronger - our community is stronger than Maria."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LAWRENCE, Kan. -- A father and husband in Lawrence, Kan. is facing deportation. Syed Jamal was detained by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents at their home in late January.
Jamal is an immigrant from Bangladesh who has lived in the US for more than 30 years.  They are married and has three children.
They earned their undergraduate and graduate degrees from the University of Kansas, and most recently has been teaching at Park University.
FOX 4's Shayla Patrick went to Lawrence on Saturday where many showed up for a letter writing campaign.
We're told an estimated 600 people showed up at houses of worship like this one today to write letters to government leaders trying to urge them to grant a stay of removal for their father so they can stay in the United States with their family.
An online petition to keep Syed in the US calls them a "well-respected Molecular Biologist" who has done research for the University of Kansas, Children's Mercy, Rockhurst University, and other entities.
Mr. Syed Ahmed Jamal, beloved Lawrence family man, scientist and community leader, has been detained by ICE agents and is being held in jail in Morgan County, Missouri awaiting deportation. Syed is a well-respected Molecular Biologist who has done significant research with the University of Kansas, Children's Mercy, Rockhurst University, and other local entities. They have lived in the United States for thirty years and has attained their undergraduate and graduate degrees here. Syed is a devoted supporter of their children's schools, regularly volunteering in classrooms and on site councils and recently mounting a campaign for a vacated school board seat. Syed is viewed as a leader within their faith community at the Lawrence Islamic Center as well.
ICE Released a statement saying Jamal was detained for overstaying their visa and violating a judges order to voluntarily depart the county.
Following news of their detainment community members have started online petitions, organized rallies and various outreach to campaign for Jamal's release.
“We are providing them the opportunity to write a letter and we have notaries that can write a letter and just give the ICE and whoever else who can make the decisions a picture of Syed as a person and why this community loves him,” said Susan Baker Andersen who co-organized the letter writing campaign.
“It's really touching and I'm never gonna forget how many people came, weather or not they knew our family personally but it feels great to know that the community, how small it may be is great. There are a lot of people who care about us here,” said Taseen Jamal, Syeds 14-year-old son.
Jamal being held in jail in Morgan County, Missouri awaiting deportation.
There's an online petition collecting signatures to help stop the deportation of Syed Jamal, as well as a GoFundMe account set up to help the Jamal family with legal costs.
ICE released a statement explaining why Syed was detained.
The long-rumored super fight between Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather was being targeted for Sept. 16 in Las Vegas, but now it appears the superstar showdown will have to look for a new home.
On Saturday night, the matchup between Saul “Canelo” Alvarez and Gennady “GGG” Golovkin was announced for the same date in Las Vegas.
Alvarez was fresh off a lopsided win over Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. before the fight with Golovkin was confirmed.
“We just lost our date to Canelo and Triple-G, but good, that's a good fight. I'll be at that one, too,” UFC president Dana White revealed when speaking to Fight Hub after the Alvarez vs. Chavez Jr. match.
Sources told FOX Sports that Sept. 16 was the date McGregor and Mayweather had planned to meet if the two sides could come together on an agreement for the mega-fight that's expected to be one of the biggest events of all time.
Now it looks like McGregor and Mayweather will have to look for a new date for their fight, assuming negotiations go well to put the matchup together. McGregor and White are expected to meet soon.
Unfortunately, it appears McGregor and Mayweather will now either need to move up the date for their proposed fight or push it back past September because Canelo vs. Golovkin is also expected to draw sizable numbers, even if it's not as big as the matchup between the biggest star in UFC history and boxing's retired pound-for-pound king.
As disappointed as White was that the date they wanted for McGregor vs. Mayweather was handed to another fight, he's still excited to see Canelo vs. Golovkin finally take place.
“Canelo looked good tonight, Canelo looked awesome. Triple-G's fun, man, he's the type of guy boxing needs, so it will be a fun fight. So is Canelo, Canelo went at it tonight,” White said.
“The fans win that fight. That's gonna be a real fight. That's gonna be a fun one.”
That bit about a picture being worth a thousand words? Nancy Farese is aiming higher than that.
As founder and executive director of CatchLight, a Berkeley-based nonprofit, Farese seeks to promote visual storytelling for social good.
How good? They throw out a few doozies.
“I think of classic iconic social images, like Earth from space in 1961,” they said. “It was the first time people had seen the Earth from a distance in all its fragility. A lot of environmental movements began to get launched. The napalm girl (who galvanized opposition to the Vietnam War) … The image of kids working on big machinery around the turn of the century that inspired child labor laws.
“We wanted to point kids, or anyone, toward the idea that a phone is an instrument that can be used for something more significant than cat pictures,” Farese said.
That was the impetus for CatchLight, and the muse for the Everyday Bay Area (#everydaybayarea) program, currently playing on an Instagram feed near you.
“It focuses on the power of photography and digital platforms,” Farese said of Everyday Bay Area. “What is the new California dream? It's different now from Ansel Adams and the Beach Boys days. Who lives here? What are their experiences of the California dream? Who is it we live with and how do they contribute to society?”
Like our Facebook page for more conversation and news coverage from the East Bay and beyond.
To that end, 18 professional photographers have been recruited as volunteers to populate the #everydaybayarea Instagram feed. In addition, students at First Exposures, a San Francisco nonprofit that seeks to empower 11- to 18-year-olds through photography, have been contributing to the feed as well.
It's high concept, for sure, especially for young students just beginning to develop a world view. But the sense of purpose and excitement in their voices is evident.
Lena Howard, 11, of Oakland got a camera from their grandfather last Christmas. They caught the shutter bug and was excited to hear about the Everyday Bay Area project.
“I love photography because it's a different way to express yourself,” they said. “I like to photograph motion. I like watching people when they're walking in big crowds.”
For 15-year-old Karla Guerrero of Oakland, Everyday Bay Area was an extension of a hobby with which they have long been familiar.
“Ever since I was young I enjoyed taking pictures, doing my own wall of pictures,” they said. “It's kind of my coping strategy.”
This summer Guerrero has practiced photography in San Francisco, and on San Francisco Bay thanks to a sailboat cruise courtesy of First Exposures. A big adjustment was going from posting photos on their bedroom wall to seeing them on Instragram for the world to admire.
“I don't usually show my work to other people,” they said. “It's like putting myself out there.”
For Patrick Hogan, an adult contributor to Everyday Bay Area, the program has been a way to connect to their new surroundings. A recent transplant to Sunnyvale from Ohio, Hogan says he's “trying to find my way in photography.”
They find themselves drawn to the surfing lifestyle which they find “ionic.”
“I look for humanistic qualities, the character of the Bay Area,” the 23-year-old Hogan said.
So in that sense, Farese is succeeding with their program, convincing budding artists to expand their field of view and elevate their sights.
“I just think we don't have enough opportunities to express unbound creativity,” they said. “At least point kids in that direction. Reward them for pushing the boundaries of the way they see the world. Art is uniquely powerful. And today there are more ways than ever to get your stories out.”
Even without words and cats.
When building a Linux installation, there are two options. The first option is to find a super-fast solid state drive. This will ensure very fast boot times and overall speed when accessing data. The second option is to go for a slower but beefier spinning disk hard drive – one with fast RPMs and a large amount of storage. This ensures a massive amount of storage for applications and data.
However, as some Linux users are aware, solid state drives are nice, but expensive, and spinning disk drives have a lot of storage but tend to be slow. What if I told you that it was possible to have both? A super-fast, modern solid state drive powering the core of your Linux and a large spinning disk drive for all the data.
In this article we'll go over how to install Ubuntu Linux with separate root and home hard drives – with root folder in the SSD and home folder in the spinning disk hard drive.
Setting up a multi-drive Linux installation is great and something advanced users should get behind. However, there is another reason for users to do a setup like this – low-storage-capacity laptops. Maybe you have a cheap laptop that didn't cost much, and Linux was installed on it. It's not much, but the laptop has an SD card slot.
This guide is for those types of computers as well. Follow this guide, and instead of a second hard drive, maybe go out and buy a fast and speedy SD card for the laptop, and use that as a home folder. This tutorial will work for that use case too!
Start out by heading over to this website to download the latest version of Ubuntu Linux. Then download the Etcher USB imaging tool. This is a very easy-to-use tool and supports all major operating systems. You will also need a USB drive of at least 2 GB in size.
Install Etcher, then launch it. Make an image by clicking the “Select Image” button. This will prompt the user to browse for the ISO image. Find the Ubuntu ISO file downloaded earlier and select it. From here, insert the USB drive. Etcher should automatically select it. Then, click the “Flash!” button. The Ubuntu live disk creation process will begin.
To boot into Ubuntu, configure the BIOS. This is needed so that the computer will boot the newly-created Ubuntu live USB. To get into the BIOS, reboot with the USB in, and press the correct key (Del, F2, or whatever the key is on your particular machine). Find where the option is to enable booting from USB and enable it.
If your PC does not support booting from USB, burn the Ubuntu image to a DVD.
When Ubuntu first loads, the welcome screen appears with two options. Select the “Install Ubuntu” button to proceed. On the next page the Ubiquity installation tool asks the user to select some options. These options aren't mandatory and can be ignored. However, it is recommended that both boxes be checked, as they save time after the installation, specifically with the installation of MP3 codecs and updating the system.
After selecting both boxes in the “Preparing to install Ubuntu” page, it will be time to select the installation type. There are many. However, with this tutorial the option required is the custom one. To get to the custom installation page, select the “something else” box, then click continue.
This reveals Ubuntu's custom installation partitioning tool. It will show any and all disks that can install Ubuntu. If two hard drives are available, they will appear. If an SD card is plugged in, it will appear.
Select the hard drive that you plan to use for the root file system. If there is already a partition table on it, the editor will show partitions. Delete all of them, using the tool. If the drive isn't formatted and has no partitions, select the drive with the mouse, then click “new partition table.” Do this for all drives so that they both have partition tables.
Now that both drives have partition tables (and partitions deleted), the configuration can begin. Select the free space under drive one, then click the plus sign button to create a new partition. This will bring up the “Create partition window.” Allow the tool to use the entire hard drive, then go to the “Mount Point” drop-down menu. Select / as the mount point, then the OK button to confirm the settings.
Do the same with the second drive. This time select /home as the mount point. With both drives set up, select the correct drive the boot loader will go to, then click the “install now” button to start the installation process.
The installation process from here is the standard installation. Create a username, select the timezone, etc.
Notes: Are you installing in UEFI mode? A 512 MB, FAT32 partition will need to be created for boot. Do this before creating any other partitions. Be sure to select “/boot” as the mount point for this partition as well.
If you require Swap, create a partition on the first drive before making the partition used for / . This can be done by clicking the “+” (plus) button, entering the desired size, and selecting “swap area” in the drop-down.
The best thing about Linux is how configurable it is. How many other operating systems let you split up the file system onto separate hard drives? Not many, that's for sure! I hope that with this guide you'll realize the true power Ubuntu can offer!
Would you use multiple drives in your Ubuntu installation? Let us know below in the comments.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Drax power station in North Yorkshire has been switching to biomass from coal
The UK has not generated electricity from coal for more than three days - the longest streak since the 1880s.
The new record comes just days after the last record of 55 hours was set, National Grid said.
The coal-free period began on Saturday at 1000 BST and has continued into Tuesday afternoon.
Power generated from wind and gas dominated the mix of energy for users in England, Scotland and Wales.
Just last week the UK grid recorded its first two-day period without using any power from the fossil fuel, which the government has pledged to phase out by 2025.
Coal accounted for less than 7% of the power mix last year, according to official figures.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption A wind farm in mid-Wales
In April, 2017 the UK went its first full day without coal since the 19th century.
However, experts warned that power generated by coal was largely being replaced by gas, another fossil fuel rather than renewable sources.
Andrew Crossland, of the Durham Energy Institute, said gas generated 40% of the UK's electricity and fuelled nearly all domestic heating: "As a country we consume nearly eight times more gas than coal."
That reliance on gas made the UK vulnerable to the whims of international markets and was "nowhere near clean enough" to meet the UK's legal targets to cut greenhouse gas emissions.
They called for more investment in renewable technologies, such as solar panels and batteries, to store power for homes and businesses, along with better energy efficiency to reduce power use.
Aidan O'Brien feels that it is now or never to try Churchill over 10 furlongs in next week's Juddmonte International at York.
After side stepping an outing with the son of Galileo in the Sussex Stakes at Goodwood on account of the soft ground the Ballydoyle handler will now step the English and Irish 2000 Guineas winner up to a mile and a quarter.
Should Churchill take their chances on the Knavesmire it will see them renew their rivalries with Barney Roy, whom they finished fourth behind in the St James's Palace Stakes at Royal Ascot on their most recent start.
O'Brien told www.sportinglife.com: "Churchill looks like they are going to go there. We are happy with them and we are looking forward to it.
"If they are going to go there (mile and a quarter) we need to try it now. We always thought it would be well within their compass."
Irish Derby winner Capri could bid to bolster their position at the the head of the market for the William Hill St Leger with an outing in the Betway Great Voltigeur.
O'Brien added: "Capri is in it and Venice Beach is in it. That type of horse they are all there. The horse that won at Leopardstown the other night (Spanish Steps) is in it. So we have three or four possibles for that."
Plans are in place to drop Washington DC back down to the minimum trip on the Knavesmire for a second shot at the Coolmore Nunthorpe Stakes.
The son of Zoffany gained their second win of the season after landing a six furlong Group Three at the Curragh on Sunday.
They added: "That is where they could end up next. A fast pace and following the other horses will suit him. That's very possible."
CAIRO: Sudan's President Omar Al-Bashir has met their Egyptian counterpart in Cairo, as the two countries look to repair ties that were recently frayed over an upstream Nile dam being built by Ethiopia.At a joint press conference Monday, Al-Bashir and Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sisi vowed to cooperate in managing the effects of the dam, which Egypt fears will cut into its share of the river. The Nile provides virtually all of Egypt's freshwater, serving as a lifeline for the country's 100 million people.Tensions had risen in recent months, when Sudan appeared to take Ethiopia's side in the dam negotiations and revived a longstanding border dispute with Egypt. Ethiopia has vowed to go ahead with the dam despite Egypt's concerns, saying it is vital for the east African country's development.
Construction continues on the Robinson Grand Performing Arts Center in downtown Clarksburg.
WBOY had the chance to take a look at the progress with the new executive director.
"I want it to really be a wow factor," said Robinson Grand Performing Arts Executive Director Ryan Tolley.
Just a few weeks on the job, and Tolley has big plans.
"The theatre's budget is one of the major items," said Tolley. "Sponsorship opportunities. Those could be large corporate sponsors all the way down to sponsoring a seat. along with the budget is planning our schedule of events. That includes our big opener as well as what we can carry throughout the year and of course the budget and the events play hand in hand."
Also on Tolley's to-do list, hire a technical director and volunteer coordinator.
"Continue to build relationships with organizations, with businesses, with everyone around because this is a community theatre, a community endeavor and we want to involve as many folks as we can," said Tolley.
City officials say right now construction is on track for a late summer/early fall 2018 grand opening.
"Complete overhaul of the lobby area," said Clarksburg City Manager Martin Howe. "It was not ADA accessible. So the new steps have been placed in. And a new ADA accessible ramp has been placed."
Moving outside.
"The west addition it will consist of dressing rooms, prop shops, loading docks and on the second floor there will also be an opportunity for an educational center or a banquet room as well," said Howe.
The bar on the second floor of the theatre starts to take shape, as well as masonry work on the outside of the building.
"They are going to see a very technically updated and advanced facility offering all the concessions and anything that any theatre could offer but with that old flair that everyone knew from the Robinson Grand and keeping that character of Clarksburg still here," said Tolley.
The committee took no action on the district's needs assessment list last month, which included a new high school in Mt. Juliet on property adjacent to W.A. Wright Elementary School, estimated at $110 million.
Wilson County finance director Aaron Maynard said it would cost 12-18 cents on the tax rate to fund a new high school in Mt. Juliet, dependent upon how the debt payment is structured. Maynard also reiterated their statements following last year's tax increase, noting the county would be strapped for funds for future school construction projects until 2025, based on projections, noting any project would likely require a tax increase.
Board member Wayne McNeese shared their thoughts on the budget committee's meeting and the district's potential next step Thursday.
“What I hear is that there's not much of a chance of spending $110 million in property taxes in the next couple of years. If that is the case, when will we start our plan B as far as rezoning, because I think we're going to have to do that,” McNeese said.
“I think that would be some discussions that would have to occur at the next board meeting after the county commission meets,” Wilson County Schools deputy director Mickey Hall said.
“I think it's important to say that there will be rezoning all over the county. We're not just talking about Lebanon and Watertown. They're going to occur everywhere,” board chairperson Larry Tomlinson said of the potential rezoning.
Hall said if the district were forced to consider rezoning, the moves would not eliminate the district's overcrowding issues.
“I can't push them out of this one school and make this one overloaded and all of that. You take the pieces of the puzzle and redistribute them and make the puzzle look how it's supposed to look,” they said. “With rezoning, you're still going to have three high schools with 2,000 kids. We're not creating capacity. We're moving kids. We're not building schools. You're basically letting Mt. Juliet get 200-300 kids out of it, but you're redistributing the other schools. They're losing kids, but they're also filling back up.”
Wilson County Schools director Donna Wright also noted the potential school populations inflation based on middle school populations, including Mt. Juliet Middle School, which has more than 1,600 students.
They also noted the numerous construction projects expected to begin throughout the county in the next few years that have not made an impact on the district yet.
Hall said if the doors to the new high school opened tomorrow, it would have 1,507 students – all from the county's northwest corner population. They noted Willoughby Station, rumored to have a lessened impact on the district's enrollment than recent years, currently has 300 students.
A female motorist crashed in Queens on Wednesday night and then handed their infant passenger to a bystander before fleeing on foot, law enforcement sources said.
“I'm going to jail, take the baby,” the woman said, according to a witness.
The woman first hit a white SUV near 101st Avenue and Woodhaven Boulevard before they blew a red light and crashed again — around the corner, into a stop sign and fence outside of Elizabeth Blackwell Middle School at about 6:40 p.m., a male witness said.
The driver then got out of their car and handed a year-old girl to a female bystander, along with a note with the name and phone number of the tyke's father, cops and a witness said.
The woman, who is still at large, left a shoe behind as they bolted away on foot.
The little girl was taken to a local hospital for observation, police said.
What the brightest minds are reading this summer It's beach time for On the Money. and that means that while it's time to kill some brain cells with tequila, it's also time to fill 'er up with some...
Ari Emanuel says leaving ICM was their toughest moment Ari Emanuel's dramatic, Hollywood script-worthy exit from talent agency ICM more than 20 years ago was the mogul's biggest professional fight, the WME/IMG co-CEO recalled on Sunday. “It was the...
UFC plans to add real-time, MLB-style stats to broadcasts Mixed Martial Arts junkies are soon going to get MLB-style stats illustrating just how tough the fighters are. That's according to a new plan outlined by UFC and owner WME/IMG...
David Rhodes fight prompted Scott Pelley's 'Evening News' exit Pelley's power agent Ari Emanuel had a “s—tty meeting” with Rhodes during Pelley's last round of contract negotiations.
Ari Emanuel hosts dinner celebrating Mark Bradford Guests included “The Matrix” producer and art collector Joel Silver, billionaire Henry Kravis.
Donald Trump gets advice from Hollywood agent Ari Emanuel Trump introduced the super-agent to reporters by pointing to them and declaring: "The king of Hollywood."
All these celebrities just bought a chunk of UFC The UFC has new owners. A lot of them. It was announced during Thursday night's episode of “Conan” by host Conan O'Brien that a group of celebrity investors represented by...
France and the U.S. may have worked together to strike the Syrian regime's chemical weapons infrastructure on April 13. but the two countries have had different objectives. U.S. President Donald Trump has said they want to reduce the U.S. presence there, while French President Emmanuel Macron has stepped up French engagement in the region. Macron is now hoping their pomp-filled Washington visit will help convince Trump to follow their lead.
Trump should listen. France worries that a U.S. pullout from Syria would risk turning what's left of the country into an Iranian puppet state, a haven for Sunni jihadi terrorism, or both. It would also be a precursor to massive bloodshed while Bashar al-Assad finishes off their enemies, something France finds unacceptable. France's official goals in Syria -- a negotiated end to the conflict that gives all the parties a credible stake in the country's future, defeats terrorist movements, and pushes for as much humanitarian support for civilians as possible -- are the right ones. But while America's leadership dithers over its options in Syria, Macron has displayed a combination of flexibility and toughness that not only serves France's interests but should suit Trump's too.
Macron's position took shape soon after their election when, with cunning realism, they reversed France's previous policy of making Assad's ouster a precondition to talks on the country's future. At the same time, they made a "red line" declaration of their own, purposefully echoing the warning made but not enforced by former U.S. President Barack Obama and French President Francois Hollande. When it became clear that the Assad regime had crossed that line, Macron declared that they wanted an international effort to strike Assad's chemical weapons infrastructure, but signaled that they would act alone if need be. Trump too was eager for a show of force that contrasted with Obama's inaction. The rest was easy, but what comes next isn't.
In France, the strikes were viewed positively. They damaged, if not crippled, Assad's WMD infrastructure and made Russian President Vladimir Putin, who had positioned sophisticated air defenses in the region, look weak. The episode also strengthened French credibility in the region. Shortly before the episode, Turkey had attacked various positions held by French-backed Kurdish militia, in an obvious test of the new French president's resolve. France promptly reaffirmed its commitment to the region, and Turkey backed down.
Macron's approach to Syria isn't all muscle, though. France has worked hard to be a pivotal power in the Syrian conflict and is pretty much the only party to the conflict that can command the respect and attention of all other parties. France wants to be seen as an honest broker, able to enforce red lines but also sensitive to the complex interests of different parties.
France is one of the most active countries in the UN on Syria issues. While aligned with the U.S. and U.K. in pushing back against Russia's provocations, France consistently insists on dialogue and refrains from rhetoric that would anger Moscow. In a TV interview held shortly after the strikes, Macron emphasized that they spoke with Putin multiple times before and after.
France is also fighting to keep the Iran nuclear deal alive when Trump would scuttle it. The country has links stretching back decades with Syria's Baathist regime. Turkey and Israel are long-standing partners, despite France's many differences with both. And France enjoys good relations with many Sunni Arab Gulf countries; Macron just held a successful bilateral summit with Saudi Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman.
All of these positions have been carefully cultivated and make France a key U.S. ally in any resolution to the conflict. France has vital interests in Syria: Islamic State, now in its death throes, has many French fighters keen to return home to wreak havoc there once defeated in Syria; France wants to ensure they are not able to do that.
Macron rightly feels that France cannot afford to defend the international community's interests all by itself. Meanwhile, Trump, consciously or not, is grasping for a third way in Syria that is neither a complete disengagement that would make them look weak, nor a heavy presence that goes counter to their foreign policy instincts and that they know would be unpopular. They should let their French counterpart take the lead.
This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners.
When rapper Pusha T responded to Drake's diss track with a new song of their own, “ The Story of Adidon ,” on Tuesday night, they had a lot to say.
But one of the more notable things they mentioned on the track was that Drake allegedly has a baby named Adonis.
And according to Pusha, who called in to Power 105.1's The Breakfast Club on Wednesday morning, Drake also has a new Adidas line coming out called Adidon, which is “named after Adonis.”
“We couldn't know about the child until you start selling sweatsuits and sneakers?” Pusha said in the interview.
“We don't know [if he's a deadbeat dad]. We just know that we couldn't know until they sold a sweatsuit ... Who rolls out their child with a sweatsuit? Like, get out of here. What are you doing?”
In addition to alleging Drake is the father of a secret child, Pusha also took up an issue with an old photoshoot of Drake in blackface, which they used as the cover art for “The Story of Adidon.”
“We talked about the writing or whatever, the ghostwriting allegations, alright cool we off that. Now you're getting to the mimicking of the black culture, blackface. Okay, I'm not ready to excuse that,” they said.
“I'm not really ready to excuse you talking multimillionaire songs with me and you're tucking a baby. I'm not with all of that.” Pusha went on to say they don't “even hang with my friends who have child support issues.”
Actor John Goodman was spotted out and about on Tuesday, May 29, looking rather depressed. Paparazzi caught up with Goodman, who was walking their dog in New Orleans, Louisiana, where they live. The actor, who has been part of the Roseanne cast for several years, didn't look too happy in the snapshots posted by TMZ.
It could be worse #johngoodman You could be working with Boyer. pic.twitter.com/uJGzLiRp5W — Dave Rickards (@DaveRickards) May 30, 2018
Goodman played the role of Dan Conner on the popular sitcom, which was recently rebooted. The show's wild success earned it a green light for another season, which was set to air in the fall.
According to Variety, Roseanne ended its first season as the “No. 1 scripted primetime television series in the 18-49 demo, according to Nielsen live-plus-same say numbers.” However, following a Twitter tirade from lead actor, Roseanne Barr, ABC decided to pull the show from its lineup.
In one of Barr's tweets, the actor took aim at former Barack Obama aide, Valerie Jarrett, calling them the offspring of the “Muslim Brotherhood & Planet of the Apes.” The racist comment sparked major controversy on social media with thousands of Twitter users calling for ABC to pull Roseanne from the air. A few hours later, a decision was made.
“Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel their show,” ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey said in a statement released.
Barr released an apology for them tweet.
“I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans. I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about their politics and them looks. I should have known better. Forgive me-my joke was in bad taste. I am now leaving Twitter,” Barr wrote. They continued on a Twitter rant on Wednesday.
While Goodman and the rest of the Roseanne cast are now out of a job, The Hollywood Reporter confirms that many of the actors involved with the show will still earn their due paychecks.
“Per multiple insiders, reps for the stars, including Sara Gilbert, Laurie Metcalf and John Goodman, who recently negotiated new deals for the 11th season at $350,000 an episode (up from $250,000 a year before and still shy of Barr's estimated $500,000 per-episode fee), are expecting to still be compensated for the season since, as many notes, ‘their options were exercised.' Or at least that's the case they intend to make if ABC opts not to pay them for the jettisoned season. ‘They'll lawyer up if they have to,' says a source with ties to the show.”
Goodman has not commented publicly on Barr's tweets or Roseanne‘s cancellation.
Actress Sara Gilbert posted the following reaction to Barr's bothersome tweets.
“Roseanne's recent comments about Valerie Jarrett, and so much more, are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show. I am disappointed in their actions to say the least. This is incredibly sad and difficult for all of us, as we've created a show that we believe in, are proud of, and that audiences love— one that is separate and apart from the opinions and words of one cast member,” Gilbert tweeted.
SAN FRANCISCO, US: Nokia launched the world's fastest network chips on Wednesday, marking a breakthrough into the core router market dominated by rivals Juniper and Cisco, while giving a boost to its existing network business.
The new traffic routers can handle the greater demands of virtual reality programming, cloud-based Internet services and next-generation mobile communications, the Finnish company said.
Nokia's new products should help it win business with so-called “web-scale” customers such as Facebook, Google and Amazon – for whom transmission speed is everything and who are still increasing spending on network gear, unlike its traditional base of telecoms customers.
They grew out of Nokia's 15.6 billion-euro ($17.5 billion) 2016 acquisition of Alcatel and its IP network gear business.
“We need networks with little or no delay... that are able to respond 10 times faster than they do today” Nokia Chief Executive Rajeev Suri told a news conference.
They will also serve Nokia's existing customers who want speed but must still contend with legacy gear needed to run existing services, as they are compatible with older products.
“Nokia will have the highest-performance system capacity in the market, and a lot of those web-scalers, they just want speed,” Ray Mota, principal analyst at ACG Research, told Reuters.
Nokia is introducing its latest FP4 silicon chipset capable of processing data at 2.4 terabits per second.
These will be built into routers to operate both ultra high-speed “core” networks at the heart of the biggest Internet services and also “edge” networks that link data centers to front-line customer services on mobile or fixed-line networks.
The new chipsets are set to ship in the fourth quarter, with routers using FP4 chips ready in first quarter of next year.
The former Alcatel IP networks business is already the world's No. 2 player in edge routers behind Cisco, having displaced Juniper Networks, which is now No. 3.
The Nokia business also competes with China's Huawei in router markets outside the United States, where Huawei is barred for national security reasons.
Nokia faces flat capital spending among its telecom customer base, leading it to pursue more business from web-scale players, which have doubled their spending on network equipment over the past four years, Mota said.
Petabits
Nokia is introducing the 7950 petabit-class router aimed at the core routing market to help it win business from customers such as Facebook and Twitter. A petabit can transmit 5,000 two-hour-long high-definition videos every second.
For edge network customers, Nokia is introducing its 7750 router, offering the highest traffic capacity on the market.
Mota said the Nokia 7750 can deliver speeds of up to 4.8 terabits per slot, compared with Juniper's 3 terabit edge router speeds, which had been the industry's fastest. A terabit can transfer a high-definition Netflix TV episode in one second.
Beyond sheer speed, there is enough processing power head-room in its new chipset to offer built-in security features to fend off the growing threat of distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks.
BT managing director and chief network architect Neil McRae said the British telecoms operator, an early customer of Nokia's new products, is already running thousands of 7750 edge routers and hundreds of 7950 systems in its core network.
“If you look at London, one of the busiest parts of our network, we need this platform today,” McRae said. (Additional reporting by Jussi Rosendahl in Helsinki)
SAN FRANCISCO, US: Nokia launched the world's fastest network chips on Wednesday, marking a breakthrough into the core router market dominated by rivals Juniper and Cisco, while giving a boost to its existing network business.
The new traffic routers can handle the greater demands of virtual reality programming, cloud-based Internet services and next-generation mobile communications, the Finnish company said.
Nokia's new products should help it win business with so-called “web-scale” customers such as Facebook, Google and Amazon – for whom transmission speed is everything and who are still increasing spending on network gear, unlike its traditional base of telecoms customers.
They grew out of Nokia's 15.6 billion-euro ($17.5 billion) 2016 acquisition of Alcatel and its IP network gear business.
“We need networks with little or no delay... that are able to respond 10 times faster than they do today” Nokia Chief Executive Rajeev Suri told a news conference.
They will also serve Nokia's existing customers who want speed but must still contend with legacy gear needed to run existing services, as they are compatible with older products.
“Nokia will have the highest-performance system capacity in the market, and a lot of those web-scalers, they just want speed,” Ray Mota, principal analyst at ACG Research, told Reuters.
Nokia is introducing its latest FP4 silicon chipset capable of processing data at 2.4 terabits per second.
These will be built into routers to operate both ultra high-speed “core” networks at the heart of the biggest Internet services and also “edge” networks that link data centers to front-line customer services on mobile or fixed-line networks.
The new chipsets are set to ship in the fourth quarter, with routers using FP4 chips ready in first quarter of next year.
The former Alcatel IP networks business is already the world's No. 2 player in edge routers behind Cisco, having displaced Juniper Networks, which is now No. 3.
The Nokia business also competes with China's Huawei in router markets outside the United States, where Huawei is barred for national security reasons.
Nokia faces flat capital spending among its telecom customer base, leading it to pursue more business from web-scale players, which have doubled their spending on network equipment over the past four years, Mota said.
Petabits
Nokia is introducing the 7950 petabit-class router aimed at the core routing market to help it win business from customers such as Facebook and Twitter. A petabit can transmit 5,000 two-hour-long high-definition videos every second.
For edge network customers, Nokia is introducing its 7750 router, offering the highest traffic capacity on the market.
Mota said the Nokia 7750 can deliver speeds of up to 4.8 terabits per slot, compared with Juniper's 3 terabit edge router speeds, which had been the industry's fastest. A terabit can transfer a high-definition Netflix TV episode in one second.
Beyond sheer speed, there is enough processing power head-room in its new chipset to offer built-in security features to fend off the growing threat of distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks.
BT managing director and chief network architect Neil McRae said the British telecoms operator, an early customer of Nokia's new products, is already running thousands of 7750 edge routers and hundreds of 7950 systems in its core network.
“If you look at London, one of the busiest parts of our network, we need this platform today,” McRae said. (Additional reporting by Jussi Rosendahl in Helsinki)
× One hospitalized in Prairie Village shooting
PRAIRIE VILLAGE, Kan. — Police are investigating after a man was shot multiple times after trying to stop a burglary. The shooting happened Friday night at about 11:30 in the 2500 block of 73rd St. The house is in the vicinity of the Indian Hills County Club.
The victim was hospitalized with life-threatening injuries, but police say their condition has improved. Investigators say the suspect appeared to be driving a dark-colored sedan, and didn't have a detailed physical description.
If anyone has information regarding this crime, contact the Prairie Village Police Department at (913) 642-5151, or the TIPS Hotline at (816) 474-8477.
The Mooch is ​back​!
​In what is sure to be must-see TV, ​”The Late Show with Stephen Colbert” has booked embattled former White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci for its Monday show, the host announced Wednesday.
​​
“On Monday 8/14 Anthony Scaramucci will be my guest on @colbertlateshow. This is just a heads-up for our censors to get ready! #themooch,” Colbert tweeted.
Colbert spent almost every night of Scaramucci's brief 10-day tenure in the Oval Office mocking the former Wall Streeter's foul mouth and combative public appearances.
“The front stabber has been backstabbed,” Colbert said after they were ousted.
“He said they were going to fire everybody and, I've got to admit, they delivered. The Mooch lasted as communications director for only 10 days. That's not even a whole pay period.”
Rahanna Bisseret Martinez, a 13-year-old from Oakland, finished a close second Friday night during the Season 1 finale of “Top Chef Junior.”
Martinez was edged out by 14-year-old Chef Owen Pereira of Baltimore, MD. in the gastronomic showdown.
“Top Chef Junior,” a kid-friendly spin-off of Bravo's hit show “Top Chef,” debuted in October on the Universal Kids channel and started with some of the best chefs aged 11-14 from across the country. Over the past three months Owen and Rahanna have been put to the test in professional challenges like “restaurant wars” and the “quickfire challenge” as they rose to the top of the pack.
“These young chefs were incredible all season long, cooking their hearts out and giving even seasoned chefs like myself a run for our money with their talent,” said “Top Chef Junior” head judge Curtis Stone. “Owen has shown incredible talent all season long and we're so proud to name them the first ever ‘Top Chef Junior.'”
The season finale brought Owen and Rahanna together in a head-to-head challenge in which they were required to cook a three-course meal representing their past, present, and future. “Top Chef” winner Brooke Williamson and alum Shirley Chung, along with fellow “Top Chef Junior” Season 1 contestants Henry and Milo, served as the sous chefs for the finalists.
The meal was judged by special guests, including two-Michelin star chef Josiah Citrin, chef Richard Blais, recurring guest judges Gail Simmons, Tiffany Derry, and Antonia Lofaso, as well as host Vanessa Lachey and head judge Stone.
In a close deliberation, Owen was awarded the coveted title of “Top Chef Junior” and a $50,000 cash prize.
According to an NBC online site, Rahanna first learned how to cook by watching American chef and TV personality Julia Child. Child, they say, was an inspiration to them and showed amateur chefs could cook just as well as professionals, something they hope to do with children their age one day.
Throughout the show they showcased their love and passion for Mexican and Louisiana cuisine, exploring different depths of flavor and complex elegant styles.
“I really liked all the dishes I made because of the way I interpreted them. I wanted to show that Mexican and Louisiana food could be regal and refined,” they said.
Lungu honuors KK
First Republican President Dr Kenneth Kaunda has been bestowed with a lifetime achievement award for their contribution towards the fight against HIV/AIDS by President Edgar Lungu.
Speaking when they presented the award to the former, President Lungu described Dr Kaunda as not only a father of the nation but a freedom fighter and teacher.
They said the announcement by Dr Kaunda that their son had died of AIDS-related illnesses shocked the world as the disease was surrounded by stigma at the time and superstition.
The head of state presented the award to Dr. Kaunda at the occasion of the commemoration of World Aids at Nkoloma Stadium in Lusaka which was held under the global theme: “Right to Health” and a country level theme of “ending AIDS by 2030 starts with me!”
President Lungu also remembered that some of the songs released in 2006 by Dr Kaunda helped spread awareness about the pandemic with the more notable song being “We shall fight and conquer Aids”
This year's commemoration of World Aids Day is coinciding with the launch of Lusaka anti-retroviral therapy (ART) surge campaign dubbed “Tiyende Pamodzi” – a campaign aimed at achieving HIV epidemic control within one year in Lusaka, which currently carries 25% of the National burden.
SR 235 closure
GREENE COUNTY — Permitted bridge work for the Fairborn Cement Company requires closing State Route 235 for 180 days beginning Monday, April 23. SR 235 will be closed between Dayton Yellow Springs and Enon roads for approximately six months. Traffic will be detoured using US Route 68, West Hyde and West Enon roads. Arrow boards and/or signs will be in place three weeks prior to closure to alert motorists. All work is contingent upon the weather.
BOCC work session
XENIA — The Greene County Board of Commissioners will hold a special work session to discuss a jail needs assessment 9 a.m. Tuesday, April 24 at 35 Greene St. The work session is open to the public.
Board of Elections meeting
XENIA — The Greene County Board of Elections will hold a regular business meeting 4 p.m. Thursday, April 26. The public logic and accuracy test of the voting equipment to be used for the Tuesday, May 8, 2018 Primary Election will be conducted at this time.
Bridge closure
CEASARSCREEK TOWNSHIP — A bridge on Mason Road will be closed approximately two weeks beginning Monday, April 30 to repair the bridge. The closure will be between Paintersville-Port William Road in Greene County and Port William Road in Clinton County. All closures scheduled are subject to weather conditions. Contact the Greene County Engineer's Office at 937-562-7500 or e-mail the Greene County Engineer at engineering@co.greene.oh.us. Closings are also posted at www.co.greene.oh.us.
Auditor's office meetings
XENIA — The Greene County Budget Commission and the Greene County Board of Revision will hold a meeting 10:30 a.m. every Tuesday in the Greene County Auditor's Conference Room.
Bellbrook-Sugarcreek parks
BELLBROOK — The Bellbrook-Sugarcreek Park District's regular meetings are held 7 a.m. the fourth Thursday of each month, at the Bellbrook-Sugarcreek Community Center, 2751 Washington Mill Road.
Cedar Cliff board
CEDARVILLE — Regular Cedar Cliff Local Board of Education meetings are 7 p.m. the third Monday of the month in the Cedar Cliff Local Board Room.
Council meetings
JAMESTOWN — The Village of Jamestown council meetings are held 7 p.m. the first and third Mondays of each month. If the date falls on a holiday, the meeting will be held on Tuesday. Work sessions will be held 6:30 p.m. prior to the regular meeting when needed. All meetings are held at the Municipal Building, 84 Seaman Drive.
Greeneview school board
JAMESTOWN — The Greeneview Local School District Board of Education will hold regular meetings 7 p.m. the third Thursday of each month at 4 S. Charleston Road.
Kiwanis meetings
XENIA — The Xenia Kiwanis club meets 5:30 p.m. every Tuesday at the Xenia Adult Recreation and Services Center. The club's main focus is on children. For more information visit www.xeniakiwanis.org.
Minimalists to meet
YELLOW SPRINGS — Dayton Minimalists meet 7 p.m. every third Thursday of the month at the John Bryan Center, Yellow Springs.
Send area digest news items to editor@xeniagazette.com. Items may run more than once as space and time allows.
Send area digest news items to editor@xeniagazette.com. Items may run more than once as space and time allows.
PHOENIX (AP) — A woman who was swept down a backcountry creek in Grand Canyon National Park along with their stepgrandson is an experienced hiker and married to a founder of a popular outdoor footwear company, family members said Monday.
Authorities were searching for Jackson Standefer, 14, and Lou-Ann Merrell, 62, wife of Randy Merrell, who helped found the Merrell Boot Co. in 1981.
The pair lost their footing Saturday and fell into the water during a family trip with Randy Merrell and the boy's mother in a remote area of the Arizona park.
Officials were alerted when an emergency GPS locator beacon was set off below the canyon's North Rim, said Chief Ranger Matt Vandzura of the National Park Service.
Mark McOmie, Jackson's uncle, said the Merrells were avid hikers and knew the area well.
Lou-Ann Merrell is “a very experienced backpacker,” McOmie said. “If they can get to a spot where they cannot be in the water and stay warm, she's got the skills needed to get them through it. The odds aren't great. But given their skills and knowledge of the area, that will probably lead to the best possible outcome.”
McOmie said searchers have found their backpacks with belongings inside, which the family has interpreted with mixed feelings. They said it looks as if they were able to get their backpacks off.
“The bad part is that they don't have their gear,” McOmie said.
They said rescue workers sent drones to the steepest part of the canyon. The water roars down through rocks, so the family is hoping that the two could be on a rock or have found a cave for shelter, McOmie said.
The drone footage must be analyzed, but the family hopes it shows their location or at least provides clues. Rescue boats were also deployed, the uncle said.
The National Park Service said some searchers would stay in the field overnight and conditions will determine whether they search.
The McCallie School in Chattanooga, Tennessee, said Jackson was an eighth-grade student at the all-boys school.
“The entire McCallie community sends its prayers to the Standefer family and all those close to Jackson as we all hope for a positive ending to this situation,” the school said in a statement.
The park service said it's too early to determine what went wrong. No rain or flash flooding was reported in the area, and it was not known whether the water level was higher than usual in Tapeats Creek, a tributary of the Colorado River that runs through the Arizona landmark.
Creeks in the canyon often see higher water levels in the spring as snow melts, Vandzura said.
The park service describes conditions in the area on its website, warning that melting snow or heavy rain can make crossing the creek impossible.
It also said hikers can use a “sketchy, seldom-used trail” that lets them walk around the creek when the water is high, but the path should be used only as a last resort.
The group was on a different path known as Tapeats Trail, authorities said.
A call to the boot company's Indiana headquarters wasn't immediately returned.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Rick Salem
Oberlin, Kansas – June 30, 2018 – The United Rebel Sprint Series RaceSaver Sprints are gearing up for a busy month with eight scheduled events at five different venues that span two different states. Series officials are also looking for two Colorado dates to replace two events that were cancelled earlier last week in Pueblo.
It all kicks off on Tuesday night, July 3, at the Belleville High Banks in Belleville, Kansas in a tune-up for the upcoming Belleville 305 Sprint Car Nationals. This one-night event will pay $1000 to win with drivers starting the night's feature finale taking home $200.
Four days later the tour will head to the “Cornhusker” state with two events at two different facilities.
On Saturday night, July 7, it's the third annual “Ron Williams/Dick (Snoose) Myers Memorial at Lincoln County Speedway in North Platte, Nebraska that will pay $1500 to win and $200 to start. Always a great turnout of cars has participated in this event and this year will no different. From there the series will head to Dawson County Speedway in Lexington on Sunday July 8th for a $700 to win, $150 to start event.
The following weekend, the URSS will be the headline event for the annual Ellis County Fair races for the 10th running of the Wheatshocker Nationals at RPM Speedway in Hays, Kansas on Saturday and Sunday night, July 14-15. The weekend's opener will pay $500 to win and $125 to start on Saturday night while championship Sunday night pays $2000 to win and $200 to start.
The originally scheduled two-night event at Honor Speedway in Pueblo, Colorado has been cancelled with series official close to booking dates in the state of Colorado on that July weekend.
To finish out the 31 days will be the biggest weekend in URSS history as on Thursday night, August 2nd, they will visit the Thayer County Speedway in Deshler, Ne for a $1000 to win, $200 to start A feature event during their County Fair.
This will be the very first sprint car race ever at the 3/8 mile oval and series officials are looking forward to putting on a great show for their fans.
The following day the traveling series will drive 30 miles south for the largest payout in URSS history as they once again will converge on the Belleville High Banks in Belleville, KS for the Inaugural Belleville 305 Sprint Car Nationals on August 3rd and 4th. This event will be one of the largest payout in 305 sprint car history with Friday nights feature paying $2500 to win with $350 to start with Saturday nights Championship feature paying a whopping $7000 to win and a cool $1000 to start the main event. This race is sure to bring the best 305 drivers from all over the nation and is one all drivers and fans will not want to miss.
Except for the Belleville appearance, each track listed above will be the “Rebels” only scheduled appearance on the 2018 race season.
To date, five events have been held thus far this season with five different drivers reaching victory lane. They include the most recent feature winner on the tour, Zach Blurton; while Jake Martens, Steven Richardson, Jason Martin and Taylor Velasquez all picking up victories.
The complete 2018 schedule for the United Rebel Sprint Series can be found on their official website www.unitedrebelsprintseries.com and daily updates on their facebook page: United Rebel Sprint Series (URSS). Any further questions can be answered by calling the series founder, Rick Salem (785) 475-7010.
Don't forget, pre-entry deadline for the inaugural Belleville 305 Sprint Car Nationals is July 20th and that will include one (1) free pit pass. Drivers must have their pre-entry post marked before to be eligible. Pre and race day entry is $30. To learn more, check out the official facebook page for the inaugural Belleville 305 Nationals: Belleville 305 Nationals.
U.S. states still have plenty of room to run up their debts. Or at least most of them do.
States' tax-supported debt rose just 1.2 percent to $522 billion in 2017, the fifth straight year of growth below 2 percent, according to a report by Moody's Investors Service. The reticence to borrow persisted despite anticipation that the Federal Reserve would continue to raise interest rates, giving them a strong incentive to capture low interest rates while they still could to finance roads, bridges and other public works.
The average net-tax supported debt among states was $1,477 per capita, with 31 states under that figure, according to the report. Connecticut had the highest in net tax-supported debt per capita at $6,544. Nebraska had the lowest -- just $20.
While most states exercised fiscal restraint, Illinois, the lowest rated U.S. state, bucked the trend last year by increasing its debt 16 percent, Moody's said. That wasn't because it was investing in infrastructure, though: Illinois sold $6 billion in bonds to pay off a backlog of bills left from a long-running standoff over the budget. That boosted Illinois' net tax-supported debt per-capita to $2,919, the sixth highest in the country.
Moody's analysts led by Joshua Grundleger said they don't expect much of a change in the penny-pinching posture anytime soon.
— With assistance by Hannah Recht
The Stockton Heat Preps for the Upcoming Season
While locals are indulging in fall favorites like PSL, haunted houses, and pumpkin patches, the Stockton Heat is gearing up for another season. With the first game kicking off in Stockton on October 6, the team and staff are looking to make sure that fans create lasting memories.
“Over the past six months we have invested a lot of time and resources in improving the fan experience—first at our home games, but also at every other event we hold, and in the community to engage new fans,” Brain Petroverk, CEO of Stockton Heat says.
The fun is not only for the fans though, the team is ready for new goals. Stockton Heat Head Coach, Ryan Huska, explains that they want the team and each individual player to challenge and better themselves.
“A lot of times when you see guys come back at the end of their summer, starting a new year, you want to see how they've developed. Maybe they got stronger, got a little quicker—or see who's going to take on more of a leadership role,” Coach Huska explains. “That's always the thing we want to see early on from our guys—the progress they've made and how they'll play this season.”
Last season the team made large strides by earning a playoff berth for the first time and played an exciting series against the San Jose Barracuda. This year, the team has even more speed on their side.
“Much like years past, we're going to be a faster team, maybe even the fastest we've had!” Coach Huska enthuses. “We feel we have a lot of forwards who can skate and because of that, we'll be able to play a high-pressure game that is exciting and entertaining to watch.”
To help bring out new and continued fans to the arena for games, the team has made many improvements including the Heat365 Membership program. The program is set to include additional premium seating options with rink-side suites, group experiences, and more.
Fans can look forward to popular theme nights, including Teddy Bear Toss and Star Wars Night. Beat the cold winter weather on December 31, and come to their new event, a Kids New Years' experience that will include indoor fireworks!
“We're putting fans first, making a renewed commitment to our community, working to bring more people together at the Stockton Arena to experience the world class quality of the American Hockey League in a fun, safe, clean atmosphere, at an affordable price,” Brian explains. “We're looking forward to delivering upon that promise this season… and we're fired up to do so!”
Follow @insidefutbol
Jose Mourinho has conceded that their Manchester United side had to remain patient to break down Huddersfield Town's ‘Berlin Wall' of defence following their 2-0 win at Old Trafford.
The pattern of the game was set from the first whistle with Huddersfield defending deep from their own half and Manchester United trying to break down a dogged and determined opposition defence.
The home side struggled to break down a Huddersfield side that showed little ambition to come out of their own half and Mourinho's men enjoyed 77 per cent of possession in the first half. Other than saving a couple of efforts from Alexis Sanchez and Jesse Lingard, the Terriers' goalkeeper had a comfortable game before the break.
Manchester United looked more threatening from set pieces with Huddersfield showing vulnerabilities with their defending and Chris Smalling found themselves in good positions to give the lead to the home side.
The referee also waved off a penalty shout from the Manchester United players in the first half when Scott McTominay appeared to have been taken out by Terence Kongolo while challenging for a high ball.
Early in the second half Tommy Smith denied Sanchez from scoring when they blocked their close range shot. Manchester United kept up the pressure, which led to a couple of corners. The Chilean was again denied shortly after when another shot of theirs was blocked by Kongolo inside the Huddersfield penalty box.
Manchester United continued to probe the Huddersfield defence and the breakthrough finally came in the 55th minute after some nice interplay on the right flank between Nemanja Matic and Juan Mata, which followed a fine cross from the Spaniard into Romelu Lukaku's feet, who converted with a fine one touch finish.
The home side stayed on top without creating too many chances but another break came when Sanchez earned a penalty in the 67th minute. The Chilean stood up to take the spot kick and while their effort was saved, they were ready to slot in the rebound to score their first goal for their new club.
From there on the game became more comfortable as Manchester United looked to control proceedings and stopped Huddersfield from getting a way back into the contest.
The home side did go on to create a few more chances but the sting from the game was gone and the away side never ever threatened to score, which allowed Manchester United to cruise through the last 20 odd minutes.
Mourinho was delighted that their side controlled possession of the ball and the game but admits that their side had to show a lot of patience to break down a dogged and determined Huddersfield defence.
The Manchester United manager told the BBC: "We always had control of the game, but at half time it was 0-0. I guess we had around 85% possession in the first half but it was not enough.
“We kept doing the same in the second and even at 1-0 we were totally in control. Our defensive line as far from the danger areas.
"We had to be patient but had to keep the intensity high and the pressure. We had to break down the Berlin wall organised so well by David Wagner.”
The Portuguese was also pleased to see their new signing Sanchez getting their first goal for the club despite the scrappy nature of it.
"It was nice for Alexis Sanchez to win a match, the first at home. Nice for them to play well and show the desire and happiness in playing football. That is most important.
“It was not the goal of their dreams, but it is a goal.”
Europe holds its breath as it awaits domino effect of Angela Merkel's capitulation to coalition rebels on the migrants deal.
The big story running on the front pages is a compromise struck by German Chancellor Angela Merkel's with rebels in their cabinet on the management of the migrants' crisis to prevent the collapse of their coalition government.
According to La Croix Merkel agreed to tighten border controls and set up closed "transit or internment centres" to hold migrants on the Austrian frontier which according to the newspaper constitutes an about-turn in their liberal refugee policy.
The Catholic daily describes the deal as a lame duck compromise which will not work, as it immediately sparked resistance from Austria and Italy .
The two slammed the so-called wrong attitude from Berlin which brings no solution and undermines last week's hard-fought EU fix that sees the bloc working together to curb migrant arrivals.
La Croix says it won't be long before the domino effect of the deal, a weakening of the coalition in power in Berlin as well as incidents and tensions at Europe's internal borders.
It should be recalled that Chancellor Merkel decided to open Germany's borders to asylum seekers, in 2015 as millions of them fled the war in Syria and Iraq into Europe.
Since then, popular misgivings over the migrant influx have given populist and anti-immigration forces a boost across several European nations, including Italy and Austria where far-right parties are now sharing power.
L'Humanité warns Europeans to expect the worst during Austria's six-month presidency of the European Union which began on July 1 after three boats loaded with 180 migrants on board went down in five days.
The paper wonders how EU leaders managed to pick Chancellor Sebastian Kurz and their far-right populist FPÖ party, who are allies of France's Marie Le Pen to preside over a Europe that protects. "What a monstrous symbol", exclaims the Communist daily.
Le Monde published a threat by the European Union to launch reprisal measures against the United States in Donald Trump's ongoing trade war with America's former traditional partners.
Le Monde reports that the EU has agreed on a plan to tax 252 billion euros of US exports which represent more than 19 percent of their overall volume of transatlantic trade. The paper warns that the impact of the commercial war could have the consequences of the 2008 and 2009 economic recession, if the conflict is not quickly resolved.
President Emmanuel Macron's communications strategy is the subject of Le Figaro's front-page article, the right-wing publication pointing to its limits. This is after an IFOP poll for le Journal du Dimanche recorded a 1-point drop in June in the continuing slide in their popularity rating , down from 64 percent rating in June 2017.
According to Le Figaro, despite claims by Macron supporters that there is no fire in the house, the catch phrase strategy that had worked so well for them doesn't score political points any more, to a point where their messages in recent weeks come across as nothing more than posturing on social media.
Le Figaro claims that through the videos laden with anecdotes have instead blurred their messaging to the point of entertaining controversies about political convictions that were clearly defined when they came to office.
Libération for its part laments about the so-called state of emergency in French hospitals which it summarizes as being marked by suicides, attempted suicides, burn-out and countless cases of depression.
The left-leaning publication points to a dramatic paradox that medics, surgeons, nurses charged with treating patients are themselves very sick.
Libé also runs a long list of old problems which it says are plaguing the health chain. They range from a shortage of beds and hospital staff to over-crowding at emergency services.
According to Libération, it will take a holistic reflection on urban medicine and a revamp of the health system, to treat the chronic ailment afflicting France's health sector.
As Prime Minister Edouard Philippe began a series of promised interviews with their Ministers, to evaluate the implementation of their work plans, le Parisien sat down for a frank talk interview with Environment Minister Nicolas Hulot  They are due to present their plan of action for ecological transition this Wednesday.
The paper says they discuss at length controversial issues such as the government's policy about the glyphosate herbicide, nuclear energy and palm oil imports, which had put the renowned environmentalist at odds with the government, fueling speculation about their future.
But Le Parisien says that despite the persisting rumours, Monsieur Hulot their work plan as a long term objective.
i kno i tweeted jokingly asking rihanna for new music but we need to be careful. she's a pisces sun and aries moon n will withhold that shit. we'll be in 2030 w fenty laundry detergent launches still waiting on an album n playing 'work' every summer, crying into fenty kleenex
LAWRENCE, Kan. — A Lawrence police officer was shot in the leg Monday during a training exercise, officials say.
Lawrence Police Sgt. Amy Rhoads said the incident happened around 2:50 p.m. Monday during a firearms training.
The officer was taken to a nearby hospital for treatment. The officer's condition was not immediately available.
The department did not release any other information about what led up to the incident.
American consumers had a pretty good year in 2016. The stock market was up, wages were up and inflation remained in check. In fact, the USDA's Consumer Price Index shows that grocery prices in November were down 2.2 percent from 2015.
But it wasn't all sunshine and roses. It was a record year for robocalls, Yahoo had the largest data breach in history, cyberattacks got more malicious, and rents skyrocketed. But let's focus on the positive news:
Gasoline Prices Stayed Low
The national average for regular dropped below $2 a gallon at the start of 2016, and stayed below $2.50 all year long. AAA estimates these lower prices saved U.S. drivers about $27 billion compared to 2015. Gas prices rose about 16 cents in December and they could soon go higher if OPEC and other oil producing nations follow through on promises to cut production in January.
Home Loan Rates Were Historically Low
The average interest rate for the benchmark 30-year fixed-rate mortgage in 2016 was 3.79 percent, according to Bankrate.com. It averaged 3.99 percent in 2015 and 4.3 percent in 2014. But that average rate has gone up significantly since November and now sits at 4.32 percent.
Airfares Actually Went Down
Yes, airlines generated billions in baggage fees, but the basic ticket price dropped dramatically. The average price of a domestic round-trip flight was $222 in November, that's 14 percent below where it was in 2014, according to the price-tracking app Hopper.
A few weeks ago, United announced a new Basic Economy fare. You don't get a seat assignment until you get to the airport and you can't use the overhead bins. Small personal items brought on board must fit under the seat in front of you. Will other major carriers follow United's lead? Travel experts say it's very likely.
Home Prices Skyrocketed
The total value of every home in the U.S. was expected to hit a record high of more than $29.6 trillion in 2016, up 5.7 percent from a year ago, according to a new report from Zillow. The higher prices are good news for people looking sell their homes, but will make it impossible for some renters to become owners, especially first-time buyers.
Five Big Consumer Victories
Thanks to new rules and regulations and enforcement actions by government regulators, consumers also scored some significant victories in 2016:
New Rules for Prepaid Debit Cards
Until now, the multi-billion-dollar prepaid debit card market has been virtually unregulated. In October, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau issued long-awaited rules that will give the 20 million Americans who use these cards some strong consumer protections, similar to those offered with checking accounts.
When the rules take effect in October 2017, financial institutions that issue these cards will be required to clearly disclose their fees, including monthly service charges, fees for ATM withdrawals, balance inquiries or contacting customer service. This information will be printed on the back of the card's packaging or disclosed electronically for those who buy online.
The CFPB rules also make it more difficult for financial institutions to allow customers to spend more than the amount loaded on the card. Those that do offer overdraft protection will be limited in the amount they can charge.
FCC Issues First Internet Privacy Rules
Telephone companies are required to protect the information associated with your phone calls. Federal regulations limit how your phone company can repurpose and resell what it learns about your phone activity without your consent. In October, the Federal Communications Commission passed new rules that give similar privacy protection to those who use the Internet.
The FCC's landmark decision limits what internet service providers can do with customer data and gives you the right to control your personal information when you use the Internet. The new rules require ISPs to get a customer's explicit consent before using or sharing their personal data, such as app or browsing history, or mobile location.
The big broadband service providers oppose the new rules and could challenge them in court. They claim it's unfair to limit their data collection while allowing companies like Google and Facebook to do it.
Since the vote for the new rules was along party lines (3-2), it's possible the issue could be reconsidered by the Commission after President Trump appoints a Republican to replace outgoing chairperson Thomas Wheeler.
Congress Protects Your Right to Free Speech
You have the right to post honest reviews about a product or service online — as long as what you say is truthful — even if the company prohibits negative comments with a non-disparagement clause in its terms of service. The Consumer Review Freedom Act, which President Obama signed into law in December, bans these "gag clauses."
The Federal Trade Commission and state consumer protection agencies are now empowered to enforce the law by taking legal action against companies that continue to use non-disparagement clauses.
The Consumer Review Freedom Act will only protect honest and truthful comments. Companies can still take legal action against someone they believe has disparaged them by making false statements.
Related: Yes, You Can Post That Negative Online Review, Says Congress
Goodbye, Ticket Bots!
It should be easier to get concert tickets when they go on sale, now that you won't have to compete with computerized ticket-buying software. Congress passed the Better Online Ticket Sales Act (BOTS) just before it went on winter break and it's been signed into law by President Obama.
BOTS makes it illegal to use software to bypass any computer security system that limits ticket sales to concerts or other public events that can be attended by more than 200 people. Violations will be considered "unfair or deceptive acts or practices" that can be prosecuted by the Federal Trade Commission or state consumer protection agencies.
Safer Rental Cars
When you rent a car, you assume it's safe. But before June of 2016 it's been perfectly legal for a rental car company to put you in a vehicle with an open safety recall. A new federal law prohibits that. Any company with more than 35 vehicles in its fleet must pull recalled cars off the road until repairs are made.
Consumer groups had urged Congress to ban used car dealers from selling vehicles with open recalls, but lawmakers did not go that far. It was hoped the Federal Trade Commission would take a stand on this issue. But a few weeks ago, in a decision that was blasted by safety advocates, the FTC refused to do that.
The Commission ruled that it's OK for car dealers to advertise used vehicles as passing their safety inspection program, even if those vehicles have recall problems that have not been fixed. All dealers need to do is to tell customers that the cars and trucks on the lot could be subject to a recall — no need to give specific information — and where to go online to find out.
The FTC said its decision will encourage dealers to fix recalls and "empower consumers to make more informed purchasing decisions." Rosemary Shahan, president of Consumers for Auto Reliability and Safety called this, "the worst thing the FTC has ever done on any issue" because "it allows false advertising."
Honorable mention goes to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau for fining Wells Fargo $100 million for the widespread practice of secretly opening unauthorized bank and credit card accounts. This is the largest fine the CFPB has ever imposed in its five-year history. The bank's own analysis found that employees opened more than two million accounts that may not have been authorized by consumers. Wells Fargo will pay full restitution to all victims on top of the civil penalties.
Looking Ahead to 2017
"Overall, there was an improvement in consumer protections in large part because of initiatives of the Obama administration," said Stephen Brobeck, executive director of the Consumer Federation of America. "Our fear is that a new congress and administration could jeopardize some of these and many other consumer protections."
Brobeck and other consumer advocates are specifically worried that Republicans in Congress will try to weaken the CFPB as part of their push against regulations.
"The CFPB has saved tens of millions of consumers tens of billions of dollars in its relatively short life. Nothing should be done that jeopardizes the effectiveness of its consumer protection activities," they said.
Herb Weisbaum is The ConsumerMan. Follow them on Facebook and Twitter or visit The ConsumerMan website.
Sorry to add insult to injury, Buccaneers fans, but you already know your problems at kicker over the last two seasons are serious.
After drafting Roberto Aguayo in the second round of the 2016 NFL Draft, they turned out to be a huge bust. When they were cut in favor of Nick Folk, the veteran kicker struggled mightily, especially on Thursday night in a loss to the New England Patriots:
Naturally, Twitter had all the memes for the Bucs' kicking situation. Here are a bunch, including classics like Spider-Man pointing at Spider-Man, Jameis Winston's “hell no!” and Kevin Spacey in a Kevin Spacey mask:
What Nick Folk sees when they attempt a kick: #NEvsTB pic.twitter.com/9wH6Bvjuva — NOTSportsCenter (@NOTSportsCenter) October 6, 2017
Nick Folk leaving the stadium after that last missed FG proving that the third time is not always a charm. #Bucs #Patriots pic.twitter.com/EEU1m8BhxQ — Amy (@ALH_43) October 6, 2017
Live look at Bucs fans trying to chase Nick Folk out of town… pic.twitter.com/catu0e6H6B — Sports Illustrated (@SInow) October 6, 2017
"That's not Nick Folk, it's Roberto Aguyao!" pic.twitter.com/EVVhym8Gzo — Scott Kacsmar (@FO_ScottKacsmar) October 6, 2017
When Nick Folk see's Roberto Aguayo in the un-employment line pic.twitter.com/f0ODlJm7St — Sophomore Slump Szn (@flexxpapii) October 6, 2017
When Roberto Aguayo sees Nick Folk on the streets#ThursdayNightFootball pic.twitter.com/FoEBuptcZt — 49ers Gab (@49ersGab) October 6, 2017
When Nick Folk sees Roberto Aguayo out in public pic.twitter.com/tPjMwHq6fe — matt koval ⚡️ (@matthewkoval_) October 6, 2017
Live look at Nick Folk's home: pic.twitter.com/DjK5AUUozw — College Sports Only (@OfficialCSO) October 6, 2017
Nick folk lining up for the kick pic.twitter.com/tu0NLnqG8a — The 617 Report (@617Report) October 6, 2017
Nick Folk gonna have a job tomorrow? https://t.co/TxDnHXo5LJ — Josh Blaylock (@Josh_Blaylock) October 6, 2017
Nick Folk NFL highlights pic.twitter.com/xrUwDEFY37 — Happy Belichick (@SportsTalkKyle) October 6, 2017
Robert Aguayo at Buccaneers stadium watching Nick Folk miss Field Goals……. pic.twitter.com/65eFdMydqT — isaac(#FreeMonta) (@Stat4Stat) October 6, 2017
This refers to the report “Saudi cleric warns men of abusing right of divorce” (Feb. 12). As a matter of fact, Islam is a peace-loving religion. The present days are witnessing many divorces due to differences in thinking and ways of living. Spouses must understand that nobody is perfect. In order to live a peaceful life, spouses should not find faults with each other, and they must learn the art of restraining and ignoring each other's faults.
For the sake of a healthy marital life, spouses should not make problems over trifles. In reality, divorce is detrimental to the progress of society, and children are the ones who suffer the most. Among the negative effects of divorce on children are poor adjustment and behavioral problems resulting from divorced parents as well as stress over longer periods and from interrupted routines. Owing to this, children become more difficult to manage. Above all,they feel unable to adjust to the new situation especially when their divorced parents continue fighting. And it becomes worse when the conflict lasts over a long period of time. They do not get love and affection from their parents and their studies are also affected. They lose their calmness of mind and they are not able to concentrate on their studies, and their academic careers may even be ruined.
Sometimes, there is the issue of egotism in the lives of spouses. For example, if the wife is more highly educated, the husband may develop an inferiority complex, and out of frustration, they may resort to violence, which leads to separation. As a matter of fact, if spouses respect each other's qualities and skills, then egotism may not become a problem. In the worst situation, owing to divorce, the woman may not receive the financial resources needed to bring up the children and this may lead to thoughts of suicide. — Anees Lokhande, Jubail
Aristocrat Justin Portman revealed intimate details on Facebook this week of their relationship with their supermodel ex.
How Nigeria can improve contract performance — Experts
By Destiny Eseaga
EXPERTS in the supply chain management sector at a one day event organised by the Chartered Institute of Procurement and Supply, CIPS, in Lagos, have identified ways Nigeria can improve on their poor contract performance.
The experts noted that poor monitoring, corruption, inconsistent government policies and bloated bureaucracy among others, are some of the factors affecting contract performance in the country.
With the theme: “The Strategic Role of Procurement and Supply Chain in the Nigerian Economy,” the experts suggested that a transformative leadership at all tiers of government, realigned budget planning, embedded ethics and compliance and a fully operational Public Procurement Act (2007), particularly the establishment of National Council on Public Procurement would help block leakages, improve contract performance and create maximum impact on the economy among others.
Senior Procurement Manager, Wells and Projects, Shell Petroleum and Development Corporation, Port Harcourt, River State, Mr. Arinze Oduah, revealed that “structural constraints, aside Nigeria's economic growth, is hampered by a massive infrastructural deficit and closing the gap required shrewd capital expenditure over a long term.”
The post How Nigeria can improve contract performance — Experts appeared first on Vanguard News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Giancarlo Stanton celebrates Yankee trade with 2 Chainz 2 Chainz gifted Stanton with a magnum bottle of Ace of Spades.
2 Chainz offers ‘Trap Wonderland' with new pink house front 2 Chainz says it was “almost like a good luck charm,” and they wanted to “rebirth it for the holidays."
2 Chainz's bodyguard arrested after decking photographer Rory Smith punched the freelance photographer in the face, knocking them to the ground, police said.
Swizz Beatz celebrates new fashion line with star-studded party The artist/producer donned a posh satin suit and held court with their wife, Alicia Keys.
2 Chainz turned their rental home into a pop-up clinic “Fulton County Board of Health say they're pulling up today!! Come get tested and know your status! By the way this Free,” they posted on Instagram.
This ugly Christmas sweater will set you back $90K One happy shopper will sleigh 'em at the annual ­ugly-sweater party, thanks to 2 Chainz. The rapper teamed up with their personal jeweler, Avianne, to design “The World's Most Expensivest...
Van Jones hangs with 2 Chainz The CNN commentator even talked politics and holiday plans with the rapper.
Baby could become youngest to ever complete Appalachian Trail While most tots only see the outdoors from a stroller or bike seat, 15-month-old Ellie Quirin will have hiked 2,200 miles by the time they attend nursery school. Along for...
Hiker goes missing on the Appalachian Trail A local Manhattan man is missing on the Appalachian Trail, officials said Monday. Brett Sposito, 49, of Harlem was reported missing by their wife Sunday, cops said. Sposito is an...
High-tech training is giving coal miners' kids new hope WAYNESBURG, PA. — To live in Appalachia is to love Appalachia. The deep ravines, muddy “hollers” and soaring rugged hills are a beauty to behold. Hunting, fishing, hiking, boating and...
Journal reveals missing hiker knew they were going to die AUGUSTA, Maine — An Appalachian Trail hiker whose remains were discovered last year survived at least 26 days after getting lost, kept a journal of their ordeal and ultimately resigned...
A Boston woman, whom police haven't identified, found a bloody and severed goat head on their car, along with a picture of themselves tucked under a windshield while they walked their dog, police say. They drove to the police station with the head still on the car. Screenshot from WBZ
One South Carolina family had the worst kind of surprise on Easter Sunday. Looking out onto their porch on what was supposed to be a calm day, they were instead greeted by a 9-foot alligator staring back at them.
Via WCBD:
They say the gator had to climb a 15 foot staircase, break through a screen, climb through a doorway, and then push furniture out of the way.
Wildlife experts say this type of behavior is not unusual for alligators during this time of the year. They are making their way out of hibernation and into warmer waters. They start new feeding patterns and defend their territory as they move into mating season.
The Federal Reserve decided to hike interest rates again Wednesday, taking the short term interest rate it controls, the federal funds rate, up by about 0.25 percentage points to between 1% and 1.25%. This is the fourth such hike since December 2015, and will pump the brakes on economic activity.
Rates had been at just above zero for seven years as the Fed tried to stimulate the economy during and after the financial crisis and Great Recession.
When the Fed last hiked rates in March, the officials who set monetary policy predicted there would be two more rate increases this year, and many Fed watchers predict the next one will come in September. While unemployment has trended lower in the last year, sinking from 4.7% to 4.3%, inflation, the change in consumer prices over time, has been remained below its 2% target, which suggests that the economy is not in danger of imminently overheating.
The Federal Reserve is charged with maintaining "maximum employment, stable prices, and moderate long-term interest rates." The Fed has since said that a 2% inflation rate is "most consistent over the longer run" with that mandate.
In its statement about the rate hike, the Fed said that "the labor market has continued to strengthen and that economic activity has been rising moderately so far this year," while "inflation has declined recently and, like the measure excluding food and energy prices, is running somewhat below 2%." The Fed also noted that consumer spending and business investment "has continued to expand."
The Federal Open Market Committee, which makes monetary policy decisions, had only one dissenter from the decision, Neel Kashkari, the president of the Mineeapolis Fed.
The Fed's move to hike up rates despite years below the 2% inflation target has drawn criticism, especially from the left and a group of economists has called for the central bank to rethink the target entirely.
Another rate hike will likely mean slighter higher rates on consumer financial products like home and auto loans as the change gets fed through the financial system, but will likely not substantially change interest paid to consumers on savings accounts or certificates of deposits.
Despite years of zero or near-zero rates, deposits have flooded into banks. At the same time, those banks have had to price their loans very competitively with interest rates so low. By increasing the price of their loans and keeping rates paid out to savers low, they can get back some of the profits they've missed out in previous years.
GEORGETOWN, Guyana, Aug 14, CMC – Guyana says it w...
You are unauthorized to view this page.
Your unique song requests make for a night of great musical variety on PillowTalk.
A big hit song that was recorded by Stevie Wonder when they were 17 was requested by Job who was in town visiting from Boston supporting their good friend Tamika in Meriden. Their message to Tamika: “Keep your head up. Stay encouraged.” Witness the greatness of this American treasure in this live performance!
Maria from the Baltic and their son Luke love listening to PillowTalk. Within the last two weeks, Luke sent a loving dedication to their mom that moved them very much. So tonight, Maria, Luke's mom felt like returning the favor by sharing their love for their son. Them message along with a song by B.J. Thomas: “I love you son. No matter how tough life gets, I will always be there for you”.
Diane from Newington called PillowTalk as they were thinking about their father, Louis. Louis is in their 90's and lives near by. Diane told me they don't like songs with lyrics and like their daughter they love smooth jazz. Diane is trying to encourage them to use a hearing aid. Diane loves their dad very much and wanted me to play Tim Bowman on guitar performing their song Seaside Drive.
easyseek does not belong to any Nations, yet.
About Florida SEO Consultant Articles: 0 Seeds: 3425 Comments: 0 Since: Mar 2016
As the 2018 NCAA Championships unfold, it's worth a reminder that Aaron Wise could still be competing in the event despite being two years removed from winning individual and team titles for the Oregon Ducks. Wise, who turns 22 in June, has been surprised by their quick progression from college star to the PGA Tour Canada to the Web.com Tour to the PGA Tour -- already winning at each level -- but they also know in this era of Jordan Spieth, Justin Thomas, and others, early success has become more of the norm.
"The bar has definitely been raised," Wise told GolfDigest.com. "That's one of the reasons why I turned pro when I was so young at 19. You look at all those guys and you're like the only way I can get the experience they're getting when I'm so young is if I'm out there too."
RELATED: Aaron Wise explains the girlfriend embrace that went viral
Wise certainly hasn't wasted much time getting out there and proving they belong. After a close call at the Wells Fargo Championship, they captured the AT&T Byron Nelson and now finds themselves lurking just outside the top 10 in the U.S. Ryder Cup standings.
While they don't want to look too far ahead, Wise was happy to take a look back at their life and career to this point on this week's Golf Digest Podcast. We discussed their breakthrough win, the awkward celebratory embrace with their girlfriend that went viral , and how a TV show nearly changed their lives. Please have a listen:
Subscribe to the Golf Digest Podcast on Apple Podcasts
Listen to the Golf Digest Podcast on TuneIn
“The Greatest Showman” – 20th Century Fox/Niko Tavernise(LOS ANGELES) — The film The Shape of Water and HBO's Big Little Lies lead the nominees for the Hollywood Foreign Press Association's 75th Anniversary Golden Globe Awards, announced Monday morning.
The Shape of Water earned a leading seven nominations, including Best Motion Picture — Drama, Best Director for Guillermo del Toro, and Best Screenplay. Close behind are The Post and Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, tied with six nods.
For television, HBO's Big Little Lies earned the most nominations, with six, followed by Feud: Bette and Joan with four, and Fargo, This Is Us and The Handmaid's Tale tied with three. HBO also earned the most nominations of any television outlet, with 12, followed by Netflix with nine and FX, with eight.
Some of those lucky enough to get the nod sounded off:
Hugh Jackman, whose P.T. Barnum movie The Greatest Showman was nominated in the best motion picture Musical or Comedy category, the best song, and best actor category for Jackman himself, noted on Facebook, “Over 7 years ago we began the journey to get @GreatestShowman made into a major motion picture. Through all of the (literal) blood, sweat and tears …. giving up was never an option. As it is said – with great risk comes great reward. Thank you #HFPA! @goldenglobes.”
Some nominees reached out to Variety about the honor:
Nicole Kidman, Best Actress in a Limited Series nominee for Big Little Lies, said, “We are all aware of how rare it is for a show and it's cast to be honored in such a huge way, and we are all incredibly grateful. Thank you to the Hollywood Foreign Press for giving the show so much love. It was made with love, guided by the incredible David E. Kelley and Jean-Marc Vallée as well as my partners in passion Reese Witherspoon, Per Saari and Bruna Papandrea. The character Celeste is so precious to me and the recognition is deeply appreciated.”
Meryl Streep, Best Actress in a Drama nominee for The Post, told the trade, “I'm thrilled for the movie, for [fellow nominees] Steven [Spielberg] and Tom [Hanks], and for the incredible ensemble of actors who made this movie need its moment in history. Thanks HFPA.”
Legendary actor Gary Oldman had this to say to Variety for their acclaimed work in The Darkest Hour: “It's a very nice little bump and it's the first time I've been nominated for a Golden Globe. It was such a privilege and honor to play Winston Churchill and I enjoyed every single minute of it.” Cheekily, they added, “This could not have happened to a nicer guy.”…
Emma Stone, Best Actress in a Comedy/Musical for Battle of the Sexes, thanked their real life alter-ego: “Thank you to the HFPA for this honor and thank you beyond measure to the one and only Billie Jean King.  They are a brilliant, brave, and game-changing human being and I wish to be half the woman they are someday. I share this with the whole cast and crew of ‘Battle of the Sexes,' a film I feel very lucky to have been a part of.”
Guillermo del Toro, honored with the best director nomination for their much-nominated The Shape of Water, told the trade, “It was such a long journey and there are moments when you have to put all your faith in it. It's kind of surreal that it exists and this is the cherry on top. It really has been a team effort, we knew were a team before we were a team because all of these roles were written for each actor so It's nice to see them getting nominated as well.”
Sally Hawkins, recognized in the Best Actress in a Drama category for The Shape of Water, noted, “What a beautiful gift. Thank you with all my heart to the Hollywood Foreign Press for honoring this special film and my part in it. I am so very humbled by this acknowledgement. Every piece of this film was and is a gift for me. Working with Guillermo del Toro along with this exceptional cast and crew was one of the most extraordinary, heart-expanding experiences.  They are one of the greatest filmmakers of our time I believe. And I am beyond thrilled that their vision, their ingenuity. and artwork has been recognized in this way. … Thank you with all my heart, thank you. I believe in magic and this is a magical thing.”
Sam Rockwell, winning acclaim for their role in Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, said, “I want to thank the members of the HFPA for this honor, and to also thank and congratulate Martin McDonagh, my friend and collaborator, for bringing Dixon, Mildred, and the characters of ‘Three Billboards' to the screen. It is both exciting and humbling to be joined by Willem [Dafoe], Armie [Hammer], Christopher [Plummer], and Richard [Jenkins], all of whom I have admired for many years. I am thrilled for Fran [Frances McDormand], Martin [McDonagh, the director], Carter [Burwell, nominated for best score], and the cast and crew who made Three Billboards.”
Saoirse Ronan, Best Actress in a Comedy or Musical for Lady Bird, told the trade they were hiking with a friend at an ancient Irish monastery site when they learned of the honor. “It's really beautiful so it was amazing to find out here,” they explained. “And I think that Greta [Gerwig] should have been nominated for directing. As a filmmaker, the work they have gone is really extraordinary. The film's nomination, that's really their nomination and so well-deserved.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
More Videos 2:14 Catastrophic claims specialist help South Florida after Irma Pause 0:31 Tropical Storm Nate dumping heavy rain as it rolls toward Gulf coast 0:31 Tropical depression expected to become Tropical Storm Nate 0:43 Tropical depression forms off the coast of Nicaragua 1:40 Maria evacuees arrive by sea to open arms of family and friends 1:48 Everglades City residents talk about Hurricane Irma's destructive force 0:55 Everglades City residents facing housing crisis after Hurricane Irma 2:01 House swallowed into the ground from Hurricane Irma captured by drone 1:08 Customs and Border Crew rescues Puerto Rican family who wrote HELP on roof 0:40 FPL workers continue to repair damage from Hurricane Irma Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Tropical Storm Nate dumping heavy rain as it rolls toward Gulf coast The wet storm, blamed for 22 deaths in Central America, is expected to strike the Louisiana coast over the weekend but could still produce heavy rain and storm surge in the Florida Panhandle. The wet storm, blamed for 22 deaths in Central America, is expected to strike the Louisiana coast over the weekend but could still produce heavy rain and storm surge in the Florida Panhandle. NOAA
The wet storm, blamed for 22 deaths in Central America, is expected to strike the Louisiana coast over the weekend but could still produce heavy rain and storm surge in the Florida Panhandle. NOAA
Getty
Morgan Beck is the wife of former Olympic skier, Bode Miller. They and Miller tied the knot in October 2012, just five months after they started dating.
Beck is the daughter of Ed and Cindy Beck. They have one sister, Erin Margolin, and a brother named Garrett.
Beck, 30, is a mother of two children: a son named Nash, and a daughter named Emeline.  They are also the stepmother of Miller's two other children, Dacey and Samuel (whom they and Miller often refer to as “Nate”).
Here's what you need to know:
1. They Are a Mom of 2 & Miller Has 2 Additional Children From 2 Previous Relationships
Beck is the proud mom of two children, a son named Edward Nash Skan, who was born in 2015, and a daughter named Emeline Grier, who was born in late 2016. Beck is also a stepmother to Miller's two other children. As you can see in the photo above, the family of six got to spend Thanksgiving together this past year.
Miller has a daughter named Neesyn Dace with their ex-girlfriend, Chanel Johnson. The child, who goes by their middle name (she's often called “Dacey”), lives in Escondido, California, with their mother. They were born on February 19, 2008, at Palomar Medical Center.
Miller didn't confirm that they had a daughter until a year after they were born.
“The mother is a good friend of mine who I was seeing a while ago. We are no longer together. We were kind of already doing our own thing when they found out they were pregnant. We are just really good friends trying to be good parents. I obviously would have liked it to be an ideal situation where everything is planned and perfect, but it seems like a lot of stuff doesn't work out that way. I'm happy the way it is,” Miller blogged in 2009, according to the San Diego Tribune.
They and their now-ex, Sara McKenna, welcomed a baby boy they named Samuel Bode Miller McKenna in 2013. After Samuel was born, a bitter custody battle broke out between their parents. Things were so bad, in fact, that the former couple couldn't even decide on a name. To this day, the boy's mom calls them “Sam,” while Miller and Beck call them “Nate” (after Miller's late brother, Nathaniel, who died of a seizure at the age of 29 in 2013).
The custody case was settled in November 2015.
“Neither of us got exactly what we wanted, but Sam got what they needed and that's what's most important to me,” McKenna told the New York Post at the time.
Below is a photo of Miller and their son, Samuel, whom they call “Nate.”
Best caddie ever A post shared by Bode Miller (@millerbode) on Sep 13, 2016 at 3:30pm PDT
In early 2013, Morgan Beck suffered a miscarriage.
“It was awful. Morgan and I hadn't planned on getting pregnant, but we were excited. In hindsight, now, we can see what an incredible challenge having two babies would have been. I don't believe in fate- that everything happens for a reason- but Morgan does,” Miller told Us Weekly at the time.
2. They Posed in a Nude Photo After Welcoming the Couple's Daughter in 2016
After giving birth to their daughter, Emeline, Beck posed nude with their husband and they posted the picture on social media. The photo was used as a public birth announcement.
Baby Emeline was welcomed into the world on Saturday, November 5, 2016. Beck went through the labor and delivery process at home. Beck also gave birth to the couple's son, Nash, at their home. They were born in May 2015 and weighed 7 pounds, 13 ounces.
Morgan also took to Instagram to announce the arrival of their baby girl. “Our baby girl made their way earthside this morning 7 lbs 4 oz 20.5 #grateful for another successful home birth,” they captioned a closeup shot of the couple's new daughter.
3. They Played Professional Volleyball & Has Modeled
#WCW #Wifey A post shared by Bode Miller (@millerbode) on Dec 9, 2015 at 3:20pm PST
Beck first started playing volleyball as a teenager. They attended the University of California, Berkeley, where they played on the school's volleyball team. They played outside hitter and middle hitter. While in college, they were named to the PAC-10 All-Freshman team.
After college, Beck went on to play volleyball on a professional level. They have played for AVP Pro, USA Volleyball, and AVP Young Guns. They became part of Team USA in January 2008.
In 2014, Beck was named “One of the 25 Hottest Athletes on the 2012 U.S. Olympic Team” by Complex Magazine.
“Morgan Beck is hotter than most models and is a better athlete than most men. This preposterously attractive standout volleyball player is looking to win their first Olympic medal this year in London. And if they somehow fail to do so, we'll be waiting to cook them a romantic meal and buy them a nice bottle of wine to cheer them up,” read their Complex Magazine bio.
In 2014, Beck did an ad for Nike.
4. She's Very Close to Them Dad
My main men 💙 A post shared by Morgan Miller (@morganebeck) on Dec 18, 2016 at 2:51pm PST
Beck is very close to their dad, Ed, who is an army veteran. In fact, they named them first born after them (Edward Nash).
In their Team USA bio, Beck was asked who the person they most admires is. Them response was simple: Them dad.
They often take to social media to post pictures of their father.
“Happy Father's Day to my main man, the big cheese, el cap-I-tain, BMOC….aka DAD. Not only are you the best dad in the world, but you've quickly earned the title of the best grandpa in the world too! I couldn't imagine my life without you. I love you dad,” they captioned an Instagram photo of their parents with the four Miller children on Father's Day last year.
5. They Got Hit in the Face by Miller's Golf Ball in 2012
Until next year, Derby! A post shared by Bode Miller (@millerbode) on May 7, 2017 at 10:42am PDT
In 2012, Beck took to social media to share a gruesome injury that they endured. Miller had been hitting golf balls and a line drive managed to nail Beck in the face.
Beck discussed the accident on social media, saying that they received 50 stitches after the ball — which was going approximately 160 miles per hour — hit them in the face, just above their left eye.
“I'm not feeling so hot. Line drive to the face today with a golf ball from my darling husband. I still love them but #ouch,” Beck captioned a gnarly photo on Instagram.
A few days later, Beck posted the following photo, showing their husband continuing to work on their golf swing with their injured wife sitting behind him. Check out their cheeky caption to the photo below.
TORONTO — Being a backup goalie isn't always easy. But Toronto's Curtis McElhinney thinks he's figured it out.
One night after starter Frederik Andersen beat Pittsburgh on the road, McElhinney stopped 41 shots to lead the Maple Leafs to a 1-0 win over the visiting Edmonton Oilers on Sunday.
The 34-year-old was making just their fifth start of the season, with Andersen currently leading the NHL in minutes played.
“The back-to-backs are always tough. Sometimes there's no morning skate so you're kinda left to your own,” said McElhinney. “I got a good skate in this morning by myself and things felt pretty good overall.
“Having been here almost a year now I'm pretty familiar with it. I kinda have the hang of it, I think.”
Zach Hyman scored the only goal of the game for the Maple Leafs (20-10-1) just 34 seconds into the contest.
After that it was all McElhinney as Edmonton hemmed Toronto in its own zone for the final two periods looking for the equalizer.
In all, the Oilers had an 89-47 advantage in shot attempts, including 61-39 at even strength, and beat the Toronto netminder more than once only to ring iron.
“Sometimes you get lucky, tonight I think there were four (that hit the post),” said McElhinney.
“He's a veteran guy who does their job,” Hyman said about their goalie. “Great win for us and great win for him, they couldn't have played better.”
Laurent Brossoit made 22 saves for the Oilers (12-16-2), who beat the Canadiens 6-2 in Montreal a night earlier.
“We played a lot of games this season and haven't been able to string them back to back,” said Oilers coach Todd McLellan. “This was a solid, solid effort on our behalf.
“We didn't win, obviously that's the most obvious thing, but we're happy with our game.”
Toronto's Auston Matthews missed the game with an upper-body injury after being a game-time decision and Josh Leivo took their spot in the lineup.
Leafs coach Mike Babcock said they thought the 20-year-old would be good to go against Edmonton, but listened to their team's medical staff. He's optimistic Matthews will be healthy enough to return to the lineup by Tuesday when Toronto faces Philadelphia.
The Leafs are 5-0-0 without their top centre in the lineup this season.
“I think he'll be ready to go, but I'm not 100 per cent sure so we'll see what the trainers (say),” Babcock said. “We expected them here tonight. It will be on how they feel.”
Jake Gardiner's point shot made its way through traffic and was tipped by Hyman on the game's first shift. Gardiner was originally credited with the goal, but Hyman knew it was their sixth of the season.
“Stick felt like it broke and I got to the bench and there was a crack in it,” they said.
The Oilers looked like a different team from the second period on.
Despite being down a man, McDavid was able to take off from their own end on a short-handed breakaway only for McElhinney to close the five-hole and thwart the 20-year-old's deke attempt.
“When he's 200 feet away they start building speed and it's like a freight train coming,” said McElhinney. “He has the ability to dipsy doodle and just walk through guys. I don't think I've seen anyone else like it.”
On the same power play, James van Riemsdyk hit the post when Brossoit was sprawled out and William Nylander put their hands up thinking they scored, except their bad-angled shot went through the crease behind the goalie.
Nylander was shifted to centre with Matthews out.
“I gave them the option of whether they wanted to play the wall or play in the middle, they wanted to play in the middle, we gave them a chance and I think that's a good thing,” said Babcock. “I thought they did good. I thought they skated real good. They aren't involved in anything negative.”
Edmonton was handed a glorious chance to tie the game with 2:22 to go in the second, coming away with a full two-minute 5-on-3. But any shot they created was turned aside by McElhinney or hit post.
Edmonton kept Toronto hemmed in its zone for an entire penalty kill early in the third, but again couldn't score — with McDavid ringing the crossbar one more time.
“I thought our goaltender was really good, our penalty killing was outstanding and, in the end, we spent too much time in our own zone. But, it's a big night on a back-to-back and a big win for us,” said Babcock.
Transcript for Woman refuses to move into assisted living facility, fatally shoots son: Police
We watch sketch investigators tonight talked to neighbors knocking on doors to make sure stray bullets. Didn't hurt anyone else you're about to hear how this murder played out not only from deputies perspective. But from the survivors. Com lenient rally hiding in the bedroom she's at it. Dispatch audio from miracle but county deputies paints a picture. Of terror. Shot them in the neck. Investigators say on Monday 92 year old in a May blessings pulled a gun from their bath robe pocket. It killed or 72 year old son as discussions over movie blessings into an assisted living facility intensified. A complainant in an upcoming earning out of a lot of screaming. On the phone with nine more in one. Them son's girlfriend. Saw begun I have another woman running out dot. Techies say blessings supported gun right matter which you wrestle the weapon away it is under a bed on the phone with police. Blessings then pulled a second gun from their robe pocket that terrified woman fought back again. We got a little or want. And down route. Officers eventually found blasting sitting at a recliner at the home. That's when they were handcuffed. We will. Work. This is an extremely sad situation blessing apparently said that their son had told them they had become. Too difficult to live with and they plan to move them into an assisted living home stating. You ended my life so I'm taking yours and downhill on camera mobile ABC fifteen Arizona.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
The Supreme Court on Monday sought a response from the Central government and the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) on a plea by the veteran actor Amol Palekar challenging pre-censorship of the films by the board.
A bench of Justice AK Sikri and Justiuce Ashok Bhushan sought response as the veteran film actor contended that in the age of internet and social media, the existing set of rules providing for pre-censorship for the film have to undergo change.
Seeking directions for implementation of Shyam Benegal committee recommendations, Palekar has contended that the censor board does not have a member with judicial background that often results in the right to free speech and expression getting overlooked.
A Dundee woman has claimed that a “foul-tasting” bottle of water made them ill for a week.
Mum-of-three Christina Campbell, 33, from Linlathen, bought the peach-flavoured Macb drink from the Spar store in the city's Lothian Crescent.
Cott Beverages Ltd previously recalled its Macb strawberry and kiwi flavour still water because of a strong odour and unpleasant taste.
Food Standards Scotland advised that drinking the product may cause people to feel unwell — but the peach flavour was not included in that recall.
Broughty Ferry hairdresser Christina said: “I have no idea what was in it.
“It was like paint thinner or acrylic nail powder — the smell was so strong.
“At first, I thought it was maybe with me brushing my teeth but then I took another big drink and it burned the back of my throat. I haven't bought it since and won't again.”
Christina, who says they also suffered a sore stomach after drinking the water, which was purchased on July 29, said they let the shop worker smell the bottle and they agreed with them
They added: “Since then, a few of my friends have smelt it too and agreed with me — it's not right.”
They have since lodged a complaint with Cott Beverages. A spokesperson for Foods Standards Scotland advised people to contact their local authority if they have any issues after drinking the water.
A staff member at the Spar shop said there was no more of the batch in stock as the rest had been sold and added: “I remember serving them No other customers have been in touch to say they have had a problem.”
A spokesperson for Macb said it would be in touch with Christina direct and added: “We're aware of a quality issue relating to our Macb strawberry and kiwi flavour still water with the best before end date of August 2018.
“Please be assured that while the drink may be unpleasant to taste and smell, there is no risk to health.
“We've undertaken a full investigation with the Environmental Health Office and Food Standards Scotland regarding this issue.
“In addition, we have also undertaken a number of actions including a full review of our production process and further rigorous testing before products are released for sale.
“Macb takes its responsibility as a quality soft drinks manufacturer very seriously and we sincerely apologise to anyone who has had an unpleasant experience with one of our drinks.
“We will be in contact with Mrs Campbell with regards to their specific complaint.”
The company advised that other customers can email customercare@cott.co.uk with any concerns.
News courtesy Andaman Sheekha ::
Port Blair, Feb 14: The Chief Secretary, A & N Administration visited at Gram Panchayat Mannarghat along with Deputy Commissioner, South Andaman District/ Secretary (RD, PRIs & ULB), A & N Admin. on 11/02/2017, with officers of the line departments. During their visit after inspection Mannarghat, Gram Panchayat Office, inspected various work sites such as Community hall Wright Myo, Fish Market Wright Myo etc. Regarding allotment of land for construction of Panchayat Bhawan, Gram Panchayat Mannarghat, they inspected proposed site also. They also enquired about the feasibility of developing tourism at Wright Myo Jetty that already proposed for eco friendly tourism for boating, scuba diving etc
The Pradhan expressed their gratitude on the behalf of gram panchayat/general public for in initiative positive steps taken by the Chief Secretary for prospective development of the gram panchayat.
A teacher allegedly pushed Marlon K'Harii Williams, 6, so hard a tooth was knocked while another had to be removed. GodivaGoddess Kia Facebook Screenshot
Share On more Share On more
Share On more Share On more
The special counsel investigating Russian meddling in last year's presidential election has now expanded their probe and is examining whether President Trump tried to obstruct justice, according to a report.
The Washington Post reported Wednesday that Robert Mueller's investigation into the election has now widened to include the president. The probe reportedly zeroed in on Trump after they fired then-FBI Director James Comey in May, who testified last week they believed they were terminated because of their investigation into Russia's influence on the election.
"It's my judgment that I was fired because of the Russia investigation," Comey said.
This is a developing story. Check back later and follow @BuzzFeedNews on Twitter for updates.
Hook-handed terror preacher says they knew about 9/11 days before attack The notorious hook-handed British hate preacher Abu Hamza al-Masri claimed they were tipped off by militant contacts in Afghanistan about the September 11 attacks four days before planes struck the...
Hook-handed terrorist's right-hand man gets 20 years in prison The right-hand man of the jailed terrorist known as “Hook” was given the maximum sentence of 20 years in prison Friday for planning to set up an al Qaeda training...
Radical cleric's co-conspirator pleads guilty in plot to set up terror camp The right-hand man of the terrorist known as “Hook” ​pleaded guilty in Manhattan federal court on Monday. Haroon Aswat, of Yorkshire, England, copped to providing material support to al Qaeda...
Man who conspired with hook-handed terror preacher to cut plea deal A British man says he's ready to cut a plea deal with Manhattan fed​eral prosecutors admitting ​he conspired with handless hate preacher Abu Hamza al-Masri to set up an al...
Hook-handed terrorist gets life in prison Stick their “spork” in him! Handless hate preacher cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri was sentenced to life in prison Friday following their terror conviction last May on charges of conspiring in...
Hook-handed hate preacher isn't happy being spork-handed in prison This handless hate preacher still can't come to grips ​with ​this infamous “spork.” One-eyed, hook-handed Islamic cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri isn't happy with ​the eating utensil that came with new...
British man extradited to US will face terror charges After fighting extradition for nearly a decade, a British man was forced to fly to New York on Tuesday to finally face charges of conspiring with handless hate preacher Abu...
Father of suspect in Foley beheading was Osama lieutenant The father of the British rapper suspected of beheading American Journalist James Foley was allegedly one of Osama bin Laden's top lieutenants and has a long history of spreading violence....
Al-Masri wrote judge to ask permission to fire lawyers Handless hate preacher Abu Hamza al-Masri has pulled out their poison pen again — this time to fire off a scathing, 23-page letter written with their special prosthetic claiming his...
Congratulations to the following students for having exceptional presentations within their respective categories during the 2017 Texas Tech University Undergraduate Research Conference:
Top Poster Presenter - The Arts
Top Poster – Hannah Hansard & Monica Pasillas Top Poster Presenters - Biological and Chemical Sciences Top Poster Presentation – Brianna George 2nd Place Poster Presentation –Kennady Abbott 3rd Place (Tie) Poster Presentation – Dalton Tidwell 3rd Place (Tie) Poster Presentation – Zach Nguyen & Brandon Palomo Top Poster Presenters - Humanities Top Poster Presentation – Chad Campbell 2nd Place Poster Presentation – Kayla Wilkins 3rd Place Poster Presentation – Pablo Lamino Jaramillo Top Poster Presenters - Law, Public Policy, and Education Top Poster Presentation – Meghan Robertson 2nd Place Poster Presentation – Devin Dellinger 3rd Place Poster Presentation – Rachel Roberts & Stephanie Caro-Aguirre Top Poster Presenters - Physical Sciences Top Poster Presentation (Tie) – Matthew Jordan Top Poster Presentation (Tie) – Michael Doerfert & Zack Buford 2nd Place Poster Presentation – Elizabeth Stoneham Top Poster Presenters - Social Sciences Top Poster Presentation – Jaime Voyles 2nd Place Poster Presentation – Macy Stearns 3rd Place Poster Presentation – Britni Dean Top Oral Presenters Top Oral Presentation: Helen Scott 2nd Place Oral Presentation: Deven Bhakta 3rd Place Oral Presentation: Lindyn Davis Posted:
4/17/2017
Originator:
Jerylme Robins
Email:
jerylme.robins@ttu.edu
Department:
CALUE
Categories
Research
Academic
According to ESPN's Adam Schefter, we should find out which team will be featured on HBO's Hard Knocks in the next few weeks. Per NFL rules, only eight teams are eligible to be on the show. Here's how we'd rank those eight teams in terms of entertainment value…
1. Cleveland Browns
At this point, who isn't fascinated by what's going on in Cleveland? The train wreck factor is always there, but the dynamic between the “Moneyball” front office and the coaching staff is what intrigues me most. Things were pretty amicable during Year 1, but the pressure will grow in 2017, which could lead to some finger pointing if things go south.
The Browns wouldn't allow HBO to air any footage that suggests there's tension between the two sides, but it would still be fascinating to see them interact and share ideas.
2. Tampa Bay Buccaneers
The Buccaneers appear to be the favorites to end up on the show and for good reason: They employ one of the most charismatic and controversial players in the league in Jameis Winston.
You could probably fill an hour every week with just Winston footage alone. DeSean Jackson's presence boosts Tampa's profile, as well. They as a reputation for being difficult in the locker room and it will be interesting to see how true that is. There's also the Doug Martin subplot, which may not be resolved until training camp.
3. Chicago Bears
I'd just tune in for the inevitable Mike Glennon Schadenfreude. Pretty much everyone expects them to fail in Chicago after signing a big contract during the offseason. Wouldn't it be great to see it happen first hand? Like the first pass they throw goes right to a defender and the camera pans over to GM Ryan Pace spiking their phone.
Also, Mark Sanchez is on this team. What if Sanchez actually beat Glennon out in training camp? That would be great television, people.
4. Indianapolis Colts
OK, so Chuck Pagano is a walking cliche and Andrew Luck isn't all that interesting off the field (HAVE YOU HEARD They STILL Have A FLIP PHONE!?!?!?) but I have two words for you: Jim. Irsay.
Look at this dude:
That's a realty TV star right there.
5. New Orleans Saints
Hard Knocks is usually as entertaining as the head coach, and Sean Payton is probably the most entertaining coach on this list. There's also the potential for some Drew Brees awkwardness since the team will likely draft their replacement later this month.
6. Philadelphia Eagles
Philly fans are the only reason the Eagles are this high on the list. Doug Peterson is a less fun version of Andy Reid. Carson Wentz is from North Dakota. And who else is interesting on this team again? Do we really want to watch GM Howie Roseman pat themselves on the back and throw Chip Kelly under the bus for an hour every week? Actually, that might be interesting now that I think about it.
7. Baltimore Ravens
A couple of years ago the Ravens would have been first on this list, but they've lost so many personalities over the last few years. Ray Lewis is gone. Ed Reed is gone. Now Steve Smith is gone. All we have left is Terrell Suggs, and it will be awkward if HBO tries to turn them into the funny guy when they might be a terrible person. Listen, no one is tuning in to watch Joe Flacco and John Harbuagh talk about milk. I'm just assuming that's what those two talk about every day.
8. Tennessee Titans
This would be the end of Hard Knocks as we know it. Nobody outside of Tennessee cares about the Titans. I'd honestly rather watch Remember the Titans every week in August. The ratings would plummet and we'd never get to hear this awesome intro song again.
Don't let this happen, Goodell. Don't you dare let them do this to Liev Schreiber.
We shouldn't be saying this a few days after The Masters, but we will anyway: Golf isn't helping itself.
It isn't the Professional Golfers' Association's fault that world No. 1 Dustin Johnson fell down some stairs and couldn't play in the biggest major tournament in the U.S., but it certainly wasn't doing much to help ratings that faltered in the early rounds. Even when players are healthy and the rounds are as dramatic as they were at the end of last year's tournament, Masters' ratings still manage to slip. Golf's answer is to change absolutely nothing and trudge onward.
It is very much the Ladies Professional Golf Association's fault that it allowed a tattletale television viewer to call in and add four strokes to Lexi Johnson's total at the ANA Inspiration tournament after they spotted a ball less than an inch from its original position. Those strokes cost Thompson the tournament and not only incurred the wrath of Tiger Woods, but just about every golfer at Augusta National two weekends ago.
Though both the United States Golf Association and Britain's Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St. Andrews have agreed to sweeping rules changes that would eliminate such pedantic penalties by 2019, they're more than happy to let Johnson's loss stand and continue their draconian approach to the game for another year and a half.
In the United States, golf doesn't have the luxury of time. In 2014, Nielsen noted that 63% of the PGA's television audience was over the age of 55. Some 87% of that audience was white, while only 12% was younger than 35. By comparison, only 25% of the National Basketball Association's is 55 or older, 47% is younger than 35, and 57% is nonwhite.
The LPGA's key demographic isn't all that different from that of its male counterparts. Both the PGA and LPGA have a viewership that's about 63% male. Roughly 64% of the LPGA's audience is 30 or older, and 84% is white.
Golf's core audience is literally dying, and it's affecting golf far beyond its television broadcasts. After the U.S. built golf courses at a rate of roughly 400 a year during the 1980s and 1990s, it's retreated from a peak of 16,000 courses. Though the U.S. still accounts for more than 40% of the world's golf courses, according to the National Golf Foundation (NGF), the country has lost nearly 800 courses in the past decade. Some have been outright abandoned for their real estate value.
Of course, it would help if anybody actually wanted to play the game. The NGF says the number of U.S. players dropped from an all-time high of 30 million in 2005 to 24.1 million in 2015. That's below even the pre-Tiger Woods high of 24.7 in 1995. Though optimists note that the average number of rounds being played per player hasn't dropped, the U.S. golf industry has been largely unable to woo beginners into playing more than a few rounds before dropping the sport entirely.
Nike NKE, +1.63% has stopped producing golf equipment, Dick's Sporting Goods DKS, +1.23% is cutting space dedicated to the sport, and business is moving off the golf course. Even worse, the number of people ages 18 to 30 playing the sport is down 35% in the past decade. It's an expensive sport that takes more than three hours to play, and instead of making it more attractive to newcomers, designers have been hell-bent on making courses as difficult as possible.
Listen, we understand this is an era of niches and that golf doesn't have to try to be all things to all people. But golf isn't e-sports. It isn't soccer. It isn't the NBA. It's a sport whose niche is narrowing and whose player base is dwindling. It also sits on acres of real estate that have become increasingly valuable as expanding cities try to redevelop golf courses into industrial sites, agricultural areas, housing, park land and mixed-use developments.
There is no second coming of Tiger Woods. There is no burgeoning generation of children longing to play a four-hour game filled with nitpicky, self-policing rules. There is no city in the U.S. willing to trade density and tax ratables for divots and rough. If golf has little to offer this country but televised shots of manicured greens and galleries and living rooms of cranky, aging die-hards, then it should prepare to take a seat beside horse racing among U.S. sports antiques.
Jason Notte is a freelance writer based in Portland, Ore. Their writing has appeared in The New York Times, The Huffington Post and Esquire. Follow them on Twitter @Notteham.
Motorists and technicians alike are always looking for ways to extend engine life and restore engine performance to original levels. Penray Inc. says it has introduced two new chemical service kits that do exactly that.
Penray's new two-step Oil and Fuel Treatment Kit No. 7702 offers a simple-to-use chemical service kit that removes debris and deposits from fuel systems, while fortifying engine oil with a specially-formulated compound that strengthens and extends the life of engine oil. The combination of these two products enhances the effectiveness of any oil change service.
Penray also is introducing an upgraded three-step Premium Oil System Cleaner kit, No. 7603. This new kit includes the same oil and fuel supplements as the two-step kit, and adds Penray's Crankcase and Differential Cleaner. This powerful cleaning agent is particularly useful on higher-mileage engines, those which have seen severe service or those that have not had regular oil and filter changes. This cleaner is designed to be added to engine oil five minutes before draining, and works to dissolve gum, sludge and varnish throughout the crankcase, including critical areas like pistons, rings, cylinder walls and the highly-sensitive cam/lifter interface.
“These two new chemical service kits, created and manufactured in the United States, represent an important opportunity to upgrade a routine oil change into a premium engine service,” said Mark Kardon, director of marketing for Penray. “The precision of fuel injectors used in virtually all late-model cars requires that they be kept meticulously clean and free of debris and deposits that can interfere with proper fuel delivery and injector spray patterns. These two new service kits provide the opportunity to upgrade to a powerful premium service that enhances both performance and longevity.”
Here are all the finalists who have been voted through to Sunday night's live grand final
These are the Britain's Got Talent finalists for 2018.
Advertisement
All week throughout the live semi-finals, viewers have been voting for their favourite acts, and these are the ones who have progressed and made it to the live grand final on Sunday 3rd June.
In a voting twist this year, each night the act with the most votes will automatically go through to the final. Then, the judges will pick their favourite from the acts who placed second and third with the public.
Here are the results:
Semi-final 3 – Wednesday night's results:
Robert White – won the public vote
Gruffydd Wyn Roberts – chosen by the public after a judges' tie
Semi-final 2 – Tuesday night's results:
Donchez Dacres – David Walliams's Golden Buzzer – won the public vote
Calum Courtney – chosen by the public after a judges' tie
Semi-final 1 – Monday night's results:
Lost Voice Guy – won the public vote
The D-Day Darlings – chosen by the judges
Advertisement
Britain's Got Talent's live semi-finals air Monday to Friday on ITV, with the live final on Sunday 3rd June
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
INDEPENDENCE, Mo. -- In 2000, Erin Brockovich became a household name when actor Julia Roberts played them in the movie, “Erin Brockovich.” The environmental activist helped win a multi-million dollar settlement and, in the process, open doors for women.
Brockovich grew up in Lawrence, Kansas, but now travels the nation as a champion for the environment, fighting for safer drinking water and giving women a stronger voice.
Recently they were in Independence, Missouri, speaking at the awards banquet for the Independence Chamber of Commerce on their career and current environmental investigations.
Them immediate focus was on the #MeToo movement and the Women's Marches going on around the nation that weekend.
Brockovich said she's waited their entire life for this moment.
“I started way back in the 90s, and people didn't always speak up," they told FOX4's Mark Alford. "They thought something was being taken care of. And once they realized it wasn't, they kind of started to rise. And I think we are in that moment where there is a real rise happening, and I'm very excited about it -- for women to find their voice and not be afraid to speak up.”
Brockovich has never been afraid to speak up.
As a clerk in a southern California law firm in the 90s, Brockovich helped build a case against a huge power company and won a $333 million settlement for the citizens of Hinkley. They had been drinking chrome-tainted water for years.
Twenty-two years later, Brockovich said their dyslexia actually helped them discover the Hinkley pollution by working the problem “backwards.”
Brockovich said they discovered themselves along the way.
“I've grown up that if I feel you pushing on me, I'm going to definitely respond," Brockovich said. “I was judged. I was different, and people didn't understand that back then. And when we don't understand that, we tend to want to cover it up."
Brockovich said its that cover up that always leads to real change when it's finally unmasked, whether its water pollution in Detroit, political pollution in Washington or sexual abuse pollution in Hollywood or in gymnastics as we've recently seen with the plethora of cases against Larry Nassar.
Brockovich also said the fight isn't over.
“I think there's frustration whether it be inequality with pay or their positions or their frustration of not being able to feel like they could exceed,” Brockovich said. “You would think that the women's movement had come a long way, but it's pretty startling to see that really we haven't.”
Brockovich believes the struggles society is seeing now will end with true equality between the sexes, but as they explained to the crowd in Independence: “Superman is not coming! We have to start speaking up for ourselves and fighting our own battles.”
If you'd like to hear Mark Alford's entire interview with Brockovich, check out their podcast, “Gettin' Comfortable with Mark Alford,” here.
Welcome to the live news blog for Reading, Bracknell and Wokingham on Tuesday December 12.
As always we'll be updating this blog with breaking news throughout the day so if you see or hear something you think we should know about get in touch by calling 0118 918 3024, sending an email getreading@trinitymirror.com, sending a tweet to @getreading or posting a message on our Facebook page.
We'll be dropping in alerts about everything from traffic and travel to business openings and community events to criminal incidents.
For the latest and breaking news visit www.getreading.co.uk/news or follow the updates in this blog.
Don't forget you can also keep up to date with the latest via the free getreading app.
Download it for Apple devices here and Android devices here.
The first data on how well the flu vaccine is working this season in North America has just been published.
The main flu subtype going around in the U.S. and Canada this season is H3N2. A recent study from the journal Eurosurveillance, Europe's journal on infectious disease surveillance, found that the vaccine in use this season is only 10 percent effective.
To produce flu vaccines, manufacturers must grow flu viruses. Researchers discovered long ago that a flu virus grows extremely effectively in eggs. However, researchers also found that there are problems with the egg-based approach that specifically relate to H3N2, and those issues are contributing to lower efficacy this season.
When a vaccine recommended to everyone is found to be only 10% effective during an epidemic flu season, the need for change is clear. Here is a link to an article on the topic: https://t.co/7QlrOYQD82 and here is a resource to help you stay healthy: https://t.co/kheR1X26qc pic.twitter.com/839mrksXs6 — Holistic Health (@HolisticHlthPDX) February 2, 2018
Download
Supplement 1: GISAID sequences used in the study
Rookie Colchester manager John McGreal said experienced opposition boss Steve Evans had helped them hugely with some words of wisdom last season.
Ahead of their showdown on Saturday, McGreal said: “I've come up against Steve twice and he's brilliant to me.
“He's given me little words of wisdom.
“I don't know them well but when you've got so many promotions under your belt, you come with a reputation and I think Mansfield are showing that and putting one or two wins together.
“But we are too and have had two good away performances with two good results and we're at home again, so we're looking forward to it.”
McGreal continued: “It's going to be a tough game for us.
“Steve Evans is renowned for getting teams out of divisions – he's got quite a few promotions under their belt and he's highly experienced.
“He's got them playing – we played them twice last year and it was tough and they have a new team this year which they just seems to be getting going again.
“We'll know on Saturday come 5pm where we're at.
“We think we're a good team but when you're up against a highly experienced team and management, it'll give us a further indication of where we are.
“It will be two teams that complement the way we both play – it's a coming together and one that we're really looking forward to, because you want to test yourself against one of the best teams in the division.”
Period dramas: they're packed full of straight, white people in stuffy outfits arguing about inheritances and proposals… right?
ITV's new 1940s wartime drama The Halcyon is a little different. In a glamorous London hotel, you'll find black musicians, a German refugee chef and RAF officers from across the Empire. You will find relationships that cross class boundaries, and you will find gay Londoners struggling with their sexuality.
The Halcyon itself may not have existed, but this diversity is no invention.
“I didn't want to be in another period show that was covering the same old ground,” says Olivia Williams, who stars as snooty Lady Hamilton. “I didn't want to stand round talking about, ‘You can't marry him, their uncle is a butcher.' I wanted to be in something dynamic.”
They add: “The fact is, London was a diverse place in the war. That was one of the big changes that everyone had to accept is that our vast empire and the dregs of it meant that people from all over the world were pulled into it and came and fought on our behalf, and many of them passed through London and have remained largely unacknowledged for their contribution.
“I just thought it was a new angle I hadn't seen. Where it accepted that there were different people in London even then.”
Not that “hateful” Lady Hamilton is a fan of that diversity, as war and loss forces them to move from their country home to their London hotel.
“This is an uncomfortable thing for Lady Hamilton, to play someone who has to transition from a world in the country – if you like, I'm going to say it because it's the elephant in the room – the Downton world,” they explain.
“She's in the middle of the city in an urban environment with bombs dropping and people having to rub up against each other whether they like it or not.”
Fellow Halcyon star Kara Tointon has already described ITV's new show as a "sexier Downton Abbey", but Williams says the new drama will explore another side of Britain's recent history.
When they read the script, Williams immediately thought of their husband's 101-year-old step-grandmother and their tales of coming to London in the war for the evening to dance at the Hammersmith Palais as the bombs rained down outside. They would dance all night until their feet bled with the black Canadian GIs stationed in the capital.
“When I read it I thought, this isn't just fantasy,” the actor says. “This isn't just trying to do Brookside politically correct TV. This is how it was, and it's a reflection that we don't see very often.
“And of course there were gay people! It's just that it was illegal and so everything had to be conducted in a different way. And of course there were relationships across the classes and across the races.”
Hotel manager Richard Garland may not get on with Lady Hamilton, but the actor who plays them – Steven Mackintosh – is on the same page as Williams.
"I think the kind of diversity is something that has been largely ignored, particularly in period drama," they say. "And to have some central characters that are from diverse backgrounds I think is absolutely right, and I'm sure absolutely reflects the times as they were."
It's a lesson about our country's history of diversity and immigration that comes at a crucial time, they both believe.
“There was a really ugly day on set, the Brexit vote happened when we were filming. Absolute devastation,” Williams recalls. The days after the vote were sobering.
“I'm married to someone who very clearly is not a native of these shores [actor and comedian Rhashan Stone], and we had the first racist remark we've experienced in our married life,” they say.
The comment? In a pub in Hampton: "I don't have to be around your sort any more."
The actor, who has starred in Rushmore, The Sixth Sense and An Education, is at pains to stress The Halcyon doesn't have a “moral message” and won't be shoving anything down anyone's throats. Instead, it is a way of reminding the public of the diversity in our country's past.
“I think parallels are very useful things, and maybe it will wake people up to it a bit and think of the consequences,” they say. “The arts have had to do that, look at Animal Farm, look at George Orwell. You have to tell the story through farmyard animals if necessary.
“Or, the other fear is, that people just go, ‘Oh I like the snotty racist bad woman. She's got a couple of great opinions.' And then, you know, we've all failed.”
Mackintosh adds: "There's a prescience, even more than people had kind of bargained for, in a way.
"At the beginning of our story, obviously it's unsettling times, and it feels like unsettling times now. I mean, the world was incredibly divided then, wasn't it? And division is everywhere now."
The Halcyon will launch on 2nd January at 9pm on ITV
The East Bethel City Council has approved their preliminary budget and levy resolutions for the 2018 calendar year. At the Sept. 6 meeting, four resolutions dealing with general funding, debt service, economic development and housing and redevelopment were passed unanimously. Final approval will be voted on in December.
General fund expenditures are up $237,900, or 5 per cent, and come in at $5.35 million. The general fund levy increases $149,300 over 2017 for a total of $4.32 million. Debt service for 2018 is listed at $1.17 million, a $14,000 increase over 2017.
The preliminary Economic Development Authority levy and budget remains the same for 2018 as it was in 2017, $97,500. The proposed Housing and Redevelopment Authority levy and budget jumps from a 2017 total of $36,000 to $51,600.
Tallied up as one total, the 2018 proposed budget comes in at $5.49 million, up 3.1 percent from 2017. Voting for final approval of the proposed budgets and levies will be done during the first city council meeting of December, scheduled for 7 p.m. Dec. 6 at East Bethel City Hall.
BUFFALO, N.Y. — A western New York woman admits to illegally collecting monthly pension payments for more than 30 years after the death of their mother.
State officials say Pearlann MacVittie of the Buffalo suburb of West Seneca pleaded guilty Thursday to grand larceny. They admit stealing nearly $300,000 in benefits from the City of Buffalo Firemen's Pension Fund.
Authorities say the 73-year-old MacVittie knew they aren't entitled to the benefits after their mother, a firefighter's widow, died in 1983. But they say they continued to sign their mother's name on yearly forms to keep the checks coming. An audit by the state comptroller's office uncovered the fraud.
MacVittie's expected to receive five years of probation when she's sentenced in June.
Xabi Alonso's decision to leave Real Madrid for Bayern Munich in 2014 was not an escape and was purely down to their desire to test themselves in another country again.
After joining from Liverpool five years prior, Alonso somewhat surprisingly opted to leave the Santiago Bernabeu after winning the Champions League, prompting speculation they were pushed out.
But the experienced midfielder has nothing but fond memories of their time in the Spanish capital as they prepare to return to their former hunting ground on Tuesday, when Bayern will look to overturn a 2-1 defeat from the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final tie.
"It was not an escape. I did not flee from anything," Alonso, who will retire at the end of the season, told El Pais.
"It was not like I was uncomfortable at Madrid. I had been at the club for five years, won the Champions League and had to make a decision whether I wanted to try another country or retire at Madrid, where I was very happy.
"The final decision went very quick. Pep [Guardiola] really wanted me at Bavaria and I took a very difficult decision by leaving Madrid on a voluntary basis.
"A lot has been said and written about my departure, but the truth is quite simple. I wanted to test myself in another country before retiring.
"You have to know when to say goodbye. I always try to leave at the right time."
GRAND CANYON NATIONAL PARK, Ariz. (AP) — Authorities searched Grand Canyon National Park on Monday for a teenager and their step-grandmother who were swept away as they tried to cross a creek during a family trip in a remote part of the park.
Two fellow hikers in their group alerted officials over the weekend by setting off an emergency GPS locator beacon in the backcountry below the canyon's North Rim, according to Chief Ranger Matt Vandzura of the National Park Service.
They said the 14-year-old boy and 62-year-old woman lost their footing and were swept away Saturday in Tapeats Creek, a tributary of the Colorado River that runs through the Arizona landmark.
The McCallie School, an all-boys school in Chattanooga, Tennessee, said one of its students, eighth-grader Jackson Standefer, and their step-grandmother were swept downstream.
“The entire McCallie community sends its prayers to the Standefer family and all those close to Jackson as we all hope for a positive ending to this situation,” the school said in a statement, which didn't name the woman.
Vandzura declined to identify the missing pair, the other hikers or their relationship to each other. They said it's too early in the investigation to determine what went wrong.
No rain or flash flooding was reported in the area, but it was not known whether the water level of the creek was higher than usual.
Creeks in the canyon often see higher water levels in the spring as snow melts, Vandzura said.
The Park Service describes conditions in the area on its website, warning that melting snow or heavy rain may make crossing the creek impossible. It also said hikers can use a “sketchy, seldom used trail” that lets them walk around the creek when the water is high, but that the path should be used only as a last resort.
Authorities say the four hikers in the group were on a different path known as Tapeats Trail.
An Arizona Department of Public Safety helicopter searched for the missing pair Saturday night, and the Park Service sent a helicopter and several ground crews to comb the area Sunday.
The Park Service resumed the search Monday with ground crews, a helicopter and a drone.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
"I've got to say, he's the top bass player for me," says Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards of their one-time band-mate, bassist Bill Wyman who turned 80 in October 2016
"Bill Wyman is an incredible bass player, " Richards declared on a short video on their website, marking Wyman's 80th birthday. "I'm so always amazed by Bill's tastefullness in their bass playing. When I knock out a song, right, I say, `ìt goes like this Bill,' and then I hear what's they putting behind it, and I've got to say `this is a most discerning, very sensitive musician. I mean they might be embarassed by this, but I've got to say, he's the top bass player for me."
Wyman played with The Rolling Stones for over 30 years, until their wholly unexpected departure in December 1992.
“Playing with the Stones there was always such a lot of pressure,” the musician told The Telegraph in 2008. “The next album or single always had to be the best, or at least sell more. When we got together to play it was a great moment. Working with Charlie [Watts] was fantastic, and we're still really close. But when I toured with the Stones it would take a month to practice all these songs we'd been playing for 30 years.”
Back in October, Van Morrison, Robert Plant and others joined Wyman and their Rhythm Kings in a concert at London's Indigo Club. The tribute night celebrated American rhythm and blues and Wyman's place in the evolution of that music, as it invaded London in the so-called Swinging 1960s.
The Rolling Stones in the 1960s - Bill Wyman third from left
Vince Reinhart, BNY Mellon Chief Economist & Chief Investment Strategist, says in the long run, we're anchored by the growth of aggregate supply. Gabriela Santos, JPMorgan Asset Management Global Market Strategist, says the hard data in Europe has disappointed. Elsa Lignos, RBC Global Head of FX Strategy, says RBC is forecasting some dollar strength into year end. And Mike Mayo, Wells Fargo Head of U.S. Large-Cap Bank Research, says JPMorgan is best in class for governance.
Radio +1-212-617-5560
Running time 33:08
WASHINGTON -- The Trump administration declined on Wednesday to specifically condemn Israel's approval of over 2,000 new settler homes to be constructed in the West Bank, despite noting of the president's past statements discouraging future settlement growth.
Since taking office, US President Donald Trump has characterized Israeli construction in the West Bank as "unhelpful" to the pursuit of peace. In their first month in office, they asked Israel's prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, to hold back on construction approval.
But since that time, the Netanyahu government has approved over 10,000 new homes for Israeli settlers– an unprecedented pace of activity."The president has made their position on new settlement activity clear, and we encourage all parties to continue to work towards peace," a National Security Council spokesperson said. And "the Israeli government has made clear that going forward, its intent is to adopt a policy regarding settlement activity that takes the president's concerns into consideration.""The United States welcomes this," the official added. "As the president has said repeatedly, the Administration is firmly committed to pursuing a comprehensive peace between Israelis and Palestinians."Trump has directed their son-in-law, Jared Kushner; their envoy to Israel, David Friedman; and their special representative for international negotiations, Jason Greenblatt, to forge a plan for a comprehensive Israeli-Palestinian peace. The plan is said to be complete, but the team is waiting for a ripe political moment to release it.
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
A Missouri company is putting a tool normally used by police into the hands of schools, businesses and parents. (Published 2 hours ago)
Parents Can Now Hire Drug Dogs to Sniff Their Kids
Suspicious parents can now hire a drug-sniffing dog to let them know whether their children are using drugs.
A Missouri company is putting a tool normally used by police into the hands of schools, businesses and parents, for a fee.
Metro K9 Services offers sweeps by the highly-trained dogs.
"I thought it'd be a good idea to have a dog that's not law enforcement, a non law enforcement canine that doesn't do apprehension or anything like that where it's safe to have them among the students, so I had started it," Ray McCarty says.
Parents can rent the K9 to see whether or not their kids have drugs hidden in their rooms.
"The times that we find things, it's basically just confirming the parent's suspicions and it's nice when we don't find things," McCarty says.
Read more here.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Ant is now out of rehab after a two-month stint
Ant McPartlin has thanked fans for their support after revealing doctors warned they could have died from their painkiller and alcohol addictions.
In a Twitter post, Ant wrote that they were "overwhelmed" by the positive feedback they had received.
The star has received more than 2,000 tweets in response to their message.
Skip Twitter post by @antanddec Have to say I'm overwhelmed by everyone's love, support and well wishes today. Thank you one and all. I'm sending all my love back.
A xxx — antanddec (@antanddec) August 13, 2017 Report
Ant entered rehab in June, having become addicted to alcohol and prescription painkillers following a knee operation in 2015.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Ant and Dec have been friends and TV partners since the late 1980s when they met on TV series Byker Grove
The Bafta-winning star of shows including Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway and I'm a Celebrity Get Me Out of Here! spoke to The Sun on Sunday after spending two months in rehab.
They said their wife Lisa and TV partner and friend Dec Donnelly had encouraged them to seek help.
"I was at the point where anything - prescription drugs, non-prescription drugs - I would take," they said.
"And take them with alcohol, which is ridiculous. The doctors told me, 'You could have killed yourself'."
They told the newspaper that Dec got involved earlier this year after they delayed a second knee operation so they could carry on working on ITV show Britain's Got Talent.
After undergoing surgery following the show's final, McPartlin said they were "just done" and after an hour-long chat with Dec, they entered to a rehab clinic.
The star is now clean from both prescription drugs and alcohol.
Addiction: Where to get help?
There are numerous charities who can help with addiction including:
Action on Addiction
Alcoholics Anonymous
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
“Not another Carillion,” says UK government to soothe frazzled nerves, as entire industry is teetering.
By Don Quijones, Spain, UK, & Mexico, editor at WOLF STREET .
Since the sudden downfall of the British infrastructure giant Carillion two weeks ago, investors' nerves in London are frayed. And short-sellers, scanning the horizon for their next prey, seem to have found it.
Its name is Capita. It is one of the UK government's biggest outsourcing firms with contracts to provide services to government entities, such as NHS cleaning, school dinners, and prison maintenance. It has 70,000 employees in the UK, Europe, South Africa, and India.
On Wednesday, its shares tumbled 47.5% to a 15-year low after its new CEO, Jon Lewis, slashed profit forecasts, announced plans to tap the capital market for £700 million, and suspended a dividend that was worth more than £200 million to shareholders last year.
On Thursday, the rout continued , with shares dropping a further 13%. On Friday, shares bounced off a tiny 2.3% to close at 162.3 pence, down 77% from June 2017 and down 88% from July 2015.
In a desperate bid to calm market nerves at the height of Wednesday's rout, the UK government released a statement insisting that Capita was “not another Carillion.”
But whatever the government might say, there is a striking resemblance between the two companies:
Like Carillion, Capita is massively dependent on government contracts. In the last two years alone it was awarded 226 public sector contracts — 10 times more than Carillion — making it the biggest supplier of local government services in the country, according to public sector data provider Tussel.
Like Carillion, Capita is massively in debt, with an estimated £1.1 billion of funds outstanding. And like Carillion, it's been exceptionally generous with its dividend policy in recent years. So did it, as Carillion is accused of doing, borrow money and sell-off assets in order to pay its dividends, in direct contravention of UK law?
Like Carillion, Capita has a pension shortfall, estimated to be around £380 millioin, but, as happened with Carillion, it could grow in the coming days as the full extent of its long-term liabilities becomes clear.
Capita also shares the same auditor as Carillion, KPMG, whose alleged role in cloaking Carillion's financial reality is already under investigation by two parliamentary inquiries.
There are also important differences between Capita and Carillion, not all good.
On the positive side, unlike Carlillion, Capita has over £1 billion of cash on its balance sheet. And Capita doesn't have high-risk high-cost construction projects bleeding it dry.
But Capita is hemorrhaging funds at a startling rate. And it has been losing important business contracts, partly as a result of the political uncertainty over Brexit. Whether Capita gets through the immediate storm it faces will depend largely on its ability to raise £700 million from shareholders, for which it claims it already has full “standby underwriting” — but their undertaking has gotten immensely more difficult after the crash of its shares.
If it fails, the implications for the UK government could be huge. It already has to take over many of Carillion's sprawling public service operations, which will no doubt be funded by an expansion of public debt, while concerns are growing about the gaping deficits at UK pension funds, estimated to be worth a combined £210 billion. If Capita were also to collapse, the sheer scale and scope of its operations would make it even more complicated to replace. As the UK Independent reports, Capita doesn't just provide some services, it runs entire councils:
Created from humble beginnings in 1984 as a for-profit consultancy arm of the Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy (CIPFA) – Capita became the Vampire Squid of business process outsourcing, its money grabbing tentacles extending through every layer of Government, from pensions, to council finance, from parking and congestion charges to NHS GP primary care support, funeral services, and even the privatised food safety agency.
If the financial situation becomes untenable at Capita, not only would the government have to mobilize a herculean effort to ensure the firm's sprawling, diffuse web of services continue to be delivered; it could also have serious knock-on effects for other outsourcing firms such as Serco and Interserve, both of which have their own share of problems.
In the last 12 months, Serco's stock has fallen 40% and is down 78% from July 2013. Shares of Interserve, which is already on a watch list, plunged 25% over the past two days, 35% over the past two weeks, and 88% from June 2015. In the event that Capita's turnaround plan fails, contagion could spread throughout the teetering sector, at which point the viability of the UK's public-private service model could even be threatened. For the country's already slowing economy, the timing could not be worse. By Don Quijones.
Has the Carillion collapse triggered the “Next Arthur Andersen?” No, the “Final Four” audit firms are “too big to replace.” Read… Fallout from Carillion Collapse Hits KPMG
Would you like to be notified via email when WOLF STREET publishes a new article? Sign up here.
Wild bees, such as bumblebees, don't get as much love as honeybees, but they should. They play just as crucial a role in pollinating many fruits, vegetables, and wildflowers, and compared to managed colonies of honeybees, they're in much greater jeopardy.
A group of scientists in the United Kingdom decided to look at how bumblebee queens are affected by some widely used and highly controversial pesticides known as neonicotinoids. What they found isn't pretty.
Neonics, as they're often called, are applied as a coating on the seeds of some of the most widely grown crops in the country, including corn, soybeans, and canola. These pesticides are "systemic" — they move throughout the growing plants. Traces of them end up in pollen, which bees consume. Neonicotinoid residues also have been found in the pollen of wildflowers growing near fields and in nearby streams.
The scientists, based at Royal Holloway University of London, set up a laboratory experiment with bumblebee queens. They fed those queens a syrup containing traces of a neonicotinoid pesticide called thiamethoxam, and the amount of the pesticide, they say, was similar to what bees living near fields of neonic-treated canola might be exposed to.
Bumblebee queens exposed to the pesticide were 26 percent less likely to lay eggs, compared to queens that weren't exposed to the pesticide. The team published their findings in the journal Nature Ecology and Evolution.
"Without the queen laying eggs, there is no colony," says Nigel Raine, one of the scientists who conducted the experiment. Raine helped start the experiment, but has since moved to the University of Guelph in Canada.
According to Raine and their colleagues, the reduction in reproduction is so large that wild bumblebee populations exposed to these chemicals could enter a spiral of decline and eventually die out.
"To me, based on the data we have, it seems like quite a big impact," Raine says.
But they say scientists don't know how harmful the pesticide exposure is in the wild, compared to other perils the bees face, such as disappearing wildflowers that bees rely on for food. "I don't think we have a really good handle on how important, say, nutrition limitation is — if they can't find the right flowers. Or parasite loads. I'd say [neonic exposure] is important and significant, but other factors may be important and significant, too," they say.
The results are likely to strengthen calls for further restrictions on use of the pesticides. The European Union imposed a temporary moratorium on use of neonicotinoid pesticides on many crops in 2013, and is now considering proposals to make that moratorium permanent. Pesticide companies and some farmers are fighting those restrictions. They argue that the moratorium has led to lower yields of canola and an increase in spraying of other pesticides to fight insects that previously were controlled by neonicotinoid coatings on seeds.
Cardiff Blues chief executive Richard Holland says they would welcome more South African teams to join the Pro14 following the introduction of Cheetahs and Southern Kings last season.
They say they have been "a great addition" to the league.
Video
The sewage waste of a million people across Bristol is being used to produce energy for the city.
The council owned national energy company, Bristol Energy, is offering its customers biomethane - an environmentally friendly substitute for the fossil fuel natural gas.
It is made from treating local human waste.
The best of the rest
By Jerrison Oracion, Senior Columnist
Throughout the year, there were a lot of music videos that had a lot of people talking. While there were some videos that I may have talked about in earlier editions of this column, with the amount of great videos out there I did not have time to talk about all of them. Here are some music videos that I discovered this year.
Recorded when Calvin Harris was dating Taylor Swift and released after they broke up with her, they address the breakup with the song and its music video. We see Harris in a server building wearing virtual reality eyewear, and they are put in a Westworld type farm. As the music video progresses, the things around him, including a woman, shift. In the second half of the video, we see a group of women in their barn dancing with laser lights. You'll see things that cause the video to look like it is buffering, but you do not need to refresh your web browser. Harris looks kind of like Ryan Gosling in this music video.
Bruno Mars and their backup singers/dancers have a night out in Las Vegas in the music video of the first hit single from their recent album 24K Magic. Directed by The Young Astronauts (a Canadian group of directors), we see Mars and company go to parties, including a party in the Bellagio resort. They also dance in the streets of the city and drive along the Las Vegas Strip. The dances in the music video are 1980s-style dances, just like the style of 24K Magic, which has a 1980s sound. We even see Mars riding a Sea-Doo in the fountain of the Bellagio, which would only be topped by Drake prancing in the fountain when they performed in the Billboard Music Awards this year.
As the line goes in the hit single from Maren Morris's Grammy-winning first album Hero: “I'm a '90s baby in my '80s Mercedes.” In the music video, we see Maren drive their Mercedes-Benz 380SL, including a road trip and a night out. The forest that Morris drives in looks like the forest that Llewyn drives through in Inside Llewyn Davis. I wonder how the singer is able to lie down in the front of the car and have the car still moving without them driving it.
The Canada-born Strumbellas are considered as the next Arcade Fire, and they had a very controversial line in this song with, “I got guns in my head and they won't go.” The music video of the hit single from the band's first album Hope involves them going to a funeral of an unknown person with unusual people surrounding them. They then do a parade in the streets while moving the coffin of the person. This parade tries to top off the parade in the music video of the Arcade Fire song Rebellion.
Four Dead in Apparent Murder-Suicide
The coroner says a mother, their two children aged 4 and 1 and the children's father were found shot to death in a home in South Carolina.
Netflix lands Ryan Murphy in $300M mega-deal Six months after Netflix hired producer Shonda Rhimes away from ABC, it has struck again. The Los Gatos, Calif., company on Tuesday hired Ryan Murphy, who has produced the massive...
Disney close to landing mega-deal for Fox franchises Disney may be just days away from buying a treasure trove of assets from Twenty-First Century Fox — including its storied 20th Century Fox film studio. The Mouse House and...
'Gotham' star Morena Baccarin is living their best NYC life Like many almost-4-year-olds, Morena Baccarin's son adores superheroes. So when they overheard someone mentioning Gotham to their mother — as in the city where Batman operates — they had some...
Ben McKenzie put a ring on baby mama Morena Baccarin Ben McKenzie and Morena Baccarin, who is wearing an engagement ringPhoto: WireImage Ben McKenzie and Morena Baccarin, who welcomed a daughter in March, plan to wed. A source close to...
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & [...]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the [...]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous [...]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, [...]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for [...]
England fans have been celebrating their team's dramatic victory over Colombia in a penalty shootout, marking the first time they have won a World Cup knockout match in 12 years.
Fans — from football pundits to Prince William — celebrated the news, with many taking to social media to share their reaction to England advancing to the quarter-final match against Sweden.
Here's a look at some of the best reactions to the win.
Penalty victory met with cheers
Fans watching the match on big screens in England erupted in cheers as Eric Dier scored the final penalty, confirming their country's place in the last eight of the tournament.
Traffic blocked
Video footage showed traffic in London's Shoreditch High Street brought to a standstill by jubilant groups of fans.
‘It's coming home'
English comedians David Baddiel and Frank Skinner, whose song “Three Lions” with the band The Lightning Seeds has become an anthem for England fans, celebrated the news, saying “it's just about still coming home.”
Many England supporters joined them, using hashtags #ItsComingHome and #FootballsComingHomeAgain along with videos of their celebrations.
Royal reaction
Prince William was quick to congratulate the England team via Kensington Palace's Twitter account.
Pundits rejoice
Former footballers Gary Neville, Ian Wright and Lee Dixon were captured on camera celebrating the final goal.
Players react
England players also took to social media to share their reactions to the win.
[anvplayer video=”4244944″]
Matt Damon, Kristin Wiig and Niecy Nash star in the new movie Downsizing. The film is visually beautiful with some epic scenery and great special effects that turn one family into 5-inch versions of themselves in order to save the world and live larger than life. In this scene We see Matt Damon, Kristin Wiig and Niecy Nash fill out their entry form into Leisureland a micro-community where all the little people want to live. Check it out.
Downsizing hits theaters December 22nd, 2017
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Image copyright Getty Images
Drake has addressed the controversy of a photo of them appearing to be in blackface.
The Canadian rapper said it was to highlight and raise frustrations about black actors "not always getting a fair chance in the industry".
They said it was taken as part of a project while working as an actor - and not for a clothing brand shoot.
The 2007 photo resurfaced after Pusha T posted it on their Instagram, along with a track taking aim at Drake.
On their Instagram story, the God's Plan rapper said: "The photos represented how African Americans were once wrongfully portrayed in entertainment."
They said the photo was from a project that was about "young black actors struggling to get roles, being stereotyped and type cast".
Previous reports suggested the photos were from a clothing brand shoot but Drake insisted this was wrong.
Image copyright Drake/ Instagram
Drake said they and their best friend at the time, actor Mazin Elsadig, were "attempting to use our voice to bring awareness to the issues we dealt with all the time as black actors in auditions".
Pusha T has used the photo to promote The Story of Adidon - the latest in a line of diss tracks between the two rappers.
They were responding to Drake's track Duppy Freestyle, which was released on Friday.
Follow Newsbeat on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter.
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 every weekday on BBC Radio 1 and 1Xtra - if you miss us you can listen back here.
Hugo Castro's missing poster reads, “Wanted. Seen for the last time on a live steam April 13 at 4:28 pm.” Border Angels
Their partner told
KPBS radio in San Diego they are scheduled to meet Tuesday morning in Mexico City with federal prosecutors to review security camera video that they hope will give clues as to theirs whereabouts.
In their own 20-minute video, posted on Facebook Thursday afternoon, Castro says in Spanish, “I was threatened. They want to kill me,” adding a short time later: “I need help. I need help.”
Castro's partner, Gaba Cortes, told KPBS that they missed a phone call Friday afternoon but called the number back and reached a taxi driver, who told them that they had driven Castro to Mexico City. The American reportedly said they still planned to head to the rendezvous point for the immigrant caravan, in the town of Querétaro, which is about 130 miles northwest of the capital.
In the Facebook video, Castro appears alongside a freeway and says they are the road that connects Mexico City with the city of Puebla, to the southeast. The American reports that their cell phone battery is running low and that they do not have a lot of money.
They mention others who have disappeared in Mexico and says, “Please, someone come. . . . I don't know what else to say.”
Castro has been working odd jobs to pay the bills but devoting most of their time over the past decade to aid immigrants in Mexico, according to Morones. Both men work for Border Angels which, according to its website, is an “all-volunteer, non-profit organization that advocates for human rights, humane immigration reform, and social justice.”
Castro had been
featured a week ago by KPBS for their work aiding Haitians stranded in Tijuana and Mexicali after the U.S. toughened entry rules on the Caribbean refugees. The story depicted Castro bringing food to shelters and confronting an aid worker who appeared to no longer be welcoming the foreigners.
Castro said that they did not believe in the leaders of Mexico or the U.S., adding: “But I do believe in the people. So we, the people, el pueblo, are the ones who are bringing the change.”
Morones said it was not uncommon for volunteers working along the border to be threatened by smugglers and others who making money by preying on migrants. “About three weeks ago, Hugo was threatened,” Morones said. “He was trying to help these Haitians and people who were trying to take advantage of them said ‘It's none of your business. Stay out of it.' ” Morones said they told the volunteer to file a police report about the intimidation.
In joining the caravan escorting Central Americans from Querétaro, Castro intended to raise awareness about the plight of the migrants, many of whom cannot get asylum in the U.S. Smugglers and others have robbed, raped and beaten the immigrants.
Castro's sister, Angie Velazquez, said via email that their brother had helped hundreds of people, but they declined to “brag about it” or seek attention.
“He has the kindest heart,” they said. “He helps, whether they know you or not; they help with no strings attached.”
A Langley Mill woman has been hit in the pocket to the tune of nearly £900 after appearing in court on fly-tipping charges.
Lalarnie Hayburn attended Southern Derbyshire Magistrates' Court after a warrant was issued for their arrest - having failed to appear on three previous occasions.
They entered a guilty plea to a charge under the Environmental Protection Act 1990 of failing in their duty of care as an occupier of domestic premises to ensure disposal of waste is only to an authorised person.
The court heard Hayburn paid Richard Oakey, of Ilkeston, to take away their waste on three occasions, but the waste was found fly-tipped.
Sue Bonnington, Amber Valley Borough Council's Community Support Principal Officer, commented: “This incident was part of a much larger fly-tipping case where up to ten other fly-tipping incidents where reported.
“I would like to remind householders to be vigilant when disposing of household waste and not use so-called ‘white van men' to remove waste unless they are sure they are registered waste carriers. The householder has a duty of care to make sure their waste is disposed of properly and may be prosecuted even though they paid someone to take it away.”
Hayburn was ordered to pay a fine of £140, costs of £723, plus £200 in clear-up fees and a £30 victim surcharge.
To report fly-tipping, call the council hotline on 01773 841335.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Frustration was the enduring feeling of most Reading fans as they watched their side huff and puff to a point against 10-man Fulham on Saturday.
The fact that Cottagers were a man short for all but 30 seconds of the game only added to a strong sense that this was a huge missed opportunity for Royals.
After losing so meekly 2-0 at QPR the previous week, Reading had the perfect chance to get their season up and running.
Tomas Kalas, who conceded a penalty in the play-off semi-final at Madejski Stadium three months earlier, was in trouble again after Royals' first serious attack.
The defender lost possession 30 yards from their own goal and hauled down Modou Barrow.
Referee Simon Hooper brought out the red card immediately and Fulham were left to re-organise in an effort to rescue something from the match.
Although Reading enjoyed 71 per cent of possession and got themselves into a string of promising positions, they had little to show for their efforts.
Royals also showed a lack of ambition in trying to unlock Fulham's defence. Rather than use pace and trickery to get behind the Londoners' massed ranks, Reading looked rather laboured as they slowly worked the ball from side to side, giving Fulham's rearguard plenty of chances to readjust their positions and stay solid.
Reading showed greater urgency at the start of the second half and had their best spell of the match. John Swift's curling shot was turned over by Button early on, then the breakthrough came on the hour.
The goal should have released the shackles on Royals' display. Further goals could have been expected as Fulham's 10-men began to flag in the August sunshine.
Yet the opposite happened.
It was the Londoners who looked more dangerous on the break as Reading became nervy, wasting possession and inviting pressure on themselves.
Indeed, it was Royals who looked a bit short of numbers at times as they became stretched by Fulham's quick counter-attacks.
The players also started to lose their discipline. Three got booked - Liam Moore, Tiago Ilori and Swift - in the space of three minutes to add to the sense that all was not well.
Yet it took a basic error to let Fulham back into the match.
Another ex-Reading player, Lucas Piazon, latched onto Joey van den Berg's underhit pass and raced clear before drawing Vito Mannone and slotting into the net.
Despite eight minutes being left, plus five minutes of stoppage time, Royals didn't look capable of engineering another clear-cut chance.
They presently lack any real cutting edge and don't have enough players with a physical presence to pose many problems at set pieces.
Making a slow start to a season is not unheard of at Madejski Stadium. It's also something that often happens to team that just miss out in the play-offs.
There's still plenty of time to iron out the creases and get things back on track.
But the lack of a serious goal threat remains a major headache. It was something they just about managed to get away with last term.
Opponents are likely to be a bit wiser to Reading's style this time around, so extra strike power would seem a must if Royals are to mount a serious challenge.
Don't forget you can keep track of all the Reading FC news on the getreading website and through Jonathan Low's Twitter account @jonathanl50.
You can also stay up to date with news through Jonathan's Facebook page.
A FILE is to be prepared for the Director of Public Prosecutions following a significant drugs seizure in County Limerick at the weekend.
Heroin with an estimated street value of around €30,000 was recovered by gardai during searches of a house in Castleconnell on Saturday afternoon.
The drugs have been sent for forensic analysis and investigations are continuing.
Two men, aged 24 and 28, who were arrested and detained on Saturday have since been released without charge.
Both were questioned under the provisions of Section 2 of the Criminal Justice (Drug Trafficking) Act at garda stations in the city.
A spokesperson at the Garda Press Office confirmed this Monday that a file is to be prepared for the DPP.
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — The Oklahoma Supreme Court says an initiative petition seeking a public vote on whether to increase the oil and gas production tax to help fund education can move forward.
The court ruled on Monday that the petition is "legally sufficient" to be submitted to a vote of the people. Supporters will now have a 90-day window to gather about 124,000 signatures.
The Oklahoma Independent Petroleum Association argued the proposal created an unconstitutional retroactive tax and violated the single-subject rule. The court disagreed.
The proposal by Restore Oklahoma Now, Inc. would increase the tax on oil and gas production in Oklahoma by 5 percent. About 90 percent of the revenue would be earmarked for a $4,000 teacher raise, with the rest aimed at early education programs.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Republicans released a plan Monday that would stabilize Obamacare and could significantly lower health care costs — but it comes with sweeping new limits on abortion coverage that threaten to tank an otherwise bipartisan deal.
The abortion crackdown is unacceptable to Democrats, meaning millions of people will continue to pay higher premiums as Congress fails to pass a stabilization deal, absent some new compromise.
Democrats and Republicans have been talking for months about a bill to curtail rising insurance premiums, and have the rare opportunity to include it in a must-pass spending bill this week. Democrats say those talks were ongoing Monday when they were blindsided by Republicans releasing their own proposal.
The Republican plan would reinstate two key Obamacare subsidies, including one cut off by the Trump White House just last year, as well as give states more power to craft their own rules. One program involves the federal government helping to pay the health care costs of lower-income people on the individual markets. The second program would essentially insure the insurance companies, and protect them from major losses if their customers' health costs came in unexpectedly high. The idea is that the federal government shouldering some of the risk allows insurers to set premiums at lower rates.
But the plan would also expand how the Hyde Amendment — legal language banning the use of federal money to pay for abortions — would apply to insurance subsidies. Currently, plans can work around the Hyde Amendment by separating out premiums that pay for abortion coverage from premiums that pay for everything else. That way insurers can receive federal help for one set of premiums, while keeping abortion coverage costs aside.
This workaround would not be available under the new GOP proposal. Plans receiving federal subsidies would not be able to offer abortion coverage at all — even if they were paid for separately. Given the amount of money at stake, this could essentially mean the end of plans that cover abortion on the individual market.
Twenty-five states already have rules banning insurance plans on the Obamacare markets from covering abortion. But three others (New York, California, and Oregon) require regulated insurance plans to include abortion coverage. Plans in these three states would be caught between contradictory rules. State law would force them to offer abortion coverage, while federal law would ban them from accepting subsidies for doing so.
Democrats say they believe the provision was pushed by House Speaker Paul Ryan, and are calling it a nonstarter. The dispute threatens to kill the deal, which would otherwise lower health care costs.
“The federal funding in this proposal would meaningfully lower premiums for middle-class people who buy their own insurance. It could even mean that premiums in much of the country would actually go down in 2019,” said Larry Levitt of the Kaiser Family Foundation.
Republicans say that it is standard to apply Hyde Amendment language to federal programs that could be used to fund abortions.
Unless a deal is reached, Congress will miss likely its last chance for some time to pass legislation to stabilize the Obamacare markets. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell promised Republican Sen. Susan Collins that they would include a stabilization bill as part of a must-pass bill this year, in exchange for them supporting the GOP tax bill. So far that has not happened.
If a deal were to be reached in the next few days, it could be added to the omnibus spending bill that must pass by March 23 to avoid another government shutdown. However, some House Republicans, led by the right-wing Freedom Caucus, oppose spending any further money to support the Affordable Care Act.
Ironically, the actual cost of the stabilization bill may be nonexistent, as it would lead to less reliance on other federal subsidies. The Congressional Budget Office found that a similar stabilization bill would actually save the government a few billion dollars over the next decade.
Chris Tibbs offers a few different ways to get past a cut-off low pressure system.
How many times do skippers – racers and cruisers – report that some of the worst Atlantic conditions are to be found between mainland Europe and the Canary Islands? Many of these reports are from those caught out by a cut-off low – often an insignificant-looking weather system that can pack quite a punch.
Once past Finisterre, race skippers in the Vendée Globe, or those attempting the Jules Verne Trophy, should soon pick up the Portuguese Trades and start their long, fast run to the Doldrums, usually passing to the west of the Canary and Cape Verde Islands. Cruisers heading south to the Canaries prior to an Atlantic crossing also enjoy these typically strong, favourable winds as they leave Spain, Portugal or join the route having passed through the Straits of Gibraltar.
Routeing charts show the wind as being predominantly from the north-east, but it does vary as depressions pass close to the north, temporarily displacing the Azores High. However, when the Azores High is north of its ‘normal' position it is possible to get a small low trapped, or cut off, south of the high, somewhere between the latitude of Lisbon and the Canary Islands. These cut-off lows, detached from the steering force of the jet stream, can then linger for days following a track that is erratic and difficult to forecast. Indeed they sometimes even track to the west.
It is easy to underestimate cut-off lows due to the fact that, for a given pressure gradient, the further south we are (in the northern hemisphere) the stronger the wind. For example, isobar spacing that would indicate 20 knots at 50° latitude, will, for the same spacing, give 30 knots at 30°.
Navigation dilemma
Whether racing or cruising, these lows create a dilemma: the shortest route will most likely be between the low and Africa, but this will give strong headwinds and an uncomfortable sea state. However, to pass north of the low by heading out into the Atlantic will add a considerable number of miles and there is still the uncertainty as to where the low will track. It may stay in place or track east, but if it does go west, skippers could find themselves heading in the same direction as the weather system they are trying to avoid.
For racing skippers with a long-term strategy, a fast westerly route may look more appealing: get north of the low in favourable winds then head south. However apart from the fact that the low may drift west, if it does drift east, there is often a hole in the wind as the low moves away before the Trades are re-established, delaying the moment when the skipper can get back on track. Passing to the east, the beat may not be very appealing and with such a long way to go, any damage or breakage could be expensive later in the race. Sometimes the Trades will stay as a band of light wind close to the African coast, and if the low fills or drifts west, the Trades will fill in on the east side first. However should the low track east, the door shuts, leaving the skipper facing an increasing then veering south-westerly along with a lee shore.
There are no easy answers. For the racing yachts the decision may well determine the overall results months down the line, and regularly provides excitement for the audience following along at home. For yachts heading to the Canaries ahead of a transatlantic passage, passing to the west of a cut-off low is usually not an option as it adds too many miles and may make landfall in the Canaries difficult. The key advantage for cruisers, of course, is that they can choose their departure time. A five-day forecast will indicate a cut-off low so the best option is to delay and avoid it.
Click to email (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Flipboard (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
NASCAR visits a short track for the first time this season when it heads to Martinsville Speedway, the oldest track on the circuit.
The Cup Series is joined by the Camping World Truck Series, which has been off the last two weeks.
Here are the entry lists for both races.
Cup – STP 500
There are 38 cars entered.
Jeffrey Earnhardt is listed as driving StarCom Racing's No. 00 Chevrolet, but the team announced Sunday it has parted ways with Earnhardt.
Landon Cassill will take their place this weekend and at Texas Motor Speedway.
D.J. Kennington is entered in their third race this season, driving Gaunt Brothers Racing's No. 96 Toyota.
Ross Chastain is entered in Premium Motorsports' No. 15 Chevrolet for the fifth time this season.
Harrison Rhodes is entered in Rick Ware Racing's No. 51 Chevrolet. Rhodes has one start in the No. 51 at Atlanta.
Last year, Brad Keselowski won this race after leading 116 of 500 laps. They beat Kyle Busch and Chase Elliott. In the fall playoff race, Busch won over Martin Truex Jr. and Clint Bowyer.
Click here for the entry lists.
Trucks – Alpha Energy Solutions 250
There are 36 trucks entered.
Todd Gilliland will make their first start of the season in Kyle Busch Motorsports' No. 4 Toyota.
Their father, David Gilliland, is entered in DGR-Crosley's No. 54 Toyota.
Timothy Peters will make their first start of the year driving Ricky Benton Racing's No. 92 Ford. A former driver for the defunct Red Horse Racing, Peters' last start was in the 2017 finale at Homestead-Miami Speedway.
Last year, Chase Elliott won this race over Johnny Sauter and Christopher Bell. The fall playoff race was won by Noah Gragson over Matt Crafton and Sauter.
Click here for the entry list.
There was no end of intrigue at the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show this year.
Rumor, the German shepherd who narrowly lost at last year's show, had come close to simply hanging up their leash and retiring. Instead, they stormed back to win their category again this year — and then, to top it all off, beat out more than 2,800 dogs to take Best in Show on Tuesday, as well.
The triumph makes them only the second German shepherd to win the top prize in Westminster's 141-year history. Considering Westminster is the second-longest continuously running sporting event in the U.S. — second only to the Kentucky Derby — the redemptive win for the 5 1/2-year-old female is no mean feat.
Not only that, but as NPR's Merrit Kennedy noted earlier this month, Westminster also played host to another rarity at this year's dog show: cats. The featured felines shared a showcase with the dogs called Meet & Compete.
Still, whatever words we can offer on the event seem a little beside the point. The dogs — big and small, noble and loony — are the main event.
So, without further throat-clearing, here's what you came for: A few of our very favorite images from the competition.
ANCHORAGE, Alaska — Two lawsuits filed Friday claim the federal government conducted petroleum lease sales without proper environmental review in a part of northern Alaska known for its wildlife.
The Bureau of Land Management on Dec. 14 conducted the largest-ever lease offering within the National Petroleum Reserve-Alaska, putting out for bid 900 tracts covering 16,100 square miles (41,700 sq. kilometres), roughly the size of New Hampshire and Massachusetts combined.
In the first lawsuit, five environmental groups said the BLM relied on an environmental review preceding a 2013 NPR-A management plan for the lease sale. Federal law for lease sales, the lawsuit said, required an updated environmental review of the specific land to be offered in a sale, and how wildlife and habitat would be affected.
“The Trump Administration is in such a rush to sell off our public lands to the oil and gas industry that it isn't even taking the time to comply with the law,” Suzanne Bostrom, an attorney for Trustees for Alaska, an environmental law firm representing the groups, said in a statement.
In the second lawsuit, filed by environmental law firm Earthjustice, four other environmental groups claimed 2016 and 2017 lease sales in the reserve were illegal because the Interior Department failed to take a hard look at their effects on greenhouse gas emissions and climate change.
Email requests for comment from the Interior Department and the U.S. Department of Justice were not returned Friday.
The petroleum reserve was created in 1923 by President Warren Harding as an emergency oil supply for the Navy. The reserve is south of the country's northernmost city, Utqiagvik, formerly Barrow.
The reserve covers 35,625 square miles (92,269 sq. kilometres), about the size of Indiana. There are 189 authorized petroleum leases in the NPR-A.
A management plan for the reserve adopted in 2013 splits its acreage roughly in half between conservation areas and land available for petroleum development. Former Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said at the time that oil companies would have access to nearly three-fourths of the estimated economically recoverable oil in the reserve.
Salazar called the reserve an “iconic place on our Earth,” home to two caribou herds that are hunted by 40 northern and western Alaska Native villages to support a subsistence life. Polar bears roam the coast. The reserve includes renowned habitat for migratory waterfowl, including black brant, Canada geese and greater white-fronted geese.
In May, Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke signed an order to review the Obama administration management plan. The December lease sale included no land within conservation areas. However, it offered all other NPR-A land designated by Salazar as available for drilling.
Lisa Baraff, program director for the Northern Alaska Environmental Center, said federal environmental law requires site-specific analysis of the effects of oil development on wildlife, habitat, fish and subsistence use. They said a more general environmental review preceding the 2013 management plan was not sufficient.
The December sale attracted bids on just seven tracts covering 125 square miles (324 sq. kilometres), all submitted jointly by subsidiaries of ConocoPhillips and Anadarko.
The first lawsuit was filed by the Northern Alaska Environmental Center, Alaska Wilderness League, Defenders of Wildlife, Sierra Club and The Wilderness Society.
The second lawsuit was filed by the Natural Resources Defence Council, Center for Biological Diversity, Greenpeace and Friends of the Earth.
Buccaneers GM ‘owning up to' mistake of Roberto Aguayo draft pick
Tampa Bay Buccaneers general manager Jason Licht was widely derided and mocked for trading up to select a kicker, Roberto Aguayo, with the No. 59 overall pick of the 2016 NFL Draft. It only got worse when Aguayo proved ineffective.
With Aguayo now released due to their maddening inconsistency and missed kicks, Licht could only say that they were “owning up” to making a bad move.
“I'm owning up to it,” Licht told Peter King of the MMQB. “I'm owning up to it by releasing him. It was a bold move and it didn't work out. I don't know what else to say. I know I have the support of my coach and my ownership.
“At the time, I was bound and determined to get the best kicker we possibly could. I thought Roberto had the chance to be a special kicker in the league for a long time. That's a position that had been a rough spot for us. What did I learn from this? I've said this before, but when we took him, we essentially anointed him. If I could do it again, I would have gone back and brought in competition to challenge him. I look back on that a lot. Roberto is a great kid, but the magnitude of that position, and the pressure on a 21-year-old—his performance is affecting the lives of men who have families to support. That got tough.”
Aguayo has already landed somewhere else, where they will hope to rebound with less pressure. That will leave Licht to nurse their wounds and deal with the damage done to their reputation.
JV Swampcats defeat OP
Last Updated: February 2, 2018 at 9:21 pm
The Laurence Manning Academy junior varsity boys' basketball team defeated Orangeburg Prep 37-25 on Friday evening. Kyle Horton led the team with 15 points, while Trey Sharpe had nine, Denzell Sigler had eight, A.J. Nelson had three and Buddy Gales had two points.
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – Three female University of Dayton students say a naked man entered their bedrooms early Wednesday morning.
Around 3:15 a.m. a student who lives on Woodland Ave. reported a naked man entered their bedroom. They say when they confronted them they left the residence. The suspect entered through a window, according to an advisory from the university.
Later that morning around 4 a.m., another student who lives on Frericks Way said they woke up to a baked man in their bedroom. They said when they tried to leave the room the suspect tried to restrain them They reported being able to get away from the suspect and locking themselves in another room. According to the university advisory, the suspect was gone when police got there. It appears the suspect entered the residence through an unsecured window.
About 15 minutes later, a third student who lives on College Park woke up to a naked man in their bedroom They say after yelling at them they left. The advisory says they entered through an unsecured door.
In all three instances, the suspect was described as a white male in their mid 20's, approximately 5'10”, medium build, with brown curly hair.
University of Dayton police are collecting evidence at the scenes and are continuing to investigate these incidents.
2 NEWS reached out to the university for comment and was deferred to the advisory.
General News of Monday, 14 August 2017
Source: primenewsgh.com
2017-08-14
File photo
A source at Capital Bank, one of two banks, whose operations have been taken over by the Ghana Commercial Bank, say the bank's collapse is not strange to most people, especially after management consistently ignored warning signs about how the operations were being run.
Bank of Ghana on Monday announced, through a statement, licenses of the two banks have been taken away from them, and their assets transferred to GCB.
“The main offices and branch of UT Bank and Capital Bank will be under the control of GCB bank and will be opened at 1pm today for normal business transactions.”
Since the news emerged, rumors have been making the rounds about the possible reasons that might have led to the collapse of the banks, especially capital. Primenewsghana sources say some senior managers are solely responsible for the poor turn of the bank and despite warning signs given to them, they ignored it.
A former employee, who says they resigned because they were unable to “bear” some of the “strange” decisions taken by management, said competent people were not put at the right places.
“You don't expect to make good returns when positions that ought to have gone to persons with expertise in the bank are given to members of the church, just because they are known to a “big” man. “
They said the bank's operations started going downhill soon as those with knowledge in the bank were “sidelined” and their positions occupied by “favorites” of some of the board members.
“We knew this day will come but the when was what we could not tell,” the source said. “It is unfortunate the right persons with the skill to work were bypassed and the jobs handed out to friends and persons know to those in decision-making sector.”
The collapse of the two banks has come as a shock to some members of the public especially when for the past decade, the two have swept back to back banking awards in the country, cementing their status as the best operated banks in the country.
GCB has so far replaced the logos of the two banks with its own logo and has assured customers their savings are intact.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE As the evolution of an upper low has come into focus, there is better model consensus on a track across the eastern Yucatan peninsula Friday night, and towards the eastern Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama coastal region early Sunday. Ryan Truchelut/WeatherTiger
Neighbors walk under the rain past a washed out road in Alajuelita on the outskirts of San Jose, Costa Rica, Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017. Tropical Storm Nate formed off the coast of Nicaragua on Thursday and was being blamed for at least 17 deaths in Central America as it spun north toward a potential landfall on the U.S. Gulf Coast as a hurricane over the weekend. (AP Photo/Moises Castillo) ORG XMIT: XMC104 (Photo: Moises Castillo, AP)
Where is the storm?
Tropical Storm Nate is expected to move across the northwestern Caribbean Sea today, and reach the eastern coast of the Yucatan peninsula early this evening. Nate will then move into the southern Gulf of Mexico tonight and approach the northern Gulf coast Saturday evening.
The National Hurricane Center said the tropical storm should develop into a hurricane Saturday night into Sunday as it builds strength from the warm waters of the Gulf of Mexico.
The center said Nate is moving northwest at 14 miles per hour with maximum sustained winds of 45 miles per hour.
Where will Nate hit?
By the 5 a.m. update, the forecast path moved east putting Pensacola back inside the center's warning cone, which stretched from the Florida Panhandle to central Louisiana.
Jack Cullen of the National Weather Service in Mobile, Alabama, says Pensacola will likely be on the eastern side of Nate when it makes landfall.
"The eastern side is generally the area for higher wind gusts, storm surge and tornado formation," they said.
What can you expect in Escambia and Santa Rosa counties?
Nate will bring the potential for heavy rains to the area beginning on Saturday and continuing through at least Sunday, according to the National Weather Service. A flash flood may soon be required for most of the area and tornadoes will also be possible beginning Saturday and continuing into Sunday for most of the PNJ readership area. Sustained tropical storm force winds are expected Sunday morning, which will gradually diminish Sunday evening.
The local forecast calls for winds in Escambia County to be between 35 and 45 mph with gusts of up to 65 mph and for winds in Santa Rosa County to be between 15 and 25 mph with gusts up to 35 mph.
Rainfall is expected to be between 3 to 5 inches. There is also a chance of isolated short-track tornadoes.
Late Thursday night, the National Weather Service issued a tropical storm watch for much of the Northwest Florida Gulf coast, including Escambia and Santa Rosa counties. Areas under the watch include Pensacola, Pensacola Beach, Perdido Key, Gulf Breeze, Navarre and Bagdad.
The watch means tropical storm force winds are possible within the next 48 hours.
Eglin Air Force Base said Thursday that it was at Hurricane Condition 4, which means destructive winds of 58 miles per hour or greater are possible within the next 72 hours.
Gov. Rick Scott plans to return to Pensacola today and give an update on Tropical Storm Nate from the Escambia Operations Center at noon.
Why did Nate form so quickly?
Fall storms like Nate tend to pop up quickly, making them harder for forecasters to track, according to Jack Cullen of the National Weather Service in Mobile, Alabama.
Nate will move over extremely warm waters, which will provide fuel for the system to strengthen into a hurricane.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Tropical Storm Nate unleashed intense rainfall across much of Central America on Thursday. Wochit
Local cancellations and closures
The University of West Florida will close all of its locations starting at noon Saturday through Monday. "This includes all classes, events, campus and online courses," the university said in a statement posted to its website.
The university expected to reopen on Tuesday unless conditions change.
UWF's home football game against Mississippi College has been rescheduled for 6 p.m. Friday at Blue Wahoos Stadium. The game was initially scheduled for Saturday evening.
Sacred Heart Health System has postponed its Medical Mission at Home event, which was scheduled for Saturday at Pensacola High School. The event — a day of free screenings, social services and health care services — will be rescheduled at a later date.
The BaseFEST concert on board Pensacola Naval Air Station that was scheduled for Saturday is canceled due to potential inclement weather from Tropical Storm Nate. The concert will not be rescheduled.
All areas of Gulf Islands National Seashore will be closed to the public after closing at their regular times on Thursday evening. Affected areas include all Mississippi Islands, Fort Pickens, Fort Barrancas, Naval Live Oaks, Santa Rosa, Okaloosa and the Perdido Key areas.
All campers at the Fort Pickens and Davis Bayou campgrounds must evacuate by noon Friday.
Pensacola State College has canceled Pensacola ComposerFest XIII, which was scheduled for 2:30 p.m. Sunday at the school's Ashmore Fine Arts Auditorium.
Pensacola Day, a Campus Church event scheduled for Saturday, has been canceled because the weather is expected to affect many of the event's outdoor activities.
Northwest Florida Great Dane Rescue's Second Annual Dane-Toberfest, a fundraising event featuring adoptable dogs, food and vendors, has been rescheduled for Oct. 15 at Seville Square from noon to 5 p.m.
What can you do to prepare?
Right now, the most important thing residents can do is make sure they are prepared with the appropriate supplies and that they are following local media for updates.
Santa Rosa County has limited supplies of sand available for free at several locations:
Leisure Street at Citrus Drive in Holley By the Sea
Tiger Point Park in Gulf Breeze
Pace Fire Rescue District in Pace
Corner of Pine Forest Road and Carroll Road in Milton
Residents must bring shovels to fill and load their own sand bags. Bags are available for purchase at local home improvement stores.
What are local officials doing?
Gov. Rick Scott has declared a state of emergency in Escambia, Santa Rosa and 27 other Florida counties in advance of the storm's arrival.
As part of the state's emergency preparedness:
The Florida National Guard has 7,000 guard members available for deployment if needed.
The state is preparing to support potential sheltering operations in the Panhandle.
FDOT district offices are reaching out to construction vendors to have them remove any materials that block roads to facilitate potential evacuations and checking on fuel supplies.
Utilities are contacting their mutual aid partners to determine availability if external resources are needed to restore services.
The state is contacting fuel industry partners to prepare for potential storm impacts. At this time, there are no reported supply, distribution or retail fuel shortages or issues.
Scott also stopped at the Escambia County Emergency Operations Center on Thursday morning and urged people to be prepared, particularly those in areas west of Panama City, including Escambia and Santa Rosa counties.
Scott warned Nate could strengthen quickly and its path could change. They said the state's emergency operations center had been activated and officials were monitoring Nate around the clock.
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/weather/hurricanes/2017/10/06/tropical-storm-nate-what-pensacola-needs-know-friday/738263001/
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Halsey is a survivor.
Related: G-Eazy & Halsey are Ride-or-Die on ‘Him & I'
That's the theme of the pop star's latest music video, “Sorry.”
The clip features a bloodied Halsey stumbling through a post-apocalyptic city street littered with bodies and crashed vehicles after what looks like a multi-car collision.
The clip was co-directed by Halsey and Sing J Lee.
“Sorry” is the latest track from Halsey's most recent full-length, Hopeless Fountain Kingdom.
Watch the video below:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW ORLEANS, La. -- Jesse Duplantis Ministries has three private jets, but Duplantis needs one more.
After all, as the televangelist who preaches the controversial "prosperity gospel" explained to their followers in a video last week, if Jesus Christ walked the earth today, "he wouldn't be riding a donkey."
There's just one thing: To buy that $54 million private jet (Duplantis has their eye on a Dassault Falcon 7x), the Louisiana preacher needs their followers to donate money to the cause. As for those asupervisorstioned three jets, the most recent of which was purchased in 2006, the ministry has been "just burning them up for the Lord Jesus Christ," Duplantis said in the video, per NOLA.com.
The Falcon 7x, with a range of 5,950 nautical miles, is needed "so we can go anywhere in the world in one stop," they explained. None of their other jets can do that.
Duplantis told their followers that God told him, "I want you to believe in me for a Falcon 7X." They said viewers should "pray about becoming a partner to it."
They addressed the possible controversial nature of their request, per WGNO: "Now some people believe that preachers shouldn't have jets. I really believe that preachers ought to go on every available voice, every available outlet, to get this gospel preached to the world."
They have defended their use of private planes in the past in what the Washington Post calls a "widely mocked" video in which they and another preacher said, among other things, that you can't speak openly to God on a commercial airliner.
Duplantis, who has a church just outside New Orleans, also owns one of the largest homes in St. Charles Parish; it has 22,039 square feet of living space and 12,947 square feet of outdoor patios, garages, and other amenities.
Wildwood police released body camera footage of a violent confrontation between officers and a young woman on the beach on Saturday. The woman, who is 20, was being cited for having alcohol with them and refused to give officers their last name. One officer then punched them while taking them into custody.
Police have released body camera videos of a violent arrest at a beach in Wildwood, New Jersey over Memorial Day Weekend.
Emily Weinman, 20, of Philadelphia, was arrested Saturday and charged with aggravated assault on a police officer, aggravated assault by spitting bodily fluids at/on a police officer, disorderly conduct, resisting arrest, obstruction and minor in possession of alcohol.
A video of the arrest posted on social media Saturday shows three officers holding Weinman down on the sand. One officer punches them on the back of the head as they restrain them A woman in the background repeatedly yells “stop resisting.”
Police identified the officers involved as Officer Thomas Cannon, Officer John Hillman and Officer Robert Jordan.
Wildwood Commissioner of Public Safety Tony Leonetti told NBC10 Weinman assaulted one of the officers first by kicking them in the groin and then running away, which the video does not show. Wildwood Police also say at one point Weinman spat at one of the officers.
On Wednesday, Wildwood police released three new body camera videos of the incident. In the first video, an officer confronts Weinman and a friend about underage drinking and makes them take a breathalyzer test.
The officer is heard saying they are going to have Weinman pour their alcohol out. The video then cuts off.
The second video begins with Weinman telling the officer she's allowed to carry alcohol, just not to drink it. They also argue that the alcohol isn't opened while an officer tells them the alcohol can be seen meaning it's an "open display."
The officer tells Weinman she's not cooperating and causing a scene.
"I'll give you one more chance to give me your last name," the officer says.
Weinman doesn't give them their last name however and tells them they're wasting their time.
"What's your last name?" the officer asks again.
"You don't need my last name," Weinman says.
"Okay that's it. I'm done with you," the officer says.
The officer then asks their colleague if they have handcuffs.
"Get over here," the officer says.
"Don't f*****g cuff me," they say.
"You're about to get dropped," the officer says.
The second video ends with the officer walking toward them
During the third video, the officer grabs Weinman's hair and forces them to the ground as they scream, struggles, curses and tells them repeatedly to get off of them At one point a fist is seen hitting Weinman three times.
"You're not allowed to beat me like that," they yell. "I'm a woman it doesn't matter!"
The officers then begin to handcuff them
"My daughter is right there seeing this," Weinman yells. "I didn't do anything wrong!"
Weinman then spits at one of the officers as they place them in handcuffs and take them into a police vehicle.
The video ends with one of the officers reporting what happened to another officer. The officer claims Weinman tried kicking another officer so they "slammed them on the ground."
"She kicked them and I just hit them a couple times," the officer said. "And I put them in cuffs and locked them up."
In a Facebook post, which by Monday morning was apparently taken down, Weinman admitted to being in possession of alcohol while underage. They also claim they aren't drinking at the time of the arrest, that the alcohol was closed, and that the breathalyzer test came back negative.
After the test, Weinman says the officers still stayed with them and one officer followed them as they walked away to make a phone call.
“Therefore I asked them don't they have something better to do as cops than to stop people for underage drinking on the beach, saying to that there's so much more serious stuff going on,” Weinman wrote. “The cop said, ‘I was gonna let you go but now I'll write you up' and they asked my name.”
Weinman said they didn't give the officer their name because they “didn't do anything wrong.” Weinman claims the officer then announced they were going to arrest them and walked toward them to place them in handcuffs.
“I tripped and fell and the cop tackled me to the ground and smashed my head into the sand,” Weinman wrote. “At that point I blacked out and fought any way possible trying to get up and push them off me.”
Weinman wrote that they were "partly wrong in a way" for not giving the officer their name but that they didn't want to do it because they were scared.
“Like I said I didn't do anything wrong and anything could've been written on that paper, the whole situation was iffy and I didn't trust it,” they wrote. “Especially being aware of the fact of how grimy law enforcement can be now a days.”
Weinman has faced charges prior to Saturday's incident, including simple assault and criminal mischief, according to court records.
 They are on probation for the previous simple assault in Philadelphia, according to their attorney Stephen Dicht. Dicht also says that after seeing the new body camera footage, their view hasn't changed.
"My perception is the same," Dicht said. "My reaction is the same. It's an overreaction to the situation and an excessive use of force."
The initial video sparked debate on social media, with some supporting the officers' actions, others insisting that people wait for the entire story to emerge before passing judgment and others condemning what they believe to be excessive force from the officers.
"If you refuse to give your name, than does that give them the right to pound you in the head?" Dicht asked.
Wildwood Police say an internal affair investigation was immediately initiated on the incident and the three officers were reassigned to administrative duty pending the outcome.
“Chief Regalbuto stated that while they find this video to be alarming, they do not want to rush to any judgment until having the final results of the investigation,” a Wildwood Police spokesperson wrote.
The Cape May County Prosecutor's Office would not comment on the incident outside of saying it's under review.
Wildwood Mayor Ernie Troiano, Jr. told NBC10 the incident was not a reflection of the Jersey Shore town.
"It's really a shame that one minuscule incident happened that ruined it for the whole entire weekend which has been a great weekend," they said.
Police are asking anyone who witnessed the incident and has more video to contact Detective Lieutenant Kenneth Gallagher at 609-522-0222.
